JulysFire	Not Recommended	69.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/julysfire/	Paid DLC is not cool when it is still in Early Acess
Fortigan	Not Recommended	2,106.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/fortigan/	This games development is a joke.  They just keep releasing more and more content, but don't bother fixing anything that they already released.  Instead of optimizing the game and correcting a flood of bugs, they just keep putting out more buggy content.  The few times they do attempt to "balance" the game, they make it worse.  The latest patch included some of the most glaring mistakes they have ever come up with.  It's obvious that they did not think this through and certainly did not have a sample group test it first.  The modding community does a better job of fixing and balancing the game than the developers ever could.  This latest mistake is yet another that will force modders to come up with a way to correct.This game will draw you in, convince you to invest countless hours, then force a radical fundamental game change on you that makes those countless hours a complete waste.  Eventually you will come back and try again, thinking, "Surely they would not royally screw me over a 2nd time", only to have it happen all over again.  If you have a close group of friends to play with on an unofficial server that has the right mods and settings to suit your tastes, then this game "can" have the potential to be enjoyable. However, unless it's your own personal server, finding that right mix is like searching for a needle in a hay stack.TLDR:Wait till the game is fully released and read the reviews to see if they actually managed to make it a good game or if they just continued to make the player base hate them.  Buying the game now is like rolling the dice at the casino with every update.
Kaz	Not Recommended	17.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Kazra19/	How is it still early access and they can release paid DLC? The base game is still apparently not done.. that is why they say there are so many bugs and yet they have spent time on additional paid content. Fix and finish what I have paid for first please.
Shrek ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)	Not Recommended	2.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198080994162/	This game is an actual joke. Don't buy this. Trust me.
fortris	Not Recommended	2.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/fortris/	Sick instead of finishing the game or making it run at a decent framerate on even high end hardware you just make DLC. Keep on proving that early access is a joke.Please do not buy this.
Casually Corrosive	Not Recommended	2,016.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198134151116/	game isnt even finished and a PAID dlc. no thanks. i do not reccomend the game anymore.
JustSomeDad	Not Recommended	5.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/IHateThisValley/	If you liked Minecraft, but felt it moved at too fast of a pace and needed Dinosaurs to randomly murder you then go ahead and give Ark a shot.  But you better be prepared to be sold DLC before the game is even completed.  Would still only be an average game if they weren't being so greedy about it.
NoCTuRnAl_NiCK	Not Recommended	267.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198251890458/	This Game would be better if the developers stopped, and optimized the game. It pisses me off, that i have to take 15mins to load on to my SINGLEPLAYER server, and then its just 2 fps through out my entire playthrough if im lucky my game doesn't crash within 10-20mins of start up.
Spanx24	Not Recommended	1.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/spanx24/	Paid DLC before the game is even finished??  Burn this mother f*cker down...
Adilla	Not Recommended	727.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198305913475/	I have been playing this game for a few months and have loved it dearly! We even have our own server that is how much my family and I really love playing this game. I would give you thumbs up until today when you relased the new DLC... you guys made an outstanding game; but it ruined the players like us... We can't even get into our server, we have to take a bunch of stuff out and you guys made it to where we have to pay the DLC to be able to play which is wrong...Maybe focus on one thing at a time and fix the problems you still have cause now you have to focus onto two situations and th ebase game better be your number piority. PLease because I do not want to give up a game I love playing...
wtknc	Not Recommended	39.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198055959192/	early access + paid dlc = cash grab = badfinish the game then come out with the dlcs. I will gladly pay once we have a complete game, but right now it is a huge cash grab.
strux	Not Recommended	47.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/struxoje/	I think legal action against this guys should be more than appropriate. You cannot just sell early access to a game, with a promises of finishing the game, where people pay for it and than you don't deliver, but rather sell a DLC. (Legally I would argue that even DLC should be probably be free, as you paid for early access to entire game no matter your DLC) And you know what is worse than selling a DLC? That you wasted all that time doing it, which you should have spent optimising this game. Loading times are terrible, and overall execution times suck big time and are far from where they should be with any normal finished game. Server still consumes way too much CPU and memory etc etc. So I would also like to ask all developers from Studio Wildcard that work on ARK to give a big fat pat of the back to Jesse Rapczak and Jeremy Stieglitz, and go find another job, run away as fast as you can, as they ruined all your hard work. As for me, I'll finish with words of world's greatest thinker and visionary of all modern time - Eric Cartman: Screw you guys, I'm going home! (and play something else)
Just Carl	Not Recommended	1,167.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198071254149/	Tsk Tsk Tsk. Shady Wild Card doing their thing again. Having over 1k hours, I regretfully can not recommend their game nor endorse it. They are doing to many shady things to be trusted. Seems like all early accese devs in the end are just♥♥♥♥♥♥...sigh to bad.
Broughy	Not Recommended	4.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198046521835/	Unfinished, broken game. Paid DLC.'nuff said.
Terdle	Not Recommended	751.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Terdle/	When you spend your hard earned cash on an early acces games, you'd expect that money to be used to improve said game. But recently wildcard decided, to instead use that hard earned money to develop DLC, and then charge you for it again!Well dlc is dlc, and the game still runs fine without it. Dont expect a great deal of fun though. Players that do own the dlc can transport their "fantasy dino's" to current maps and dominate so called "free" players.
FLO	Not Recommended	8,751.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198237438622/	dear peoplesince the update 256.1 the game isnt worth to buy you cant use any bird proper everything takes hours to move if you plaY only on weekends its a useless game u need to have time and this is just a game destroying nerf and i know  a lot people including me (over 5k hrs in ark) gonna quit this game very soon if they dont change it back!
Shannon Fartacus	Not Recommended	3,312.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/shann112/	They are kicking the butts of their player base that supported them through the early access phase. Again and again.I wont repeat here the reasons for that in detail, they all can be found here and in forums where alle this crap is reported and discussed already.Just to tell some headwords: Still unfixed bugs, stealth-nerfs, false informations, false and missing patch notes, performance issues, server issues, missing support in the past, missing support in the future with coming release, lies about future concept and development, price policy...The game has a really good potential and there are a lot of good ideas within, as i started to play i thought i found a company that makes a lot of right. But all that is destroyed by the lot of lies, the almost completely ignored community and the missing respect for your supporters who trusted you and gave you the money to develop and finance this.I will never ever again buy a Wildcard game (or other companies where they are involved), perhaps that was my last Early Access game either.Just a big disappointment! Thank you for the good time i had in the game. On the other hand thank you too for the waste of energy spent in a game that i normally would play forever and would buy all future dlcs.You don't respect us? We lost our respect for YOU!DON'T BUY THIS GAME, if they have your money you will become LEGACY, UNSUPPORTED and a BURDEN!
wugglesworth	Not Recommended	349.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/wugglesworth/	TL:DR - Releasing DLC, paid or free, for a an early release game that badly needs bug fixes and optimizations is absolutely NOT okay. DO NOT BUY UNTIL THE GAME IS FINISHED - YOU WILL PROBABLY BE DISSAPOINTED OTHERWISE.I thoroughly enjoyed the game when I bought it last year but eventually decided to stop playing until they finished the content and worked out all the bugs (this was back when the release date was still "summer 2016" and not "holiday 2016"). Conceptually the gameplay is fine but it still has major flaws that need to get worked out - instead however they keep trying to cram in more and more *broken* content. There was a point at the end of last year when the devs should have stopped and said, "There are more than enough dinos, biomes, items, etc, for a complete game. Lets stop adding content and start fixing bugs and optimizing code". That would have given them enough time to meet their 'original' release date, go out of EA and start charging full price for a complete game, and then release the SOTF/Scorched Earth stuff as paid DLC this holiday. Instead they REFUSE, straight ♥♥♥♥ing REFUSE, to fix their game and have chosen to continue releasing more content without the base game even being finished.
Wicked Guardian	Not Recommended	1.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Tan531/	I know I'm just a voice lost in the herd, but I bought this game with intent to play it once I had an amazing PC to play it with. Even with a beast of a rig, the game still has hiccups and is difficult to get set up. So I dropped it, waiting for the game to be better optimized so that I could have a smooth experience. I heard they had an update and decided to check it out.... $20. ♥♥♥♥ you.
Rejectz	Not Recommended	91.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/DatB_Rejectz/	£55, making it one of the most expensive base games now on steam. Whilst still been unfinished, unoptomized and full of bugs. If you buy the game at this price, you might as well take your money and start flushing it down your toilet.With the game now been this expensive, the whole surivival of the fitest fiasco and releasing paid DLC whilst in early access, it should show everyone that the developers of this game are greedy and do not care about their players
Kowen	Not Recommended	9.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kadekowen/	Early Access + DLC = Negative
123	Not Recommended	6,335.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/4365464564564563433/	The devolopers of this game have absolutely no idea on how to adress nerfs and buffs. They killed the game with the latest patch by not taking the time to think the nerf out. ARK just lost a bunch of players and with the direction its headed it will soon be a dead game.
JulysFire	Not Recommended	69.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/julysfire/	Paid DLC is not cool when it is still in Early Acess
Fortigan	Not Recommended	2,106.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/fortigan/	This games development is a joke.  They just keep releasing more and more content, but don't bother fixing anything that they already released.  Instead of optimizing the game and correcting a flood of bugs, they just keep putting out more buggy content.  The few times they do attempt to "balance" the game, they make it worse.  The latest patch included some of the most glaring mistakes they have ever come up with.  It's obvious that they did not think this through and certainly did not have a sample group test it first.  The modding community does a better job of fixing and balancing the game than the developers ever could.  This latest mistake is yet another that will force modders to come up with a way to correct.This game will draw you in, convince you to invest countless hours, then force a radical fundamental game change on you that makes those countless hours a complete waste.  Eventually you will come back and try again, thinking, "Surely they would not royally screw me over a 2nd time", only to have it happen all over again.  If you have a close group of friends to play with on an unofficial server that has the right mods and settings to suit your tastes, then this game "can" have the potential to be enjoyable. However, unless it's your own personal server, finding that right mix is like searching for a needle in a hay stack.TLDR:Wait till the game is fully released and read the reviews to see if they actually managed to make it a good game or if they just continued to make the player base hate them.  Buying the game now is like rolling the dice at the casino with every update.
Kaz	Not Recommended	17.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Kazra19/	How is it still early access and they can release paid DLC? The base game is still apparently not done.. that is why they say there are so many bugs and yet they have spent time on additional paid content. Fix and finish what I have paid for first please.
Shrek ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)	Not Recommended	2.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198080994162/	This game is an actual joke. Don't buy this. Trust me.
EvilDante	Not Recommended	1,528.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198041694668/	Paid DLC on an Early Access title which is directly linked to the base game, if purchased can provide a significant advantage over others, as people have the ability to transfer dinos and tools from Scorched Earth maps to base ones(TheIsland, TheCenter). Thanks but no thanks.Good run till now, it's over boys.
Moonstone Mom	Not Recommended	1,921.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198135673585/	Buyer Beware! If you buy this now, you're walking into a sucker trap. The issue is not whether the game is good. It could have been epic. The main issue is that the devs have slapped their loayl community in the face. Check the history of updates and announcements. They never told us anything about developing paid DLC. All the elements they hyped to us as they were working on them were presented as if they would be in the base game. Then at roll-out, the devs said they knew people would 'have issues with it in principle'. Further saying that they can't please everyone. They also said DLC was more complete and polished than the base game. Another slap at their loyal player base. The people having 'issues' are the loyal customer base who has supported the game and stuck with it in spite of countless bugs and game-breakers. Many of these are over a year old and players have been begging for fixes while Wild Card was secretly developing DLC to make more money. We have all been forced to download an 8G update that includes elements of the DLC even if we aren't buying it. The download has crashed official and unofficial servers, and even high end rigs are now having performance problems, mine included. The irony is that there are numerous posts in the forums about the bugs that are showing up now in the DLC. Now WC has 2 games to fix. Will it happen? Probably not based on their history. Better run the other way if you ever see another Studio Wild Card game.
Rylynn	Not Recommended	151.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198076596949/	Really? paid DLC for an early access game?I love this game because of its potential. By releasing a paid DLC, the developers are basically telling their consumers that they are no longer funneling their resources fine tuning the game to increase game performance but into creating content to fill their pockets.I say they should leave extra contents to the modding community and work on the terrible fps and other performance issues on lower tier pc's.
Girth Daddy	Not Recommended	840.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198032538667/	I have put 800+ hours into this game. I will probably return to it every now and then because I already own it. But, I do not recommend purchasing this game. They started out as a shining example of what early access should be like, now they have forgotten that people gave their trust to them to fund their game production. I don't know for sure why they decided to go with paid DLC before the game was even finished, but their official response sealed the deal for me. I do not support the producers of this game, they have lost my trust and do not think you should reward their business model/mentality.Official response:"Some people might see that this is an Early Access title and we're selling an expansion pack and they might have an ideological issue with that(...)"I don't think we're ever going to please those people."They disregard the complaints they recieve, and do not offer a proper justification to the people who supported them from the begining. Stay mindful about what you spend your money on. You may be able to afford it, but consider your money a reward to the people you are paying. They might not deserve it.
Bundesagentur für Rekt	Not Recommended	1,177.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/KrabbyFaceMeOnLan/	Releasing DLC with features that should be in the main game before the main game is even close to those being implemented and putting work into that DLC instead of the main game that we already paid for is already way over the limits for me. But if you charge money for that DLC... I honestly don't know what i should call this without insulting. I'm not saying the DLC is bad. And im not saying ARK does'nt have much content that is worth playing. But that is NO EXCUSE for delaying an already paid, unfinished game with massive flaws even more for content we have to pay for again even tho we should get it in the game we already paid for ASAP. Not to mention that this game is, game mechanic and performance related, still a huge construction site with many bugs, lags, fps drops and even game breaking glitches in MP! That said the work they put into the DLC should have definetly flowed into ARK itself, fixing the major game experience lowering and game breaking bugs and other flaws and completing the existing content like building, breeding, flora and fauna. After that i would gladly pay any DLC that is worth the money even to support WC. Even if they needed money i would've donated some if they communicated it right. But not like this. To me, this looks like fraud. And this is the worst thing you can do as DEVs/Publishers. Not to mention that this will make school... Im honestly disgusted and i did'nt think i would use this word ever in any review.
Mork the Mork	Not Recommended	230.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/MorkOfMorkington/	With over 200 hours in ARK I can't recommend it. It's buggy, badly optimized, and the online playerbase is a toxic mess. The DLC is overpriced, (the latest being slightly less expensive than the full game.) And the hitboxes are worse than anything I've ever seen.If the devs fixed the various issues instead of adding more I would change my review in an instant. Unless you have an incredibly powerful computer and don't care about any of the issues listed above, save your money for something else.To buy all the DLC, and the main game you would have to pay a total of $145 dollars. Plus tax.If you have something to add go ahead and comment below.
AceAttorney	Not Recommended	0.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197971316447/	The recommended system requirements for this game are a flat-out lie.  My PC easily exceeded them, and I had to turn the settings so low to get even close to a playable framrate that it looked worse than a PS2 game.  I ended up getting it refunded.
Psycho Bobo	Not Recommended	120.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197978110210/	First off lets get this out of the way.Is the base game of this fun and enjoyable. Very much so.At its core Ark is a mix of playing minecraft and Pokemon with its base building and dino capturing mechanics. Sounds amazing doesn't it? Well it would be, if you could reliably actually capture stuff or build a base as a newbie coming into this game.As it stands most long term players have pretty much locked down the servers in terms of resources, dino tame limit, and preferred areas to build. Meaning coming in as a newbie or such your pretty much out of luck if you want to make any decent progress.Whats a dino tame limit? Oh just a ingame mechanic to stop all current tames from progressing. But dont worry if someone elses dino dies you might get the oppertunity to try and tame yours again. Sounds great right? Only problem is that you could be waiting upwards of a hour just to be able to get that chance again, all the while your spending resources and time just to keep your current tame sleeping.As far as the building aspect goes again long term players have locked down the servers. By putting pillars in random spots you remove the ability for other players to be able to build near it. As you can imagine alot of the non hazardous plances to roam are completely locked down or such that you can never hope to make a halfway decent base as a solo person.Now you might be thinking that the answer would be to wait till new servers pop up, then let new players go to those. Herein lies the problem with that notion.As it stands the servers have a transfer section, which again is a cool feature. The problem though is that not only can you char transfer, but your dinos and items can too. Meaning that trying to start out on a new server will pit you against others who have enormous lead on you and will likely lock you out of the same area within a short time frame anyway.On the off chance someone at the high end of this game is reading this who has 10 of the same dinos of each kind just to fill up slots to tame lemme just say bravo good sir, way to grief the playerbase.What this game needs is a ingame meteor event to wipe out large sections of land. Just so players have the chance to build in new areas again. Especially needed on the shoreline of the map so you can actually dock a raft once every 10 mins.To state quite bluntly. There is a great game in here, but trying to get to it is rough if you come into this by yourself. it needs tweaking from the devs or admins to help out any newbies if its hoping to get new customers. Do not buy it.Not doing a review concerning the PvP side. Same issues as above only good luck surviving a day before any large tribe decimates you repeatedly.
Mediic	Recommended	667.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Medamook/	I usually don't buy or play survival games where you can get raided, have to build a base to not get raided, and when you lose your stuff you don't want to play the game at all.But ARK is different.You can ride dinosaurs.You can make your own servers to play just with friends.You don't HAVE to build a giant base to keep your stuff. The map is big, and you can hide easily.Unlike a lot of other Early Access games, the devs actually UPDATE THE GAME FREQUENTLY.Plus, they're still working on optimization. So thats a good thing.EDIT: I also hate seeing this game getting so many bad reviews. Yes, barely anyone can play the game. But if you complain about "not getting my 1080p high settings and 60 FPS!!11!" then you should probably rethink life, as this is a big and beautiful game, but yes the optomization is really bad. But I give the four companies a break, because this is mostly their first actual game (2 out of 4 companies made indie games.)The devs actually didn't abandon their game like a lot of games on early access. The devs are actually working on it, and are soon releasing a version for the XBOX (PS$ too i think) one for people that either like the consoles more and/or can't play it on the PC.
Amylicious	Recommended	566.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198070431854/	 Here's how to get the most out of the game and have a wonderful time:  have an awesome PC, join an unofficial server with XP boost, harvest boost and fast taming, make friends, have a tribe. If you follow the instructions above, you're gonna love it... Simply impossible to stop playing!  
(SHP) SP33D3RNam	Not Recommended	696.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198031889292/	As one of the first people that bought this game when it was released and that also bought the expansion (Scorched Earth) when it was released i honestly think that this has become a money grubbing situation. I can either buy the last two expansions for 20 US each or i can buy the Season Pass for it for 30 US. Considering that the game was developed and finished off with money spent by gamers like us that invested hard earned cash in a game that was barely playable when it was placed on steam. why could you not give the guys that backed you when your game was broken a hand and give them Season Pass for free? or at least give them discount on the season pass? Probably because you guys have turned your bussiness into another EA company. where people either buy what you sell or♥♥♥♥♥♥off cause thats the price they have to pay  if they want your game. i have uninstalled this game and am sorry to say that (Like most of my Alpha and Beta Games) i will never install it again.i am pretty sure that none of you guys have ever even been in africa, and therefor have no idea how hard it is to earn USD, nevermind spending 100 USD for a game that is still not working the way it should. I do realise that i am farting against thunder here. but if this review at least stops one person from buying this game then i have done my duty as a gamer towards other gamers by warning them.
Sarcastic Red Fox	Not Recommended	1,213.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198219119145/	After looking at alot of peoples comments about the game, many of them have over 1000+ hours in the game including myself and are giving our view because this once awesome game is getting ruined by Devs. They don't listen to their player base at all with updates that arent needed, much less wanted (thanks for the Tek *rolls eyes*). If you want to really enjoy the game don't bother going to the official servers because you will either get wiped by the alphas becasue they dont trust anyone, or a China number 1 tribe either way you are screwed. Go to a private server where there is active admin. Most of the communities are tight knit and will bounce server to server to play without it being a 500+ hour grind to get to a metal base.
spookel	Not Recommended	46.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/shykel/	Great game. Don't agree with paid DLC for an unfinished game though, I hope it doesn't set a precedent for other games.
duckman	Recommended	277.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/blackjackduck/	1: We start building a hut. Raptor kills us.2: Naked, ran back to base, died naked.3: We gather resources before going back to base. Sneak up on raptor. Died again. It is now a raptor with spears in its side. We just gave it confidence.4: We train a turtle dino. Name him 'Bait'. Send him in. We finally kill raptor. 5: We now have our hut back.6: The hut wasn't in a good spot. Bait carries our stuff to a new spot. Thanks, Bait. No hard feelings?This is a great survival game that requires planning, tough decisions, and solid progression. Both PVP and PVE offer challenge and extended playability. 13.5 hours in, and we're only getting started. The devs are some of the best in the business and are worthy of your dollars.
Hypnotonik	Recommended	827.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ZeldaIsTheBestGame/	Okay let me start off with telling you why I like this game-Great fun with friends-So fun to learn everything about it-Getting dinosaur's you really like-Making a "unraidable base"-Raiding people-Make new friends, then join each other to take on the server-Great playersWell honestly i go on further but i think my point stands, and for now i got nothing bad to say about the game... All becuase its in Early Access. When this game gets released for the xbox and ps4 ill edit this and say things i dont like about this game.Alot of people have troubles starting or finding a good server to play on. What me and my friends did (after 30 of our servers were shut down, and we lost everything) Is we go to a server that had RP-NoKOS-24/7-teamspeak-Admins <--- all of that stuff helps, and when you join it ask the admins on the server if they have a teamspeak or how often they are on.I've had so many great moments in this game, also bad ones. But overall my review sucks, and you need to buy this game... I mean seriously its on sale a LOT and only 30$ normally and when its release in like a year, 60$ so its a steal right now. I got this game the second it was released so i know this game in a bad state, But they fixed their server problem 3 hours later. And i swear i have at least 2 or more updates a week for this game so the devs are EPICEnd
Shoxic	Not Recommended	153.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/shoxec/	There are literally hundred of things they could be working on to optimize or improve this game...NOPE DLC TIME
Soupcan Sam	Not Recommended	2,701.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198051505145/	A once proud game turned into a pathetic last-minute cash grab. A shining example of how listening too much to the community can give you a game full of exploits, cheaters, and trolls. Please I urge everyone reading this to avoid this title AT ALL COSTS. It has an amazing start, and the grind to the top is also a blast. But then it turns into farmvile on PVE or PVP that turns into some kind of horrible political battle with already established alpha-tribes, just looking for someone to unload there 500 c4 on. AND thats if you are lucky and dont get an admin who cheats, or abuses his power. Although my personal favorite are the servers that sell dinosaurs/items for money under guise of "Donations".... Just Disgusting.. Oh also they released there game unfinished. Im on a 1400$ gaming rig, parts hand picked and assembled myself, but I only get 60fps if im lucky or turn down the graphics. Wanna know why? - Because they still havent made there game directX 12 compatible. Which has been on the "upcoming patches" for almost a year and a half. Just bad businessJust some gamer to the next,Thanks! :)
Baldr	Recommended	256.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197997981242/	The world of ARK is a harsh unforgiving one. It punishes you extremely harshly for any mistake, which may have been as simple as “I needed to drink so I did, which meant I didn’t see the 3 raptors behind a bush who are now enjoying a little midday snack”.Sometimes It made me want to put down the game and cry in the corner, which happened when my first tamed dinosaur “Kevin” was tragically killed by a giant scorpion! The game has some nice touches though which allowed me to erect a gravestone in his memory.RIP Kevin.Despite all this danger and misery, there is something that takes the sting off and indeed is what I feel makes this game. Actually surviving!  Sure, you’re gonna die a dozen or so times before you finally work out how it all fits together, but once you learn to be cautious, learn which creatures to hunt and (usually) which ones to run from as fast as you’re little human legs can go, learn what things you really need and build and setup that first camp, the game makes you feel a real sense achievement. Despite all the danger lurking around every corner (or above you in the sky or below you in the water), despite the hardships you must go through to gather those resources, you have done it. You are Bear Grylls.But Bear Grylls alone couldn’t defend his friendly dino mount and camp from a rampaging T-Rex!But he could if that other great survivalist, Ray Mears, was in the area!Which is where this game really comes into it’s own.  Working together with your friends and forming a tribe is where the real enjoyment for me happens. That’s why it’s an MMO and is why I play the game.The servers currently allow 70 players on at a time which helps to prevent overcrowding which would certainly ruin the feel of the game. It also works well as I rarely see any maxed out servers.Each server is also a new start for all players. So if you join a friend (in my case brother) who’s been playing ark for a while, if you both jump onto a new server you will both wakeup in loin cloths on a beach and have to etch out a living from scratch. To me this helped me to not overly rely on my brother as he was just as vulnerable as I am and also meant he wasn’t slowing down his gameplay to help set me up in the game.And working together allows you to travel further, explore dangerous places and take down huge creatures. Alone it’s not impossible, but together it works and feels better.Meeting other players is also an interesting (and sometimes nerve racking) experience. Wondering along and suddenly 3 guys riding T-Rexs emerge from the trees! Do I run? Will they perhaps trade? Offer my lowly character free gear to help me survive? Point me in the direction of new wonders and resources? Or will they just kill me and take my stuff? So far, all of these things have happened to me, and I enjoyed it all (even my murder by thieves).All in all, ARK is a fantastic gaming environment full of possibilities and adventures with plenty of danger! There’s the odd bug and having the option to switch between 1st and 3rd person would be nice along with other minor gripes. But these things can be fixed and other things may change, it’s not at full release after all.For now, my tribe and I are happy to roam the world of ARK, trying to go beyond surviving and build a lasting civilisation! Or maybe just a dry hut. And with more content to come and the many mods being created by the community, I can see myself playing this game for a long time. 
Doben	Not Recommended	51.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197988121233/	Early access dlc, enough said.
SleepiestLink	Recommended	855.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/GrimPixelYoshi/	Day 1 : Girl drugged me, pooped on my body and called me a noob. Several days later, I come across a small pond with a Megalodon in it. I make a small offering here and there, the Megalodon and I bond. He says he will offer me great power for a human sacrifice.  Day 16: I track down the girl who had once defecated on my face. I see her attempting to tame a Stego. I sneak up on her. Load her with 30 drug berries, kill the Stego she is taming, poop on it's body. Drag her lifeless corpse back to Lord Megalodon, he seems pleased. I drag her to the beach. Add 10 more drug berries, just to make sure she is helpless. I throw her body in with Lord Megalodon. He seems pleased, but he requires more. I begin my hunt again. 10/10
God Of Heck	Not Recommended	93.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198018819059/	paid dlc while in early access 0/11 would buy one of there games again.
PHO3N1X	Not Recommended	0.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/pho3nix1/	DLC? Seriously?
Korzyks	Not Recommended	1.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198151058845/	Good concept, good fun. Lot of players.Update often by devs.Cons : Optimization is horrible.Even with the best computer today the gameplay isn't smooth.They have lying to us by  creating during the Early Access a DLC with our money : dev couldn't be trusted. 
Cyborin	Not Recommended	4.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TheCoolestRobot/	20$ DLC? Why don't you like I don't knowFINISH YOUR ♥♥♥♥ING GAME
Foyva	Not Recommended	141.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198094320402/	A Little Further Out- Procedurally Generated ARKs!- New Mechanic: Breeding Phase 3: Random Mutations and Family Trees- New Mechanic: Explorer Notes- More Creatures, Gear, Armors, Weapons, & Structures!- Underwater Dungeons, Tek Caves, "Ascension" Game Progression, "Boss Wars" - Aquatic and Amphibious Mating/Lifecycles- DirectX12 Mode for Windows 10! Approximate +20% perf - Specific Representative "on-ground" meshes for all dropped items- Random GPU Driver crash fix: TrueSkyThings have been on this list for over a year. They prioritize paid content instead of the stuff people ask for. I fear for the future of this game it isn't finished and the paid DLC already starts.
SitricAcid	Not Recommended	167.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SitricAcid/	As much as I like this game, I have to give this a negative review because of the fact that this game isn't even released yet and they are already selling DLC. I usually don't mind early access games, but this is taking it way too far.
KiNGHuNT	Recommended	51.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kinghunt3k/	Ever since this game was released , we could not stop playingCouple of friends took 2 days off work I did not sleep for 24 hoursI ineed to un-install immediatly Despite being an EA game ( and some performance issues ) the game is a rare blend between DayZ/Rust/H1Z1 and Minecraft. Things that matter the most :The Dev team behind this game are Unreal , both engine and humans. 2-3 updates per day, constant improvments and bug fixes .The speed of development is also Unreal - they are developing this game as if they are eating candy, game is very fast developed, almost everyday.Gameplay is mega fun with dinos , taming dinos experiance is awesome, bulding irregation systems and power units..crafting hunting , exploring , surviving , weather conditions , all what you need or wanted is there no jokeVERY IMPRESSIVE GAME AND A MUST BUY! 
CrestFallenBusta	Not Recommended	83.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Grantnola/	i lucked out and got this game for 12.00 DON'T buy this game full price it's not worth it.
Bleached_Mexican	Not Recommended	304.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/bleachedMex/	F*ck you enough said.
♘Curse♘	Not Recommended	3,820.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198118785880/	After having 1766 hours in this game, I think it's time for me to post a review on it. Me and my friend bought the game long ago and I played a lot of it. Alone, because my friend couldn't play it, due to the poor optimalization. And now that he came back (after one and a half year) he still can play it only on very low, and with tweaked launch options. The game did not improve almost at all in this period. But it's not only about the optimalization. The same game breaking bugs are still there, after one and a half year. Falling through the texture, your dinos fall trough texture, and you lose your gear and your dinos becasue of this. I lost a 162 bred juvenile Quetzal because it just vanished, while I was standing 2 meters away (fell trough the texture when I wasn't looking). So after one and a half year, barely anything happened on optimalization and bug fixing. Now they release a 20€ paid DLC (for an early acces game, with a very much unfinished core game), while the only content people will get on the core game they bought, will be 2 dinos again, and some new engram points in the near future.I liked this game. I spent so many hours on it, and now, I just realised that my money I spent on it, it wasn't for bug fixing, optimalization or more content. It was spent on an early acces dlc for getting more money. If the developers going this way (they said there will be more ARKs like this, while the core game isn't even finished yet) I won't recommend this game to anyone. Now I'm thinking about if it EVER will be finsihed, or they will just pushing out paid content while they still enjoy early access.
Eons	Not Recommended	207.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Eons32/	Paid DLC when the game isn't finished? So you're starting to scam your fanbase now. good game, well played. ruined your company m8
yes	Not Recommended	17.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/feminismiscancer/	Copypasta Unreal Engine game based on the "ShooterGame" example with close to no custom c++ at all. Looks nice but runs really badly and is held together by ductape.
KC176	Not Recommended	698.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198008148170/	Going to have to agree with most here... for something that is not even at a full release and not stable, then charged for content that is we have to download regardless of purchase!♥♥♥♥♥♥poor job at clearly not keepign your customer base that has gotten you this far happy.  
The Halloween Ripper	Not Recommended	27.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198031729475/	This game is a giant bug fest and I'm not talking about the giant insects in the game.I wouldn't recomend this game for 15.00$ And I sure as♥♥♥♥♥♥will not recommend this game for 60.00$Instead of fixing general and glaring issues with the base game they decided to make a now 20.00$ expansion pack witch has the same glaring issues as the original.Right now the devs are just trying for a ♥♥♥♥ing cash grab with these increased prices don't fall for it wait until they finish creating a fully functional game that doesn't lag uncontrollably anytime you enter.If they ever fix the glaring issues with instability of servers, optimization and the thousands of bugs/glitches then Maybe this game would be worth 15.00$ at the Point that they fix those issues I may even pay 25.00$ but until then I wouldn't bother and I don't think you should either.
iWaitDreaming	Not Recommended	4.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/iwaitdreaming/	Why are you pushing expansions when you haven't finished the game? Crawl, walk then run.
Redmagpie93	Not Recommended	5.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Redmagpie93/	Early Access game that is far from polished, adding fixed, fun polished content as a paid expansion dearer than the average price of the base game? Can no longer recommend it... you done major fraked up guys :/
_Wolf_	Not Recommended	311.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/catsreaper/	I could play with 40 fps on high settigs 3 months ago. Now playing on low settings with 40 fps. *applause*
Crabjock	Not Recommended	227.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198114378934/	When you decide to release dlc for a game still considered incomplete, it's time to drop the "early access" label.As long as they continue to flash said "EA" label, buying DLC means you're continuing to buy the development of the game.There's a very simple solution here: Take the game out of EA.Like I said, it's obviously just a label now anyway, right? If you have the audacity to release content that cost money, on a game that is still considered unfinished, then you're only staying behind the label so you can be a moving target when it comes to criticism about the quality of the game.Doing this completely contradicts the point of early access. The devs aren't crossing the line, they've simply moved it.Anyway, being that this IS still considered early access, I have to critique it based on what it is at the time I'm doing the criticizing...Since they've decided to release a paid dlc for an unfinished game, I can't recommend the game at this time. Nothing can stop them now from releasing ALL new content as paid dlc. Will they? Probably not all of it, no. But their business model has made it possible to have the cake, and eat it too. It's way too sleazy, and I'm no longer going to be a part of it.-What happens when you buy an EA game, then dlc that is also in EA? Who knows, but it looks like we're one step closer to finding out.-
SPEARGM	Not Recommended	0.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198209313843/	bad
MikeAkaJesus	Not Recommended	10.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/MikeAkaJesus/	Early access... With an expansion pack. This explains my entire review. Make it NOT early access then work on seperate paid content. I have short hours on this account but i do own the game on another too and the xbox. Finish a game before expanding it.
Shadywack	Not Recommended	48.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/shadywack/	Paid DLC for an unfinished, terribly optimized, moribund game. What more needs said? Just don't support this developer. They're a big fat giant scam outfit.
GominolO<3G	Not Recommended	12.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/souljeh17/	Bugs, bad performance and DLC's that cost more than base game, thank you devs, you can now be compared to h1z1 :D
Xennodren	Not Recommended	585.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197988124036/	Ark Survival Evolved is a fantastic game that lets millions of players live out their childhood fantasies of living next to dinosaurs.However I can't abide by a company that thinks it's acceptable to release DLC before the core game is given on offical release. I understand that game was suppose to release in June but the time table had to be pushed back and the DLC finished when it was expected to, but Wildcard should have sat on it and polished it as they polished the main game so Scorched Earth could have been even better then it already was.
DemoDemo	Not Recommended	9.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/cultcryptik/	Paid DLC for an early access game. Makes me regret ever purchasing this
Botanica [RSA]	Not Recommended	2,264.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198117767395/	So I have nearly 1600 hours on the game and if anyone asked me what my favorite game was, I would've replied Ark Survival. I can admit that I have never been fond of the way they update the game as they don't properly test it then what follows is about 3 days of patches. This is fine if you are in a first world country with great line speed and loads of data, but here in South africa we are generally limited on both of those. However, this review is only designed to inform the users of the latest update. Basically, the Devs made flyers useless. I have, on the server we play, bred several generations of argies and focus on building their stats. With the update those stats are useless cause the stamina will run out while attack nearly any dino. Doing a metal run with a quetz will take days in-game. I don't even want to imagin the struggle of stealing a egg from wyverns on Scorched. IN MY OPINION, what the devs have done now is grab the community by the throat, tie their hands, bend them over, and shag them to death. What some authorities would call♥♥♥♥♥♥ and there wasn't even a courtesy spit. Good job Devs!
cembandit	Not Recommended	689.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197970651330/	Heavy handed nerfing of anything fun. Grindfest and impossible for a small group of friends to reach tek teir on a private server.
TheLoneBeet	Not Recommended	23.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TheLoneBeet/	I was influenced to buy this game by a friend with high hopes for what it could become. Due to the poor optimization, unbalanced gameplay and recent paid DLC for an unfinished "early access" game I cannot in good conscience recommend this game to anybody. I'd sooner refund it.
Smack	Not Recommended	23.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/375561/	A new low, releasing paid DLC while the game is still in early access. A big disappointment for such a promising game.
-={NK}=- ROCKHOUND1	Not Recommended	51.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198051566625/	They screwed the pooch. Paid DLC while still in EA is slimey.
skol600ml	Not Recommended	49.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/skol600ml/	I played a little just to find a very promising game. The game have several perfomance problems and bugs, but that is totally fine to an early access and was cheap. I put the game aside and start waiting them to finish. 14 months have passed and the game is not ready yet.Now, istead of fixing the game's problems, They were working in a paid dlc. How do you sell an expansion to a game that was not released? How can you sell a dlc more expensive than the game? The game isn't ready, the dlc is ready?Eveyone says: Don't buy early access - you ll be fooled, well, it's true.
Heady	Not Recommended	23.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Heady_/	asking 70 euros, in preparation of releasing a unoptimized piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥Late april fools joke?
Empyrean Ancestor	Not Recommended	1,546.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198168107595/	As much as I enjoyed the game, releasing a paid DLC before the full game is release is never a good business move. How hard is it to ask for the fan base for their feedback BEFORE doing any major projects. I mean, they can easily release the DLC AFTER the game release and still get the same if not more sales since this game was scheduled to be released in Q4 2016.Guess common sense isn't so common.
Tesrym	Not Recommended	11.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/tesrymplays/	Lol dlc for an early access game. ♥♥♥♥ off my pc man.
Phadjit	Not Recommended	6,404.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/phedjit/	This is going to be a long rant, because I have many feelings towards Wildcard's deveolopment process at the moment, or lack thereof. Ok, so, I bought this game back in August of last year, and have since then dumped 5,000 freaking hours into this game. Within those 5,000 hours, I have noticed an although very fun and entertaining game, a very broken and unfinished game. I'm not one to complain about optimization in a game thats still in the beta, but thats another issue. Why the ♥♥♥♥ is it still in the beta? It was supposed to be done in June and now they're saying they won't be able to finish it until December or January, and I have my doubts about that ETA based on what I've played recently. SO, overall you have an Early Access game thats been out for a year, that is still far from finished 2 months after its original intended release date, and they decided to make an expansion pack for it.Let that sink in for a second if you haven't been caught up in the news for some reason in how idiotic it sounds.You couldn't be bothered to finish a game that's noticabely gone down in profits in the last few recent months, because the popularity has begun to sink, so what you're left with as a player base is about all you're going to be getting from here on out, meaning for Studio Wildcard, no more real profit. When the game first launched I used to think these devs were the best we could ever ask for, giving us what we wanted and updating the game so often it hurt, and that was during the games prime, summer last year, where people were buying the game in the dozens and the devs had the income to want to keep updating the game, and therefore bringing in more income with the positive community feedback they were receiving due to these updates.Fast forward to a year later, updates are far and none in a game that feels almost as unfinished as it did a year ago. Sure there's some more dino's, and they've had minor optimization updates that would end up being undone in the next update, but overall it still felt unfinished, causing a lot of people to lose interest, or to download a dozen mods in hopes to bring something new to the game (Of which might I add, the mod devs for this game are amazing. For reference, The Center is a mod created map, and is exponentially more optimized than the vanilla map, which at times can be unbearable to play on, and its half the size). SO long story short, WIldcard isn't making the money they used to on the game, and I doubt they ever will, as it seems the player base that it has is about as big as it will get. So what is a company to do? Well a company truly dedicated to the product and to their fanbase would probably think "Hey, maybe we should really focus on finishing the maingame and hopefully bring it to the expectations of those who supported the product in the last year of its EA". This is not what Studio Wildcard has done. Instead, they made a map, about 10 new creatures, a few new items, took out about 3 months of development on the main game to focus on what adds up to a tenth of what is already in the main game, and released it for 2/3 of the original price of the game. Yes, a $20 Expansion Pack for an unfinished EA game that is already past its original due date. Sounds just a little ♥♥♥♥ing greedy to me. (Tl:Dr sort of) Final thoughts are, I don't really expect this game to be finished. They may release it for a full $60 price tag and release on PS4 to milk the last remaing drops of cash they can get out of this, but that doesn't mean the game will really be finished. I've been getting the dreadful feeling of the devs intentions with the game for a while now, and I was hopeful that I would be wrong, but this Expansion Pack really confirms it. I paid $30 for this game, and I put 5000 hours into it, and I feel cheated.
g0ld	Not Recommended	925.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/dl0g/	EA + paid DLC = SCAM
Empyrean Ancestor	Not Recommended	1,546.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198168107595/	As much as I enjoyed the game, releasing a paid DLC before the full game is release is never a good business move. How hard is it to ask for the fan base for their feedback BEFORE doing any major projects. I mean, they can easily release the DLC AFTER the game release and still get the same if not more sales since this game was scheduled to be released in Q4 2016.Guess common sense isn't so common.
MynameisAdam	Not Recommended	0.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/AdamtheAwesome/	They added paid content for a game that is not even finished yet, The performance is also garbage on most gaming rigs.
twitch.tv/diversegamingg	Not Recommended	592.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Diverse23/	£50 for a game that isnt optimized, thats more then a brand new title of a best selling FINISHED game. the devs need there heads looking at. probably going to a grab and run expansion.  Although I love the conept to this game, and yes the graphics are amazing (if you have 1080) if you dont get ready for down ressing your screen and playing with plastic graphics because instead of the devs buffing and ironing out the problems, they release the third badly optimized peice of ****.They dont take your opinion or your interests to the game, just the current state of there bank balance.
kurgan2	Not Recommended	1,409.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198028282770/	Was loving the game until today, despite the bugs here and there. Then out of left field we get a patch that basically spits in the face of every player who enjoyed the flying dinosaurs. Apparently, we weren't enjoying ourselves the a dev-approved manner, so they destroyed the utility of all the fliers so that we will line up like good little drones and play the way they think we should.It's a fun game, or at least it was, but a dev team that can be either this stupid or this uncaring (not sure which is worse) makes me say "Buy at your own risk".Unlike some other reviews I've seen I will _not_ change my review if they change it, because I no longer trust the dev team to not get distracted by something shiny and destroy another aspect of the game without warning.
Bishop3	Not Recommended	20.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/cronoro/	How come the DLC is paid? and is it "finished" too? hahaha
GLEEG SNAG ZIP	Not Recommended	5.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/9749/	Forever Early Access, topped with some full-price DLCs.
Cameron	Not Recommended	250.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/CCameron/	Finish your original product before releasing DLC.
Game Watch - 735	Not Recommended	578.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198055778912/	I recently had seen that there was a release of a dlc that was money costly before the game left alpha into a finished state. Well that's very disappointing to hear as it sets a bad tone for the consumer that's scratching there heads as they wonder Why buy dlc before release? Doesn't that usually mean that the game is finished and cant add anymore content as it was finished, Therefore paid dlc as a separate download would be required for there to be more content to be added to a base game that's "Finished" to have more content after Its been finished and in its completed state? meaning completely finished with met Video game development requirements of the following steps.Pre-production, High concept, Pitch, Game design document, Prototype, Production, Design, Programming, Level creation, Art production, Audio production, Testing, Milestones, First playable, Alpha, Code freeze, Beta, Code release, Gold master?From my own experience of the game I enjoyed playing it for a few hours. The game itself is good (the concept is great) but the performance is terrible. And I still find this to be a repeated unaddressed issue despite meeting the games hardware requirements to play.Some Asked something close to this. And this was just a small bit quotes of the following of many things that were from the developer's response, To a post made by a concerned consumer of the game ARK: Survival Evolved."-This isn't even beta? what game are you playing? its been beta since release, and its close to release then it is alpha.""-Wish we distributed better? we launched Xbox and steam concurrently instead of making one lag, i think you mean you wish we launch it free, because you seem to have short arms and deep pockets."From whats said above, it sounds like the game is close to finish from what the quoted words from the developer's response above sounded like. And continues bring up the questions."Is the game really finished? and if it is, Can this game be the game the consumer will support, Despite rumored issues about the game on the steam forums by consumers of this product from pre alpha to this point in time? ""Knowing this, will gamer's want to still buy the game and any downloadable content with the game knowing all this."From what we've seen from ark. Will This be the standard "Wildcard" wish's to adopt as a growing underdog developer group trying to make it as successful game developers? Will this method also be applied to any future games after, or Is this the last game they will make? So my response and review for the game built up from my own look of the games development, independent thought, self asked questions, opinion of both player's & developer's alike, and personal game play above: It's not looking good in performance and the most important part of a game that comes first in mind, Is being able to play it when you already meet the requirements.From what I can tell in the development department view. The release of the dlc before base game has even been finished to the point, performance is an issue, then that already means I simply cant even enjoy the thought of buying dlc that cant be up to par due to the base games already questionable performance running issues with already met required hardware/software, yet to be ironed and to be flattened out. Also common sense tells me that its not wise to release dlc while the game is still not finished to the point of it lacking still in the performance category, Thus still being a risky investment on my part as a consumer and terrible risky standard to suddenly pickup, as growing developers looking to aspire for greater heights.
Ultra Mango	Not Recommended	2,206.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198104321350/	This game used to be so fun, my tribe on a PVE server  had just finished raising some incredibly fast Quetz for mining and a couple Wyverns, but as soon as the latest patch went down, the "Flyer Nerf" everything was halved. The speed dropped down to 100, stamina was halved as well, and even the dino's levels were dropped down incredibly. And we got like 8 points back from it for most of my dinos. :T Now i'm gunna have to set my once great Argies and Pteras aside and turn them into ♥♥♥♥♥♥ egg layers because that's all they can do now. ♥♥♥♥ the Flyer nerf.
T.Tv/Twitch.ttv(@Twitch)	Recommended	1,634.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/MalikaPlays/	It's time I finally review ARK! I got a one day early access to this game, and ever since that day I have been ADDICTED to it!I'll start off by saying, the only way you will love this game is if you can actually play it. Currently, the optimization is fairly poor for average users. You should not expect more then 30FPS in it's current build. However, as long as you can actually play with okay frames it is amazing.It combined the feel of building from reign of kings, or rust. Combined with MMO type feel of leveling and crafting.This game is competetive! Fight other tribes, get the best dinosaurs, and be the first to get a gun and start taking over the ARK!Wether you play PvE, or PVP, this game is challenging and never gets dull.The devs update this game CONSTANTLY. They have weekly updates and new dinosaurs come out regularly too! What they have managed to pull off in such early stages in the game is incredible, it has so much content  you can spend thousands of hours playing this game and never get bored.I haven't been able to touch another game since playing this, and I don't see tha changing anytime in the near future. Grab your friends, get on a server together and start building your life up! It's so much fun!
kurgan2	Not Recommended	1,409.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198028282770/	Was loving the game until today, despite the bugs here and there. Then out of left field we get a patch that basically spits in the face of every player who enjoyed the flying dinosaurs. Apparently, we weren't enjoying ourselves the a dev-approved manner, so they destroyed the utility of all the fliers so that we will line up like good little drones and play the way they think we should.It's a fun game, or at least it was, but a dev team that can be either this stupid or this uncaring (not sure which is worse) makes me say "Buy at your own risk".Unlike some other reviews I've seen I will _not_ change my review if they change it, because I no longer trust the dev team to not get distracted by something shiny and destroy another aspect of the game without warning.
Game Watch - 735	Not Recommended	578.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198055778912/	I recently had seen that there was a release of a dlc that was money costly before the game left alpha into a finished state. Well that's very disappointing to hear as it sets a bad tone for the consumer that's scratching there heads as they wonder Why buy dlc before release? Doesn't that usually mean that the game is finished and cant add anymore content as it was finished, Therefore paid dlc as a separate download would be required for there to be more content to be added to a base game that's "Finished" to have more content after Its been finished and in its completed state? meaning completely finished with met Video game development requirements of the following steps.Pre-production, High concept, Pitch, Game design document, Prototype, Production, Design, Programming, Level creation, Art production, Audio production, Testing, Milestones, First playable, Alpha, Code freeze, Beta, Code release, Gold master?From my own experience of the game I enjoyed playing it for a few hours. The game itself is good (the concept is great) but the performance is terrible. And I still find this to be a repeated unaddressed issue despite meeting the games hardware requirements to play.Some Asked something close to this. And this was just a small bit quotes of the following of many things that were from the developer's response, To a post made by a concerned consumer of the game ARK: Survival Evolved."-This isn't even beta? what game are you playing? its been beta since release, and its close to release then it is alpha.""-Wish we distributed better? we launched Xbox and steam concurrently instead of making one lag, i think you mean you wish we launch it free, because you seem to have short arms and deep pockets."From whats said above, it sounds like the game is close to finish from what the quoted words from the developer's response above sounded like. And continues bring up the questions."Is the game really finished? and if it is, Can this game be the game the consumer will support, Despite rumored issues about the game on the steam forums by consumers of this product from pre alpha to this point in time? ""Knowing this, will gamer's want to still buy the game and any downloadable content with the game knowing all this."From what we've seen from ark. Will This be the standard "Wildcard" wish's to adopt as a growing underdog developer group trying to make it as successful game developers? Will this method also be applied to any future games after, or Is this the last game they will make? So my response and review for the game built up from my own look of the games development, independent thought, self asked questions, opinion of both player's & developer's alike, and personal game play above: It's not looking good in performance and the most important part of a game that comes first in mind, Is being able to play it when you already meet the requirements.From what I can tell in the development department view. The release of the dlc before base game has even been finished to the point, performance is an issue, then that already means I simply cant even enjoy the thought of buying dlc that cant be up to par due to the base games already questionable performance running issues with already met required hardware/software, yet to be ironed and to be flattened out. Also common sense tells me that its not wise to release dlc while the game is still not finished to the point of it lacking still in the performance category, Thus still being a risky investment on my part as a consumer and terrible risky standard to suddenly pickup, as growing developers looking to aspire for greater heights.
Bishop3	Not Recommended	20.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/cronoro/	How come the DLC is paid? and is it "finished" too? hahaha
GLEEG SNAG ZIP	Not Recommended	5.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/9749/	Forever Early Access, topped with some full-price DLCs.
Cameron	Not Recommended	250.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/CCameron/	Finish your original product before releasing DLC.
Germandude	Not Recommended	8.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Jayiplier/	doesnt work for me because of crashing 
Darth Trog	Not Recommended	6,759.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/7656119801973507250/	For many patches the direction of the game has been going has been wrong, they do not listen to player input, they listen to the play testers they have, who have a concept of how to play, and everyone else can get over it, you have already used more hours and can't get a refund.Second the New User interface is the worst,  It is such that you can not adjust the size , the result is a headache from playing the game.  If this is how the game would have started out, I could have refunded then, as it is, I have to remember the game I loved as no more.Update, simple fixes that should have been take care of months ago still have not been taken care of,  case in point single player game that is missing items to do boss fights,  something that is really easy to fix yet 100 updates later nothing.
mc_jojo3	Recommended	360.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mcjojo3/	====<Graphics>====☑ Gorgeous☐ Beautiful☐ Good☐ Fine☐ Working☐ Fail☐ Disgusting☐ MS Paint====<Gameplay>====☐ Addicting☑ Extremely Good☐ Good☐ Ok☐ Boring☐ Bad☐ Fail====<Players>====☐ Kids☑ Teens☑ Adults☐ Everyone====<Audio>====☑ Masterpiece☐ Extremely Good☐ Good☐ Decent☐ Not too bad☐ Bad☐ Earrape====<Difficulity>====☐ Dark Souls☑ Difficult☐ Not Easy☐ Easy☐ Super Easy☐ Grandpa☐ New Born====<PC>==== ☑ NASA Super Computer☐ Rich Af☐ Fast☐ Ok☐ Bad☐ 1990☐ Stone====<Grind>====☐ OnlyFarming☑ Farming☐ Half Farmer☐ Can be Grindy☐ Average☐ Almost no Grinding☐ Nothing====<Price>====☐ Buy it☐ Worth the price☑ Wait for Sale☐ If you have leftovers☐ Not Worth the price☐ To Much☐ Free====<Story>====☐ Materpiece☐ Super Good☑ Good☐ Average☐ Not Good☐ Is Something i Guess ☐ Doesn't have====<Length>====☐ Space and Time☑ Long☐ Average☐ Depends☐ Short☐ To Short====<Bugs>====☐ None☐ Almost no Bugs☐ Some Bugs ☑ Sometimes Annoying☐ Ruining the game☐ Only Bugs====<Salt Level>====☐ Salt Storage☐ Salty☑ Some Salt☐ Normal☐ Almost Nothing☐ None====<Multiplayer>====☐ Awesome☐ It's Good☑ Ok☐ Bad☐ Nope☐ None
Randomtoon	Not Recommended	51.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/randomtoon/	This is why we can't have nice things.There are crowd funded games, be it early access, kickstarter or otherwise, that actually pulled through for their customers.But seeing the current trend releasing unfinished products, like No Man's Money and now Ark: Payment Evolved, I see this model as a failure. Why finish your job when you already got paid?As long as there are no legal repercussions of scamming people out of their money without delivering on the (paid) promise, businesses (yes, it is a business, not your best friend, good ol' game maker, who wants to make you happy) will do whatever it takes to get more profit.This whole "pay in advance in hope of getting a promise"-scheme should sensiblize you: there is a reason you pay for a FINISHED product.Leave the risk investment to bankers. Make games great again.About the game: stopped playing it some time ago to wait for the fixes and finalizations that never came. Decent enough game tho, if...
ukju	Not Recommended	166.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ukju/	---Winner of over 9000 unfinished game awards.---Run the potato in SLI/XFire and the game still runs like hot cow dung."Let's add more dinos instead of maintaining game balance and/or working on the netcode!""Who gives a flying fark about cheaters?"
Fat Tony	Not Recommended	265.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/lil-fat-dude/	this used to be a really good game and the example of how early access should be done, but not not only has it stoped working correctly as of a recent update that made the game eat up all available ram till it couldnt properly save and completly freeze the computer (and for a brand new i7 and gtx 1070 its not an easy task) on game exit, they also launched an expantion at almost the same cost of the actuall game.... just... what the hell are you smoking? that isnt going to fly for most gamers. i hope that they realize theyr mistake but i dont see a way out of this without making either the people that already bought the dlc or the people wanting it but not buying it.
Tolta	Not Recommended	26.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/tolta/	DLC got released for an early access game. If that isn't enough to state how poor quality the development of the game is, just look at how buggy and unfinished the current game is to see its actual quality. Would not suggest buying it.
Darth Trog	Not Recommended	6,759.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/7656119801973507250/	For many patches the direction of the game has been going has been wrong, they do not listen to player input, they listen to the play testers they have, who have a concept of how to play, and everyone else can get over it, you have already used more hours and can't get a refund.Second the New User interface is the worst,  It is such that you can not adjust the size , the result is a headache from playing the game.  If this is how the game would have started out, I could have refunded then, as it is, I have to remember the game I loved as no more.Update, simple fixes that should have been take care of months ago still have not been taken care of,  case in point single player game that is missing items to do boss fights,  something that is really easy to fix yet 100 updates later nothing.
Claus	Not Recommended	718.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/cma1978/	THe new DLC broke my modded server completely and it seems like it's blocking he server from showing on purpose because the mods share content with the dlc, all updates are forced upon you with no way of rerolling it often leaving mods abandonded because they can't keep up with the frequent updates.I would lie if i said i haven't had my share of fun out of the game already, but until the developers start updating their broken content and not to mention broken primitive plus dlc i can not recommend this game to anyone.Should the developers finally man up, i will change my review as follows.
KomKwast	Not Recommended	632.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/shafatR/	Having played this game in Early Access (for almost a year) and having returned to this game, I believe I can give an informed opinion on the pros and cons of this game, and say whether on not it ultimately is worth the price of admission. For a short, TLDR review: No, it's not worth it.ARK: Survival Evolved is a multiplayer (though you can play it in singleplayer) sandbox survival game, where you wake up on a beach, without clothes, tools, weapons, or really anything but your fists. You go around hitting trees, hitting a dodo, picking up berries, thatch and stones, and eventually making a set of clothes and tools for yourself. From there you probably will build a base, but you can also start doing the core feature of this game which separates it from the rest of the hundreds of "early access sandbox survival games": taming dinosaurs.For the most part, you do this by hitting a dino until it goes unconcious (eventually you get tranquilizer darts, which make it much easier) and then feeding it until it is tamed. Some creatures require different methods of taming, but for the vast majority, this is how you tame creatures. In addition to taming creatures, there is the aforementioned base-building, which in turn requires resource gathering, which is made more efficient with better tools.In the multiplayer aspect of the game, you can join up with your friends (or just random people) and form a tribe, have a communal base, and together multiply the efficacy of your gathering/building/taming. You can go to war with other tribes, steal their resources, kill their dinos, hold them captive, or perhaps trade with them, maybe even ally with them. It's a decent experience, at least in theory.Here is where i actually go into what works and what doesn't. For the most part, the core gameplay loop is enjoyable. Taming new dinosaurs, and getting new equipment and tools does actually feel fun and exciting when you get them, and sometimes feels genuinely rewarding for the effort you made in making them. The game also looks pretty fantastic, and some of the creature design is pretty appealing (at least to me).That's where my praise ends though. The game, even after leaving early access, is rife with bugs, and chuggs along at an about 30 fps at high settings on a GTX 1070. The argument could be made that it is merely that graphically intensive, but i have my doubts, especially considering that the performance has not improved in a non-negligible amount since early access. As for the bugs, they are everywhere, and are frustrating to deal with. Clipping through the wall, falling out of the world, getting stuck to world objects, inexplicably dying, dinosaurs suffers issues with clipping; These bugs have persisted well past the early access stage.Those are merely the technical aspects of the game. The gameplay also has a fair few issues. Firstly, taming is one of the most gruelling feats of boredom there is. There is no nuance to it, there isn't some special skill needed to perform it; all it requires is several hours of your time babysitting an unconscious dino, protecting it from other dinos which might try to eat it. It isn't fun, and is in fact tedious and frustrating. Sure special meats and foods can speed up the process, but it still takes a ridiculous amount of time, sometimes upwards of 8 hours for an especially high level, powerful creature, which you could argue is worth it, but as someone with a job and a life, simply not feasible.The bosses are another part of the game which just feels like an additional aspect to the overall grind. They are often fairly difficult to kill, requiring high level dinos, gear, stockpiles of ammunition to take down (which granted the should they are bosses) but even so) and the rewards you get are not particularly enticing, especially for the effort you put in to killing them. The bosses aren't even fun to fight, it's merely a check of the strength of your gear and dinos, not really requiring any actual skill or planning.Experience points is another thing which feels out of place for this game. Gateing blueprints for construction behind levels seems like a sound idea at first, letting players learn and use the lower tier equipment first before moving on to bigger and better things. However the progression through levels becomes exponentially slow, and artificial. The RPG mechanics do not really add to the game, and seem to be there as another aspect of grind.Similarly, the material cost for some items is a little bit too expensive, often requiring 10's of thousands of a type of material, which comes in clumps if 10-20 in a node, and then needs to be refined further, taking about 10-20 seconds to become refined. this means some items take weeks, or even months of just gathering materials to build, and is almost as a big a waste of time as the taming parts of the game.And we haven't even touched on the multiplayer aspect of the game. Other people in the official servers WILL wipe you and your base of the island, unless you joined a bigger established crew. There isn't any possibility of actually going of on your own (other than perhaps the handful of servers which have player imposed rules against it, but they are few and far between) and it is a far better experience to play on an unofficial server, as people playing in such servers tend not to be as aggressive, and actually allow you to build up (well, generally). Unofficial servers also alleviate the other problems of the game, by increasing the multipliers for tame times, gather rates and xp progression. Ultimately, ARK Survival Evolved is a game hampered by Performance issues and a platitude of bugs, as well as having grinding be the core of the game. While there is some aspect of "story" and progression, it is ultimately hampered by the ridiculous grind which accompanies it. 
WOAH	Not Recommended	1,655.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198046038316/	Massive biome update. huge clear cut line that says you live here youre doomed, or you live here youre safe. spent 50 plus hours with 3 people moving half of my base well into the green side of the the line. the "safe" zone. update hit and my base was replaced with a MASSIVE rock that was never announced. but the best is the second part..--->I got banned for no reason during a massive raid. wasnt even on the server for longer than 15 minutes. the lagg was so bad that i went back to my home server and went about my business. logged in the next day and was globally banned. customer support wont tell me why im banned and jat ignored my email. 1800 hours just to get banned for no reason. however not everyone in the tribe got banned. sooooooo why was i banned. i can not recommend this game in its current state. dupers, cheaters, hackers, devs. you will get destroyed somehow and it most likely wont be by a legitimate player. battle eye does not work, and when something happens the devs wont listen. if the do listen, they wont help. theyre flooded up to their necks with problems and negative reviews. and its all reasons like this.
Camarones	Not Recommended	547.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197999177136/	Wow, $60 for an Early Access game? An arbitrary $30 price hike for no reason? Paid DLC for an unfinished main product? This is a perfect example of coprorate greed. If you're stumbling upon this game now, then I'm sorry...you missed the boat. What once had a lot of promise has been reduced to last ditch effort of a money grab. If you're reading this, do NOT buy this game. A message has to be sent to these developers that if they have shady businesses practices, then it WILL affect their sales. Purchasing this game will only vindicate and validate their actions...Ark: Survival Evolved is like the video game equivalent to dating a model. Beautiful, exciting. There's some drama at first...a little high maintenance. But hey, you're dating a model. Just think what your friends will think! You propose marriage, and she accepts, despite not being satisfied with the size of the ring. You go where SHE wants to go on the honeymoon. You buy the house SHE wants to buy. Then the novelty of being married to a model starts to wear off...She starts to blow all of your money on Gucci shoes and Louis Vuitton purses. She starts to put on weight. She begins to make outrages claims, like she "invented the question mark". You continue to put up with her crap, despite her being an overweight, dramatic, bossy leach. And then one day she leaves you...broke, frustrated, angry, and 450 hours that you'll never get back poorer. ------------------------------------------------------PRIOR REVIEW------------------------------------------------I want to recommend this game so bad. I really do...But, it's intolerable. It will push you to the brink of frustration, and not for the right reasons. I've played over 60 hours, and probably another 60 on my friends account.I can deal with the optimization problems. It's in early access. They're working hard on it. I can be patient with that...I can deal with bugs, and falling through the world, drowning in a bottomless ocean as my newly tamed Carno dies...I can deal with taming a new Dino for hours, only to disconnect and have him eaten while logging back in...I can deal with my body (full of awesome gear and materials) bugging out, and not letting me retrieve my stuff...I can deal with all of that. It's tolerable. I love the challenge an unforgiving game poses. What I can't deal with, and which is why I'm writing this review, is the fact that this persistent world is literally a griefers paradise. Literally days of hard work and frustration (although satisfying frustration) will, not can, will be flushed down the drain...it's an innevitability. Once your base is discovered, you're done. That Bronto that took you 4 hours to tame? Gone. Those Raptors you loved and nurtured since lvl 1? Dead. Those Pterasaurs you painstakingly nursed back to life, and love soaring the island of Ark? Hopefully they booked it at the first sign of trouble. Yes, everything you've worked hard for can and will be destroyed, killed, and looted...while you're sleeping ever so peacefully in your bed. It's not fun. It's a great idea. Kudos to the developers for such an awesome game, and so many great ideas...but it simply doesn't work this way. People are jerks. People ruin good ideas. People ruin everything. It's why rainforests have to be preserved, and beautiful paintings have to be locked away behind glass. Yes, the first few days, you'll laugh it off. You'll shrug, and think "Man, this game is unforgiving...but it's awesome! I'll keep leveling up, and getting better!" You'll feel the highs of accomplishment. You'll feel on top. You'll feel motivated, and set goals...And you WILL be utterly disappointed.Please fix this game. It's so close to being one of the best games I've ever played...I just can't recommend this game to anyone with a clean conscience.-----------------------------------------UPDATE------------------------------------------I told myself I wasn't going to reply to any of these comments, for obvious reasons, but I'll address my feelings on some of the common points being made.1) Go player Local/PVE server (insert offensive word here).-Unfortunately, that's what I've been doing. It's not nearly as fun as a PvP server, and I am having to downgrade my playing experience due to the issues mentioned in my Review. I happen to enjoy playing PvP, and like the idea of having to defend my dinosaurs and my base...but, in real time. Waking up after taming/building the entire day before, and seeing that everything has been destroyed/killed/looted while I was sleeping is not enjoyable. I'm not a masochist. I don't enjoy self-inflicted pain.My review was intended to, as unlikely as it may be, prompt some kind of change to an aspect of the game that I don't enjoy. I paid the same price that all of you paid. I feel I shouldn't have to downgrade my playing experience, playing an aspect I don't enjoy as much. That's like, for example, I'm playing baseball but the pitcher keeps throwing the ball at my head while I'm batting..."Uhm, hey! Can you please not throw the ball at my head? I want to bat", and then the pitcher and the rest of the opposing team replies "Shuttup noob. Go play T-Ball if you don't like it!" 2) But you're still playing the game! You're a hypocrite...- Again, I enjoy the game. I mentioned in my review how much I enjoyed the game. I like PVP much more than I like PVE (which I'm currently playing). I do not enjoy PVO (player vs Offline) at all, which is extremely prevalent in PVP servers. 3) If you enjoy the game, why did you give it a negative review?- There's an old saying that goes "the squeeky wheel gets the grease." That basically means, if we want to enact a change, we need to squeek a little. Unfortunately, there are only two options...Recommend or Not Recommend. If an individual were to read my review, and doesn't want to experience the same issues, then they would be able to save themselves $30. People often check Negative reviews for the, obviously, negative aspects of a game. You can only learn so much from a review about how great it is to be able to poop in the game...
Kikinaak	Not Recommended	675.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198050670849/	Greedy apathetic devs, toxic playerbase, buggy game.I wanted to love this game, graphically it is beautiful and come on, survival, building, crafting, and freaking dinosaurs! And things just get better and easier, all around more practical to hook up in a tribe with friends. On paper, whats not to love?In the wild, it turns out, a lot. Both the client and the server recieve several updates per day. None of them have patch notes. They are a bandwidth consuming annoyance, and I can only conclude they are being pushed to test new tweaks as they are made, as opposed to in-house testing. Despite these constant updates, the game remains an unoptimized mess with memory leaks, lag, and crashes.The game started off with great potential and a great feel to it. Then what I can only diplomatically call "questionable" design decisions were made, giving players the ability to trap, bind, and cage others indefinitely with no means of escape. Your captor can force feed your character food and drink, keeping them alive and bound forever. The public servers already had all the player types drawn to open world pvp mmos, in other words roving gank gangs. But these additions take griefing to a whole new level, considering how much time and work is spent in developing a character you can then be locked out of by some punk kid with more free time than you. Requests to make these "features" optional on dedicated servers have been openly mocked on the forums. Additionally, taming and breeding dinosaurs are a big part of the game, requiring many, many hours of time investment. This can all be undone by a single player flying in on an airborne mount with a suicide bomb (yes the game mechanics allow for this) and making short work of your livestock. You lose your work, they respawn.Then they go and turn their efforts to making paid dlc, while the base game is still in development. Thats right kids, you paid for early access, thats what you got, and thats all you will ever get, because the devs have literally stopped working on the base game to the expansion they are milking you for more money with, and are outright encouraging a playerbase that will hunt and kill you while destroying everything you work to achieve.Bottom line: avoid like the plague it is and pray it keeps its playerbase too occupied to spread elsewhere.
Phat Phred	Not Recommended	129.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197960390718/	The game is in early access but already has a $20 "expansion pack". Maybe I misunderstood the concept of early access, but if your game isn't feature complete then why are new ones being sold as an expansion?
La Crocs	Not Recommended	24.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/theofficialspecialk/	I enjoy the game but can't support paid DLC before the base game is even finished. This is a horrible move.
<HANDUMF>	Not Recommended	25.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198015791399/	We the players, invest in early access games so the developer can put all it's energy and hard work to make the game complete and great for all of us. The developer can't put aside his 100% efforts and focus on a DLC before finishing the vanilla first. This act shows us that the developer only cares about sucking more $ from players rather than delivering a finished vanilla game. This is a real shame!
Spooky_Black	Not Recommended	41.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198069491328/	"Get involved with this early access game while it develops ______ !" A). Paid DLC B). An unoptimized mess C). ....Wait is there seriously DLC for an Early Access game?>D). All of the above 
gwdarkside	Not Recommended	4,822.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198123434074/	4K hours in game and all as a pve player and until last update was enjoying the game.....as of now this is deffo not a pve or solo player game....pvp is main focus for in game nerfs and buffs which on the whole are workable within the solo/pve framework but the flyer nerf is totally without thought or insight. I nstead of giving flyers specific roles they have made them pretty much redundant....it is beyond me why the developers would want to make this change....i have recommended this game to many on previous merits and praised it highly .As of now I would not recommend it to pve or solo players and would caution pvp players going in without a group of friends
qq	Not Recommended	2,095.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/etniez/	Patch 256 ruined the game.If u had fun using flyers, you wont have fun anymore.A few things to mind:- You cant steal wyvern eggs anymore, cause nothing expect a wyvern is fast enough and a wyvern doesnt have enough stamina.- A wild quetzal will outrun you pretty hard, if you try to tame it.- Pteras are now that slow that a Phioma can outrun it.
Slipform	Not Recommended	26.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198139578395/	My friends and I have loved this game and even played through the BS DLC paywall junk they pulled last year. But tonight, that all changed. Be it by stupid April Fools Joke or just utter moronic nonsense, the devs patched the game to make all the efforts and investment worthless. Flying? Underwater speed? Intuitive Interface? All gone. Replaced with a jumble of non functioning junk and we are now stuck on a island where we can't fly off of since they eliminated flying speed and increased stamina usage to appease a small group of whiners, even though we play on a pve non-dedicated. Also any attempts to take the raft off the island are meet with destruction of our ships thanks to the new anti-raft dinos. Congrats, you ruined the game. If there is not a complete roll back, we are all out and moving to the many other survival games on Steam
Sarah ♥	Not Recommended	2,278.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198302389816/	Not worth it
IlluZion	Not Recommended	2,880.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197961121348/	Fixing what's not broken, but the bad bugs are here to stay.Just look at my hours on record. I know what i am talking about.I'm not sure i'll keep playing.Breeds and tames nerfed without warning. And this will go on... All they did is making the game able to sell to casual gamers. If that is what they want...
123	Not Recommended	9,270.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Jaberwolky/	This game was great, my favorite game of all time.  The nerf's that were introduced in the 256v have no real positive aspect.  Regardless of the reasoning for this excessive nerf to flyers, I don't see how making them completely useless fixed anything.  Not that an explination has even been given.  1000's of in game hours breeding birds to have higher stam, lvl's, speed has all been deleted.  Some ppl have contended that it was to prevent large tribes from raiding/griefing, I.E. suicide wyvern's and quetzals parked above bases dropping cluster grenades, Simple, Remove c4 from dragon's and nerf cluster? For those of us that don't travel around ruining other tribes gameplay, this nerf ruined our gameplay.  And rumor has it that the ppl who do travel around ruining other server's had birds uploaded to the ark and didn't get nerfed, so now the normal players are at the mercy of super OP tribes with un nerfed bird's.  Nothing accomplished by this nerf,  Solo play has been eleminated, Countless hours of gameplay wiped.  My opinion is that until the company realizes that wiping away the time and effort of players to combat problems better resolved by removing items or ability's of items, steer clear of this game.
stonehide371	Not Recommended	1,553.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198027512732/	As of this writing, I have, according to steam, 1272 hours into the game.  I've been playing for a little over a year as often as I have free time after work every day.  When the Scorched Earth expansion came out, I went to the server NA-ScorchedEarth782 and never looked back, until about an hour ago after discovering how utterly stupid the team working on this game must actually be.  Read on, for it is in fact very significant, as it heralds the probable doom of the game with people making such poor decisions at the helm.  I would whole-heartedly recommend a change in leadership.Before I get into the specifics of that, though, I will say that the game is very pretty, the concept is limitless in its potential, and overall, it is a game I have very much enjoyed playing.  It is, however, like having another job, if you play on an official server.  You have to keep your creatures fed and protected, as well as protect all of your other belongings, which requires a good deal of grinding resource harvesting to make defensive structures and automated turret defenses and ammunition.  This is not as much of a problem if you have a moderate-sized tribe to spread out the work load, but I have been solo this whole time, and have felt the pain.  Again, though, I feel they have, in spite of making several mistakes along the way, created a pretty good game.The "stupidity" part of which I speak is quite significant.  I had given the Ark team the benefit of the doubt until now, watching them make mistakes I felt were obvious, but thinking, "Perhaps they see something that I do not, or know something I do not fully understand."  Now, I'm sure that my instincts were correct with the latest blunder.I have just learned that they announced in the past 24 hours that in 5 days, the game will launch officially.  Upon that day, ~33% of the official servers will be deleted for low populations.  This was something I always heard would most definitely *never* happen on OFFICIAL servers, because it would make an insurmountable amount of people very unhappy that their months (or in some cases, years) of work would suddenly vanish, not from the natural course of the game mechanics (i.e., being raided), but from the Ark development team itself taking deleting the server you plau on.  This was something, it was said, that very well could happen on UNOFFICIAL servers, because they are privately owned, and individuals can do whatever they please with their own machine.And, now it's happening.  It is worth noting that it is possible to move to a server which is NOT going to be deleted.  Only items and creatures can be moved, though, and with probably around 100 creatures and scores of turrets, bullets, and equipment to move, it is not a task which can be done in 5 days by one person - for even a small tribe, this might be plausible, but as a solo player, it's a death sentence. Bear in mind, again, that only items and creatures can be transferred, so if you're moving, you have to also spend significant hours grinding resource harvesting to build up placed to put all of your items and house your creatures, all the while on a PvP server trying not to be annihilated by anyone with a head start on you.It's also worth noting, however, that the servers not being deleted are to be part of a new class of servers deemed "Legacy" servers.  These servers will not be able to transfer items, creatures, or characters to any new servers.  So, basically, if you want to keep your stuff, you cannot play with any new players.Furthermore, on these "Legacy" servers, the development team is going to stop offering customer support.  Seriously, do they consult a 10-year-old wannabe gang banger for these policies?..."Right, so we're going to 'officially' release the game, soon.  Nothing very significant is going to change about the game, but it has to look like a big deal.  So, let's destroy the work of our most loyal, long-time customers, and while we're at it, let's make sure we don't offer them any kind of assistance anymore.  So yeah, take down a bunch of servers, then re-launch them as 'new' servers.  Now, snack time!"...Oh, yeah:  the servers they're taking down are low population... but they're going to be re-launched as 'new' servers.  This is the definition of asinine.  They could just leave the servers alone, "launch" the game "officially," and let new players populate the low population servers.  What a waste.Now, the game has been in "early access" for two years.  This is another meaningless title.  What really happens with "early access" games is that when they are released as "early access," they are really just a game, like any other, that has been released *way too early*.  Later, as they improve it, they give an "official release" and try to make a bunch more money.  It means nothing.  The game is two years old.  With leadership like it has currently, it is very likely to disappoint not far down the road, even in spite of the good things about it.  Generally a good concept, good graphics, good feel, sometimes the gameplay or 'meta' is a bit "iffy", because beneath it all, the guys controlling the puppet should be doing some other job, and as we all know, you can only polish a turd so much - it's still a turd.I hereby state here, unofficially, that I 99% do not recommend spending time or money on this game.OK, now, I'd like to state here, officially, that I 99% do not recommend spending time or money on this game.
PerfectM3rc	Not Recommended	5.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198078030970/	Tho i like this game and i normally would recommend it. I just wrap my head around this whole dlc thing costing money while the game is still in early access. I feel like since its early access that, that dlc should be free? now if said game was complete by all means charge for dlc. I dont support this type of business. If I could refund I would.If i could gift It. i would.
Algorhythmz	Not Recommended	3,793.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Algorhythmz/	After over 2000 hours playing this game, I can say with 100% certainty that this developer's skill set is lacking both in prioritizing AND business practices. If it were not bad enough that any and all optimization and promised functionality were flatly ignored (memory leaks, 30 second lag spikes every 15 minutes on official servers, no progress made on directX 12 or truesky) now they have chosen to release a paid DLC to their UNFINISHED GAME.Quoth Steam's own Early Access Rules:"4. Monetization: No additional paid content to be offered during the Early Access period, unless the game is Free To Play. If additional paid content not included in the base game price will be offered at some point, plans are to be disclosed at Early Access launch."The bugs and glitches that were once excusable are now egregiously and blatantly unaddressed. It was almost charming at one point to be part of the imagined process, working around those flaws as we awaited fixes and optimizations THAT NEVER ARRIVED. Why not? Because they're busy trying to make their $40 million back, working on superfluous BS to make a buck when they should be sticking to the repair of their BROKEN GAME.There is literally NO POLISH to this game whatsoever, and we're expected to pay 20$ for a very small DLC that costs more than the game itself during it's nearly bi-weekly sale at 40% off for $17.99 ????Utterly ridiculous. NO, I won't be buying this POS. Get your act together wildcard. The commonly held opinon by virtually every player I've met in game is that "They already have our money, they don't give a Flock about us". Seems like we were right.Maybe I'll change this review at some point in the future if they ever address ALL of these issues satisfactorily, but I highly doubt it.Update: Look at those approval ratings fall lol. It goes to show you that reviews DO help.In a couple days the ratings for Ark have gone from 58% of 4,462 reviews in the last 30 days being positive (which in and of itself is terrible and indicative of their poor choices this past month) to a shining 37% of 8,136 reviews being positive.Are you paying attention yet Wildcard?EDIT: 1 year later, no, they are not paying attention yet.♥♥♥♥♥♥developer that doesn't gaf about it's player base. Probably the worst example I can think of. I guess that's what you get when your arrogant♥♥♥♥♥loses a 60 million dollar lawsuit for a deliberate breach of a non-compete contract.Dicksplash.
Franc	Not Recommended	3,539.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197998710098/	This was nice game in the begining with this space program everithing worth playing is gone.
Joker	Not Recommended	377.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198165253383/	I used to love this game after logging in after the new update to find the hud and the inability to upgrade a flying dino's speed. I have decided that ark is a game i would no longer like to play. There was no reason to change the hud or nurf the birds. Great job dev's you just♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥a good majority of your player base off. At this time untill this patch is reverted i will no longer dedicate hours to this game. The dev's have now lost another player to there lack of caring and doing what they want. #MAKEARKGREATAGAIN
ViRuS	Not Recommended	1,109.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/lvirusl/	Dev's have abandoned this game and decided to destroy its own player base along with 2 years worth of their work. The dev's do not care about what you have done. For the entire development period they continued to not listen to thier community and continued to harm the game and it's health. Do no bother buying anything developed by WC their failures  are well documented. Save yourself the pain and pass on this game.
Sol	Not Recommended	950.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SinzOfTheGods/	Last update was a core game changer and was made in favor of one half of the community of gamers and the other half are really upset.The devs told us they'd adjust the update based on feedback.I left a comment on the forum with my opinion and suggestions which was resonable and in no way an attack on the devs or the game.I got blocked from the forum for my comment.Left me feeling like they don't care about my opinion don't want it spread more.Devs who wont even let their customers and fans discuss their game in ways they dislike?That's completely disrespectful, unreasonable and unfair.....If you want the devs to consider every player and an input on early access game don't buy this game.
Slipform	Not Recommended	26.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198139578395/	My friends and I have loved this game and even played through the BS DLC paywall junk they pulled last year. But tonight, that all changed. Be it by stupid April Fools Joke or just utter moronic nonsense, the devs patched the game to make all the efforts and investment worthless. Flying? Underwater speed? Intuitive Interface? All gone. Replaced with a jumble of non functioning junk and we are now stuck on a island where we can't fly off of since they eliminated flying speed and increased stamina usage to appease a small group of whiners, even though we play on a pve non-dedicated. Also any attempts to take the raft off the island are meet with destruction of our ships thanks to the new anti-raft dinos. Congrats, you ruined the game. If there is not a complete roll back, we are all out and moving to the many other survival games on Steam
Sarah ♥	Not Recommended	2,278.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198302389816/	Not worth it
IlluZion	Not Recommended	2,880.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197961121348/	Fixing what's not broken, but the bad bugs are here to stay.Just look at my hours on record. I know what i am talking about.I'm not sure i'll keep playing.Breeds and tames nerfed without warning. And this will go on... All they did is making the game able to sell to casual gamers. If that is what they want...
123	Not Recommended	9,270.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Jaberwolky/	This game was great, my favorite game of all time.  The nerf's that were introduced in the 256v have no real positive aspect.  Regardless of the reasoning for this excessive nerf to flyers, I don't see how making them completely useless fixed anything.  Not that an explination has even been given.  1000's of in game hours breeding birds to have higher stam, lvl's, speed has all been deleted.  Some ppl have contended that it was to prevent large tribes from raiding/griefing, I.E. suicide wyvern's and quetzals parked above bases dropping cluster grenades, Simple, Remove c4 from dragon's and nerf cluster? For those of us that don't travel around ruining other tribes gameplay, this nerf ruined our gameplay.  And rumor has it that the ppl who do travel around ruining other server's had birds uploaded to the ark and didn't get nerfed, so now the normal players are at the mercy of super OP tribes with un nerfed bird's.  Nothing accomplished by this nerf,  Solo play has been eleminated, Countless hours of gameplay wiped.  My opinion is that until the company realizes that wiping away the time and effort of players to combat problems better resolved by removing items or ability's of items, steer clear of this game.
123	Not Recommended	9,270.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Jaberwolky/	This game was great, my favorite game of all time.  The nerf's that were introduced in the 256v have no real positive aspect.  Regardless of the reasoning for this excessive nerf to flyers, I don't see how making them completely useless fixed anything.  Not that an explination has even been given.  1000's of in game hours breeding birds to have higher stam, lvl's, speed has all been deleted.  Some ppl have contended that it was to prevent large tribes from raiding/griefing, I.E. suicide wyvern's and quetzals parked above bases dropping cluster grenades, Simple, Remove c4 from dragon's and nerf cluster? For those of us that don't travel around ruining other tribes gameplay, this nerf ruined our gameplay.  And rumor has it that the ppl who do travel around ruining other server's had birds uploaded to the ark and didn't get nerfed, so now the normal players are at the mercy of super OP tribes with un nerfed bird's.  Nothing accomplished by this nerf,  Solo play has been eleminated, Countless hours of gameplay wiped.  My opinion is that until the company realizes that wiping away the time and effort of players to combat problems better resolved by removing items or ability's of items, steer clear of this game.
Sol	Not Recommended	950.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SinzOfTheGods/	Last update was a core game changer and was made in favor of one half of the community of gamers and the other half are really upset.The devs told us they'd adjust the update based on feedback.I left a comment on the forum with my opinion and suggestions which was resonable and in no way an attack on the devs or the game.I got blocked from the forum for my comment.Left me feeling like they don't care about my opinion don't want it spread more.Devs who wont even let their customers and fans discuss their game in ways they dislike?That's completely disrespectful, unreasonable and unfair.....If you want the devs to consider every player and an input on early access game don't buy this game.
gwdarkside	Not Recommended	4,822.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198123434074/	4K hours in game and all as a pve player and until last update was enjoying the game.....as of now this is deffo not a pve or solo player game....pvp is main focus for in game nerfs and buffs which on the whole are workable within the solo/pve framework but the flyer nerf is totally without thought or insight. I nstead of giving flyers specific roles they have made them pretty much redundant....it is beyond me why the developers would want to make this change....i have recommended this game to many on previous merits and praised it highly .As of now I would not recommend it to pve or solo players and would caution pvp players going in without a group of friends
qq	Not Recommended	2,095.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/etniez/	Patch 256 ruined the game.If u had fun using flyers, you wont have fun anymore.A few things to mind:- You cant steal wyvern eggs anymore, cause nothing expect a wyvern is fast enough and a wyvern doesnt have enough stamina.- A wild quetzal will outrun you pretty hard, if you try to tame it.- Pteras are now that slow that a Phioma can outrun it.
Kikinaak	Not Recommended	675.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198050670849/	Greedy apathetic devs, toxic playerbase, buggy game.I wanted to love this game, graphically it is beautiful and come on, survival, building, crafting, and freaking dinosaurs! And things just get better and easier, all around more practical to hook up in a tribe with friends. On paper, whats not to love?In the wild, it turns out, a lot. Both the client and the server recieve several updates per day. None of them have patch notes. They are a bandwidth consuming annoyance, and I can only conclude they are being pushed to test new tweaks as they are made, as opposed to in-house testing. Despite these constant updates, the game remains an unoptimized mess with memory leaks, lag, and crashes.The game started off with great potential and a great feel to it. Then what I can only diplomatically call "questionable" design decisions were made, giving players the ability to trap, bind, and cage others indefinitely with no means of escape. Your captor can force feed your character food and drink, keeping them alive and bound forever. The public servers already had all the player types drawn to open world pvp mmos, in other words roving gank gangs. But these additions take griefing to a whole new level, considering how much time and work is spent in developing a character you can then be locked out of by some punk kid with more free time than you. Requests to make these "features" optional on dedicated servers have been openly mocked on the forums. Additionally, taming and breeding dinosaurs are a big part of the game, requiring many, many hours of time investment. This can all be undone by a single player flying in on an airborne mount with a suicide bomb (yes the game mechanics allow for this) and making short work of your livestock. You lose your work, they respawn.Then they go and turn their efforts to making paid dlc, while the base game is still in development. Thats right kids, you paid for early access, thats what you got, and thats all you will ever get, because the devs have literally stopped working on the base game to the expansion they are milking you for more money with, and are outright encouraging a playerbase that will hunt and kill you while destroying everything you work to achieve.Bottom line: avoid like the plague it is and pray it keeps its playerbase too occupied to spread elsewhere.
La Crocs	Not Recommended	24.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/theofficialspecialk/	I enjoy the game but can't support paid DLC before the base game is even finished. This is a horrible move.
<HANDUMF>	Not Recommended	25.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198015791399/	We the players, invest in early access games so the developer can put all it's energy and hard work to make the game complete and great for all of us. The developer can't put aside his 100% efforts and focus on a DLC before finishing the vanilla first. This act shows us that the developer only cares about sucking more $ from players rather than delivering a finished vanilla game. This is a real shame!
Spooky_Black	Not Recommended	41.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198069491328/	"Get involved with this early access game while it develops ______ !" A). Paid DLC B). An unoptimized mess C). ....Wait is there seriously DLC for an Early Access game?>D). All of the above 
P4R4TRiX	Recommended	69.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/P4R4TRiX/	After "only" 60 Hours i must say Ark: Survival Evolved is a relly nice game. !!!BEFORE YOU BUY!!!You need to invest some time in the game.Get yourself some friends to play.Everything is better with mods.Prepare your Discspace to be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Don't buy it off steam unless it's on sale.The game really needs a beast PC to run fluid on MAX. settings.So get some friends to buy the game, rent a server and have fun.You can customize almost everything in the server setting, based on your preferences. 
merksamer	Not Recommended	2,802.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198067585171/	PATCH 256 COMPLETELY RUINED THIS GAME!  I have over 1000 hours playing and I'm ready to uninstall over this flyer nerf ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.  Flyers need speed. End of story.  Roll this abomination back or keep losing players.
PerfectM3rc	Not Recommended	5.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198078030970/	Tho i like this game and i normally would recommend it. I just wrap my head around this whole dlc thing costing money while the game is still in early access. I feel like since its early access that, that dlc should be free? now if said game was complete by all means charge for dlc. I dont support this type of business. If I could refund I would.If i could gift It. i would.
Algorhythmz	Not Recommended	3,793.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Algorhythmz/	After over 2000 hours playing this game, I can say with 100% certainty that this developer's skill set is lacking both in prioritizing AND business practices. If it were not bad enough that any and all optimization and promised functionality were flatly ignored (memory leaks, 30 second lag spikes every 15 minutes on official servers, no progress made on directX 12 or truesky) now they have chosen to release a paid DLC to their UNFINISHED GAME.Quoth Steam's own Early Access Rules:"4. Monetization: No additional paid content to be offered during the Early Access period, unless the game is Free To Play. If additional paid content not included in the base game price will be offered at some point, plans are to be disclosed at Early Access launch."The bugs and glitches that were once excusable are now egregiously and blatantly unaddressed. It was almost charming at one point to be part of the imagined process, working around those flaws as we awaited fixes and optimizations THAT NEVER ARRIVED. Why not? Because they're busy trying to make their $40 million back, working on superfluous BS to make a buck when they should be sticking to the repair of their BROKEN GAME.There is literally NO POLISH to this game whatsoever, and we're expected to pay 20$ for a very small DLC that costs more than the game itself during it's nearly bi-weekly sale at 40% off for $17.99 ????Utterly ridiculous. NO, I won't be buying this POS. Get your act together wildcard. The commonly held opinon by virtually every player I've met in game is that "They already have our money, they don't give a Flock about us". Seems like we were right.Maybe I'll change this review at some point in the future if they ever address ALL of these issues satisfactorily, but I highly doubt it.Update: Look at those approval ratings fall lol. It goes to show you that reviews DO help.In a couple days the ratings for Ark have gone from 58% of 4,462 reviews in the last 30 days being positive (which in and of itself is terrible and indicative of their poor choices this past month) to a shining 37% of 8,136 reviews being positive.Are you paying attention yet Wildcard?EDIT: 1 year later, no, they are not paying attention yet.♥♥♥♥♥♥developer that doesn't gaf about it's player base. Probably the worst example I can think of. I guess that's what you get when your arrogant♥♥♥♥♥loses a 60 million dollar lawsuit for a deliberate breach of a non-compete contract.Dicksplash.
ramenftw	Not Recommended	1,542.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198093308404/	Sudden and massive game-changes, resulting in hundreds of hours of progress to be lost for a significant portion of the player-base, are not really the best sollution for toxic exploits used by a few.
RepresentTexas	Not Recommended	1,445.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198045992515/	Ark has been laid to rest with patch V256. All flyers nerfed. Not worth buying at this point since all alpha tribes will build at resource areas and all other land is pointless. Game turned into so much fo a grind game that you would have more fun literally playing anything else. Not worth the $9 sale price at this point. RIP Ark.
Franc	Not Recommended	3,539.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197998710098/	This was nice game in the begining with this space program everithing worth playing is gone.
Joker	Not Recommended	377.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198165253383/	I used to love this game after logging in after the new update to find the hud and the inability to upgrade a flying dino's speed. I have decided that ark is a game i would no longer like to play. There was no reason to change the hud or nurf the birds. Great job dev's you just♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥a good majority of your player base off. At this time untill this patch is reverted i will no longer dedicate hours to this game. The dev's have now lost another player to there lack of caring and doing what they want. #MAKEARKGREATAGAIN
SirNezi	Not Recommended	37.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198113565289/	Paid DLC for an early access game. Really.  
Krombopulos Michael	Not Recommended	18.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/theamazingmacgyver/	They released paid DLC for a game that isn't even finished, it's basically a middle finger to its current gamer base.
ViRuS	Not Recommended	1,109.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/lvirusl/	Dev's have abandoned this game and decided to destroy its own player base along with 2 years worth of their work. The dev's do not care about what you have done. For the entire development period they continued to not listen to thier community and continued to harm the game and it's health. Do no bother buying anything developed by WC their failures  are well documented. Save yourself the pain and pass on this game.
Sol	Not Recommended	950.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SinzOfTheGods/	Last update was a core game changer and was made in favor of one half of the community of gamers and the other half are really upset.The devs told us they'd adjust the update based on feedback.I left a comment on the forum with my opinion and suggestions which was resonable and in no way an attack on the devs or the game.I got blocked from the forum for my comment.Left me feeling like they don't care about my opinion don't want it spread more.Devs who wont even let their customers and fans discuss their game in ways they dislike?That's completely disrespectful, unreasonable and unfair.....If you want the devs to consider every player and an input on early access game don't buy this game.
Brizzen	Not Recommended	2,493.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198071696724/	Game was headed in the right direction until this last patch. They destroyed the Menu UI and nuked the flyers.  Would not recommend this game now until they restore the UI and Flyers.
Odyssey	Not Recommended	1,036.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197976532916/	Even if the DLC was free, I'd be questioning why so much work was being invested into it rather than the core game.I'm just disappointed to see Wildcard studios take this sort of a direction and I couldn't possibly recommend this game anymore. Players who bought/supported the game from the beginning should have received this DLC as a thank you.
I_Shoot_Back	Not Recommended	765.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198006490901/	This game was fun and had lots of elements to keep you entertained for a very long time,no matter what kind of game play your into. This latest patch has DESTROYED the game. All the breeding up to a decent dino is now useless. No point in breeding birds any more,don't even think about trying to tame a dragon. Don't buy the game and don't buy the DLC as scorched is now unplayable. The only thing that can fix this is a roll back,and they better do it fast as everybody is walking way now. Too bad,it had such potential.
Orcling	Not Recommended	1,934.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Orcling/	Poorly thought out "patches". Blanket nerfs that make the game unplayable. Massive gamebreaking glitches that make them roll back their servers multiple days.I wouldn't recommend buying this right now.
Talf	Not Recommended	602.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/squall_1986/	So I bought abberation last night. I started in the zone listed as 'easiest'. Well, that zone has no water directly nearby and it was quite warm there so I got thirsty fast. Went looking for water - I encountered a lot of raptors when I tried to leave the giant ship wreck or whatever it is. I walked into some mushrooms by mistake and nearly died from that. I picked some mushrooms and one of them is called "aqua" and says that it quenches your thirst. It does no such thing. I think finally the 3rd zone I found that is still listed as 'easy' had a lake very close by. But in that lake there are spino's. So I don't really recommend this for new players haha. I have stopped playing ARK for nearly 2 months now and my pc has been running smooth in all my games. I played Abberation for 10-20 minutes and my PC locked up and I have to hold the power button to shut it off. In short: FIX YOUR S#!T WILDCARD!!  Not that I expect them to, but it would be nice :D
twitch.tv/inhuman	Not Recommended	9.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198218563615/	Several years of waiting for full release, only to see that none of the original problems have been fixed. All the devs cared about were DLC and apparently tripling the original price of the game on release. Do not buy.
Jon Bon	Recommended	3,311.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198001861586/	This review is regarding gameplay/genre expectations for ARK: Survival Evolved. It does not cover; graphics, content, Survival of the Fittest, or other already covered aspects of other reviews.General GameplayArk: Survival Evolved is not for the faint of heart or the short sighted. As a survival  genre game at it's core, it requires a large level of logistical skills in order to see maximum results. If you don't like the idea of losing progress, survival games aren't for you. If you like the idea of out-thinking the system, and learning to be a better player within your provided environment, then you'll likely excell in this game.Ark is a dangerous world. Many people take for granted the civillian life they live. As an example, in this player's opinion; dIno pens with roofs is a must. Building roofless pens must be done high enough so that large monsters can't walk over, or reach in. But roofless pens still allow flying creatures to get in, or enemy players if on PvP.Travelling with all your best stuff all the time is a great way to make sure that every wipe (death without corpse recovery) is the worst it can be. Instead, travelling with equipment you can replace easily might be more advantageous until a player is more familiar with their surroundings.Many players think "I'm being attacked, I can't win, run home!". Then they lose their house to dino attack. Dieing and respawning and saving your house and it's contents is way more beneficial. Sometimes it's impossible to avoid aggro(aggression from an attacker) on your house, you might even be outside when it happens, with your entrance blocked. This is why players should have a safe house/houses nearby with basic supplies, enough to see, and lure creatures away from their main base (stuff if they lose it, it wont matter).With over 2 dozen creature types, each with its own biome type, movement patterns, size, relative speed/strength, and its own dislikes and likes, they must be approached with a learning process in mind. Argentavis will have a much lower aggro range if you simply duck when nearby. Raptors appear to see spyglass glints in day time if you look at them. Rexes will hone in on torches in night time, compy packs canniballize fallen pack mates, Terror Bird and Scorpions won't fight each other but they both fight you, some carnivores scavange unconscious tames, some don't, etc, etc.The point is; one must understand and respect their environment, while trying to learn more about it through observational gameplay. As an experienced player, I have yet to lose anything that wasn't 100% avoidable by something I could have done before hand. Everytime it happened, I adapted accordingly and my losses became less and less. You can't just pound through ARK and expect to be a good player. One needs to pay attention and learn as they play.Specific Gameplay/Server TypesPrimitive Plus These server types allow a primitive focused gameplay by removing metal and high tech type recipes as well by adding a series of new tools, crafting methods and building types.This is for players who prefer a more 'caveman' experience.PvE (Player Versus Environment) These server types allow players to focus their efforts together in order to survive the environment. It is important to note that these servers do not allow players any method to remove active payers bases, meaning it is possible to start on a server that is over populated (land claim wise), and there for players should consider asking in chat if the server has lots of build room left, and ensure that all the major resources aren't claimed. PvP (Player Versus Player) These server types allow players to combat each other as well as the environment. It is important to note that severs with large tribes (guild/clan), typically dominate PvP servers. A dominated PvP server means an up hill battle the whole time and is not recommended for your first play experience. Consider looking into a private PvP server, or beginning on PvE until you are more familiar with the game.This server type is also available in 'Off-line Raid Prevention' mode. This ensures your buildings are indestructable X amount of minutes after you log out (currently 15mins). This mode is highly recommended for solo players and small tribes if considering PvP for their first play.Hardcore These server types allow a much harsher play experience by essentially deleting your character upon death. All your belongings stay in the world, and can be claimed in 3 days from the time of your death. If you add Pin Codes to your interactable objects you can ensure to regain access to your belongings. Players who are members of a tribe can be reinvited after death (done so face to face) in order to regain access to their tribe's content. Should every member of a tribe die at the same time, that tribe is essentially extinct, forcing the members to remove their contents using pin codes. This mode is as it is titled, hardcore. However it does teach players valuable lessons about interactions, since the penalty for death is so high (typically a simple respawn in an bed you've placed) players find themselves playing much safer.Extinction These server types have their worlds reset after 1 month of real world time. This allows players to be on even playing fields upon each reset. A great way to practice PvP.EDIT: Added further gameplay considerations based on new modes available.Summary:If you want to hop into a game and just get some action with little to no penalty, then look into a private server for ARK with 'excelerated' settings, x4 exp, lower spoil times, quicker tame times etc. Or I'd recommend; a hack and slash, a First Person Shooter(FPS) or a Multiplayer Online Battle Arena (MOBA) type game.If you like the idea of the game minus the survival aspects, then I'd recommend looking into hosting your own server, and/or adding mods.If you want a gameplay experience that forces you to pay attention, learn and adapt as you go, while allowing player made structures in world, then a survival sandbox game such as ARK: Survival Evolved is for you.
Red	Not Recommended	1,944.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198168447579/	This game was great and I mean  was . Before Scorched Earth came out the game was just right, sure bugs were a constant but that's what you pay for when you buy early access, I have no problems with that. What really♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off was the sudden down hill to halo space laser beam♥♥♥♥♥♥ This game was actually somewhat factual on the dinosaur side of things then it spiraled to halo suits and laser shooting sharks. I mean come on, then the nerf hammer came and destoyed any purpose of flying, that killed the game so quick, then the nerf hammer came not once but twice on the player movement speed, that was a literal "♥♥♥♥ you" the time management from Studio Wildcard was atrocious and no respect in some places to the early access buyers, their communication was horrible not to mention sometimes on the forums outright rude. I wouldn't be writing a review if I hadn't come across the end game. So continue reading if you want a spoiler. STAR WARS? SERIOUSLY YOU TRIED TO ♥♥♥♥ING RIP OFF STAR WARS WILDCARD?!?!?! You can clearly see ♥♥♥♥ing TIE fighters in the cut scene not to mention the ♥♥♥♥ing droids hey why not go all the way and have ♥♥♥♥ing lightsabers and separatist droids going "roger, roger" all over the place, this went from being a survival part factual game to "♥♥♥♥ it let's just go full retard" You literally went to the toilet Jeremy♥♥♥♥♥♥in it then grabbed the♥♥♥♥♥♥out and smeared somehow into the game and all over the content, Jeremy next time you grab a♥♥♥♥♥♥out of your toilet just eat it. I will never in my entire life buy another game from Wildcard even a ♥♥♥♥ing completed one. I would rather contract aids and a viral infection, not only that I would also rather endure a UTI and♥♥♥♥♥♥out blood everywhere than play or buy another Wildcard game
xofors2	Not Recommended	1,240.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198008707528/	Never left a review befor. but i cant let this go. a game that abandons its players and does not care about those who stood by there game no matter the bugs is unforgivable. only buy this game if you want buggy♥♥♥♥♥♥ and a developer that could not care less about you.
pvfd63	Not Recommended	87.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/pvfd63/	1st, paid dlc for a game still in beta is stupid but I figured eh why not.2nd, if you leave a water source for more than 5 minutes you die, unless im doing something wrong, either way I do not reccomend the dlc.
DeadPixelz01	Not Recommended	543.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/DeadPixelz01/	What happened to this game?Instead of charging $60USD for an early access broken mess of a game, why didn’t you focus on optimizing the game and fixing its array of bugs? On second thought that sounds like too much work, why don’t you just release another piece of forgettable over price DLC?
DeadMind	Not Recommended	301.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198025210124/	Adding paid DLC to an unfinished game. Greedy devs.
Goldensun441	Not Recommended	245.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/goldensun441/	After a couple weeks of trying really hard to enjoy this game, I've come to the conclusion that I have to warn new people against buying it. PROs:+Aberration's level design is very good+(Some) textures on plants and animals are well done+concept and lore is interesting+playing this game in a group can be a lot of fun.+pve content appears to be well thought out and can be fun to take on as a group.+the craftable items have lots of neat features (greenhouse, grapling hooks, etc)CONs:-horrible modularity on 3d assets, very unprofessional. -Building is in general really bad compared to similar genres. very frustrating to create an aesthetically-pleasing base.-Water pipes look like crap, yet litter the map because of the water/irrigation mechanic. (electric wires very similiar)-poor optimization and lots of odd incoveniences which are solved by other games in the genre.-lots of bugs for a game thats been out for 2 years-VERY toxic community. you cannot make any progress at all on any pvp servers. you will repeatedly be wiped every single night while offline and you will spend hundreds of hours rebuilding the same low level garbage.-raiding low-mid tier tribes is EXTREMELY EASY AND CHEAP for other mid-high tier players.-most people boast THOUSANDS of hours with nothing to show for it.-cross server transfers mean people will join servers just to load in C4 and destroy bases. take stuff, transfer off.-chinese megatribes wipe entire servers just to turn them into transfer storage servers.-game doesn't allow any breaks, requires daily play just to keep what you have.-very poor experience for any solo players, you absolutely must have a large and daily active tribe in order to do well and to succeed at endgame.-there is no 'fair' pvp here, only someone being a♥♥♥♥♥♥to you, or you being a♥♥♥♥♥♥to someone else.-an active tribe can literally tranquilize you, lock you in a cage, and keep you asleep indefinitely (preventing death/respawn, inventory access, everything). Potentially keeping you in this state until you recreate character.*if you simply MUST play this game, but dont have a large group of friends and actually want to enjoy meta. a PVE server is pretty much mandatory.
Mineko	Not Recommended	16.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mineko/	I liked the promise this game showed, so I bought it and had a bit of fun with it, but it's clearly not finished.  It's the worst when you near a fortress another player has built and your framerate tanks to single digits, even on super modern hardware.  So I thought I'd just wait for the game to be more developed.It has been years, and the game has not been released.  Normally I'd be okay with this, I knew what I signed up for when I bought the early access title.  But now they've released a $20 expansion pack?  On an unfinished game?  That's beyond reproach.  That's straight up BAD.  I used to have faith in the developer of this game, but now I've lost all faith.FINISH THE GAME BEFORE YOU START WORK ON PAID EXPANSIONS, DEVS.  You've slapped all your paying customers in the face, all the ones who supported your vision and were excited to watch it grow into its finished form.  All those people who had your back, you've spit on them.  You are scum.Do not buy this game.  Do not support this behavior.  Don't let them get away with it.  They are setting a very dangerous precedent and it must be stopped before it can spread.
Einar	Not Recommended	2.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198016486967/	Terribly optimized. They just released a paid DLC before the game is even released. I can't recommend this thing to anyone. Sorry.
Nilm	Not Recommended	57.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Nilm8954168516845/	Cash grab, the game has millions of bugs, loading issues and frame issues even on the highest end computers.Game Devs: "Should we fix these issues and make a stable game?" laughing as they toss money stacks at each other giggling like school girls. "No, lets charge them more money for the rest of the content and keep it in early access so that we don't have to fix it and can lean on the Early Access rules so there can't be refunds."
DrChrisPhD	Not Recommended	25.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/DrChrisPhD/	They released a DLC for an early access game? Give me a break. Money grabbers, the whole lot of 'em.
Mstablsta	Not Recommended	4.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198062723320/	Early Access. Paid DLC. Nope
Wirus	Not Recommended	1,489.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198088662551/	It fun survival game but still alpha....and I was thinking they would use money from ARK to update it to finish it....instead of that they made paid finished DLC when they didnt even finished main game...
oldage	Not Recommended	89.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/oldage/	Early Access title with a $20 DLC... I mean I like the game, but what?
Neppa	Not Recommended	393.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/NepNepu/	50 pounds? i paid 11....
ceown	Not Recommended	278.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ceown/	I *only* have 220 hours (comapred to others thousands) and enjoyed the game for the first 70 or so levels.I felt I got my money, but after level 60 or so it's not really a challange to stay alive and the game becomes more about dino taming (and max tamed dinos) and raiding. Not into the PVP aspect which lops a good chunk of the want to keep playing, and taming, even with upped multipliers is a slog the higher the dino level which no longer makes the process fun.Would I recommend it? No.Why?Wildcard seems to be intent on keeping the game in early access and getting money off paid DLCs rather than optimizing the game, releasing it, and then doing dlc.The game really, really, really needs to get optimizied and bugs squashed (dying and your corpse falling through the world thus losing all your gear being a major bug) but they're instead focused on making new dinos and DLC rather than actually finishing the core game.
Vistaster	Not Recommended	27.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/BR00T4L_PENGUIN/	Should've used that time spent on making a paid EA DLC and invested it into making the game more optimized, just my two cents.
eider	Not Recommended	15.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/zabrilla/	Selling Expacs before the game is even out of early access......Just nope.
theresa may	Not Recommended	33.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/notToom/	dlc.. early access. Nice one!
Barbaris	Not Recommended	1,640.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198257600118/	Spent lots of time playing and enjoyed it. However the new flyer patch has ruined the game. You will just spend hours traveling around and not actually accomplishing anything or getting anywhere. Resource gathering is now extremely limited. if you want to waste hours doing nothing then go ahead. 
CeeBee	Not Recommended	683.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/cbstryker/	Fun game, but Linux support is awful. Vulkan support was promised for the official release but it looks like that won't happen.
TinmanVin	Not Recommended	72.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TinmanVin/	Yep so looks like I found out where their time went. They were too busy pushing out their crap paid DLC instead of finishing the ♥♥♥♥ing base game. It's a good game but ♥♥♥♥ these devs.
Scouting FOB spots	Not Recommended	4,693.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198157322911/	Ark was a great game and i loved it. But now that flying dinosaurs have received a massive nerf i wish i could refund this game. If a developer sees this fix Ark. #Make Ark Great Again
Nooters	Not Recommended	415.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198035905544/	Flyer Nerf in the latest patch has ruined the game... again
Mineko	Not Recommended	16.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mineko/	I liked the promise this game showed, so I bought it and had a bit of fun with it, but it's clearly not finished.  It's the worst when you near a fortress another player has built and your framerate tanks to single digits, even on super modern hardware.  So I thought I'd just wait for the game to be more developed.It has been years, and the game has not been released.  Normally I'd be okay with this, I knew what I signed up for when I bought the early access title.  But now they've released a $20 expansion pack?  On an unfinished game?  That's beyond reproach.  That's straight up BAD.  I used to have faith in the developer of this game, but now I've lost all faith.FINISH THE GAME BEFORE YOU START WORK ON PAID EXPANSIONS, DEVS.  You've slapped all your paying customers in the face, all the ones who supported your vision and were excited to watch it grow into its finished form.  All those people who had your back, you've spit on them.  You are scum.Do not buy this game.  Do not support this behavior.  Don't let them get away with it.  They are setting a very dangerous precedent and it must be stopped before it can spread.
Einar	Not Recommended	2.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198016486967/	Terribly optimized. They just released a paid DLC before the game is even released. I can't recommend this thing to anyone. Sorry.
Neppa	Not Recommended	393.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/NepNepu/	50 pounds? i paid 11....
Gryph	Not Recommended	269.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198216895592/	ARK: Survival Evolved:ARK used to be a great game. It had stunning graphics. The gameplay was fantastic, and playing with friends was fun and rewarding. Most of that is gone now. With each weekly/monthly update the game has dropped heavily preformance wise. I used to run the game on Ultra. I now have to run the game (If I even want to play it) on high (Not much of a drop, I'll admit, but still a drop all the same). Now, the developers are releasing a DLC for a game that hasn't even come out of *early access*. Just let that sink in. Surely they should maybe finish the game, before even thinking about a DLC. This DLC is basically releasing *cut content* from a game that isn't even complete yet. It's not the fact that paid DLC is being released, it's the fact that it's paid DLC for a game that's in early access. Overall, I would have recommended the game a month or so after release, because it was really good. But not anymore. As other reviews have said, Studio Wildcard have paid *fourty million* dollars to Trendy Entertainment (The developers of Dungeon Defenders) to settle a lawsuit. So now they (Sutdio Wildcard) are attempting to get money back by releasing a DLC. For an un-released game. 'Nuff said.Sorry for the long review. Here's the word potato.Potato.EDIT: I am giving this game a go again after the plethora of updates, but am still unhappy about the DLC, dispite the fact it looks good I refuse to play it.EDIT: The price increase before it's departure from early access was f*cking ridiculous. It jumped up to £50 they've obviously made money from this game and from it's fans who seem to be completely oblivious to the fact that the developers just want their money and nothing more. I do still enjoy this game, but am not willing to support the developers - of course not all of them are bad - just the owners.
the eagle	Not Recommended	650.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/asdqwe13131/	paid dlc in a early access game........ wtf is happening
TinmanVin	Not Recommended	72.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TinmanVin/	Yep so looks like I found out where their time went. They were too busy pushing out their crap paid DLC instead of finishing the ♥♥♥♥ing base game. It's a good game but ♥♥♥♥ these devs.
Scouting FOB spots	Not Recommended	4,693.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198157322911/	Ark was a great game and i loved it. But now that flying dinosaurs have received a massive nerf i wish i could refund this game. If a developer sees this fix Ark. #Make Ark Great Again
Nooters	Not Recommended	415.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198035905544/	Flyer Nerf in the latest patch has ruined the game... again
Buffalo Nipples	Not Recommended	919.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198128229559/	Loved this game untill the recent patch/update. Played ~50hrs a week for the last year. Yes its a game, yes its early access, yes anyone that doesnt like it will move on. Change is to be expected as the game evolves but this last patch was a huge negative. Add that with the lack of removing cheaters/hackers, (even with screen shot and video evidence), the game has just been efectively killed. Figure that many people have second or third acounts, for farming and or PVP purposes. For each of these players that quit they now lose two "players". Expect huge drops in active players. I'm sorry to give a bad review after such a long time of fun. Notice that i did give the update a couple of days to try to use it and look for merit. Just cant. RIP ARK.
Zone	Not Recommended	5.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197979519257/	This game is incredibly frustrating to try and play. My wife and I have spent so much time trying to get the game even started that we can no longer refund it. We aren't trying to play on a dedicated server, but those can be incredibly laggy when we have tried. The game has MANY bugs. One of our recent favorites is the graphics glitch with a shield showing it is equipped even after unequiping. So when you have a bow and try and aim with it there is a giant shield in the middle of the screen. Then there are constant video game graphics driver error crashes. Tried stuff recommended online to no avail. It works sometimes, but most of the time there is ONE bug in a bag of about a dozen that prevents us from actually enjoying the game. The documentation for the game is horrible. The game has many features that are just half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ The optimization for the game is poor. We both have decent GPU's and the game struggles to give us decent FPS when we can actually get it started. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME UNLESS YOU ARE A FAN OF THROWING MONEY AWAY.
Cheese n Rice	Not Recommended	64.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ajoker070/	Paid DLC for unfished game, shame on you
Renx_	Not Recommended	149.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198271869202/	I paid 22.99 gdp for this orginally on the steam store it is worth that, £60 nah go buy it of cd keys or something,
jrverden	Not Recommended	223.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198354423674/	ive been playing ark for the past two months, I downloaded all three maps and had a great time... until patch 256. ever since then my single player schorched eaarth map wont let me on and just keeps crashing...
König Marshall	Not Recommended	346.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198063166989/	DONT BUY THIS GAME! Dont spend 70$ at a game thats only worth 15$. ARK is "leaving" early access, that means it has been too long in early access, so the devs are just pushing it through. For a game where you spend so much time, theres so little to do. You cant build enough to make it fun, there are many dinos, but who cares about them. This isnt minecraft, this is just a bad game. The building is the worst. Snapping Points, Bugs, and way too little options. You have to rely on mods if you want to enjoy this game. Look up the mod Structures Plus and you see that the devs didnt even implement the stuff that was necessary. Its an okay game for 15$, but dont spend so much money for a game where the developers dont know♥♥♥♥♥♥ARK is a great Survival Game at its core. But the last few patches are making it a very time intense game. Basicly you have to play on a unofficial server if you dont want to spend hundreds of hours farming resources. ARK is becoming a very grindy experience and is getting more MMO-like instead of pursuing the survival aspect of the game.It's a shame, the fresh setting and the good graphics are nice but because of the terrible building system and the time intensive gameplay you shouldn't buy this game.
</>	Not Recommended	3,098.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/YOLOSwagginsbaddad/	Yeah... Devs don't care about players, they only care about money. Whether you PvE or PvP, they really dropped the ball on the everyone with the most recent update. Goodluck wasting 5 weeks of your life to even build a base. Might as well play unofficial with mods if you get this game. Otherwise nothing is going to happen for you.
123	Not Recommended	4,463.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/166616661666/	Was a nice game, but Wildcard totally kill it with the last patch! Rip flyers, Rip wyverns, Rip ARK!
Hendrik_Stols	Not Recommended	2,222.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/hendrik_stols/	Game was amazing until they nerfed the flyers. Waiting and working hard to be able to get a flyer that would speed up the gameplay is now removed as a midgame goal. The patch destroyed the game as now doing most of my solo playing is so slow it bores me. Wildcard, engage with your community on this issue, it's the least you can do.
Fulikecica	Not Recommended	4,049.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198051433173/	ark was one of the best game ever, but now is only one big♥♥♥♥♥♥ Dev. team manage to destroy ark and with this fun of many many peoples with one ♥♥♥♥ing patch.  I am very very dissapointed and for me ark died since last patch. Ark is since 2 year still only EA. but they sell already DLC like for one full relased game. In my opinion this is cheating of players and peoples. Dev team just add more and more new stuff in game but dont care about fix bugs and other isuesses. Game running already so bad, that even with expensive powerfull comp. can get out only medium settings. But they still dont care, just add new stuff and make game slowly died.
President Donald Doge	Not Recommended	58.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198044173117/	Besides the every 10 minute video driver crash its fun. But i cant recommend this game un till it actually works.
Gluzkula	Not Recommended	644.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198172870226/	DON'T BUY THIS GAME!!!!!!!!Ark started off with a great idea. Over tiem, that idea has been forgotten. The developers have progressively made the game worse and worse, and I am heartbroken over it. I'm a female gamer who has a hard time finding games that i enjoy.When i first started playing ark, it was amazing. You could build and survive how you deemed fit. As time went on, the glitches and restrictions put on the players became too much to handle ( the latest one being nerfing birds at 100% movement speed. This might not seem like a big deal, but it basically made scorched earth unplayable because it took out not only one of the best ways to travel, but also one of the hardest creatures to interact with.  Along with introducing a new menu which looks terrible and is not easy to use.) I've had my issues with buying a game that is early access, but I thought ark was worth the risk. I have come to find out that I was very wrong. This was made  clear to me when the developers charged people to buy DLC that was also in early access (which by the way, you can't even do the things taht they advortsed like transfer between maps and take everything with you. that was a major draw for me and i was very upset to find out that the DLC was basically nothing but lies). At this point in time, I can't list a single pro for this game. It is nothing but cons and lies. The developers don't care about the players anymore, eventhough they say they have our best interest in mind (more lies). All they want is the money. It has been almost a whole year since the developers have said the game would be finished. There has been no word since then on when the game will be done (if ever). If you want to play this game, I would say to wait till it is a full game and not early access, but even then i wouldn't say buy this. Ark is just going to be one of those games that breaks your heart but says it was for your own good. Hopefully no one else fall for the developers bull****
Exty	Not Recommended	132.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/exty/	Early access DLC is a no no
killingsnails	Not Recommended	0.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198017812511/	paid DLC for an early access game ?  hell no  
.                    </%63>	Not Recommended	884.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Neutralusername/	Early access games are judged as much on what the developers are like as what they currently are.  When the developers still cant get their netcode figured out, then go galavanting through fields of subgames and paid DLCs you realize that something is afoul. 6 month ago: I would say get the game.Now : STAY AWAY DONT GET THE GAME GET OUT WITH YOUR MONEY WHILE YOU CAN.*whispers so devs dont hear* next thing you know they will have monthly subscription fees.
Banzee	Not Recommended	8,522.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/banzeemerr/	Over 5000 hours on record... devs focus more on adding content rather than fixing bugs, improving performance, and stopping cheating.Patch 256 - The sounds are terrible. Sounds like they were recorded with someone's cellphone - airy, unrefined and female toons sound like they belong in soft-core porn. They didn't like people using flyers? Now they are completely useless, and they made it easier for aimbotters to shoot you down. They won't upgrade their ant-cheat, they wont upgrade their servers so they will still get ddos. The UI is now way to obnoxious and in-your-face and there is now option to rescale it or change the opacity.They obviously do not test anything before they roll it out - this is a grindy game, and knee-jerk decisions on these kind of patches waste 100's or even 1000's of hours players have put into the game. They do not care about their player base.Bunch of manatees deciding what to add to new patches and what to change.Save yourself a lot of time - do not play, do not recommend.
Echo	Not Recommended	2,145.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198340039692/	Honestly, where to start. This game is...heavily flawed. So many bugs, so many issues, but this is not why I'm giving this a bad review. It is the player base. The god awful player base. Never in my life have I seen such a horredous player base.I joined this game nearly...a year and a half ago? I worked my♥♥♥♥♥off, joined a very large tribe. Eventually became 1 of several leaders. We had defenses out the♥♥♥♥♥ We were allied with several mega tribes. But nothing prepared us for the rampant duping and hacking. We reported the issues nearly 50 times, it became ridiclous because the devs never answered any questions or pointed out any issues. We logged on one night to an offline raid by a massive hacking mega tribe. Couldn't do anything as we were all immeditally aimbotted. Turrets never shot a single bullet, as they walked directly into base without a scratch, with god mode. Disgusted, we ran to another server with what we could. There, we were attacked again. Once more with hacks. Ran back to home server. Reported the issue several times. Not a single peep from devs. Eventually we all gave up as we were relentlessly attacked over and over by the same hackers. Haven't touched the game in nearly 4-5 weeks. I honestly loved this game, and everything in it, but to have the devs ignore such important issues, and to have such rampant hacking, it is honestly not the worth the stress. Buy something else.
< blank >	Not Recommended	414.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ozkrael/	Dev team seems to lack focus. Latest update if you don't buy the $20 dlc everything scheduled for the current patch was pushed back except for a door. With SotF, Center, Primitive+, and now Scorched Earth the devs are just all over the place instead of trying to finish the base game which is still in early access even though it now has a $20 expansion.
localhost	Not Recommended	189.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197972666536/	Demanding more money for content before it even runs smoothly on most machines seems desperate. Focus placed in the wrong place with an ever more distant release date.
nictigre03	Not Recommended	407.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/nictigre03/	This game was fun but the development team completely ignores the players so I am giving up on it for now and not recommending it to anyone on the fence.
klammox	Not Recommended	2,167.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198069027275/	Just not recommended. I played over 2k hrs on it and had to see lots of stuff happening to this game where developers of Wildcard (WC) didn't even ask their community.If its flyer nerf , other dino nerfs or the missing support on official server.Unofficial server often close very soon as i heard of.Now with the shut down of the old server and no more support they really made me angry about them.I wrote a ticket 2 months ago that i lost my character and no answer...So dear customer look for another game. This game is not even close to be worth its 60 bugs. Steam has more potential for other good games.Don't waste your money.Sorry WC for a bad review but i can't stand it anymore and hope you will wake up and realise that we're not just numbers in your PC we are humans.
Arteken	Not Recommended	764.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/arteken1/	ARK: Survival EvolvedI would love to recommend this, but I can not.  Having over 764 hours in this makes it sound stupid, but that is part of the problem here. All that time went in alpha and beta and I expected there to be issues. I had a lot of funny and nice moments ofc. Everything is made for pure enjoyment. There is also good modding community.So why can't I recomment this game? I have a lot of reasons, after all this time this game even now, when it costs 60 euros and is released, is not fully optimised. Even on high end computer fps is crap. Graphics are great, but either wait things to load or play at low settings. Community, it is sometimes pretty toxic. There are soem alpha tribes moving from server to another and jsut ruining the game experience. And one more reason, the developers, they seem to not give a damn about the players. This review is for the people wanting or thinking to buy the game now. You might be disappointed if you buy this now. It is not fully optimised. I got it for about 20 euros back in the days, at that time it might have been woth the money. Of course if you do not care that much, go ahead and try it. It was good at times, that is why I can give it that good grade. Grade for this game 7/10
FloofDragon	Not Recommended	1,615.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198117108571/	This new update better be an april fool's. Wtf man. I cannot even experience the infamous horrible flyer nerf since my game's performance (on extreme low memory and lowest graphics, mind you) that it has continuous 5 minute long freezes in between of one or two seconds running time. Just what the hell is this. I have over 1k playing time and i loved it so much until now
< blank >	Not Recommended	414.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ozkrael/	Dev team seems to lack focus. Latest update if you don't buy the $20 dlc everything scheduled for the current patch was pushed back except for a door. With SotF, Center, Primitive+, and now Scorched Earth the devs are just all over the place instead of trying to finish the base game which is still in early access even though it now has a $20 expansion.
localhost	Not Recommended	189.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197972666536/	Demanding more money for content before it even runs smoothly on most machines seems desperate. Focus placed in the wrong place with an ever more distant release date.
klammox	Not Recommended	2,167.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198069027275/	Just not recommended. I played over 2k hrs on it and had to see lots of stuff happening to this game where developers of Wildcard (WC) didn't even ask their community.If its flyer nerf , other dino nerfs or the missing support on official server.Unofficial server often close very soon as i heard of.Now with the shut down of the old server and no more support they really made me angry about them.I wrote a ticket 2 months ago that i lost my character and no answer...So dear customer look for another game. This game is not even close to be worth its 60 bugs. Steam has more potential for other good games.Don't waste your money.Sorry WC for a bad review but i can't stand it anymore and hope you will wake up and realise that we're not just numbers in your PC we are humans.
DragonForce	Not Recommended	204.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/yolognaiswagetty/	You buy an early acces game, and like it, but it's full of BUGS AND GLITCHES.And they makes DLC's for an early acces game, instead of fixing the entire game, and you have to pay for it, what's wrong with you? In the future, please FIX ARK instead of trying to make money from an early acces game full of bugs and glitches. FIX ARK BUGVIVAL GLITCHVOLVED
GameOver	Not Recommended	29.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/MrKh4n/	Its quite something to have a paid DLC for a game that isnt even released. Please refund us.The developers of this game are examples of what is wrong with the gaming industry.
Razzal	Not Recommended	29.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jayhawkfanron/	A game that is in early access should not be getting DLC, paid or free. Any content created for the game should be included in the game until it is officially released. Content after it is released would be DLC. This has money grab, plain and simple
Invis	Not Recommended	18.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/invasableh/	Shame on ARK and it's devs. What a disgrace. This game is clunky, poorly optimized, and generally a HUGE grind. Their official servers don't wipe, so you're forced to play community servers where you adhere to random and non-sensical rules made by individuals who rarely see sunlight. The graphics look great, but the gameplay is rubbish and the NPC AI is absolutely the worst I have ever seen. People just exploit the bad AI in order to tame difficult dinosaurs, taking the challenge out completely.I wanted to wait until the game left early access before I wrote this review. Unfortunately, the team has decided they want to release $20 DLC's before the game has even launched. It's disgusting and shows a lack of respect for the playerbase which has supported them for so long.TLDR; STOP BUYING EARLY ACCESS. DEFINITELY DO NOT BUY DLC'S FOR EARLY ACCESS.
Jon	Not Recommended	4,228.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198137894351/	2/3/2018 As far as the game has come if you're not in a mega tribe you don't exist. The game is heavily skewed in the direction of big tribes with big support. Server caps are so low that an invasion means your server will be inaccessible until it's wiped or defended. No point in playing for that day unless you're one of the lucky ones to get into the server. I'd recommend playing a private server seeing as how mods make the game a bit more fun and having an actual moderator that can deal with in-game issues is a huge plus. Play at your own risk at some point a mega tribe will be on your server wiping it.Flyer patch v256 didn't kill the game but it did take the usefulness out of any flying dino. It seems the Devs didn't think of what it would ruin in the game. If you don't own the game currently I would suggest you wait to purchase until the bugs are ironed out with the game. The game is fully playable but the amount of time small glitches will cost you will become unreal and frustrating. The patch did one thing, it forced everyone to use ground dinos. But what does it matter when the alpha tribe has a few rexs with laser beams strapped to them. I want to say amazing things about this game but the focus is wrong. It is a team game and when teams get too big it becomes one sided. So why not nerf the raiding capability of big teams. Destroying the flying dinos will do little to balance the game.I've played 2000+ hours of this game and I'm a real fan of it. I can even handle the flyer nerf but it seems again the Devs didn't think it through. Maybe this is an act to stop servers from being invaded by battle birds or C4 suicide wyverns but in the end you should nerf raid tools not dinos. Cluster grenade raids will continue because the damage is still there. And small tribes will always be at the mercy of their alpha. I've played on official servers for the entire time i've spent on ark. The game is killing itself with tons of unwanted patches that don't improve performance. You'll constantly be glitched into foundations when logging out or in dinos if you accidentally hit the "J" key. The Devs are focused on adding unrefinded content and making easy money it seems.I notice sales on the game when they release a bad patch or have a huge server rollback. The Devs are killing the game. I would not reccomend this game to anyone at the moment. I hope this is helpful for anyone looking to buy.(first review since i couldn't do 2 reviews)Ark is a perpetual alpha game in my opinion. It started out being one of the most comprehensive survival games I've seen. Ark has great depth and decent gameplay but there are way to many game breaking bugs and glitches that will cost hours of time and sever disappointment in the gaming experience. You would be extremely EXTREMELY lucky to not lose tamed dinos and rare gear to a glitch. The constant server updates/rollbacks due to failed patches will ruin the game at some point. I have never hated a game so much after putting in so many hours of play. I will never spend another dime on an ARK related content. I will not recommend buying this game until it has fixed it's major flaws.
Havoc343	Not Recommended	15.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197977346191/	Ark: Survival Evolved is a pretty good game, not going to lie. I've had some fun times with it. Wish I could say the same for the developers/publisher and thier recent choices. DLC, downloadable content in an Early Acess Game. Why would you do this? Your product is not yet ready for full release and you decide to pull this little number? No, I am sorry, but I can no longer support you or your product if this is the route you choose to take.
Razzal	Not Recommended	29.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jayhawkfanron/	A game that is in early access should not be getting DLC, paid or free. Any content created for the game should be included in the game until it is officially released. Content after it is released would be DLC. This has money grab, plain and simple
Huck	Not Recommended	1,759.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198024725130/	Brilliant game, fun, great graphics and lots to do but that is where it ends. The problem being that if you want to play on offficial servers you are gonna have the age long problem of finding a server that firstly doesnt have all the resources blocked by huge bases built by tribes or by metal foundations built by griefers. If you do eventually find one then the next step is to grind away and build and collect untillyou can make yourself a little base to work off and maybe get a few dinos until someone comes along and destroys everything. Not because you were a threat, or because you had something they needed or because you attacked them, they destroy everything you have just because they can. one day you will log on and it will all be gone. so you start again, and again, and again, and again and eventually get tired of spending your life grinding and collecting and taming to only have it all destroyed and killed. Look just spend 5 Hours taming a dino. oh look they just killed it because they can. And their justification. If you dont like PvP play PvE and then deal with the fact that every server has bases taking up almost every inch of the map.Then we start of the optimization issues. Game worked perfectly. then an UPDATE and bam. Graphics Driver Crashes constantly. No problems in any other games just ark, No amout of changing setting helps. even Running everything on minimal doesnt stop the unending crashes that get more and more frustrating.
Entak	Recommended	482.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/eNtaK/	This game manages to make you feel all sorts of emotions in a very short amount of time. Whether it is a relaxing feeling on the beach as you gather and start out, paranoia when you enter the jungles, or absolute terror in the caves. While there may be some issues at release, the developers have stated that they will be working on a lot of things in the coming weeks. This game offers a great survival experience in both solo and multiplayer gameplay. You are able to quickly get geared with basic supplies and start exploring the island. Just be careful and keep a watchful eye always!
Kemira	Not Recommended	42.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198026000362/	REALLY?!  You guys won't even fix the damn game and you want to go to full release?  It has been 2 YEARS in early access and you dipsh**s haven't even worked out the SLEW of bugs. No, you've been too busy working on paid DLC for a game that is in early access. Now you want to charge 60 bucks for a buggy and unoptimized game with pre launch DLC you already charged for? This is the closest thing you can do to giving the middle finger to those that supported you to begin with.Enjoy whatever money you can shake out of gamers while you can you snakes. I can't imagine you have good times ahead with the reputation you've given yourselves.
DoppioRhum	Recommended	1,759.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/doppiorhum/	Yes, Playing an early access game hurts.Yes, You may end up at the point that you have to eat your poo.Yes, Insects are able to kill a rex.And yes, people are able to raid you while you're offline.But these are nothing against that moment when you tame your first dino, build your first shelter, hunt down a predator or even crafting your first gravestone. Playing that game was/is a real good experience for me and I saw lots of people who plays much different than I do so that game can be the only game I can recommend everyone.
Nacht Ripper	Recommended	178.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/nachtripper94/	OOOOOH MY GAWD WHERE DO I START!?!?!?110 hours so far in this game...Stumbled upon this randomly in the steam store and my god was that the best thing ever!!!My hours on this game will only go UP UP UP UP AND UP from here on out!!! 110 hours feels like nothing in this game.MASSIVE CON : UNFINISHED EARLY ACCESS GAME RELEASED A PAID $20 DLC! Almost changed the recommend to a not recommend. Pros:-Dinosuars...a vast amount of them..-CONSTANT updates!!-Brand new map for free! Which btw...is AMAZING and i've seen next to NOTHING of it!!-Base building surival in dino time! ALWAYS wanted this!-They are insanely active in their community-They definitely do research to keep all dinos in a historical reference-It has a weird unknown story behind why you're there and what your objective is-FREE ROAM WHEREVER YOU PLEASE, unless a mean and scary dino says other wise!-Stabbed a turtle in the eye with a spear, spear was stuck inside his eye and i lost my weapon cause i couldn't pull it out.-Took a dino egg, the mother NEVER stopped chasing me (anklyosaur)-I knew nothing about this company and took a risk on them, BEST thing i've ever done before! I fully support this company after this game.-Wardrums, have yet to bang them but i must bang! NEED to bang them, imma bang them so hard when i make a set.-Poop...my character poops in situations when id definetly poop myself, 10/10 realism-Stego/Spino! My favorite dinos!-Entertaining multiplayer, great with friends. (Characters save on ONE server, you can transfer saves through the mystery of the obelisk)-Baby dinosCons:-Poorly optimized, the new map seems to be insanely better though! They are working to smooth the performance out-I couldn't reach the max settings, i played with a GT640 (lol..) and it performs 'ok' i feel like im wasting potential amazingness with the old not anymore currently installed card-Dinosuar painting, its a great concept but so far...the paint looks HORRIBLE on them! -Character saves need to be directly transfered to another server, if a server shuts down and never starts up again goodbye save, or you cant get to an obelisk in time.MASSIVE CON : UNFINISHED EARLY ACCESS GAME RELEASED A PAID $20 DLC! Almost changed the 'recommend' to a 'not recommend' because of this fact. Still a great game so as of right now, i won't.HIGHLY recommend this game if you have a card like mine or better, keep in mind the performance is still an issue and they are working on it, unless you have a crazy hardcore card it won't look like a pro youtubers video (my first impressions was that)Update, installed  the ASUS Strix GTX 1080, game runs amazing, on average about 80fps with max settings, this game looks beautiful on max.
alorty	Not Recommended	28.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/alorty/	Selling DLC while game is unfinished is dishonest. DLC should be disallowed from being posted until the game has released.
kashmir84	Not Recommended	875.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198040290845/	Totally ruined my love for this game.
Padpaw	Not Recommended	87.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198006216948/	I enjoyed my time playing ARK.Though the current situation has caused me to post this review warning people away from the game.In my opinion the studio has made a silly mistake that is ruining their PR image, instead of trying to fix the fans perception instead they have decided to use heavy censorship of anything that is negative about their choices of selling dlc before the base game has been finished.I say do not buy this game as I am in serious doubts that it will ever be finished now if they are going to so much trouble to delete and ban anyone that does not like what they are doing.The base game itself was very enjoyable, though I stopped playing as i try to take breaks from games like this as I tend to get sucked in.If the studio reverses it's rather foolish choices in my opinion then I can go back to supporting this game as a good buyer's choice.  As it is thier choice handling this mess not the dlc itself its a very big warning sign to me.  They care more for their supposed image and cash flow than reassuring the people that bought into their vision through early access.  Coincedendly their PR image is mud now.Editing again:  The ARK devs are now offering bribes in the form of (we will add the content we sold to you, but have not followed through on, because reasons)for people to vote for their game for the steam awards.Avoid this game at all costs, these developers are now no longer any differant than any other scummy developer or publisher in my opinion.Editing again as of aug 30th 2017.  This game is a bug filled mess even after release.  I think it had less bugs prior to it being released from what I have seen since coming back to it.Do not get this game for 60 dollars it is worth at best 20 dollars.  This is not a polished product.  If I was a member of wildcard I would be embarrassed to have my name associated with this.Another edit december 2017, after even more anti consumer practices, developer lies and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.  This game is a total rip off now.  They sold out their customers years ago for quick cash.  it disgusts me to have ever supported them.  After finding out they were lying through their teeth the whole time.
Thicc McRunFast	Not Recommended	24.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/fatpat7/	This game has a lot of promise and I've played my fair share of it. Game systems like building and taming are representative of an early access game with an expected number of issues, nothing gamebreaking or taking away the enjoyment. Optimization is not good at all, being honest it's pretty garbage. User interface is something I'd expect out of a college project, not a steam release with this kind of popularity. None of those things I mentioned are unfixable within an early access timeline.However, the devs have made it clear with statements that this game is more of a formal release and an early access beta. Now they even release a paid DLC for their early access title. It's obvious that the devs are in their endgame plans for this title's development and want to expand the content via DLC. That leaves little hope for fixing and improving the core game's systems to a point where i'm not embarrassed to say that I play the game. It'd also be nice to not have to warn friends that are interested about all the problems with the game.Like I said, the game has a lot of promise, but I'm not willing to pay out the nose for it via DLC for a early access game.
Mouse212001	Not Recommended	11.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mouse212001/	Early Acces + Paid DLC = BAD MOVE!!! FINNISH YOUR F****** GAME FIRST!
Impel	Not Recommended	20.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197998293865/	It's discouraging that they haven't completed the game I paid for - but now have a paid expansion.
Padpaw	Not Recommended	87.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198006216948/	I enjoyed my time playing ARK.Though the current situation has caused me to post this review warning people away from the game.In my opinion the studio has made a silly mistake that is ruining their PR image, instead of trying to fix the fans perception instead they have decided to use heavy censorship of anything that is negative about their choices of selling dlc before the base game has been finished.I say do not buy this game as I am in serious doubts that it will ever be finished now if they are going to so much trouble to delete and ban anyone that does not like what they are doing.The base game itself was very enjoyable, though I stopped playing as i try to take breaks from games like this as I tend to get sucked in.If the studio reverses it's rather foolish choices in my opinion then I can go back to supporting this game as a good buyer's choice.  As it is thier choice handling this mess not the dlc itself its a very big warning sign to me.  They care more for their supposed image and cash flow than reassuring the people that bought into their vision through early access.  Coincedendly their PR image is mud now.Editing again:  The ARK devs are now offering bribes in the form of (we will add the content we sold to you, but have not followed through on, because reasons)for people to vote for their game for the steam awards.Avoid this game at all costs, these developers are now no longer any differant than any other scummy developer or publisher in my opinion.Editing again as of aug 30th 2017.  This game is a bug filled mess even after release.  I think it had less bugs prior to it being released from what I have seen since coming back to it.Do not get this game for 60 dollars it is worth at best 20 dollars.  This is not a polished product.  If I was a member of wildcard I would be embarrassed to have my name associated with this.Another edit december 2017, after even more anti consumer practices, developer lies and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.  This game is a total rip off now.  They sold out their customers years ago for quick cash.  it disgusts me to have ever supported them.  After finding out they were lying through their teeth the whole time.
Thicc McRunFast	Not Recommended	24.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/fatpat7/	This game has a lot of promise and I've played my fair share of it. Game systems like building and taming are representative of an early access game with an expected number of issues, nothing gamebreaking or taking away the enjoyment. Optimization is not good at all, being honest it's pretty garbage. User interface is something I'd expect out of a college project, not a steam release with this kind of popularity. None of those things I mentioned are unfixable within an early access timeline.However, the devs have made it clear with statements that this game is more of a formal release and an early access beta. Now they even release a paid DLC for their early access title. It's obvious that the devs are in their endgame plans for this title's development and want to expand the content via DLC. That leaves little hope for fixing and improving the core game's systems to a point where i'm not embarrassed to say that I play the game. It'd also be nice to not have to warn friends that are interested about all the problems with the game.Like I said, the game has a lot of promise, but I'm not willing to pay out the nose for it via DLC for a early access game.
蒙奇.D.路飞	Not Recommended	123.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198128433889/	Attitude determines everything
namzo	Not Recommended	584.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198031994934/	I regret every hour I spent playing this game I could've been doing something with my life.Espeically after this DLC ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t♥♥♥♥ you ark survival.
Shotgun	Not Recommended	385.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197980865321/	Sorry, I have to give a negative review for coming out with DLC on an Early Access Game.  Shame on you guys!!!  You want us to pay that much...
echo491er	Not Recommended	57.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/echo491er/	I love this but honestly 20 dollar DLC when the base game isn't even finished is ridiculous
Zarthis	Not Recommended	3.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197992613382/	Early Access game thats very unfinished with a expansion pack how badly do I want to return this game I no longer see a way this game will be finish.
ripperoni pupperoni	Not Recommended	273.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/crazikyle/	Do not support developers who pull♥♥♥♥♥♥like this. The game is in early access, there is no need for paid DLC.Feck you, developers of ARK
echo491er	Not Recommended	57.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/echo491er/	I love this but honestly 20 dollar DLC when the base game isn't even finished is ridiculous
Zarthis	Not Recommended	3.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197992613382/	Early Access game thats very unfinished with a expansion pack how badly do I want to return this game I no longer see a way this game will be finish.
蒙奇.D.路飞	Not Recommended	123.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198128433889/	Attitude determines everything
d3north_prime	Not Recommended	0.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/d3north/	devs say "well its in early access but buy this DLC, its worth it"IF ITS IN EARLY ACCESSTHERE SHOULDNT BE DLCBECAUSE THE GAME ISNT DONEI DONT GIVE A >>>♥♥♥♥<<< HOW MUCH YOU THINK THE GAME IS WORTHWHO GIVES A♥♥♥♥♥♥IF YOU LOST A LAWSUITIF THE GAME ISNT DONEDONT SELL IT LIKE IT ISEARLY ACCESS MEANS ITS NOT QUITE READYNOT A SHIELD TO GUARD FROM CRITICISM OVER GLITCHES BUGS AND♥♥♥♥♥♥DEVSDLC MEANS WE MADE A GAME BUT NOW WE MADE MORENOT WE'RE MAKING A GAME AND HERES HOW TO SPLINTER A PLAYERBASEI WOULD REFUND THIS IF I DIDNT GET IT IN A BUNDLE
Nev	Not Recommended	2.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198017062254/	Seriously? The GALL to release an expansion for a game still in early access, and CHARGE for it, when it should very clearly been part of the original game?Absolutely ridiculous, and disgusting.
ripperoni pupperoni	Not Recommended	273.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/crazikyle/	Do not support developers who pull♥♥♥♥♥♥like this. The game is in early access, there is no need for paid DLC.Feck you, developers of ARK
MattBAX	Not Recommended	1,984.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mattbax/	After years of on-and-off playing ARK, around 1500+ hours ingame, I must say that I do not recommend buying this game.The game itself, stands behind an incredible concept. Everyone starts the same way, naked on the beach and can work his way up to being almost anything he'd like to be. I must say, that for a long time I was crazed by this game, and considered it to have the most potential to being an all-time favorite.But then the game was pulled out of early access.. So, when reading more news on the actual patch, and future of ARK, I became disgusted by the Devs.From being one of the games closest to my heart, I have now come to pretty hating it. A wide variety of game mechanics, all of which are lazy and really really unpolished. Pretty much everything is the same as EA. Which is not acceptable for a full-priced, fully released game.Just finish working on your base game !! UPDATE YOUR FILTHY GAME MECHANICS.And for the love of Gaben... If you can't keep your word about something.. Don't f***ing say it! Stop making false promises and getting people filled on hope for a decent game. Because the backlash will be even worse.But hey, maybe you boys at WC don't want to bother making anything else besides your current cash cow.. Maybe next season pass, that should be easy to pull of right? Just be sure to hype it up 1 year before 
[UoP] CalSkib	Recommended	230.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/calskib/	I have devoted over 150 hours playing this game co-op with my wife. It was the first game she's ever properly played and now she's so addicted, I often come home to find that she's played it all day and built three new bases, tamed a dozen dinos, and left my corpse in a volcano somewhere. 9/10 - some bugs but nothing that gets in the way of the fun.
Jnieco	Not Recommended	2.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Jnieco/	The games hasn't even been released yet, and they're a releasing paid dlc. Also, the game is terribly optimized and has many bugs. They should be working on those issues not a paid dlc.
Technical	Recommended	56.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/T3chnicalGamer/	- - -[ Audience: ] - - -☐ Kids☐ Everyone☐ Casual players☑ Hardcore players☐ Pro players- - - [ Graphics/Animation: ] - - -☑ Potato☑ Really bad☑ Bad☑ OK☑ Good ☑ Beautiful☐ Masterpiece- - - [ Price/quality: ] - - -☐ Free☐ Full price☑ Wait for sale☐ Average☐ Refund it if you can☐ Don't do it- - - [ Requirments: ] - - -☐ A Potato☐ Minimum☐ Medium ☐ Fast☑ High end ☐ NASA computer- - - [ Difficulty: ] - - -☐ You just need 2 arms ☐ Ez☐ Easy to learn / Hard to master ☑ Hard☐ Dark Souls- - - [ Game time/length ] - - -☐ Really short ( 0 - 2 hours)☐ Short ( 2 - 8 hours)☐ Few hours ( 8 - 12 hours)☐ Long ( 12+ hours)☑ Endless- - - [ Story] - - -☐ It doesn't have one☑ Not great☐ Decent☐ Average☐ Good☐ Fantastic- - - [ Bugs ] - - -☐ Game itself is one big BUG☐ Bugs destroying the game☑ Lot of bugs☐ Few Bugs☐ You can use them for a speedrun☐ Nothing (I've seen)- - - [ Others: ] - - -The Graphics really depend if you are lucky. You could have a high end PC and it might run like trash.The game is really repetitive (Gather resources, make stuff, raid, die repeat).Overall i would recomend this game.☐ = No ☑ = Yes
Kenny	Not Recommended	1,233.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198297420707/	Unreliable servers. Terrible/nonexistant customer service.♥♥♥♥♥♥poor optimization. Priority for game changes for PVP which is forced on PVE servers. beta testers kicked to curb with "legacy server" system. Frequent nerfs. Base wipes. Lost dinos and items to bugs with no recourse. This game is built to keep players grinding ingame just to sustain the players existance.
Beetle	Not Recommended	149.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198096282590/	I played this game for 130 hours in Alpha/Beta it was fun...it was a buggy mess but meh its in Alpha right...?Today 30/08/17 i updated and jumped back in now, to at full release an even BUGGIER MESS!!!The frame drops litterally going from 100+ FPS to 15 FPS every time i either went into options or inventory.This game in its orginal form was so much fun with friends but not now. 2 years ago in Alpha - 8/10Now that it has come out as a "finished game" -  3/10
Mojojo	Recommended	756.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mojojo88/	This is one of the best Early access games have ever been made. We can clearly see that people who made this game, are responsible for it, and what they had in mind, and what they delivered, is just outstanding.This game has so much content, it's so HUGE. Games like Rust, it has existed for 2 years, this game, has already more content.For Sure you will meet bugs, optimization issues, but they work from the first day they made this game, they patch it, they update it.You remember all start ups of Early access games? Forest? Rust? Dayz? This game, it feels different, it feels growing, growing really fast, and it feels save, that people who own it, they do their job, and i can tell you now, this is gonna be the best.This game is just wow.Do you want to support another Early Access game, but you think it will be a dead end?No. This wont.Buy it.Enjoy this growing flower.
Toeslap	Not Recommended	64.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198056117049/	 Paid DLC  for an  Early Access Game . Are you guys serious?
aphexcoil	Not Recommended	1,237.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197979630744/	This game has more bugs than a bait store.  Devs have delayed the game due to already making paid DLC content for an early release game.  The devs have continued to delay the primary game by going for a cash grab with paid DLC. AVOID THIS GAME.  This is just another version of NMS.
ricket5	Not Recommended	4.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/rickets_/	What's this about DLC for a game that isn't even finished yet? This is the wrong way to do Early Access games.
Y.T.	Not Recommended	449.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/funfter/	Until now I liked this game and its constant updates and waited for my review until realease.But now I have to say it is not recommended for new players to buy it. They released a DLC that you have to pay instead of finishing ARK EA.When you bought this DLC you can tame a dragon in that world and cross over to original ark. So of course others that didn't pay for it won't get it. Wait for what's happening next.There are no info about some mayor things they would have to work on imo like bad basebuildingsystem, no dino pathfinding, no special dino behaviour (they just spawn randomly in their biom and walk around), lame berryplants, bad performance and a lot of bugs. 
🚀	Not Recommended	2,596.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198142421156/	I used to love this game but now I am going to give it a bad review due to that fact they Wildcard is now charging for their Scorched Earth DLC when they have not even finished the base game which is still poorly optimized and full of bugs. I sure am glad I paid for the development of paid DLC when the game I bought isn't even finished yet.
Nicalis	Not Recommended	23.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198042823891/	ARK had so much potential, but with recent updates and anti-consumer business practices, I can no longer recommend this game. The game runs terribly on even high end systems and the game is receiving paid expansions while it's still in early access.Buyer beware. 
ImSchroeder	Not Recommended	376.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198090952219/	Wtf, paid dlc? The game is not out yet, just finish the god damn game.
Toeslap	Not Recommended	64.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198056117049/	 Paid DLC  for an  Early Access Game . Are you guys serious?
aphexcoil	Not Recommended	1,237.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197979630744/	This game has more bugs than a bait store.  Devs have delayed the game due to already making paid DLC content for an early release game.  The devs have continued to delay the primary game by going for a cash grab with paid DLC. AVOID THIS GAME.  This is just another version of NMS.
ricket5	Not Recommended	4.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/rickets_/	What's this about DLC for a game that isn't even finished yet? This is the wrong way to do Early Access games.
Mustache	Not Recommended	0.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198026905983/	Lol how can you release paid DLC before you finish the damn game?
SeKh	Not Recommended	4,882.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197980253874/	I loved this game. I really did.But we're now with a blatant Pay2Win with additionnal and overpriced FINISHED DLC PRODUCT based on a CORE GAME UNFINISHED and which suffers many flaws known from the start, really ??To all of you who defends this kind of non-sense, I can't wait to see your reaction when they will charge you for the second Jungle or Tundra DLC before releasing the main game.
Guild Carver	Not Recommended	13.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/GuildCarver/	I wanted this game to be good. I bought it very early on and gave it the benefit of the doubt. But sadly this game never got better. Hardly any work has been made on the core game. A dino here a lame game mode there a $20 DLC for an unfinished game there. Seriously this game could have been amazing. But instead it's a waste of hard drive space. Poor optimization, next to no improvements on minor gameplay bugs, no benefits for trying to roleplay or play with friends. No just plagued with DayZ/H1Z1 shoot on sight bean war walking simulator 2k17. Do not waste your money and if you get it for free save your hard drive space.
<SK> | Duque!	Not Recommended	4,331.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/168435744995/	ARK is like an abusive relationship.You date for a few days and fall in love.  You think this is the most amazing relationship ever and will provide a lifetime of happiness.  Then, after a few months, something changes, but you adjust to the "new order".   You begin to feel that fuzzy warmth of stability and love and then the DEVS screw you.  They break your heart.    Still, you remember the good times and think it's a one-time occurance.   All is great for a few months, with a few bumps in the road.  You grow, have fun, think the romance has been rekindled, ....and then they screw you HARD and break your heart again.  Like a marriage, you think "But, I've invested so much of myself.  We've been together for so long" and decide to give them another chance.    You continue to invest yourself, knowing full well that there are problems, but trudge on thinking that you'll get through it and reach a point of mutual happiness.   Then, like an abusive drunk, they come home and painfully violate you.   You finally leave for a few days or a week, but begin to think of the "children".   ...the hundreds of hours of love and care you've put into raising, feeding, and cuddling with your baby dinos.   Reluctant and suspicious, you return.Wary of the potential for another rampage, you go back to focus on your baby dinos.and doing your own thing.   You know you're growing apart and it's only a matter of time.   You begin "seeing other games" as you plan your exit from the ARK relationship.FInally, it happens.   ARK DEVS come in and start clubbing "the children" like a bunch of Canadians on a seal Pup hunt.  The carnage is so complete that there's nothing left for you to come back to.  All sentimentality and dreams of "what was" and "what could have been" are beaten out of your soul once and for all.Crushed and with nothing left to lose, you leave, without so much as taking a toothbrush.
Le Gabon	Not Recommended	130.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/LeGabon/	Not worth the $66.49 CDN they are charging for it.
silalus	Not Recommended	57.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/silalus/	I want to like this game. I want to love it. Every screenshot and gameplay video is beautiful, and the concept is awesome.But the problem is it isn't done. It isn't even close. The developers consistently chose to add content over basic gameplay- even going so far as to release paid DLC while the title was still in early access. The result is a game that looks very pretty, but is absolutely filled with bugs, poor performance, and imbalance.Now at full release it's priced as a high end AAA title, and it's absolutely not worth that. Don't be fooled. They released enough models and maps so that the imagery from it LOOKS like that, but in reality I'm afraid it didn't make it to that level at all.
Z0mbie_Juggernaut	Not Recommended	5,415.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198260111982/	I used to love this game. ARK used to be good but they ruined their own game. The developers seem to love screwing over their fan base on a regular basis. These guys have no experience running a business and it shows. Bugs, bugs, bugs, bugs & more bugs that never get fixed or get fixed and then reintroduced. Their lack of communication is almost comical. The moderator abuse of people in the forums is out of control and they don't care. The more time you spend around these guys the more they seem downright evil. There's no other way to put it. They seem to be in it only for maximizing profits. So sad.
Shiria13	Not Recommended	72.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Shiria13/	Come on now, why would you put out a paid DLC for a game you haven't finished yet? That's just bad manners.
babe	Not Recommended	7.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198063259020/	why tf are you working on paid dlc when you can be fixing the many problems your broken♥♥♥♥♥game has?
Greeen @TG18	Not Recommended	646.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/samosnik/	paid dlc for an EA game? Really?
Rainstormm1	Not Recommended	344.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/RebelAlliance/	It was fun in the beginning, learning the game and meeting new people but it was and is full of bugs then it became another life in its own from taking care of your dinosaurs to RAISING a hatchling.  It was crazy so i initialy uninstalled and waited a few months before coming back to a EARLY ACCESS GAME with PAID DLC.  The initial game ISNT EVEN FIXED YET  PLEASE PRIOTIZE DEVS!
OmniRusted	Not Recommended	262.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/omnirusted/	NEW REVIEW:Went back to the game and put 200+ hours in to it over a period of a couple months, just to REALLY give it a chance.Came back here and read my old review (seen below). Not a single thing has changed. If anything it's worse now. "Boss fights" are basically just a game of Pokemon where you sit back and do nothing while your dinos do all the work. The "dungeon crawls" are so badly designed as to be laughable. Good luck getting through those without an admin to teleport you around (not even exagerating). To get anywhere in game, even on servers with advanced rates and no PVP, it can take literally weeks of IRL time. You will then lose all that hard work in an instant due to bad game design or the INCREDIBLE amount of unresolved bugs in the game.The DLC maps are pretty, but that's about it. Still lots of bad game design. They keep pumping out more DLC maps to squeeze money out of people, but there is no quality in the maps, just a lot of quantity, crapped out before they move on to the next one without going back to fix a single thing.OLD REVIEW:This game had a lot of potential. Dinosaurs you can tame and ride, crafting and building, survival, multiplayer, all sounds great right? Too bad for the horribly bad delivery, money-hungry developers, and absolutely toxic community. Like what you built? A bunch of 12 year olds are going to destroy it while you're at work. Finally tamed a good dino? Enjoy the 10+ hours in real time it can take to tame it (not even joking, usually takes longer), in which you have to babysit it, in which time any other dino (or more likely trolling 12 year olds) will kill it anyway. Like new content from a game that's still in beta? Enjoy the $20 (or more) price tag the developers put on a DLC that should have been free, then them complaining about not getting enough money. Like playing alone? There's absolutely no point, as practically all the content is designed for large multiplayer clans with no jobs. Like crafting/survival games? Enjoy grinding for exp and collecting shrubs for hours at a time.Absolutely not recommended unless you have a lot of free time, a bunch of friends with a lot of free time, and really like toxic 12 year olds.Graphics : 8/10. One of the most beautiful games I've ever seen. If you could get rid of the blur on everything it would be really helpful.Sound: 4/10. Nearly pointless. I hear there's music, but it's so infrequent it might as well not exist.Gameplay: 2/10. Buggy, as well as 10+ hour dino taming times. Breeding is even worse.Replayability: 2/10. How much do you enjoy collecting shrubs and grinding for exp?Community: 1/10. Trolling 12 year olds and people with buyers remorse on the time they've wasted. That's it.Developers: 2/10. So much potential wasted.
Awkward_Seppuku	Not Recommended	29.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/o_sphere/	Such a fantastic concept.Such a frustrating, atrociously optimized, near unplayable mess of a game.It's the kind of game you really really really really want to like, but which keeps going cur on you.Laughable optimization (terrible performance even on a high-end system), erratic connectability, an interface that somehow keeps getting worse every time they change it, shady business practices, toxic community,...Avoid, especially at that ridiculous price. 
Bearlike	Not Recommended	31.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/BearlikeIRL/	Devs decided to use manpower to make paid DLC, insted of finishing this Early Access game.
Commander Flufflepuff	Not Recommended	1,409.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ZaikerCodz/	I love this game, I have my own PvPvE server and i've got over 1200 hours at this point of writing.Before you read my personal review please understand, I really love this game, its what early access is capable of achieving with the community.Now the bad points first in quick format, Bugs, Crashes, Driver Errors, dev team split into multiple platforms but yet still in EA (Early Access) and finally but not least PAID DLC.Bugs: Falling through the earth, inventory disappears on logout, Beacons disappearing when looting ONE object, dinos die randomly, dinos fall through the world on loadup, Characters being deleted on death (Rare case) and many more im afraid..Crashes/Driver Errors: If you run AMD you are good, Nvidia support is♥♥♥♥♥♥ (Yes before you idiots comment, I update my drivers every time a new one is released I have 3 automatic checks a day for Drivers.Dev Team: Personally I think the DEV team cannot support handling Xbox and PC. They are not fixing any of the above issues so I think what I say has some standing there.Paid DLC: well... 2 weeks ago I bought this game for my friend and the game had 96% positive ratings, day before the DLC the ratings were 90% positive. Yesterday the game had 42% positive, now its at 39% positive at time of writing this... (All ratings are of last 30 days as that has the most dynamic ratings)I love this game.. but it needs alot of work and I can place a bet the DLC will be made FREE within the next month or two or Wildcard risk alienating their playerbase. Which as we have seen with many games in EA, they do not survive when public opinion turns away.
Riffage	Not Recommended	415.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197968841036/	Even though game looks promissing, it is still unfinished, non optimized and full of bugs. And the greedy developpers decided to work on paid DLCs instead - on unfinished product, in early access too - just to sell more stuff to us, stupid customers. SHAME!
Syranius	Not Recommended	265.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198005361818/	I love ARK the Idea is great shure there some Bugs, okay on the center there are major BUGS but i would have said i recommend this game......BUT with the releas of the PAID-DLC where you can tame Dragons and bring them to non DLC servers, and the fact that hiis game still has many bugs in the base version i have to say:                               !!!NO I DONT RECOMMEND BUING IT!
✪♔BIGBEEFY	Recommended	146.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/bigbeefy/	Raised a dodo bird army of 15. killed a t-rex with dodo army lost 6 dodo birds in the fight tamed 18 more -total 27 -to this day they call me dodo man on that server-10/10
GoldSaw	Not Recommended	727.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TheGoldSaw/	What developer makes DLC while not only in early access, but keeps ignore game breaking critical bugs after months? These ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.
InertFurry	Not Recommended	928.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jagadid/	This is a classic example of a soaring success getting massively off topic after getting lots of money and forgetting all the promises they made to their playerbase.Updates got slower and less fleshy and they started to project force they didn't have into other arcs of development apparently without hiring talent for it.  Chains of bad decisions finally cap off with paid DLC for a game that's not done yet. My first question is Steam: Why in the glorious heart-censored ♥♥♥♥ are you letting them even sell that?
fishsaus, the 9th planet	Not Recommended	5.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197977817991/	Charging money for the new map like it's a new game, shame on you!
Querienca	Not Recommended	2,007.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198195279930/	This game hs the potiental but devs are to concerntrated in trying push new content instead of fixing the current problems that have.The community is far to toxic, its not just the chinese and russians but they play a huge part in the toxicity of the PvP servers. Unfortunately not much can be done on that unless regionlocking which would screw the game further. They've made it far to easy for the mega tribes to greif servers constantly and persisting to do so weeks on end and the only thing you can do is have a constant watch on the server and get up at times when your server is quietest. Small tribes or even medium tribes dont stand a chance as they can transfer from server to server which high quality gear,  dino's, rafts and turrets and merely mess with the server for hours on end. Dev's have once again screwed up massively. The game has to be a full time commitment or not point playing.This being said there is good points to the game dont get me wrong, there are ways around the constant grinding and hardwork. Personally i play offical as its more sense of an acheivement but also means every single loss of item, gear or dino hurts that little more.You can have fun and there are multiple offical servers which arent full of those bigger tribes who raid you for no reason other then the fact that they're either scared or arent big enough to do proper raiding. All in all this game is good, has alot to work and should be worked on instead of releasing more  new stuff.
Dr House	Not Recommended	7,863.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197961964858/	I'm guessing everything has been said many times.In short.  Devs love listening to few whiners as majority play in silence. The game has good features but the devs insist to follow other developers in making another grind fest so that only larger groups (tribes) can achieve any content. This was their worst nerf bat by far that has made this one of worst grinding games. Now for ranting* Devs keep turning game into another endless grind game. Anything we discover to increase production so tribe can move into content of game, they listen to a few whiners and nerf bat to increase the grind.* Happy you got an mastercraft or ascendant blueprint for that sword? It only took you months of grinding, taming, breeding and leveling to get it out of that snow cave or water cave that you just lost your mossa to. Now go grind 1,400 metal and craft all that metal into a light weight sword. Cause 1,400 lbs  of metal will only weight 5 lbs when you pound it on the smithy. Now that you took all that time to gind mats to craft your sword. Watch the devs toss in more and more dinos that will steal your sword. Shock you to death where you can't swing sword to defend. Knock you off flyer to your death.  But hey.. you did get to hold that sword for 10 minutes!  They'll have 5 new dinos next week to make you lose your gear in more ways. And don't forget! Next week they'll nerf your grinding again so you appreciate those 10 minutes of holding sword even more!  .... * "Duke Nukem Forever" has nothing on how long this game will be 'Beta'* "OMG we added something that turned out benificial to players!  Where's the nerf bat!"* "Look!  A tribe found another way to get past auto aiming turrets that has intuition if the dodo is tamed or not! Dev team, we must stop this!" *** (credit for the individuals who can pound a pearl with metal to distinguish if an animal is domesticated).* "Dev team. Put on your heroic capes and figure out how else we can force people to join large tribes or chose to complain so we can pull out the nerf bat again!"I could go on all night. But i'm just having a little fun.  I'm not ranting in anger, but posting in disappointment.  At this point I can not recommend to anyone to purchase and question myself on why i'm still playing. I can't blame all the people I know that just left this game and all they worked for.  Don't buy it until the company gets a better understanding that we play for content. For fun.  Building, taming, caves, bosses. And not for grinding 40 hours a week per person to do so. 
Frostbite	Not Recommended	1,416.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198071051880/	I have played over 1300+ hours on Ark Survival Evolved.After experiencing in full what the game has to offer.I am very happy to see that the VAST MAJORITY who's played Ark are united on the same page and feel the same way about this game.That general consensus being that this game had great potential but the developers has done nothing to help it's community in achieving what it's player base wanted.Ark is fun in some ways. However, it is THE MOST TIME CONSUMING game you will ever play. This is due to the system of the game which offers no balance to new players or fresh players that have just come to a new server. The aim of the game has become to oppress the newcomers and to never trust a single outsider, sometimes even the members of your own tribe who may seek to overthrow you.As the leader of an official server, despite having achieved all I needed to achieve to be at the top, I soon realised it was taking me 3-4 hours of daily maintenance in order to ensure my base was up to date and secure. To spend that much time just to be on a game NOT TO PLAY, but to complete "Chores" in order to survive in a game before being able to play in it is much too ridiculous if I may say so.The bugs and glitches are many and yet the devs continue to implement and add new things and creatures to the game without improving the gameplay or optimization one bit.EXAMPLES INDLUDE: You can easily get stuck in rocks and die of a glitch anytime. You can sit down on a chair you made and try to fish and suddenly you die due to some completely unexpected glitch is just fkn unacceptable.With all of this being said, there are still quite a few things that aren't quite right with Ark. Whilst many of us have supported Ark's Developers and invested much of our hard earned money in hopes of seeing this game come to fruition. None of this has come true for us. To add a final bitter aftertaste for all of us loyal supporters who helped support this game for years, we are then forced to an Ultimatum to either purchase the game for the full price or not be able to play this game even after paying $30 USD for a poor Early Access which required financial aid from a then non-existent player base.Having given a piece of mind, I bid this game farewell. AND I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS GAME TO ANYONE.JUST PLAY A BETTER GAME AND SUPPORT BETTER DEVELOPERS.Have a good one. Thanks for reading.P.S - Thank you to the Ark Developers who created something that had some great features in it and for enabling me to make some great moments and memories through the game. Sorry I am unable to support you any longer. Good bye.
Blackguard	Not Recommended	203.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/BlackGuardGaming/	There are simply some games that I cannot write a proper review for due to a lack of space, so Ill try to be breif, keep in mind, theres no "Yes and no" recommendation, I chose negative because people wanting to see the reasons to avoid the game may gain more from my review, I recommend the game for some and not for others, as seen at the bottom. Ark is a game that should be considered a dream. The concept is something every child dreamed of, a world of riding dinosaurs, having them as pets, exploring? What kid didnt wish for that at some point??The issue is the direction Ark is being developed in. Heres the scoop. The game devs play much more to the massive clans of gamers who have all day to play and keep bases, this is understandable since most of those players are wholly devoted to the game, get more gamers on to join their clan, etc.So to put it in perspective, the games progression goes Cavemen gear>Cowboy gear>futuristic assault gear and bases of metal with generators and such. You can probably see the issue with this, is that theres a massive leap, and to compound it, most content is endgame content. This means a simple thing, you and your buddy, 2 people, are wholly, and totally, dead. You will never, ever make it past the age of basic firearms. In Vanilla gameplay, it will take you literal weeks of constant work to get anywhere IF You are never snuffed out along the way, this game is designed for massive clans of 20+ people who can play most of the day (Same issue rust has, the only people who get anywhere dont have lives and never leave the computer, therefore never can be offline raided, see?) As if it wasnt already a bit one sided, they plan on adding MORE endgame content for the bigger clans to chase. the "Teck" age of plasma weapons and dinos with plasma cannons on them. The hugely linear progression with its massive jumps make this game a huge chore to play even in private PVE servers (The only place small groups can play). The fact the devs are adding even more to endgame shows a clear bias toward the big clans that everyone despises for ruling servers. In addition to this, the game itself is out to get solo or small group players. The way dino's level makes it so you dont know if a dino is going to take 1 shot or 15 shots of your rifle. The levelling system is extremely overdone and defeats immersion by making it feel like playing borderlands with a level 50 friend when you are level 1 (Hint: Your guns do nothing). Thats not even all though! And as a final nail in the solo coffin, you cant learn all the blueprints with one character and that character only unlocks them with level, so you and your little group better plan out in precision who learns what. Now, while so far ive been hard on the game, I reiterate my point that this is a dream game. In a private server with settings designed to make the game a less-hellish experience for small groups, it is super fun! No big clans to kill you, increased rescources and survivability, and suddenly you have a fantastic PVE game that lets you live out some of the fantasies you had as a kid. All other points are listed below.PROS -Fantastic concept-Incredible array of dinos that can be tamed and used for their own talents (They add dinos in so much that its almost worth complaining that they dont devote that time to other things)-Under proper circumstances for small groups, its a fantastic survival exploring game-For massive clans, its the be all end all in fantastic PVP-Very active dev-team that do seem to honestly care about the game, they are great people.-Very customizeable servers allow you to bypass many of the negatives shown and have fun by doing things like increasing player health and whatnot. CONS-Almost impossible for small groups or solo guys to survive on anything but PVE, private servers or heavily modified unofficial PVP servers. -Huge amount of bugs and crashes, Dinos dont even have pathfinding and cant see obstacles, will happily walk into a wall for an hour, and have gotten stuck in trees since the game first came out and still do. -Easily the worst optomized game ive ever played, 3 minutes to load for me with a SSD (Some people report 45 second load times, I dont doubt this is possible with a top of the line rig (Mine is no potato, custom made and upgraded just months ago) -too little focus on early game content, too much focus on late game content, stated this trend will continue with the "Teck Tier" http://ark.gamepedia.com/Tek_Tier-Released DLC with items that should have been in the base game during early access (Boomerang, Whip, flamethrower, etc, desert armor, etc) -Worst building system of any survival game ive ever played, spend 3 hours to create a tiny base just because of how expensive parts are, the running back and forth because of encumberment, and the finnicky behavior of the system. -Admins are extremely tied in terms of what they can do, the fly command moves you at a snails pace, you cant build or create things without first spawning them, then you have to keep your weight limit in mind as it still applies in god mode and fly mode (Essentially no creative mode)-Many items are nerfed to the point of being useless. Grapple hooks are awesome, but useless that they can only be used once, same with bolas. Sleeping gas doesnt work on dinos, Sleeping gas traps cant be used to help tame dinos, tons of silly rules that just make the creative choices one could make disappear. -Stealth system is next to nonexistant, which is strange in a game where you will spend hours trying to hide from large dinos.RECOMMENDATIONIts simple, if you have a top of the line computer and a massive clan and tons of time to give to this game, you should buy it, full price, it is entirely worth it on every levelIf you do not have a top of the line computer, DO NOT BUY IT, NO, IT WILL NOT RUN ON YOUR LAPTOP! EVER! I have seen so many people complain on the forums that the game wont run on potato# 221, this has been made clear and YOU are responsible if you buy it for a rig that cant play it!For people who CAN run it and have small groups or solo, I would hold off until the game is more balanced and fixed up. It can still be a ton of fun, thats not in doubt in any aspect, and the larger the group you have, the more worth it the game will be. For most, this is a game you will want to hold off on until its more complete.SUGGESTIONS-Give a better set of instructions on the "Sliders" given when creating a server, no one guesses that setting player resistance to a lower number would make them stronger ingame (Which is exactly how the slider works) -Expand on other epochs and styles besides primitive and superpowered. Give us some stuff in the middle, maybe some things from the age of exploration. Elephant guns for hunters, compound crossbows for the stealthy assassins.-Increase the usefulness of items that arent used much, grappling hooks would be much more common and helpful if they didnt last one shot only, the sleeping gas weapons are a tamers dream, but dont work on dinos, etc. -Return vehicles to the game, and give them to all epochs. Ill happily take a pedal powered vehicle made of vines and Macgyver sweat during early game, helicopters late game, that kinda thing, let there be a choice between dinos and vehicles as they each have merits (And some of us truly do miss the buggy that was removed)-The taming and breeding times for some dinos is entirely insane, (I am talking 9 or more hours of continuous attention under some circumstances, and for breeding and growing a baby, sometimes days)-EDIT FOR TECKI dont need to say much on the new teck tier trailer, it speaks for itself. Are the toys amazing? Yes, does 90% of the trailer show those toys getting used on people who have no chance of survivng an assault by them? Also yes, take that as you will.
Moon	Not Recommended	235.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/moonrocker/	I enjoy ARK it's a great concept, looks beautiful (if you have a top of the line card to run it) and the interaction with other people on all servers is great. However, this paid DLC release has me rather upset as just the day before it's release I launched ark started a singleplayer game and walked 3 feet to find a brontosaurus have lodged into a rock and unable to be interacted with.For those of you saying that we shouldn't be complaining about paid DLC, this game is unfinished and they released DLC for an unfinished game.This is comparable to let us say I bought a car from toyota I paid them up front expecting to build me a car, they sold me on all the features power windows locks heated seats etc. Now my car is kind of finished it has seats but they aren't heated and I have windows but I have to crank them myself. Toyota now decides to releasea new car, my car, but with a different paint job and tells me that if I want this car I have to pay them the same amount as the original unfinished car but I can only have this car if I've bought the first car too.This is bad business practice, no matter how you look at it.I love playing this game it's great I would like it more without all the bugs. I'm okay with more delays of release date to fix said issues but not if the delays are due to them painting another car to try and sell me without the proper amount of people to work on the original product promised.While I want to recommend this game I cannot recommend the company same as I would for Electronic Arts a game backed by an untrustworthy company is not a game that I would tell others to play. Hopefully Wild Card can figure this out and turn something around to persuade much of the community into appreciating them and this game again.EDIT: To add to this argument of you got your $20 worth of time out of the game. This is invalid for the main reason of imagine buying a hot dog and getting 3/4 of said hot dog eating it and being kind of full but still wanting the other quarter. An unfinished undelivered hot dog still leaves me hungry and wanting the last 1/4 of my hot dog.
yeah	Not Recommended	795.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198058968659/	The game is good, and it's especially fun if you play with people you already know, but..70 Euro?Not worth the money at all. Maybe 35 Euro max. 70 Euro is insane.
Dinoman9877	Not Recommended	1,042.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Dinoman9877/	With over a hundred hours under my belt, I'd say I'm sufficiently versed in ARK to write a review of my own, as redundant as it may be.Before I begin, I am posting a disclaimer: ARK, at it's core gameplay mechanics, is a fun game. I've played more of ARK than I ever have of the Stomping Lands. But like the Stomping Lands or any other survival game, it's not the game that's the problem, it's the people.AND THIS REVIEW ONLY APPLIES TO PVP SERVERS, MOSTLY OFFICIAL.My time in official servers are indeed limited. But the mix of what I have seen and reports from my friends and other Ark players tell me that Official servers are bad. One of the moderators has apparently even called them cesspools. Unofficials aren't immune to griefing, but you'll be better off in them.ARK: Survival Evolved is a different take on what we wanted since the Stomping Lands. Surviving against dinosaurs and teaming up with friends to harness the awesome strength of these animals and build amazing forts. Sadly, what we have right now is a grief fest with dinosaurs in the background.It IS the Stomping Lands. Sure, it's prettier, it's got more species and structures and blah blah blah. But I see dinosaurs wandering around aimlessly in ridiculous numbers with no proper herding behavior, angry predators that can chase you forever and kill everything in their path until they die, and people just KoSing and destroying everything in sight. There is little, in its current stages, setting this apart from the Stomping Lands. But there is tons of potential here and the devs can easily move ARK away from its deceased predecessor.As it stands, ARK's gameplay is like the Stomping Lands in that you're probably going to log on to your stuff being destroyed. The only way to prevent that is to get amazing defences as quickly as you can. I did that once, tamed a bronto before I was even half way to getting the saddle. He became obsolete after Tyrannosaurs were powered up, and a Tyrannosaur that was lower level than him killed him before that patch anyway. I now have my own Tyrannosaur, and my tribe has only been raided one time since we got him...and by raided I mean the people attempted to raid us but our Tyrannosaur ate them all.Before all the 'hardcore' PvP lovers come yelling at me and calling me a carebear and that I should go to PvE, let me make one thing clear. I don't mind PvP, PvP can be fun, but not as it is now. Let me explain better for those of you who do not have the game yet.Like Rust, which I have not played, ARK uses a 'sleeper' mechanic. You log off, your unconcious body remains in the world for others to do with as they please. If you've worked hard, hopefully you have a decent wall and a few loyal dinosaurs between your loot and any looters. However, the tamed dino AI is somewhat lackluster, as are the sensory ranges of some of the animals over all. And the balancing is even worse.This game suffers from a bad case of PvO. Player versus Offline. Essentially, you log off, cowardly raiders ride in on their dinosaurs, kill your dinosaurs since your dinosaurs don't attack as fast as mounted ones do, and then proceed to steamroll your base into the dirt, taking all your hard earned goodies with them. The raiders who attacked our base were PvOers. None of my tribe was online. It was only because of our Tyrannosaurus that our stuff is in tact. This sort of stuff will likely be the only combat you ever see, or rather never see. That, or KOSing by fresh spawns or griefing trolls. I was knocked unconcious for a handful of berries and stone pickaxe once. No joke.As it stands, there is no viable way to defend your base. There are turrets, but you must constantly resupply them with fuel and ammunition. Your dinos are probably going to do jack diddly squat, because someone is always going to have a dinosaur that is stronger than yours, and probably more of them. I can't list the number of animals I've tamed or began taming, only for them to be killed by someone 'fer de lolz'.If you buy this game as it is now, you will only be met with your work being destroyed, a multitude of times. I play on an unofficial server, and these are apparently better, especially ones where the admins and owners are active, vocal, and friendly. But you WILL lose your work, and you will most likely be offline when it happens.I want to recommend ARK, I do. If you can get your friends together it can be good fun, fleeing from hungry carnotaurs, or doing battle with a tyrannosaurus, but the fact of the matter is that you will encounter cowards who will destroy your work time and again because they're bored or get some sick pleasure out of it. Until the developers can find some cure to the PvO issue, I really just can't say you should buy it right now. You WILL waste your time rebuilding.Will I keep playing it? Most certainly, but the fact of the matter is that the PvO is starting to take its toll in other ways and it's not good. Ruins are being left like confetti on New Years' Eve in Time Square. The coast is littered with abandoned huts and bases, all broken into by griefers or raiders. And likely, the owners were offline when it happened.As soon as a cure to this ailment is found, I shall change my review. Until then, I just have to say no to buying it, for sake of your time and money. You WILL invest hundreds of hours into this game, I can tell you that. But most of that time should not be spent building back what you had because you actually had to go to sleep, or work, or go to school.
Faker v2	Not Recommended	3,314.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Faker741825/	糟糕的游戏体验，长达3300小时浪费在这款游戏中，作为一名合法玩家却遭到游戏开发者管理员滥用职权踢出服务器并加以vac永久禁封，糟糕透了，没有任何解释，只因为你是管理员便可以滥用职权-------------------Bad game experience, as long as 3300 hours wasted in this game, as a legitimate game player but was kicked out of the game developers and server administrators breach of privilege VAC permanently banned, terrible, no explanation, just because you are the administrator can abuse of authority
Rio	Recommended	661.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/riokolza/	This game caught my interest months ago, and I was watching it since then. I've been very cautious about survival games after the past few I tried have all let me down, bigtime. I usually shy away from PvP in games, so naturally I was hesitant to play this one. A few weeks ago, I received it as a gift from my significant other, and finally gave it a shot.First of all, what worried me the most about this game, was the many many stories I read about joining and being instantly ganked, being killed in their sleep, being griefed, trolled, and every other horrible PvP thing that can possibly happen. So far I just have not experienced this. Maybe I have just been very lucky....but so far I have not yet ran into someone who instantly tried to kill me. Everyone has been friendly, saying hello on voice, offering supplies, and I even met a tribe leader that took me into the tribe to teach me the basics. I just have not seen the toxicity that some other reviews talk about. But again, maybe I just got lucky. The game is beautiful. A screenshotter's paradise. It is graphics intensive but Im able to play on high without many issues (I get short freezes when I enter a new biome while flying, that's about it). There are also frequent latency issues on the official servers. Content is added all the time. It seems like every few days there is a new dino being added, and there are pretty much daily updates. I saw many negative reviews that say "the devs don't care", but I am not sure where that idea came from. Maybe I'm missing something, but they seem quite passionate about the game to me. For me the game is very addictive. It is HARD for me to get "sucked into" a game on Steam. I usually play for about 12 hours and then move on. But so far in Ark I'm at 60 hours and usually log off still wanting to play more.There are some small things that bug me, and they are kinda silly things...mainly the artistic freedom the devs use on the dinos. I know they said they aren't going for total accuracy, but small things like the Stego having 6 tail spikes instead of 4 makes me roll my eyes. Same with the two downwards-pointing horns on the Ankylo's chin. Just minor things.Overall for me, the game is one of the best I've played on Steam so far. I am really loving it, and look forward to logging in every night.
-`ღ´-✩🦋 ßยTTєяƒℓץ 🦋 ✩-`ღ´-	Recommended	3,391.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198223426672/	So .... I shoulda wrote  a review along time ago...Started playing ark  10 months go!!  Best  2,310 hours ever spent...playing with friends raiding  and most of all taming ..OOOPS... failed to mention loot ( drop )  hunting :P Pvp or Pve Ark hands down is the best  Dino Survival Game ♥ 
Softie2	Not Recommended	13.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Softie2/	Shady developers, no optimisation, released paid DLC in EA and don't even allow refunds after full release like tripwire did after kf2s problems oh and £49.99 price tag with £34.99 season pass
Jakob	Recommended	38.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198051591673/	Lets see...I probably died a few hundred timesI lost everything, and everyone, several timesI built 2 housesI tried to start a tribeI made a friendI was betrayed by another tribesmemberI started another tribe with my friendWe were both eaten by giant sharks, twice, while we tried to swim to an islandWe joined a larger tribeThe tribe built a baseMy friend tamed a Parasaur, horse dino, Co co!It died.My friend tamed another Parasaur, Co co 2!My friend logged offThe large tribe began to lose playersWe began building a spiked wall to keep the monsters out at nightWe were betrayed by another tribesmember of the large tribe, who was manipulated by a sociopath who spent the entire weekend killing AFK players near noobie beach, or breaking down doors with sticks and stonesThey killed Co co 2!I went off and tamed two Dilos, acid spitting guard dog dinos, named "Bjorn" and "Ironside"I found an amazing gorge walled off with cliffsides, that had a small lake filled with fish, plenty of wildlife, and three entryways. New base!I found two players looking at the looming asteroid, waiting for impact, our impending doom.Then I said hello, and joined themWe decided to look at the asteroid from the nearby mountainThere we where ambushed by raptors, dilos, insects, and giant ants - all at the same time!Bjorn and Ironside threw themselves into the fight!I survived. Bjorn and Ironside survived. My friends however... did notI waited, then looted, then leftI found a wild parasaur on the way to the top. Dubbed it coco the Third. Tried to tame it. Near a griffin infested cliffside.Coco the Third died.Bjorn died.Ironside died.I died.The Griffin burped.
Dyloneus	Recommended	23.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198057190957/	Devs accomplished more in two days than Dean Hall could do in a week. 10/10EDIT: I would like to say, now that this is towards the top of the reviews, that this game is fantastic if you can run it.
Ansollis	Not Recommended	352.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198080421505/	Honestly, I love playing this game. The unfortunate thing is that the developers do not have their priorities in order. DLC and Full Release before optimization and bug fixes is aggravating. I have a beefy computer that can run ultra on most, if not all, AAA games and my computer has troubles with this "game". Alt-tabbing is terrible, other programs (windows music player) run sluggishly, if at all, and finally, my friend's body in game got stretched half a kilometer, died, and lost all his items while he was asleep. Please, do not buy this game. If not because you're not running a nitrogen-cooled supercomputer, only because these developers do not deserve more money. They have no optimization or bug squashing in mind and they have the audacity to release DLC AND price hike. Honestly, garbage developers.0/10
123	Not Recommended	4,163.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197972423204/	Ark used to be a great game and really fun, the things that made the game so fun and great is still there!But as the game is right now with large tribes claiming servers instead of land on a server. The endless barrage of explosives, dinos and gear that server transfers gives is just to game breaking. Even on servers that has ARK downloads disabled you will be hunted by tribes that is able to transfer servers.Game is fun, game is great, fighting for your place on the server is always a must. But server transfers steal this fun away.Game is just for the big clans now and not for the small 2 man 3 man cells. There is great private servers to play on but the officials is just ruined.Hopefully there will come a few offical servers without server transfers where the small guys can fight on again.Until it says so in the patch updates i would stay clear of ARK: survival Evolved. 
ZiTo_HiMSeLF	Not Recommended	4.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198082438220/	This game sucks.  It's not even survival, it's babysitting.  They still haven't gotten the performance right, and now they're releasing paid DLC when the main game is still in Early Access.Do NOT buy Ark: Survival Evolved.
Rowan	Not Recommended	1.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ApertureTestSubject42/	Another cashgrab game! Nice!
Ms. Spentyouth	Not Recommended	581.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ms_spentyouth/	Game breaking bugs are still in after months, but they had time to add paid DLC to an Early Access game.
PDC_Emulator	Not Recommended	14.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/PDC_Emulator/	Diggled by DLC
ToriLaC on Twitch	Not Recommended	332.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ToriLaC/	I've had a lot of fun in this game. It's big, interesting, different, challenging, and fantastic with friends. It's been one of the better Early Access titles among really poor excuses for genuine game developers.Yes, the game is fine and dandy but I cannot recommend anyone purchase it considering paid DLC and a lot of extras have been released when the game itself is still in Early Access. When EA, Ubisoft and other devs and publishers are completely destroyed for releasing seemingly incomplete games, there's no excuse for it.
Nobody	Not Recommended	3,269.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198196081386/	Game is good. Has a lot of bugs. Devs more interested in selling new content than fixing glitches. Communication from the devs is terrible. Official server i play on has been down for a week. Not a word from devs after submitting tickets. Nice game but wait and see if it gets released before thinking of buying.
Abbraxxus	Not Recommended	50.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198055064630/	I simply cannot condone the shady business practices of this developer.DO NOT PRUCHASE, they do not deserve your money, releasing DLC for an unfinished product is unforgivable. 
furty	Not Recommended	56.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/furty/	Stop using "Early Access" as an excuse for bugs and peformance issues. If you want to release paid DLC then your game should not be in Early Access.
remi007	Not Recommended	314.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197995896158/	Oh, what's happening? Where am I? Sand... Water... Some plants nearby... But what am I supposed to do? Ugh... It's chilly out here, let's make a campfire! What would I need to make it? Some stones for placeholder, wood. But where to get it? Oh, ok, here we have a rock. And another one. And another one! :) whoo-hoo! What now? Wood. Let's hit this tree until it gives us wood! I have wood and stones now, let's make a fire! Where to put it? Maybe closer to water? No, closer to a cliff nearby, in case it starts to rain. Burp, burp... I'm getting hungry, let's eat something. Berries? ok, let's try them. Om Nom Nom... Nice! Not so hungry anymore! But still too chilly out here... let's build a hut! Yes, a hut would be nice! Let's gather some wood for pillars and thatch for covering and roof. First, make a foundation. One wall, two walls, three walls, now door frame, door... Don't forget about the roof! How nice it is to just build a house, start a campfire, look at the stars... What's that?! A dino! Whoaaaa! So freaking cool! Let's kill it! :) OMG! IT'S 3 AM ALREADY?! So nice to just have an alternative life in land filled with folliage, dinos, landscapes and full of wonder. It is hard to get along with the world, sometimes getting killed by wild Raptor or hunger or air depletion... But it's rewarding. It really is. Having Your own base to live and sleep in, ride a dinosaur that You have to tame with kibble which is made from eggs of other dinos, which had to be tamed with kibble from... and so on, is really a great fealing. Like getting a raise in real life. So why a negative review? It's early access, and they make a paid DLC. I paid You up front, so that You will focus on finishing the game! What are You doing?! It's been a year in early, some games are developed quicker than that. If You intend to keep it evolving, just say so! Tell us, that the game is finished, but it will be updated with new content. It'd be great! Maybe a little cheaper, but probably still worth it. But keeping it in early and placing a PAID DLC? I want a refund. I will write on steam support, that I was deceived by the developer, who is not intending to finish this game, instead saying, hey, ***, we are doing a paid DLC. No. No no no.
dego	Not Recommended	50.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/XerothLL/	DLC for an early access game is like paying for ketchup and mustard when they aren't even done making your sandwich
FLO	Not Recommended	8,751.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198237438622/	dear peoplesince the update 256.1 the game isnt worth to buy you cant use any bird proper everything takes hours to move if you plaY only on weekends its a useless game u need to have time and this is just a game destroying nerf and i know  a lot people including me (over 5k hrs in ark) gonna quit this game very soon if they dont change it back!
Rowan	Not Recommended	1.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ApertureTestSubject42/	Another cashgrab game! Nice!
Ms. Spentyouth	Not Recommended	581.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ms_spentyouth/	Game breaking bugs are still in after months, but they had time to add paid DLC to an Early Access game.
PDC_Emulator	Not Recommended	14.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/PDC_Emulator/	Diggled by DLC
ToriLaC on Twitch	Not Recommended	332.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ToriLaC/	I've had a lot of fun in this game. It's big, interesting, different, challenging, and fantastic with friends. It's been one of the better Early Access titles among really poor excuses for genuine game developers.Yes, the game is fine and dandy but I cannot recommend anyone purchase it considering paid DLC and a lot of extras have been released when the game itself is still in Early Access. When EA, Ubisoft and other devs and publishers are completely destroyed for releasing seemingly incomplete games, there's no excuse for it.
Nobody	Not Recommended	3,269.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198196081386/	Game is good. Has a lot of bugs. Devs more interested in selling new content than fixing glitches. Communication from the devs is terrible. Official server i play on has been down for a week. Not a word from devs after submitting tickets. Nice game but wait and see if it gets released before thinking of buying.
Abbraxxus	Not Recommended	50.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198055064630/	I simply cannot condone the shady business practices of this developer.DO NOT PRUCHASE, they do not deserve your money, releasing DLC for an unfinished product is unforgivable. 
furty	Not Recommended	56.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/furty/	Stop using "Early Access" as an excuse for bugs and peformance issues. If you want to release paid DLC then your game should not be in Early Access.
remi007	Not Recommended	314.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197995896158/	Oh, what's happening? Where am I? Sand... Water... Some plants nearby... But what am I supposed to do? Ugh... It's chilly out here, let's make a campfire! What would I need to make it? Some stones for placeholder, wood. But where to get it? Oh, ok, here we have a rock. And another one. And another one! :) whoo-hoo! What now? Wood. Let's hit this tree until it gives us wood! I have wood and stones now, let's make a fire! Where to put it? Maybe closer to water? No, closer to a cliff nearby, in case it starts to rain. Burp, burp... I'm getting hungry, let's eat something. Berries? ok, let's try them. Om Nom Nom... Nice! Not so hungry anymore! But still too chilly out here... let's build a hut! Yes, a hut would be nice! Let's gather some wood for pillars and thatch for covering and roof. First, make a foundation. One wall, two walls, three walls, now door frame, door... Don't forget about the roof! How nice it is to just build a house, start a campfire, look at the stars... What's that?! A dino! Whoaaaa! So freaking cool! Let's kill it! :) OMG! IT'S 3 AM ALREADY?! So nice to just have an alternative life in land filled with folliage, dinos, landscapes and full of wonder. It is hard to get along with the world, sometimes getting killed by wild Raptor or hunger or air depletion... But it's rewarding. It really is. Having Your own base to live and sleep in, ride a dinosaur that You have to tame with kibble which is made from eggs of other dinos, which had to be tamed with kibble from... and so on, is really a great fealing. Like getting a raise in real life. So why a negative review? It's early access, and they make a paid DLC. I paid You up front, so that You will focus on finishing the game! What are You doing?! It's been a year in early, some games are developed quicker than that. If You intend to keep it evolving, just say so! Tell us, that the game is finished, but it will be updated with new content. It'd be great! Maybe a little cheaper, but probably still worth it. But keeping it in early and placing a PAID DLC? I want a refund. I will write on steam support, that I was deceived by the developer, who is not intending to finish this game, instead saying, hey, ***, we are doing a paid DLC. No. No no no.
dego	Not Recommended	50.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/XerothLL/	DLC for an early access game is like paying for ketchup and mustard when they aren't even done making your sandwich
Rausch im Land der Raketenwürmer	Not Recommended	3,995.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198004602756/	Ive spent a lot of time on ark and it used to be the best game i knew, but mismanagement and devs too disconnected from the game to make the right decisions, issues that needed a gentle touch recieving major nerfs, all this and more is ultimatly ruining a once great experience,Now they plan on realeasing with new server clusters, clamping support and hope of existing on for the old servers, leaving the players that helped build their game in the dirt, thanks wildcard,
Dovahkiin	Not Recommended	2,884.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198029804982/	DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!Devs dont care about fixing bugs and glitches that exist since the start of the early access, such as tamed dinos vanishing, falling through foundations and ceilings, breeding glitches where babies refuse to eat anything, wild dinos spawning inside bases and destroying everything...... the list goes on, but none of the bugs or glitches has been fixed. Official servers are so laggy and terrible, they are downright unplayable even with good internet connection. Connection timeouts happen all the time and players, and sometimes the whole server gets disconnected from the game. Optimization is also terrible, even a high end pc encounters problems and other crashes during the game. Hackers, cheaters and dupers flood officials and devs literally do nothing about them even when they are reported with evidence. Each update makes the game worse in terms of optimization, bugs and gameplay. Looks like devs don't even play their own game, because they release updates without thinking about the effects and even though they say they care about peoples opinions on new updates, they never actually care about the feedback and never change any problems in new updates reported by people.Just stay away from this game and dont waste your money on it. Even if you get it for free, its not worth wasting your time on, for devs love to troll and screw players, and will do that in every chance they got.
Artchi	Not Recommended	2,064.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197993283709/	It WAS a great game, but with every big Update the Developers are Deciding to troll the Players. For Example: I spend hours of Hours to Hatch a Wyvern and skilled ponts in him and now all the points for Movement Speed and Stamina are gone.The Ark Team is full of Idiots who have no Idea how to Keep a game great :(I´m not playing this game until the Developers get some ♥♥♥♥ing Brain!!!!!!!
liezryou	Not Recommended	0.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/xxgozitaxx/	Bought this game a year ago.Played it for an hour at 5 FPS.Uninstalled telling myself i'll play it next year when i get a new computer.Next year comes.Find out it has a new paid DLC for as much as the base game costs.Find out it's still in Early Access.Haven't even built my new rig yet.Saltiness rising.Leaving a salt induced negative review.
Lep	Not Recommended	176.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/lep1701/	Releasing paid DLC for a game that's still in early access is a despicable practice and should not be supported in any way. I was initially wary of playing an early access game, and my concerns have been verified. The game itself is fun, too bad the developers are too interested in how much money they can squeeze out of you instead of finishing the game.
Niv-Mizzet, the Firemind	Not Recommended	147.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/calamitousintent/	Great game with terrible practises. Releasing paid dlc in an early alpha state? Thanks for your continued support in damaging the EA tag in games.
Wicked Coon	Not Recommended	219.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/WickedCoon/	No to paid DLC in an Early Access Title ...
shiyachki	Not Recommended	109.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/shiyachki/	No no no ... you greedy sons of ♥♥♥♥♥es! Yesterday, I gave you as an example of "How Its Done" when It came to unfinished games and etc. You are almost as bad as No Man's Sky!
Pestilence	Not Recommended	408.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Orbox/	I'll change the direction of my thumb whenever the Devs fix their game.
Boris	Not Recommended	1,186.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/BorisNaifas/	Buggy game bad development selling DLC on an Incomplete game shows what really concerns the developer team
Harry Collier	Not Recommended	282.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198011999903/	As many others have said, great game but bad buisness practice, releasing paid for DLC (which I seem to remember them saying they wouldn't back in 2015) before finishing the core game. Sorry devs but that is just not on.
furty	Not Recommended	56.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/furty/	Stop using "Early Access" as an excuse for bugs and peformance issues. If you want to release paid DLC then your game should not be in Early Access.
remi007	Not Recommended	314.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197995896158/	Oh, what's happening? Where am I? Sand... Water... Some plants nearby... But what am I supposed to do? Ugh... It's chilly out here, let's make a campfire! What would I need to make it? Some stones for placeholder, wood. But where to get it? Oh, ok, here we have a rock. And another one. And another one! :) whoo-hoo! What now? Wood. Let's hit this tree until it gives us wood! I have wood and stones now, let's make a fire! Where to put it? Maybe closer to water? No, closer to a cliff nearby, in case it starts to rain. Burp, burp... I'm getting hungry, let's eat something. Berries? ok, let's try them. Om Nom Nom... Nice! Not so hungry anymore! But still too chilly out here... let's build a hut! Yes, a hut would be nice! Let's gather some wood for pillars and thatch for covering and roof. First, make a foundation. One wall, two walls, three walls, now door frame, door... Don't forget about the roof! How nice it is to just build a house, start a campfire, look at the stars... What's that?! A dino! Whoaaaa! So freaking cool! Let's kill it! :) OMG! IT'S 3 AM ALREADY?! So nice to just have an alternative life in land filled with folliage, dinos, landscapes and full of wonder. It is hard to get along with the world, sometimes getting killed by wild Raptor or hunger or air depletion... But it's rewarding. It really is. Having Your own base to live and sleep in, ride a dinosaur that You have to tame with kibble which is made from eggs of other dinos, which had to be tamed with kibble from... and so on, is really a great fealing. Like getting a raise in real life. So why a negative review? It's early access, and they make a paid DLC. I paid You up front, so that You will focus on finishing the game! What are You doing?! It's been a year in early, some games are developed quicker than that. If You intend to keep it evolving, just say so! Tell us, that the game is finished, but it will be updated with new content. It'd be great! Maybe a little cheaper, but probably still worth it. But keeping it in early and placing a PAID DLC? I want a refund. I will write on steam support, that I was deceived by the developer, who is not intending to finish this game, instead saying, hey, ***, we are doing a paid DLC. No. No no no.
dego	Not Recommended	50.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/XerothLL/	DLC for an early access game is like paying for ketchup and mustard when they aren't even done making your sandwich
Hutch	Not Recommended	49.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/thehutcheffect/	Honestly, this game had potential. i really wanted to play this game and enjoy it, reinstalling it whenever an apparent big optimisation patch was released. And developers who were constantly updating their game and keeping the community involved.Now, i direct you to that big blue box on the store page and encourage you to read it. That box tells you that this game is nowhere near completion, has runover its approximated launch by 2 months and has "core features" like an expansive desert biome ripped out and now has a £15 price tag on it. the developers think that because the game is not at retail price, adding on the DLC still puts it under retail value. However, in that box the developers have stated that the base game will be at full retail price IF/WHEN the game actually comes out. Therefore if you are a skeptic, or wish to be patient and experience the game at launch there is going to be a full retail priced game with an additional paid £15 dlc on day launch.the devs have spoiled their reputation in one swoop and i really do not reccomend you give them the time of day until they sort this out.
SeductivEarLobe	Not Recommended	891.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198057354795/	Really disappointed with the newest patch. Was trying to keep an open mind about the new flyers but they are terrible. You can no longer ankylo farm properly and the HUD looks awful. The shortcuts in the menus have been either removed or take a step or 2 longer then before which is conmpletely unessecary. Going to be taking a break from Ark and see what happens, hopefully they make some changes on this patch.
Boris	Not Recommended	1,186.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/BorisNaifas/	Buggy game bad development selling DLC on an Incomplete game shows what really concerns the developer team
Harry Collier	Not Recommended	282.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198011999903/	As many others have said, great game but bad buisness practice, releasing paid for DLC (which I seem to remember them saying they wouldn't back in 2015) before finishing the core game. Sorry devs but that is just not on.
Smartriolu	Not Recommended	181.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198165691099/	This game is ridiculously laggy, and requires a VERY powerful GPU and CPU just to play it on minimized settings. When I looked up the requirements online, my computer fell well within the scope of playability. Unfortunately, when I started it, it couldn hardly load the map in an hour. Unless they find some way to fix this intolerable issue, I can only play this game on a computer far too expensive for me. I've requested a refund, and hopefully I'll get my money back. I doubt I'll ever be able to play this game, unless they somehow fixed the problem, (hint hint) which is unfortunate. I was so excited to play it for the first time. Unless you have a powerful gaming computer, I wouldn't recommend even considering this game.EDIT 1: I've managed to pull off an upgrade, but it still isn't really enough. Large bases drop my frames tremendously, even when I minimize all the settings, except for resolution. (If I can't run 1080, I can't play) Servers are poorly balanced and horrendously laggy on their end frequently. Spending 20 minutes stuck in the same spot, rubberbanding over, and over, and over... You get the point. It's hardly worth playing alone, because it's so multiplayer focused, but the multiplayer experience is, dare I say, terrible. I still can't recommend it until they fix multiplayer, upgrade their servers, fix the bugs, and optimize the game so (hopefully) it will run well on most recent computers. In my opinion, it was an excellent idea, but it's been executed rather poorly. I'm not saying it's all bad, but you get a little frustrated when hours upon hours of work are wasted, and it isn't even your fault- whether it be server lag, bugs, frame drops(which is kinda your fault, because of your pc, but optimiziation smooths this out) and countless other things. All in all, I'd recommend reading the reviews and waiting for full release before purchasing this game. If they can't iron out the kinks before full release, the game pretty much deserves to fail. For now, though, they have the early access tag to defend themselves with, so I'm going to end my complaining.
[SFN] Aussie Armadillo	Not Recommended	30.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198195237227/	This game "Ark Survival Evolved" has a cool concept but it wont run as smoothly on my pc it has a lot of lag when i play and makes the game less fun, also i need to run all graphics low to play the game so it somewhat works please fix this.Only if you dont look up a video on youtbe about how to make this less laggy
Frost Aegis	Not Recommended	0.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/frostaegis/	Any game that offers paid DLC while it is still in early access is garbage and not worth your time.Any developers that make paid DLC instead of finishing their game deserve neither money nor a job in this industry.
Shadie	Not Recommended	2,287.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Shadie_Games/	I can not recommend this game at the current time being that they have ruined everything my friends and i loved since relese this has been a game that me and friends have loved to play but now it is just broken they have nerfed the birds to the point where they arent even worth useing there are so many bugs in the game now its almost impossible to play without something going horribly wrong and its just getting very annoying you work so hard gathering, bulding, taming and breeding then poof it all can be gone due to game crashes or rollbacks due to the problems, thats just stupid in my oppinion ( if they didnt release broken patches all the time this would be a game i could recommend but sadly i would tell you all not to waste your time until it is proven to be fixed and far enough in the development that things like this just dont happen anymore ) but just my current oppinion
Wolf Clearwater	Not Recommended	1,820.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/FLH-Wolf/	While the concept of the game is fun, and the gameplay itself is fun, WC is definately a bad choice for this game.  The customer service is terrible.  Support for the game is terrible.  They lie, waffle on descisions, and make poor choices for priorities. This game is really a solid two years of work from being in a releasable state.  Game optimization is poor.  The servers are over crowded, or being deleted.  The time it takes to do anything is absolutely ridiculous. And then they ♥♥♥♥ their player base right in the♥♥♥♥♥like this:We are going to remove to lower 10% population servers and create new ones (that you cannot transfer all your hard work too)  Truth: 33% of the servers are being removed.We will give you 30 days to transfer your dinosaurs to an existing server.   Truth: 6 daysAnd then to top it off:  "Oh yeah, we forgot to mention if you continue to play on an existing server, no more support for those servers...so ♥♥♥♥ you".- WCPaid DLC (Scorched Earth) with unique dinos and tames.  Then they release the Ragnarok map later with the same things PLUS new things only on Ragnarok servers. Oh, and Ragnarok is free, so why should you buy the DLC?  So all the players who supported the game, encouraged them, helped in it's creation. They can just kiss the two years of building, breeding and surviving goodbye.  Clearly WC could not be more dead set in DILIGAF attitude towards the player base.Edit: I would like to add that I really do love to play this game with my friends, I just don't like being lied too.  It is very clear that that the steps taken to clear the public servers were very deliberate in their attempts to push people to rented private servers.
followthefool	Not Recommended	1,015.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/followthefool/	I have been playing this game for the past 3.5 months. It is full of BUGS, INSANE LAG and generally serious problems - like your char can wake up dead and lose all inventory completely randomly  - or the best of all when the developers messed up their own servers and forced a 30 HOUR ROLL BACK to the players. (yes, thirty hours roll back)The worst problem of all though is the DEVELOPERS. They hide behind the excuse of "early access" and never bother to fix anything. There is no ingame support of any kind and you just have to suck it each time smth goes wrong.EVEN WORSE, they never bother to listen to what is being said to forums and also OBVIOUSLY DON'T EVER TEST THE GAME.They recently implemented V256 patch which included AN INSANE NERF to all flyers. What this means? Against common logic, they made all flying beasts in the game slower than walking and without any way for you to make them better. Slow and unable to fly for longer then 10 meters in game, because they also REDUCED STAMINA TO 1/4 OF WHAT IT WASat the SAME TIME as reducing speed at HALF THE NATURAL SPEED OF WILD FLYERS. And, yes, including their best hit, dragons. This kind of nerf HAS NEVER HAPPENED IN THE HISTORY OF ANY GAME EVER. Nothing can be so overpowered that could need such a drastic nerf. The developers obviously don't even play their own game. For two days now the whole community is raging like no tomorrow in the forums - in the server I play (266 PVE - EU official on Nitrado),  people with over 200 animals and over a year of playing, have quit. And the developers don't even listen. If this doesn't change, this is the tombstone of this game.DEVELOPERS SHOULD NOT ONLY REVERSE THIS PATCH BUT ALSOISSUE AN OFFICIAL APOLOGY TO THEIR CUSTOMERS.Seriously, DON'T BUY THIS GAME. You don't want your gaming experience to be ruined day after day by the most incompetent developers in the history of gaming. 
JulysFire	Not Recommended	69.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/julysfire/	Paid DLC is not cool when it is still in Early Acess
Fortigan	Not Recommended	2,106.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/fortigan/	This games development is a joke.  They just keep releasing more and more content, but don't bother fixing anything that they already released.  Instead of optimizing the game and correcting a flood of bugs, they just keep putting out more buggy content.  The few times they do attempt to "balance" the game, they make it worse.  The latest patch included some of the most glaring mistakes they have ever come up with.  It's obvious that they did not think this through and certainly did not have a sample group test it first.  The modding community does a better job of fixing and balancing the game than the developers ever could.  This latest mistake is yet another that will force modders to come up with a way to correct.This game will draw you in, convince you to invest countless hours, then force a radical fundamental game change on you that makes those countless hours a complete waste.  Eventually you will come back and try again, thinking, "Surely they would not royally screw me over a 2nd time", only to have it happen all over again.  If you have a close group of friends to play with on an unofficial server that has the right mods and settings to suit your tastes, then this game "can" have the potential to be enjoyable. However, unless it's your own personal server, finding that right mix is like searching for a needle in a hay stack.TLDR:Wait till the game is fully released and read the reviews to see if they actually managed to make it a good game or if they just continued to make the player base hate them.  Buying the game now is like rolling the dice at the casino with every update.
Kaz	Not Recommended	17.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Kazra19/	How is it still early access and they can release paid DLC? The base game is still apparently not done.. that is why they say there are so many bugs and yet they have spent time on additional paid content. Fix and finish what I have paid for first please.
Shrek ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)	Not Recommended	2.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198080994162/	This game is an actual joke. Don't buy this. Trust me.
fortris	Not Recommended	2.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/fortris/	Sick instead of finishing the game or making it run at a decent framerate on even high end hardware you just make DLC. Keep on proving that early access is a joke.Please do not buy this.
Casually Corrosive	Not Recommended	2,016.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198134151116/	game isnt even finished and a PAID dlc. no thanks. i do not reccomend the game anymore.
JustSomeDad	Not Recommended	5.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/IHateThisValley/	If you liked Minecraft, but felt it moved at too fast of a pace and needed Dinosaurs to randomly murder you then go ahead and give Ark a shot.  But you better be prepared to be sold DLC before the game is even completed.  Would still only be an average game if they weren't being so greedy about it.
NoCTuRnAl_NiCK	Not Recommended	267.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198251890458/	This Game would be better if the developers stopped, and optimized the game. It pisses me off, that i have to take 15mins to load on to my SINGLEPLAYER server, and then its just 2 fps through out my entire playthrough if im lucky my game doesn't crash within 10-20mins of start up.
Spanx24	Not Recommended	1.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/spanx24/	Paid DLC before the game is even finished??  Burn this mother f*cker down...
Adilla	Not Recommended	727.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198305913475/	I have been playing this game for a few months and have loved it dearly! We even have our own server that is how much my family and I really love playing this game. I would give you thumbs up until today when you relased the new DLC... you guys made an outstanding game; but it ruined the players like us... We can't even get into our server, we have to take a bunch of stuff out and you guys made it to where we have to pay the DLC to be able to play which is wrong...Maybe focus on one thing at a time and fix the problems you still have cause now you have to focus onto two situations and th ebase game better be your number piority. PLease because I do not want to give up a game I love playing...
captianbacon69	Not Recommended	361.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198141699072/	i love this game but the most recent update has killed it
Fsutamu	Not Recommended	1,333.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Fsutamu/	I am here to echo the thoughts of many as to the last patch. The game is pretty much rendered all flyers more od a pain than useful. First off over 1k hours and I run a private PVE server. So 2 copies of everything. I have a great community of players that have enjoyed the game over the past few years. The game is fun first off.  Who doesnt want to ride Dinos right? After the latest patch failure I challenged myself to look back on my experience in the game and this latest patch pretty much sums it. The developers are just plain bad at there job. I understand the nerf to flyers. Dont like it, dont want it on my server but i get it. Then nerf it where it should be nerfed on your official PVP servers. Or better yet since you cant figure out how to do it right. Install ASM and uncheck the freakin box. That will solve half your issue. What I dont get is the loss of levels on tamed dinos. Yes they refunded back all the levels spent on movement speed but I am guessing they forgot to refund the levels back to the nerf on 1400 stamina now being 530 stamina. When you have a flyer you have leveled 220 and 5 mins later after the server update they are 140 and only 30 levels to reallocate its frustrating. Why is my 220 dino 170 now? What happened to the my 50 levels? Answer, bad coding and even worse management of the coders. To prove this further this game is THE joke of early access. It has been in that state for almost 2 years. 2 years EA in itself has to tell you how many issues there are and its not ready for full release. They use early access as a cruch, as an excuse for poorly optimised game play that is littered with bugs. Throw Dinos, rafts and couple of buildings in one area and it brings my i7-16gb ram-GTX1080 computer to its knees with a very shuttering 18 fps. The latest update has brought the frustrations to the surface. Players are mad about the time they have spent and lost with their tamed dinos. The PVE and PVP community continue to dwindle as the private server community expands. Why is that? The experience. Good luck joining an established PVP server without getting hammered every 5 mins and its even worse trying to get resources. Its just a bad experience unless you like getting your XXXT pushed in every minute or so.  In closing I would hold off on making the purchase. I would wait to see what happens with this latest patch. Are the devs listening, paying attention to what the community says as they say they are going to. Last pole I saw 80% wanted it changed. We'll have to wait and see what they will do. After all it is still in early access.
Tiinkerbell	Not Recommended	332.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198136127104/	Adding a paid dlc before finishing the original game is very bad form.And then delaying content that was scheduled because you diverted resources to the paid dlc.Then banning people on the forums and deleting threads.Come on.Well as you can see above I would not recommend this game now to anyone.Though I would have a week ago.
The DAZZ!!!	Not Recommended	546.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198018401391/	Ark is a videogame adaptation of the myth of Sisyphus. You spend literally hours taming dinos, building homes, and gathering resources to log out and suddenly find your base has been broken into and your dinos have been eaten by something far higher level. I want to love this game but it takes to much time. Dinos take FOR-EVER to tame. Even on modified servers some tames and breeding cycles can take literally DAYS. I'm sorry but I have a life and have other things that keep me from playing this game. At some point the fun factor just runs out and you just get sick of it. I think the addition of "DLC" for an early access game is beyond silly. So in conclusion if you like spending hours of your life gatering meat, thatch, wood, stone, and every other damn thing this game is for you. If you're OCD and have to have everything perfect and have hours to kill this game is for you. After +200 hours I feel like I've been pushing a rock up a hill only to have it roll back down so i can log into Ark and do it again...
Shadow Bot / Main	Not Recommended	1,590.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/glidersmod/	Every update brakes my server. Bad game Too m,any useless updates
Bames Jond	Not Recommended	60.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Whatdoputhere/	Here, instead of fixing gamebreaking issues and improving the game and its terrible bugs let's just add a ton of new content that further makes the game less enjoyable to play and more riddled with issues! ON TOP of all of that, let's take the game out of early access even though it's blatantly underprepared and charge people for our hideous broken product $60!
Scott Sterling	Not Recommended	392.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Selvedge/	I bought ARK extremely early, during the first or second week of release. I've watched it grow and change, I've watched devs listen and impement ideas based on input from the community, I've watched new DLC's be pushed out, along with a constant stream of new material and content.That being said this game is so disgustingly optimized it makes me wonder if it was all worth it.If you have a very high end rig, expect mediocre results, frequent video driver crashes, low FPS, random crashes and freezes.This game is unfortunately also a complete stranger with the term balance. don't even bother with official servers unless you have no job/responsibilities. This will BECOME your job.One or 2 tribes usually dominate a given server and deny the rest of the people access to a good chunk of the games content. Things take such an ungodly amount fo time to tame/gather/build and can all be lost in less than 10 min.I've had some very good times in ARK, don't get me wrong. I love the potential this game has, I love what it wants to be, but it's just not there yet.What kind of game releases DLC's in alpha, and stays in alpha for 2 years.I'd recommend you don't get this just yet.
Pestilence	Not Recommended	408.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Orbox/	I'll change the direction of my thumb whenever the Devs fix their game.
Gunblade770	Not Recommended	8.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/gunblade770/	The game runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥but I put up with it as it was promising. However, paid DLC for an early acces game?? F**k Off!
Cardinal Lord Holland	Not Recommended	1.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/CardinalLord/	Same as Others DLC before ot of EA=Death of game and S*** Devs. would refund if could and NOT support ths Trash
Unreal	Not Recommended	3.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/unreal25/	Paid DLC for early access game + ♥♥♥♥♥♥ devs. I see bright future for this game... /s
B1G TOBEY	Not Recommended	5,367.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198146245311/	thank you for the 3rd wipe!!! first swamp update than secound snow biom update and now this thanksthousand hours for nothing thanks for wiping this beauty https://steamuserimages-a.akamaihd.net/ugc/863983154927822564/6916203547E490F925AA47B571EBCD1F742572FA/ it only took 300 hours of building to finish thanksnice keep it up
konrads.dokteris	Not Recommended	96.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198216042221/	Patch 256 broke this game.
Meat Creature	Not Recommended	25.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/suicidalgoat2/	 Last played February 2016. Got tired of the bugs and bored of the lack of meaningful content. When I say tired of the bugs, I mean really really sick and frustrated and annoyed by game breaking bugs. Don't even get me started on performance that they are "working on soon" for over a year. Running at 1080p resolution you still can't run a decent 60fps on a brand new GTX 1080. Fast forward to September 2016, I get told that they released some DLC for the game. I think to myself "wow, they must have come a long way on the game since I played last." LOL NOPE. I still do my due diligence and look over what has been done these past six months or so. Not nearly enough as most of the problems are still there. I am sickened and disappointed that they are charging for DLC on an unfinished game. Upset enough to ask steam for a refund on the game. (only tried this once before on a non-working game out of 200+ games on my account)Bad news: Steam will not refund any of the 4 copies I purchased for myself and my family. Good news: I get to copy and paste this negative review 4 times. 
Hiro	Not Recommended	668.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/HiroVitality/	Finish your game before charging more money for it.
angelfrmhvn	Not Recommended	1,386.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198107566320/	I feel that the Devs could be more transparent on balancing matters, or even put out a brief summary of what the balance changes were going to be to allow some mental preperation. I feel that it has been disregarded on a number of occasions. Don't get me wrong, the game is great, but until they resolve this issue (might be one of the largest controversies in Ark, plus the lack of support for unofficials to prevent player count drops cause no one wants to play), I would not recommend it.EDIT: Devs now are doing a better job at communicating (albeit abit slow) regards with the turret changes. However, them delaying (twice) Aberration and punishing players like me who bought the season pass by giving it a discount at a much later date (twice) is a pretty big slap to the face.
FrostBiteNW	Not Recommended	392.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/FNDotDotDot/	The newest patch RUINED this game. The developers are dumbasses thinking that the change was a good idea. It is just moronic to implement a feature, such as Wyverns, where you have to spend a ton of resources to set up on an entirely different map, then use birds to steal eggs, kill alphas, and bait female wyverns, and then spend 5 ENTIRE DAYS OF YOUR LIFE to raise a Wyvern for yourself, and then to nerf the Wyvern into a point of being unusable. This is ridiculous beyond no end. I actually see no point in playing this game anymore if the developers just want to ♥♥♥♥ over people that play their game after they put hours and hours and hours into it.
Niv-Mizzet, the Firemind	Not Recommended	147.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/calamitousintent/	Great game with terrible practises. Releasing paid dlc in an early alpha state? Thanks for your continued support in damaging the EA tag in games.
Boris	Not Recommended	1,186.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/BorisNaifas/	Buggy game bad development selling DLC on an Incomplete game shows what really concerns the developer team
Harry Collier	Not Recommended	282.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198011999903/	As many others have said, great game but bad buisness practice, releasing paid for DLC (which I seem to remember them saying they wouldn't back in 2015) before finishing the core game. Sorry devs but that is just not on.
Hutch	Not Recommended	49.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/thehutcheffect/	Honestly, this game had potential. i really wanted to play this game and enjoy it, reinstalling it whenever an apparent big optimisation patch was released. And developers who were constantly updating their game and keeping the community involved.Now, i direct you to that big blue box on the store page and encourage you to read it. That box tells you that this game is nowhere near completion, has runover its approximated launch by 2 months and has "core features" like an expansive desert biome ripped out and now has a £15 price tag on it. the developers think that because the game is not at retail price, adding on the DLC still puts it under retail value. However, in that box the developers have stated that the base game will be at full retail price IF/WHEN the game actually comes out. Therefore if you are a skeptic, or wish to be patient and experience the game at launch there is going to be a full retail priced game with an additional paid £15 dlc on day launch.the devs have spoiled their reputation in one swoop and i really do not reccomend you give them the time of day until they sort this out.
SeductivEarLobe	Not Recommended	891.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198057354795/	Really disappointed with the newest patch. Was trying to keep an open mind about the new flyers but they are terrible. You can no longer ankylo farm properly and the HUD looks awful. The shortcuts in the menus have been either removed or take a step or 2 longer then before which is conmpletely unessecary. Going to be taking a break from Ark and see what happens, hopefully they make some changes on this patch.
Wicked Guardian	Not Recommended	1.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Tan531/	I know I'm just a voice lost in the herd, but I bought this game with intent to play it once I had an amazing PC to play it with. Even with a beast of a rig, the game still has hiccups and is difficult to get set up. So I dropped it, waiting for the game to be better optimized so that I could have a smooth experience. I heard they had an update and decided to check it out.... $20. ♥♥♥♥ you.
Pestilence	Not Recommended	408.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Orbox/	I'll change the direction of my thumb whenever the Devs fix their game.
Rejectz	Not Recommended	91.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/DatB_Rejectz/	£55, making it one of the most expensive base games now on steam. Whilst still been unfinished, unoptomized and full of bugs. If you buy the game at this price, you might as well take your money and start flushing it down your toilet.With the game now been this expensive, the whole surivival of the fitest fiasco and releasing paid DLC whilst in early access, it should show everyone that the developers of this game are greedy and do not care about their players
Cardinal Lord Holland	Not Recommended	1.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/CardinalLord/	Same as Others DLC before ot of EA=Death of game and S*** Devs. would refund if could and NOT support ths Trash
Unreal	Not Recommended	3.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/unreal25/	Paid DLC for early access game + ♥♥♥♥♥♥ devs. I see bright future for this game... /s
ZánÐêr	Not Recommended	1,689.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197962944812/	Way to many glitches still. Content seems like reskinned previous dinos. Poor hitbox / collison boxes. Very poor communication from the dev/PR team.Wife and I purchsed this game because originally ( day 1 ) they claimed it was dx12 ready. Over a year later and dx12 is still in the category of "a little further out" .. I do not believe it will ever be implemented.The game can be fun, but the direction it seems to be heading does not look promising.
Put another Log on the fire	Not Recommended	5,419.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198283537734/	I love this game, but the last year, the dev team have been taking this game in the wrong direction.Every patch breaks the game, makes it slightly more unplayable, it's unbalanced, not optimized at all.I dont have the strength to write down all the bad stuff, ark broke my will to live with this latest patch, the big flyer nerf took away the last fun thing there was. lol.Cheers WC.
ZiTo_HiMSeLF	Not Recommended	4.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198082438220/	This game sucks.  It's not even survival, it's babysitting.  They still haven't gotten the performance right, and now they're releasing paid DLC when the main game is still in Early Access.Do NOT buy Ark: Survival Evolved.
Rowan	Not Recommended	1.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ApertureTestSubject42/	Another cashgrab game! Nice!
Ms. Spentyouth	Not Recommended	581.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ms_spentyouth/	Game breaking bugs are still in after months, but they had time to add paid DLC to an Early Access game.
PDC_Emulator	Not Recommended	14.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/PDC_Emulator/	Diggled by DLC
ToriLaC on Twitch	Not Recommended	332.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ToriLaC/	I've had a lot of fun in this game. It's big, interesting, different, challenging, and fantastic with friends. It's been one of the better Early Access titles among really poor excuses for genuine game developers.Yes, the game is fine and dandy but I cannot recommend anyone purchase it considering paid DLC and a lot of extras have been released when the game itself is still in Early Access. When EA, Ubisoft and other devs and publishers are completely destroyed for releasing seemingly incomplete games, there's no excuse for it.
Nobody	Not Recommended	3,269.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198196081386/	Game is good. Has a lot of bugs. Devs more interested in selling new content than fixing glitches. Communication from the devs is terrible. Official server i play on has been down for a week. Not a word from devs after submitting tickets. Nice game but wait and see if it gets released before thinking of buying.
Abbraxxus	Not Recommended	50.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198055064630/	I simply cannot condone the shady business practices of this developer.DO NOT PRUCHASE, they do not deserve your money, releasing DLC for an unfinished product is unforgivable. 
furty	Not Recommended	56.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/furty/	Stop using "Early Access" as an excuse for bugs and peformance issues. If you want to release paid DLC then your game should not be in Early Access.
followthefool	Not Recommended	1,015.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/followthefool/	I have been playing this game for the past 3.5 months. It is full of BUGS, INSANE LAG and generally serious problems - like your char can wake up dead and lose all inventory completely randomly  - or the best of all when the developers messed up their own servers and forced a 30 HOUR ROLL BACK to the players. (yes, thirty hours roll back)The worst problem of all though is the DEVELOPERS. They hide behind the excuse of "early access" and never bother to fix anything. There is no ingame support of any kind and you just have to suck it each time smth goes wrong.EVEN WORSE, they never bother to listen to what is being said to forums and also OBVIOUSLY DON'T EVER TEST THE GAME.They recently implemented V256 patch which included AN INSANE NERF to all flyers. What this means? Against common logic, they made all flying beasts in the game slower than walking and without any way for you to make them better. Slow and unable to fly for longer then 10 meters in game, because they also REDUCED STAMINA TO 1/4 OF WHAT IT WASat the SAME TIME as reducing speed at HALF THE NATURAL SPEED OF WILD FLYERS. And, yes, including their best hit, dragons. This kind of nerf HAS NEVER HAPPENED IN THE HISTORY OF ANY GAME EVER. Nothing can be so overpowered that could need such a drastic nerf. The developers obviously don't even play their own game. For two days now the whole community is raging like no tomorrow in the forums - in the server I play (266 PVE - EU official on Nitrado),  people with over 200 animals and over a year of playing, have quit. And the developers don't even listen. If this doesn't change, this is the tombstone of this game.DEVELOPERS SHOULD NOT ONLY REVERSE THIS PATCH BUT ALSOISSUE AN OFFICIAL APOLOGY TO THEIR CUSTOMERS.Seriously, DON'T BUY THIS GAME. You don't want your gaming experience to be ruined day after day by the most incompetent developers in the history of gaming. 
Jay	Recommended	508.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/NiwatiX/	EDIT [Now 258 hours] [You can read my 55 hours  "first impression" below]I'm now at 258 hours, after 26 days. The game is still awesome! Everyday I find new ways to do things and new tricks so the “replayability” of this game is excellent. How many early access out there you played for 250+ hours and still feel like you are just a couple hours fresh into the game.The devs still patch the game daily, they put so much effort and energy, the bleeding edge patching is just brutal, they patch during the day, they patch during the night, sometime you patch during the evening, eat a bit, come back BAM new patch is out, no joke.But what about the quality you may ask, great question, and under normal circumstances they would fail to deliver quality content on bleeding edge speed we all know that, but quite frankly, they nailed it so far. They have a very nice workflow, they know how to push new content and game balance fixes together, one could think it's almost impossible to bring something new on every patch and he would be right, in fact they only push 1,2,3 or 4 new features, sometime small sometime big, but it ship with a lot of fixes for old stuff already in the game so everything feels new.  At then end of the day, you realize that you got only X new things in the game BUT 20 or 25 problems you had are now fixed and you feel great about that. The devs reads the game forum A LOT (on steam community so it's even better because you don't need to setup a new account, you just add your comment and that's it), they act on half the things they read, see it by yourself, go read the forum a bit and I guarantee you that the next patch will include 70 or 80% of suggestions from the players. So far they fixed the FPS, it's a lot smoother, you don't feel like dragging a whale on your shoulders when moving anymore, it's crisp and fluid. However the game is still on the laggy side of things when you play on the official servers, I'm not gonna lie, the rubberband is pretty bad, the server need to verify several things every time you take a step, so if everybody is playing actively on the server at the same time, it takes a few milliseconds to receive the answer from the server (yes the door is open, yes you can go thru that doorstep, the dino's tail is in your way you can't go there etc..). Basically your client is only a "viewer", the server receive your inputs and apply them, this prevent 99% of the cheat you could see in a more traditional game, but there is a cost, performance cost. I'm very confident they will find a way to fix this eventually, I suppose with enough money they will cut on the virtual server doldrums and buy more physical servers so everybody is happy. For now, it's the only "blocker" I could point out about the game, every thing else is personal preferences and very minor things like improving the interface a bit and balance this or that.I was eager to see the first server wipe, we all know it's inevitable, it came about a week ago (like Shmurda). They were classy about it, only an item wipe (and map wipe) to counter a nasty dupe cheat the community used and abused during a few days. We got to keep our character progression which is great. Currently they offer 200 bucks to anyone that report a successful hack/cheat on the official server (as a consultant in offensive security IRL, this entertain me a lot to see new people try to hack the sh*t out of them lol). Still no cash shop or cash grab or shady business, that's also a big plus for me and for a lot of people.-----------55 hours in a couple of days...  trust me this game is awesome! The game is on the laggy side of things right now but the devs are working hard to optimize everything.  It's a giant fusion between every survival games out there I would say,  they avoided the clichés and focused on the important game mechanics instead. There is no cashshop or any kind of cash grab, devs are highly motivated and you feel it with the bleeding edge patching process! The engine is crisp and most of the time the server reg is excellent for fighting and shooting. Also, don't get me wrong, it is an early access game and on some aspects it feels like it BUT  it could be one of the best early access I tryed to this day.
(A.S.S)_SCE_Mr.Bob Dobalina	Not Recommended	2,298.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198074720804/	Would not suggest playing this game.Do not start playing this game if you are reading this post.The game IS A LOT OF FUN.However, it is totally broken and it will suck your life away.The Developers of this game have decided to keep adding in new content while ignoring major problems like duplication glitches.The game in its current state, thanks to the cross transfer, have turn the game into large clans claiming servers and wiping everything on it.You will spend a lot of time building something that will take a person 20 minutes to destroy completely.There are many more issuse with this game and as of right now, assume every item the large clans use are duplicated. Assume every explosive, weapon and building is duplicated in that game.The large tribes know how to do it and continue to do so despite the developers best attempts.There are more glitches in this game than are shown on youtube and there are many more im sure i am not aware of after 2000 hours of play. The developers of this game have ruined an amazing game and it will forever be ruined.DO NOT PLAY THIS GAME
SpaZtiK	Not Recommended	266.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/spaztik6/	The content of this game is great, but the sheer fact that it's completely not optimized should be the biggest thing they fix before releasing it for a full price. Everyone I know has to run it on the lowest settings just to get a decent frame rate and we all have good gaming computers and are WELL above the recommended specs.Perhaps this review will make a difference, perhaps not. But as it stands, I can't recommend anyone purchasing this game without the developers first optimizing the game.
Mr Met	Not Recommended	121.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198117918319/	Absolutely disgusting business practices. Wildcard released a game with a plethora of content, yet such a pitiful amount of optimization that in some cases it becomes unplayable. Who thought it was funny to continue to add game breaking content without fixing the pile of manure that we started with. I bought this game for $15 back when it was early access and on a sale and I'm not quite sure even THAT was worth it. But, if you just so happen to have a supercomputer nearby to deal with the unoptimized heap before you, you can only enjoy PvE. Don't even bother joining a PvP server because you will instantly be greeted by the server's alpha tribe and their army of Megas who will pummel you until you leave the server. If you didn't start playing PvP 2 years ago, don't bother starting now. The small amount of fun I had in this game was in PvE with trusted friends. Of course, the icing on the cake is that their  game is so crap that you can only play multiplayer private servers 40% of the time, the other 60% is dedicated to crashing or freezing.
(C)FatheredPuma81	Not Recommended	213.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ChineseCheese/	For the game being priced like a AAA game it certainly only just has the content to pass. As for optimization and everything that makes the game playalbe sadly it's an utter failure. On top of this they even have the gaul to release DLC when the game wasn't even out and have been completely ignoring the major performance issues the game has.The saddest part is people defend the game saying it's because it looks good (I guess they haven't seen too many games recently that destroy it?) and also have the excuse of "You aren't within the insane system requirements." which even if you are above the minimum requirements the game still is barely playable with heavy modifications.Game is fairly fun other than that. I certainly wouldn't purchase the game for more than $10 personally. I didn't even purchase the game actually. I was gifted it from a good friend.
David890XD	Recommended	136.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/David890XD/	ARK: Survival Evolved ahh remember this game had spsets FPS, it charged for a long time, until here comes the update, so you have to see, the game loaded less than a minute and I honestly say that earlier I had to wait more than 10 minutes to load and yet how it is it sometimes turned off until the computer had to be restarted. But after this update what came out I'm really delighted 60 fixed FPS, the game loads as I already mentioned less than a minute really really impressed.And what is it about her? one word DINOSAURS, a lot of dinosaurs, a lot of items, on multi with friends it's great, the beginnings are hard, you can tame DINOSAURS, because there is nothing like having your own T-rex in the yard.And I can say honestly ARK is in my opinion one of the better survival with DINOSAURS I played.I recommend ARK to every fan of DINOSAURS and survival.     My rating 9 + / 10Because you have to admit that there are still a lot of bugs, but you can see that the creators are working to keep them as few as possible.     Regards.
ryan.donahue	Not Recommended	328.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ohgodanotherpatch/	How dare this company try to charge money for mod work that the player community created? Adding a new biome and map doesn't entitle one to 19.99. All the other components were already extant in the form of mods on the steam workshop. I am not sure if this game will ever actually be released. They will keep selling new PAID DLC for the early access game until it is abandonware or superceded by a competitors's , FINISHED, POLISHED project. I love this game. That is why it is so ugly so see this happening.
rovery	Not Recommended	77.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/gamestud2001/	I have waited a long time for this game to get to the point it's optimized enough to play smoother. Knowing there has been a delay in that process so they could wring more money out of their fan base is horrible. I'm disappointed I ever had faith an EA developer could do something good.
HoloKasT	Not Recommended	1,883.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198096843936/	The flyer nerf was too much, wyverns from the DLC now useless.
Gryph	Not Recommended	269.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198216895592/	ARK: Survival Evolved:ARK used to be a great game. It had stunning graphics. The gameplay was fantastic, and playing with friends was fun and rewarding. Most of that is gone now. With each weekly/monthly update the game has dropped heavily preformance wise. I used to run the game on Ultra. I now have to run the game (If I even want to play it) on high (Not much of a drop, I'll admit, but still a drop all the same). Now, the developers are releasing a DLC for a game that hasn't even come out of *early access*. Just let that sink in. Surely they should maybe finish the game, before even thinking about a DLC. This DLC is basically releasing *cut content* from a game that isn't even complete yet. It's not the fact that paid DLC is being released, it's the fact that it's paid DLC for a game that's in early access. Overall, I would have recommended the game a month or so after release, because it was really good. But not anymore. As other reviews have said, Studio Wildcard have paid *fourty million* dollars to Trendy Entertainment (The developers of Dungeon Defenders) to settle a lawsuit. So now they (Sutdio Wildcard) are attempting to get money back by releasing a DLC. For an un-released game. 'Nuff said.Sorry for the long review. Here's the word potato.Potato.EDIT: I am giving this game a go again after the plethora of updates, but am still unhappy about the DLC, dispite the fact it looks good I refuse to play it.EDIT: The price increase before it's departure from early access was f*cking ridiculous. It jumped up to £50 they've obviously made money from this game and from it's fans who seem to be completely oblivious to the fact that the developers just want their money and nothing more. I do still enjoy this game, but am not willing to support the developers - of course not all of them are bad - just the owners.
the eagle	Not Recommended	650.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/asdqwe13131/	paid dlc in a early access game........ wtf is happening
Nimassus	Not Recommended	274.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198068088066/	I could write a book why i dont recommend this game but ill try to keep it short: I played Ark since the release on Xbox one and i have seen  some  sh*t now.I dont recommend this game because...-... It should have left early acess 2 years ago.-... every "patch" f*cks up something really important.-... their nerfs are completely unnecessary and random.-... insanely overpowered animals get added evry other month.-... those animals make it nearly impossible to play alone if you dont have any expierience with this game.-... infact, these animals make Dark Souls look like Super Mario!-... they add new and unecessary tiers of technology. You wanted to play a cavemen who somehow survives in the wild with primitive weapons and some know how? We hear ya, ill will put space dinosaurs and spaceships in a future update, stay tuned!-...public serversare crowded and littered with unsused building from people who went to the server once, for 10 minutes.-... You prepared something for the last 2 hours? Here, "random" spawns of animals who are guaranteed to ruin all your plans and preparations, just to check how determined you are to keep playing this game!-... its a really nice tame you got there, would be a shame if something spawns out of the blue to kill it.-...your inventory is a dark brown bag. Good luck finding it in the woods after you died!I bet i could go on like this but i guess you get the point. They are on a mission to test your anger management and kill a promising game before it is even released!
bazinga	Not Recommended	3,668.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/greza69/	I like this game but why i should download scorched earth. I dont want it.
TinmanVin	Not Recommended	72.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TinmanVin/	Yep so looks like I found out where their time went. They were too busy pushing out their crap paid DLC instead of finishing the ♥♥♥♥ing base game. It's a good game but ♥♥♥♥ these devs.
Qrok	Not Recommended	1,490.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197975800249/	Ark has been very fun and time consuming and overall its been a great experience. Though i wouldn´t support the DLC release of a game that is in early access.
jrverden	Not Recommended	223.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198354423674/	ive been playing ark for the past two months, I downloaded all three maps and had a great time... until patch 256. ever since then my single player schorched eaarth map wont let me on and just keeps crashing...
König Marshall	Not Recommended	346.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198063166989/	DONT BUY THIS GAME! Dont spend 70$ at a game thats only worth 15$. ARK is "leaving" early access, that means it has been too long in early access, so the devs are just pushing it through. For a game where you spend so much time, theres so little to do. You cant build enough to make it fun, there are many dinos, but who cares about them. This isnt minecraft, this is just a bad game. The building is the worst. Snapping Points, Bugs, and way too little options. You have to rely on mods if you want to enjoy this game. Look up the mod Structures Plus and you see that the devs didnt even implement the stuff that was necessary. Its an okay game for 15$, but dont spend so much money for a game where the developers dont know♥♥♥♥♥♥ARK is a great Survival Game at its core. But the last few patches are making it a very time intense game. Basicly you have to play on a unofficial server if you dont want to spend hundreds of hours farming resources. ARK is becoming a very grindy experience and is getting more MMO-like instead of pursuing the survival aspect of the game.It's a shame, the fresh setting and the good graphics are nice but because of the terrible building system and the time intensive gameplay you shouldn't buy this game.
</>	Not Recommended	3,098.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/YOLOSwagginsbaddad/	Yeah... Devs don't care about players, they only care about money. Whether you PvE or PvP, they really dropped the ball on the everyone with the most recent update. Goodluck wasting 5 weeks of your life to even build a base. Might as well play unofficial with mods if you get this game. Otherwise nothing is going to happen for you.
123	Not Recommended	4,463.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/166616661666/	Was a nice game, but Wildcard totally kill it with the last patch! Rip flyers, Rip wyverns, Rip ARK!
eider	Not Recommended	15.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/zabrilla/	Selling Expacs before the game is even out of early access......Just nope.
theresa may	Not Recommended	33.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/notToom/	dlc.. early access. Nice one!
Scouting FOB spots	Not Recommended	4,693.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198157322911/	Ark was a great game and i loved it. But now that flying dinosaurs have received a massive nerf i wish i could refund this game. If a developer sees this fix Ark. #Make Ark Great Again
Nooters	Not Recommended	415.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198035905544/	Flyer Nerf in the latest patch has ruined the game... again
Buffalo Nipples	Not Recommended	919.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198128229559/	Loved this game untill the recent patch/update. Played ~50hrs a week for the last year. Yes its a game, yes its early access, yes anyone that doesnt like it will move on. Change is to be expected as the game evolves but this last patch was a huge negative. Add that with the lack of removing cheaters/hackers, (even with screen shot and video evidence), the game has just been efectively killed. Figure that many people have second or third acounts, for farming and or PVP purposes. For each of these players that quit they now lose two "players". Expect huge drops in active players. I'm sorry to give a bad review after such a long time of fun. Notice that i did give the update a couple of days to try to use it and look for merit. Just cant. RIP ARK.
Zone	Not Recommended	5.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197979519257/	This game is incredibly frustrating to try and play. My wife and I have spent so much time trying to get the game even started that we can no longer refund it. We aren't trying to play on a dedicated server, but those can be incredibly laggy when we have tried. The game has MANY bugs. One of our recent favorites is the graphics glitch with a shield showing it is equipped even after unequiping. So when you have a bow and try and aim with it there is a giant shield in the middle of the screen. Then there are constant video game graphics driver error crashes. Tried stuff recommended online to no avail. It works sometimes, but most of the time there is ONE bug in a bag of about a dozen that prevents us from actually enjoying the game. The documentation for the game is horrible. The game has many features that are just half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ The optimization for the game is poor. We both have decent GPU's and the game struggles to give us decent FPS when we can actually get it started. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME UNLESS YOU ARE A FAN OF THROWING MONEY AWAY.
achterin	Not Recommended	1,782.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/achterin/	this game has the worst devs of all time. they constantly ignore players feedback, they implement changes that are not welcommed because it makes the game a time sink more than ever. and even after a community outrage they stick to their plans. they dont understand what players want and try to force them to invest more and more time. they give players mechanics to invest time for better creatures with the breeding and imprinting system and after some months they kill all this effort with one single patch.RIP 1,3k hours. i am done with this game.EDIT: and even after 7 months i dont regret my decision, same bugs, same excuses and jet another dlc...
lt.colonelmoore	Not Recommended	421.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198120420734/	dont be fooled, this is NOT EARLY ACCESS. this game requires hours upon hours to grind out an existance. the devs seem to be more interested in selling dlc for an EA game then to actually fix and optimise the game. There's no feeling in the world like grinding to gather materials to your next tech advancement, then the next time you log on your dead. why? a dino spawned inside your house ate you and is now waiting for you to come back and grab your loot. so now you have to grind and make weapons just to get back in your house, not to mention when this happens inside your dino pen and you find your  dino (that took 2 or more hours to tame ) is dead. the firearms seemed really lack luster, your better off using a bow and arrow or crossbow which is a shame concidering how resource intensive the guns areI've even had my single player game think i was a different user . A giant base, 5 dinos, over 100 hours of work and im locked out says im not the owner. how is this even possible? after that i started using console commands but by then the game had lost all meaning, this game was great at giving you these holy $#!^ did i just survive that moments but when your not grinding for what you have death has no wieght.the online can be downright cancerous.it's sad really, i loved this game, it had so much potential but its all wasted with devs who care more about new dinos, maps and paid DLC than optimizing and fixing the major bugs in the core game. 
Vanghern	Not Recommended	581.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/vanghern/	flyiers nerf
Lurker der 1.	Not Recommended	1,611.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/lurker1st/	well, ark is a good game but the latest patch (1.04.2017) destroyed the game because they cnaged the user interface and now it looks terrible and the worsest is that they nerfed the birds and all what fly. Yout cant skill movementspeed on them and the stamina is so awful. Pleas Wild card change this or ark will die because it makes no fun to fly over the hole map and you need to land every minute and your bird or what ever you use need 10 minutes for the half way.and for the dlc: You cant escape any wyverns now, if you wnat to steal an egg you cant do this because every bird is too slow BUT: ark is a ood game only this patch destroyed it, it makes realy fun to play it.so Wild card pls change the latest patch (v.256).greetings Lurker
Novah'K	Not Recommended	334.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/nova-eyyyyy/	GG WP. Loved this game, but the recent changes have just made this game so ♥♥♥♥♥♥. "Oh we're removing speed levels on flying dinos, but hey here's a few new dinos. Lets hope they don't realise."
CokaCoder	Not Recommended	359.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198257906385/	Ark survival evolved had me at the start.  When it first arrived on early access, I got it primarily to try my DK2 out on, and the fact that they were supporting VR supposedly from the ground up, filled me with anticipation.  Many people will have shared my frustration and dissapointment, when the game turned out to be so poorly optimised.  However i struggled on when most people gave up, and upgraded my pc to monstrous proportions to continue playing.  The huge amount of money I spent eventually paid off and i actually played ARK survival exclusively on my dk2 totting up a total of 350 + hours entirely in VR!   So i think it's fair to say i gave it a fair crack of the whip!   Then disaster, they stopped supporting VR properly and in any case I sold my DK2 in preparation for the CV1 coming out.  Since buying my CV1 and upgrading my PC yet again, I waited and waited until the recent news that support for VR was back.  However re-installing and playing today dealt me a final insult.  It's still totally (and i mean totally) VR broken.  Like many other gamers have already said, the resolution in the hmd is screwed so i get a vomit inducing wavy line down either side of my peripheral vision.  The blinding sunlight which plagued the game since early on is still there!!! I mean WTF??   How many people need to complain about this before they do something and fix it?  There are still glitches everywhere and the game seems no more fixed (or VR ready) than it was years ago when it was first up for early access.I have been a dedicated fan of this game, and supported it when nobody else would but now I think its time to throw in the towel.  Come on guys really!  How is this game ready to be released? and how can you say it's VR compatible? I work as an application developer and if i released something as broken as this I would be out of a job! So much of this game is still broken, and not just the VR side of things.  What's worse about this though, is that everything that was broken when i stopped playing it about two years ago is still broken today!Do yourselves a favour folks.  There are many survival games out there, and plenty of developers listening to their community.  Leave this one on the shelf and try a game that actually works properly.....
Gryph	Not Recommended	269.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198216895592/	ARK: Survival Evolved:ARK used to be a great game. It had stunning graphics. The gameplay was fantastic, and playing with friends was fun and rewarding. Most of that is gone now. With each weekly/monthly update the game has dropped heavily preformance wise. I used to run the game on Ultra. I now have to run the game (If I even want to play it) on high (Not much of a drop, I'll admit, but still a drop all the same). Now, the developers are releasing a DLC for a game that hasn't even come out of *early access*. Just let that sink in. Surely they should maybe finish the game, before even thinking about a DLC. This DLC is basically releasing *cut content* from a game that isn't even complete yet. It's not the fact that paid DLC is being released, it's the fact that it's paid DLC for a game that's in early access. Overall, I would have recommended the game a month or so after release, because it was really good. But not anymore. As other reviews have said, Studio Wildcard have paid *fourty million* dollars to Trendy Entertainment (The developers of Dungeon Defenders) to settle a lawsuit. So now they (Sutdio Wildcard) are attempting to get money back by releasing a DLC. For an un-released game. 'Nuff said.Sorry for the long review. Here's the word potato.Potato.EDIT: I am giving this game a go again after the plethora of updates, but am still unhappy about the DLC, dispite the fact it looks good I refuse to play it.EDIT: The price increase before it's departure from early access was f*cking ridiculous. It jumped up to £50 they've obviously made money from this game and from it's fans who seem to be completely oblivious to the fact that the developers just want their money and nothing more. I do still enjoy this game, but am not willing to support the developers - of course not all of them are bad - just the owners.
the eagle	Not Recommended	650.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/asdqwe13131/	paid dlc in a early access game........ wtf is happening
TinmanVin	Not Recommended	72.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TinmanVin/	Yep so looks like I found out where their time went. They were too busy pushing out their crap paid DLC instead of finishing the ♥♥♥♥ing base game. It's a good game but ♥♥♥♥ these devs.
bazinga	Not Recommended	3,668.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/greza69/	I like this game but why i should download scorched earth. I dont want it.
Nimassus	Not Recommended	274.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198068088066/	I could write a book why i dont recommend this game but ill try to keep it short: I played Ark since the release on Xbox one and i have seen  some  sh*t now.I dont recommend this game because...-... It should have left early acess 2 years ago.-... every "patch" f*cks up something really important.-... their nerfs are completely unnecessary and random.-... insanely overpowered animals get added evry other month.-... those animals make it nearly impossible to play alone if you dont have any expierience with this game.-... infact, these animals make Dark Souls look like Super Mario!-... they add new and unecessary tiers of technology. You wanted to play a cavemen who somehow survives in the wild with primitive weapons and some know how? We hear ya, ill will put space dinosaurs and spaceships in a future update, stay tuned!-...public serversare crowded and littered with unsused building from people who went to the server once, for 10 minutes.-... You prepared something for the last 2 hours? Here, "random" spawns of animals who are guaranteed to ruin all your plans and preparations, just to check how determined you are to keep playing this game!-... its a really nice tame you got there, would be a shame if something spawns out of the blue to kill it.-...your inventory is a dark brown bag. Good luck finding it in the woods after you died!I bet i could go on like this but i guess you get the point. They are on a mission to test your anger management and kill a promising game before it is even released!
Butcher	Not Recommended	568.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198109580089/	I've put a good amount of hours into this game. Played both on official and unofficial servers, both fun for different reasons. Overall it can be a fun game, if you play on the right server and if you are given a fair chance to play the game without any sort of grieffing.The biggest problem in the game though, it's the amount of game-breaking bugs it has. Even though, every update the developers adress a few of these issues, after a year since it's early access release, some of these game-breaking bugs still remain. Now bugs are expected, after all the game hasn't been officially released. Yet, the developers recently released a PAID DLC for an incomplete and bug infested unreleased game.As a player and customer, I can't help to feel insulted. Not only this move feels like a big middle finger to players that already paid for the core game, but it feels like the company doesn't seem interested in keeping the player-base happy, it seems more they're interested in their customers money. This is a dealbreaker for me, the game no longer interests me and I definitely will not recommend it to friends with whom I was looking forward to play with once the game had been fully optimized, nor do I recommend it to any other gamer interested in purchasing, I;m sure they could spend their money and time on a game in which the developers treat their fan-base with more respect.Edit: http://imgur.com/a/l3d8M - Saw this from another review. It's a response from one of Studio Wildcard's employee to another player who felt and expressed his feelings to the team. WC's response pretty much confirm how these developers treat their customers.
4321	Not Recommended	5,220.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/bacontastesgood/	Been playing this game since it was released. The last patch has ruined the game in my opinion, it completely changed the user interface to one that has its own host of problems in terms of visibility of fonts, intuitiveness and functionality instead of incrementally improving the original. Flying dinosaurs which were the best way for solo players to make their way through this totally challenging survival game are now useless. Too slow and unable to fly even the shortest of distance without having to land where they cannot defend themselves unless flying.Before the patch I would have said this is a must have game...now don't even buy it a s a bargain basement special.
scoop	Not Recommended	11,510.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198248384312/	None of my flyers have enough stam to get me from my base on the beach at Redwood to the Southern Jungle on the Center map and there is nowhere to land to recharge. And that is with 0 payload. This issue is a direct result of the misguided and wrongheaded patch 256 release of 4/1/17.Its your money, so spend it however you want, but until this issue is fixed do yourself a favour and save your money for a game that is playable. And you might be doing the community a favour by hitting the devs where it hurts most and adding a little more impetus to the demand to roll back this stupid patch.
zelderan	Not Recommended	9.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/zelderan/	Do not support Early Access games that have paid DLC. Unacceptable.
*TNA* dafaulty	Not Recommended	114.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197989832256/	Game play itself is great and can provide hours of endless fun however before releasing paid DLC you should really finish optimizing and working on performance issues with the main game.If the main game is "finished enough" that they release DLC, then why the ♥♥♥♥ is it still in Early Access? 
Hams	Not Recommended	7.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/harkael/	The process of unlocking building pieces one at a time (along with pretty much anything else you craft) was way too grindy for me. Now that they've decided to sell dlc for the game before it's out of early access I've really got to recommend against buying it.
Jhaza	Not Recommended	372.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Jhaza/	Reviewing Ark fairly is difficult, so this is going to be a bit lengthy. The tl;dr is this: don't buy Ark until it's out of early access and you know what you're getting, because the devs don't seem to be trustworthy with regards to development and content.Gameplay review:So, Ark. Dinosaurs and guns. Awesome concept, relatively competent implementation. There are a lot of pros: you're on an island full of dinosaurs that you can capture, tame, and ride into battle. The biggest flaw with the game itself (as opposed to the flaws with the development, which I'll get to shortly) is the way progression is structured: you wake up, naked and afraid. You rip leaves off of trees and bushes to make clothes, fashion a crude club, knock out a dodo bird to lay eggs for you. A few hours later, you've got a tiny hut made of thatch that you huddle in at night. You can use the dodo's eggs to make kibble to train a parasaur, and you can use its eggs to make kibble for a raptor, at which point you can go hunt other creatures for meat and hide. You've finally got a foothold on the world, and you won't be struggling to feed yourself any more.Except... now that you've got a raptor who can farm hide better than your stone hatchet, you suddenly need 2,000 hide for things instead of 20. When you get a dinosaur that can gather metal efficiently, you'll still need thousands to make simple quality-of-life improvements. If you want a base that's relatively safe from wild creatures, expect to spend days farming stone in order to fence in a large enough area to have more than a handful of small dinosaurs. The point I'm trying to make is, the game is structured around the efficiency of top-tier dinosaurs and the idea that anything worth having should require a large time investment. This winds up meaning that really simple things have extrordinary costs, or require rare and hard-to-acquire ingredients. Further, the game is balanced such that once you've GOT those top-tier dinosaurs, it's rarely difficult or dangerous to go out to farm, simply time consuming and obnoxious (like when you get to a mining camp and discover the entire area is gather-bugged). When you finally get that awesome high-level Giganotasaur, don't expect to be riding it out to do battle against other great lizards - you'll be dreading every time you have to go farm meat to feed your herd because the damn thing can only run for 15 seconds before it needs to recover stamina and its turning radius is half the map. There's a lot of other issues, like how breeding and taming are incredibly time consuming without actually being difficult or requiring significant skill, how awful dinosaur AI makes taking more dinosaurs than your mount out with you a huge pain, or the fact that dinosaurs will regularly clip through walls to get in your base and ruin your things. Those are all things that have gotten at least recognition from the devs, and this is an early access game; the fact that the core gameplay is doing chores is, I think, more significant.To be clear, I play on a PVE server, and the game is ostensibly a PVP-oriented game, and is balanced as such. I can't speak to that, but I CAN say that there's been a bug for the entire time I've played (nearly a year) where your health bar bugs and stays empty that I experience more often than not when I play. tl;dr - dinosaurs are cool, but they somehow wound up being a chore to ride. Development:This is the biggest issue I, and a lot of other players, have with Ark. There's a long history of the devs making massive changes to the game (like when they rebalanced tamed vs. wild dinosaurs, or when they introduced new biomes) without any warning to the community, and players were liable to find out when they log in and get their badass T-Rex who used to eat any wild dinosaur in the game with ease killed by some birds and a raptor (or discover their base was destroyed to make room for a forest). These are the sorts of issues one should expect from an early access game, but the fact that the devs reliably fail to communicate the changes with the community is a problem. The other big problem, which is what got me to actually leave this review, is their recent paid DLC. Lots of other people have talked about how upset they are that the developers are releasing paid DLCs that are more polished than the base game, rather than polishing that base game people have already purchased. I'm right there with them, although I think the biggest issue is that you can (allegedly) bring back resources only available through the paid DLC, and use them on the normal non-DLC servers. Not only are they trying to start making new games before they finish the one we bought and paid for, they're actively making the game pay-to-win (or at least, making you pay again if you want to ride a dragon around like all the cool kids are). tl;dr - Devs seem uninterested in how their decisions affect the playerbase and behave appropriately. Potential players should be uninterested in supporting such practices and behave appropriately. Vote with your dollars, people.
Doctor Dugong	Not Recommended	4,595.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/dizzle9227/	Nope, I can no longer recommend this game. They have made many blunders in the past, but this is too much. Not only does this dlc introduce a pay to win element, but has also been sucking away time and resources that should have been used on finishing/fixing the base game. For the past few months or so, the base game has been recieving fewer updates than normal. The few updates it has recieved have been routinely delayed. Sometimes a week, usually months.
jay	Not Recommended	4,488.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198329883888/	they took a decent game and made it a unplayable piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥with the the update that took away flyers speed and now i can not out run the flying bugs or fly more than 30 seconds with out my Quezel being tired and having to land. Save your money and dont buy this game.
VIPEREON	Not Recommended	2,564.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197973817123/	In regards to update v256:I've been through two flyer nerfs and this one just takes the cake for being garbage.  Massive maps and no way to get anywhere fast.  If you die you can basically kiss your body and gear goodbye cause you'll never get back there in time.   Also reducing the vault size out of knowhere is a pretty jerk move.  Especially when its the baseline for advanced base building.  I mean come on, interiors and exteriors of the buildings are just totally messed up now.  I love the idea of smallers vaults but jeez, let us at least pick them up and move them around so we can re-organize our bases.Loved the game until now.  Give us at least 200% speed and normal pre 256 update stamina.
Deathwing	Not Recommended	5.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/xdeathwing/	They released a Paid DLC for an Early Access game that is barely optimized after a year.
Cyfris	Not Recommended	973.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198289490979/	Bought this game about a month ago now. And I loved it... New patch came out and now I'm glad I bought it on sale cause they just ruined the game with the bird nerf and the ui... Thanks for taking my money to ruin the game... goodbye
ozoman	Not Recommended	2.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198029635341/	Paid DLC on an "Early access" game that was out for over a year.
Serenity404	Not Recommended	165.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/nEren/	Is this paid DLC even legal? Logic says it cannot be. Anyway the game is not released it is not even in Beta phase. It is in fckn ALPHA and what do we get??? $20 DLC. This is the most scummy thing that has been done in this already corrupted industry. Just when you say that's the lowest it can be another dev like this comes up and finds an even lower thing to do. I have a r9 290 and anything above medium gets me sub 30 fps while anything below HIGH setting looks like absolute dog♥♥♥♥♥♥ They announced DX12 support which was DUE July 2015 yes 2-0-1-5 and we still didn't get it. We can now see why we didn't get it. And the fact that they write DX12 support as part of the upcoming patch every single time is just the cherry on top. No way you can say a better ♥♥♥♥ you all to your customers than this game does.
hank3	Not Recommended	1,934.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198031362888/	Use to love this game, but every time there is an update it gets worse and worse.It's pretty much unplayable now. Don't waste your money.
PinkSock	Not Recommended	1,408.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198124868128/	1400 hundred hours and they just ruined the game.Ive never seen a update in any game destroy it as bad as this.
Nibbs	Not Recommended	209.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Nibbs99/	Combination of last 2 patches just ripped all progression out of the game for PvE players.This game used to be fun, but the devs have focused not on adding progression to a challenge, but just screwing over everyone now.Recent patches have added Dinos that instantly steal things from you, typically found in packs of 3 and they'll run in 3 different directions, so you're guaranteed to lose 2 items, and it's pot luck if the dino you chase down still has the item in its inventory when you kill it.Dinos that knock you unconcious easily in the starting areas, and kill you.Birds, which when you kill that pego to get your item back, will agress you in the starting area knocking your weapons out of your hands. and killing youA flyer nerf which pretty much limits your mobility around the island.A mob that destroys rafts in 3 hits, limiting your mobility around the island. Add to this the issues with the server actually registering that you hit the mobs, that you're trying to save yourself from/retrieve your items from, and all of the fun has been kicked out of this game. It used to be about starting somewhere building momentum to push into the next more challenging area, with great opportunities for exploration. Now you spend your life chasing down your missing items, into a fight for your life when you kill the thing, which kills the exploration, and the abiliity to choose and take on your next challenge.Taking down big mobs in this game involves, standing above it on a cliff where it can't hit you and just shooting it till it drops (Gee that sure is fun and engaging gameplay), because the AI is so bad, it either runs directly at you or directly away, it has no pathing capability. Likewise want to tame something that just runs away constantly, stand so it's between you and a cliff, and it'll get stuck trying to run through the cliff wall.In general I welcome adding oddball mechanics, but those mechanics should be now and again. When you're constantly hit with the same mechanic, faster than you can even respond to it with the tools you have at that point in the game.. Well I'd rather go play something different.
alykFU	Not Recommended	53.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/alykFU/	Early access INCOMPLETE game gets $20 expansion pack, are you ♥♥♥♥ing kidding me???This is the biggest fail i have seen yet in the early access genre, will not be playing your rubbish again.
iTraumatik	Not Recommended	482.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/itraumatik/	It is a fun game if you can get good performance in it.  Which most cant.UPDATE 1-22-2017  Delayed the TEK tier update , again by 10 days.  They took on too much again. But somehow they released a patch for Primitive+ mod when they said.   They arent actively working on the VR but still are helping the other devs with the project, took over The Center mod, took over Primitive+, messed up halloween and christmas events this year... same thing over and over......Devs dont usually meet their estimates on when content is going to be released, ex. new dinos and features.. which were 1-4 weeks after they thought they would come out.On this same point , excerpt from their EA description "Approximately how long will this game be in Early Access?“Approximately 1 year, with a full release planned for June 2016 coinciding with the console versions.”Missed release by 3 months already and the performance is no where what they call "In addition to zillions of bug fixes, intensive performance improvements, mega iterative polishing, and what have you."Now they want to push out Paid DLC for and EA title that isnt even close to Release quality and what they described in the EA FAQ below.Dont buy and wait until release and / or hold off on the Paid DLC and get modded content that is similar to their Paid DLC.
LordObama	Not Recommended	1.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Lord_Obama/	This game is a buggy mess with no true redeemable qualities besides the character creator.The developers pretty much abandoned this game. I'm just gonna get a refund.
/u/xxponage	Not Recommended	0.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198042270210/	Paid dlc for an early access game? Does this develepor have any respect for the gaming community at all?
General Kenobi!	Not Recommended	1,050.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198041293266/	Doesnt deserve a buy rather release DLC then fix the already broken game.
123	Not Recommended	7,968.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198223803348/	Developer destoryed thier own game
*TNA* dafaulty	Not Recommended	114.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197989832256/	Game play itself is great and can provide hours of endless fun however before releasing paid DLC you should really finish optimizing and working on performance issues with the main game.If the main game is "finished enough" that they release DLC, then why the ♥♥♥♥ is it still in Early Access? 
Hams	Not Recommended	7.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/harkael/	The process of unlocking building pieces one at a time (along with pretty much anything else you craft) was way too grindy for me. Now that they've decided to sell dlc for the game before it's out of early access I've really got to recommend against buying it.
Jhaza	Not Recommended	372.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Jhaza/	Reviewing Ark fairly is difficult, so this is going to be a bit lengthy. The tl;dr is this: don't buy Ark until it's out of early access and you know what you're getting, because the devs don't seem to be trustworthy with regards to development and content.Gameplay review:So, Ark. Dinosaurs and guns. Awesome concept, relatively competent implementation. There are a lot of pros: you're on an island full of dinosaurs that you can capture, tame, and ride into battle. The biggest flaw with the game itself (as opposed to the flaws with the development, which I'll get to shortly) is the way progression is structured: you wake up, naked and afraid. You rip leaves off of trees and bushes to make clothes, fashion a crude club, knock out a dodo bird to lay eggs for you. A few hours later, you've got a tiny hut made of thatch that you huddle in at night. You can use the dodo's eggs to make kibble to train a parasaur, and you can use its eggs to make kibble for a raptor, at which point you can go hunt other creatures for meat and hide. You've finally got a foothold on the world, and you won't be struggling to feed yourself any more.Except... now that you've got a raptor who can farm hide better than your stone hatchet, you suddenly need 2,000 hide for things instead of 20. When you get a dinosaur that can gather metal efficiently, you'll still need thousands to make simple quality-of-life improvements. If you want a base that's relatively safe from wild creatures, expect to spend days farming stone in order to fence in a large enough area to have more than a handful of small dinosaurs. The point I'm trying to make is, the game is structured around the efficiency of top-tier dinosaurs and the idea that anything worth having should require a large time investment. This winds up meaning that really simple things have extrordinary costs, or require rare and hard-to-acquire ingredients. Further, the game is balanced such that once you've GOT those top-tier dinosaurs, it's rarely difficult or dangerous to go out to farm, simply time consuming and obnoxious (like when you get to a mining camp and discover the entire area is gather-bugged). When you finally get that awesome high-level Giganotasaur, don't expect to be riding it out to do battle against other great lizards - you'll be dreading every time you have to go farm meat to feed your herd because the damn thing can only run for 15 seconds before it needs to recover stamina and its turning radius is half the map. There's a lot of other issues, like how breeding and taming are incredibly time consuming without actually being difficult or requiring significant skill, how awful dinosaur AI makes taking more dinosaurs than your mount out with you a huge pain, or the fact that dinosaurs will regularly clip through walls to get in your base and ruin your things. Those are all things that have gotten at least recognition from the devs, and this is an early access game; the fact that the core gameplay is doing chores is, I think, more significant.To be clear, I play on a PVE server, and the game is ostensibly a PVP-oriented game, and is balanced as such. I can't speak to that, but I CAN say that there's been a bug for the entire time I've played (nearly a year) where your health bar bugs and stays empty that I experience more often than not when I play. tl;dr - dinosaurs are cool, but they somehow wound up being a chore to ride. Development:This is the biggest issue I, and a lot of other players, have with Ark. There's a long history of the devs making massive changes to the game (like when they rebalanced tamed vs. wild dinosaurs, or when they introduced new biomes) without any warning to the community, and players were liable to find out when they log in and get their badass T-Rex who used to eat any wild dinosaur in the game with ease killed by some birds and a raptor (or discover their base was destroyed to make room for a forest). These are the sorts of issues one should expect from an early access game, but the fact that the devs reliably fail to communicate the changes with the community is a problem. The other big problem, which is what got me to actually leave this review, is their recent paid DLC. Lots of other people have talked about how upset they are that the developers are releasing paid DLCs that are more polished than the base game, rather than polishing that base game people have already purchased. I'm right there with them, although I think the biggest issue is that you can (allegedly) bring back resources only available through the paid DLC, and use them on the normal non-DLC servers. Not only are they trying to start making new games before they finish the one we bought and paid for, they're actively making the game pay-to-win (or at least, making you pay again if you want to ride a dragon around like all the cool kids are). tl;dr - Devs seem uninterested in how their decisions affect the playerbase and behave appropriately. Potential players should be uninterested in supporting such practices and behave appropriately. Vote with your dollars, people.
Doctor Dugong	Not Recommended	4,595.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/dizzle9227/	Nope, I can no longer recommend this game. They have made many blunders in the past, but this is too much. Not only does this dlc introduce a pay to win element, but has also been sucking away time and resources that should have been used on finishing/fixing the base game. For the past few months or so, the base game has been recieving fewer updates than normal. The few updates it has recieved have been routinely delayed. Sometimes a week, usually months.
jay	Not Recommended	4,488.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198329883888/	they took a decent game and made it a unplayable piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥with the the update that took away flyers speed and now i can not out run the flying bugs or fly more than 30 seconds with out my Quezel being tired and having to land. Save your money and dont buy this game.
VIPEREON	Not Recommended	2,564.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197973817123/	In regards to update v256:I've been through two flyer nerfs and this one just takes the cake for being garbage.  Massive maps and no way to get anywhere fast.  If you die you can basically kiss your body and gear goodbye cause you'll never get back there in time.   Also reducing the vault size out of knowhere is a pretty jerk move.  Especially when its the baseline for advanced base building.  I mean come on, interiors and exteriors of the buildings are just totally messed up now.  I love the idea of smallers vaults but jeez, let us at least pick them up and move them around so we can re-organize our bases.Loved the game until now.  Give us at least 200% speed and normal pre 256 update stamina.
scoop	Not Recommended	11,510.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198248384312/	None of my flyers have enough stam to get me from my base on the beach at Redwood to the Southern Jungle on the Center map and there is nowhere to land to recharge. And that is with 0 payload. This issue is a direct result of the misguided and wrongheaded patch 256 release of 4/1/17.Its your money, so spend it however you want, but until this issue is fixed do yourself a favour and save your money for a game that is playable. And you might be doing the community a favour by hitting the devs where it hurts most and adding a little more impetus to the demand to roll back this stupid patch.
Darkzealot	Not Recommended	537.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197992742153/	I saw ARK as a fantastic idea back when it was first put up on steam in alpha. It had a bunch of bugs and was badly optimised, but it was fun and looked promising with some work. There was often glitches and crashes and lag, overheating graphics cards and the like.Then they added content. And more content. And more content. After a few years(?) they added a new HUD, and put up a DLC. I give the game another honest try. The same bugs are still there, the optimisation is still awful.Yes, you have a good idea. You are treating it terribly. Awfully. And now I see the price of the game has increased threefold. The optimisation remains just as awful.Do I see a reason to give it another try with the new DLC for another 20 bucks? No. Not really. Sorry Studio Wildcard. You have yet to put in the work to make the game worthwhile.
YotsuMD	Not Recommended	409.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197974793790/	The concept is great, and I had a lot of fun with it early on, but when you invest in an Early Access title, you expect that money to be spent on developing and fixing the core game, NOT on early access DLCs for your early access game. Now that they're apparently done, they double the price and do the same shady season pass moneygrabbing BS everyone else do when they put on their AAA-studio pants and try to sqeeze as much profit out of a product as they can.I'm sure it makes sense from a business point of view, and they may or may not be justified in these tactics, but it feels very cynical to me as a customer. So yeah, game's fun, but the pricetag and business practices leaves a bad taste, at least to me. Do with that as you want.
Kin.rawr	Recommended	1,840.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kinare/	I hate this game.I love this game.Repeat every hour for 1500+ hours. That's Ark in a nutshell.There's a lot of pros and cons to this game which other reviews have gone over, but when it comes down to it I can safely say I got my money's worth and enjoyed at least half of the time I played.I hate this game.
Esterlin	Not Recommended	155.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/InquisitiveDuck/	Summary: A game with strong potential ruined by a greedy company more interested in making money than finishing the game. Only purchase if you don't expect any improvements.When first entering Early Access, ARK didn't have a whole lot to do, contained tons of bugs and glitches, has next to no optimzation so it ran poorly on most machines, lacked any significant content, and was terribly imbalanced. Despite all those problems, the game had strong potential and if refined, could be one of the best survival games ever.Over a year later and still under Early Access, NOTHING has changed. All of the main issues above still remain. Instead of actually working on the game, Studio Wildcard tried breaking the game into two seperately purchasable products, one for PvP and one for Survival. After the failure of that particular moneygrab, that project was backpeddled and recombined into one project.Now they've decided to work on and release a "fully complete" expansion for the game titled Scorched Earth. I shouldn't have to explain why this kind of DLC should have been part of the base game which isn't even remotely close to being done.Studio Wildcard's handling of their game is terrible and driven by greed. Don't expect ARK to ever get finished or actually become a good game. Avoid this studio and it's products, don't encourage bad business.
Mr. NaClO	Not Recommended	90.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197965811997/	Stoped playing so I can enjoy the full release when it's ready. What do we get for buying into early access? Shafted by a developer spending time and early access money on paid dlc and not finishing the game. Oh wait, I forgot, the developer was qouted as saying the dlc is closer to the finished product.... The DLC IS CLOSER TO THE FINISHED PRODUCT. If a class action lawsuite gets opened because of this, I am on board %100. Will be trying for a refund later, don't expect it at 90+ hours but hell if I'm not gonna try.
discount memes™	Not Recommended	13.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/shoyusha/	it should be a criminal offence to release DLC for an early access game
Woody Bobo	Not Recommended	790.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ghost_turtle/	They done f*cked it up!.....
BiggieSmokeツ	Recommended	145.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ChildishGandhini/	10/10 my current favorite game, Im planning on putting 1000+ hours into this game. Theres so much content that you could probably have played this game for over 3000 hours and still not know everything.-----For all of my low end brothers I want to let you know I run this game on a gt 525m 8gb ram and an i7 2600s. You can mod this game from 5 fps to 120 EASILY.
Lardi	Not Recommended	269.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Lardi/	I feel like my money and time went into creating a DLC that I have to pay for when the game isn't even out instead of optimization and proper balanced systems that got slower since this was announced, what a coincidence, including a severe lack of communication from the devs and general unstable fps and bugs that don't get fixed at all, oh how low the EA has become, gaming industry never change, please, now EA distrust will grow even higher and it's unethical implications,  vote with your wallets and show your distrust and disgust on such a new practice that soon will bloom in the EA market if it suceeds.
Swezzer	Not Recommended	32.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Swezzer/	DLC on a early access game is just rotten these resources that went in to the DLC should have been put in the main game to finish it
Smokey The Bear	Not Recommended	499.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/beefycronch/	Paid DLC for an Early Access game? A horribly unoptimized game at that? This is obviously just a mindless cash-grab by the Devs because of the lawsuit. Yeah there are consistently updates, but we don't want new dinos we want a functional game. DX12 has been promised for how long? Has it even been released yet? Finish the game, then (maybe) release paid DLC. Disgusting.
Cap'n Jess	Not Recommended	91.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198302598327/	Cannot endorse a dev that releases paid dlc before finishing the core game, this sets a terrible precedent for the future of early access.
ENIROKAN	Not Recommended	3,948.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198200724193/	THIS NEW UPDATE HAS COMPLETELY MADE ME QUIT THE GAME. This game went from an 8 to 1, what a joke.
mOnOchI	Not Recommended	1,320.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198050412023/	not responsibility for mistake updated
Swezzer	Not Recommended	32.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Swezzer/	DLC on a early access game is just rotten these resources that went in to the DLC should have been put in the main game to finish it
Hugo Reyes	Not Recommended	948.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/lolhvad42/	Patch 256 ruined the game, would not recommended anymore.
Pilate	Not Recommended	4,711.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198078748668/	Do not pay 59.99 for this game. Don't even pay a dollar.Great concept, great design, poor execution, poor customer support.Studio Wildcard doesn't care about you. They care about sales.Still getting fatal errors after official launch, by the way. 
ArkIsLife	Not Recommended	1,622.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198257585711/	I have close to 5000 hours of ARK played across two accounts.  I have thoroughly had great experiences in the game and have had a blast across the amount of time I have played.  I have played the game since they ran an event that you could find free ARK codes in drops.  So I have seen a lot of changes with the game since it's EA days.With that said.. The recent patch v277 addressed a 2 year vulnerability.  Yes, you read that right.  A 2 year vulnerability.  730 days have passed while this vulnerability has been active.  The patch itself is very vague as well which doesn't add to the trust that the playerbase has in Wild Card.  We are told that ~40%+ of the playerbase has been exploiting this vulnerability and that most of the large Alpha tribes on Official and Unnofficial have been exploiting this.The Developer has announced a one-time amnesty for those that were cheating.  As a player who is apart of the ~60% who have no idea what this vulnerability was, I am shocked and upset.  They state they could have either wiped the tribes who were actively abusing this vulnerability or tossed out bans or both.  But they are choosing to give amnesty to these players instead.As a player who is apart of the ~60% who do not know this vulnerability, I think we should have the right to know what the exploit/vulnerability was, and we should have the right to make the determination of their fate in the game, as their actions have or had negative consequences for other players.  Both parties, the cheaters and non-cheaters, paid the same amount of money.  So why should they be allowed to abuse an exploit for 2 years that could give them an edge, or maybe not (as we don't know what the exploit was), over other players and then get amnesty for their actions.  That is crazy and absurd.As a player, Wild Card has lost my trust.  In my reality and world, I believe in the rule of Law.  What is Wild Card willing to do for the ~60% of players who followed the rules and did not exploit.  Because rewarding a group of players who broke rules, while not rewarding a group of players who played legit seems counter balanced.As for the actual gameplay, sure it is a survival game and it plays well.  It can be fun but because of the companies actions in the past and today.  I cannot in good concious recommend this game to people who play by the rules.  Should Wild Card change their opinion or try to make this situation right, I will come back and alter this review.
kofteburger	Not Recommended	3.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kofteburger/	When I bought early access to this game I expected it to be finished before paid dlc.
Cheesy Richard	Not Recommended	1.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/poisonpudge/	Releasing a paid DLC for a Early Access game is the biggest money grab I've ever heard.
PLiPH	Not Recommended	57.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/pliph/	Releasing paid DLC for an unfinished early access game... Pure scum.
tamuasta	Recommended	5.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/M-9341/	only buy on sale even though the water is beautiful and clean looking. it is a trap, meant to entice you with the allure of clean water but many dangers lurk beneath. i reccomend setting up camp near the ocean so you can never forget its beauty.praise the gods for allowing us to gaze upon such beautiful water !!i rate this game's water 85/100
TheOrder	Not Recommended	3,735.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197970284799/	Don't trust Wildcard.They lie. The only thing relased officialy is the price.Game is still an early access level. Bugs, Duping, cheaters, etc.DO NOT PAY 60€ for this.
DoubleD	Not Recommended	5.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197971037533/	-Price of a AAA game for a indie game. Price should be no more than $19.99-DLC for an unfinished game. These guys are just money grabbers. As an indie dev myself I find it very sad. It makes less people want to risk buying indie/early access games.
Grigsey	Not Recommended	353.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198025019351/	Do you want to live life? Or live in Ark? cuz playing this game on a pvp server, those are your choices. Game play is generally fun but it has its flaws.Asides from the crazy time sink required (the tribe I was in dominated the server we were on when I actively played before a server wipe, it just overall, not worth the time and effort, parts were fun, parts were frustrating, average early access experience.) Buuuuut... a paid DLC before the core game is finished? Whaaa? that costs 20 bucks? Whaaaaaa?These guys were pretty cool from what I could tell, there had to be an explination. So google-fu turned up that earlier this year they settled a lawsuit. Using some really fuzzy estimation math it cost them aprox 1/3 of their gross revinue. Now not sure where else all their other money they got for this has gone or how much the company has on hand, but suddenly having to payout 40 mil seems like it would throw a monkey wrench into just about any new game company.Pretty sure this is an attempt to recoup this staggering loss (which upon reading, was super totally their own fault, but also one of the only times I've ever seen a non-compete clause enforced).Look if it IS to recoup a sudden and huge loss of money at the company, just flipping flapping say so. Ya know what people respect in companies? Honesty and transparency. Ya know what they hate? Being treated like they are human wallets and expected to pay for an expansion to a game that isn't even finished and still in early access.So they opted for the "hey look at this cool stuff! you should be excited to play it!" instead of "hey we messed up and have to do this to be finacially sound for the future" One people would rally behind, the other makes people go "oh for effs sake guys, what the hell are you doing?"Kiiiiiiinda messed up on this one dudes. So like, Steam, can you like, make this sort of thing against the rules of early access? I know you probably thought "no game developer is going to seriously try and sell DLC for a game they havent finished yet, that's insane" well ya know those insane warning labels on things that state very obvious hazards and you are like why would anyone do that, then you realize crap, for this to exist someone HAD to have done it. That. That is what this is.  
JediHunter4	Not Recommended	294.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198006821317/	Review based on current price and from the perspective of an average player who does not have access to a private server.If you are thinking about buying the game at £50 or even the £30 on like cdkeys etc, to play public servers, don't do it. Firstly the game is like a job, there are litrally "chores to do" feeding dinos, restocking generators, restocking torches and so on, if you don't do this regualrly you tames will all die, your food and resources will spoil  and people will attack your undefended base, so there is a mandatory sign in every 3 days really, although if you want to keep your stuff you would be made to ever leave it that long. However the main problem with this game is it takes forever to acheve anything and others but a moment to extiguish it. After about the 3rd or 4th time of getting utterly wipped while offline I personally gave up (if you are of any reasonable standing at all, an I'm talking you have made a single shot gun kind of level) you will never ever ever get some PVP all PVP is on this game is someone C4's their way into you base, an destorys everything you have. I don't know why the dev's continually pump out videos of the tech level gear (future weapons and mech suits for dino's) as this is litrally for the 0.1% you will never ever get the amount of element required to do what they show on a public server, ever. My advice if you want to play this game, you have to have a private server, put gather up to at least x3, same for taming, maybe even x5 for that and breeding, an then actually have some fun and do some of the stuff you have seen mad pictures of. In summary the best comparison I can give is the greek story of Sisyphus, who was forced o roll an immense boulder up a hill, only to watch it come back to hit him, repeating this action for eternity. This is what this game is, it's immense labour for hours and hours and hours, but there is a ticking clock to when someone will come and reset your work for you, as there is absolutly no way to prevent someone just C4 wiping you.On private servers I'd probably give this 7/10, this loses points purely because the game is still grind, the devs idea of quality game play hours seems to be, just getting you to repeat the same non-fun action over and over again, but the problem is, if you just spawn in what you want, the game loses all meaning, it would have been far better if there were simple means for building quickly and you had to complete missions (which they already have, caves) to collect nessesary  materials for equipment. It just makes no sense to me that you would have a mechanism for colelcting resource, activly and purposefully be a bore, we are here to have fun no?
SqueezeMeNow	Not Recommended	1,414.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198037849123/	Game has always been clunky and developement has put very little focus on optimization.  We're still waiting on fixes from over a year ago... and now they're launching DLC.  This DLC contains many items from the developement diaries of this alpha title.  Wildcard offers almost no transparency and what little they do tell you is to be taken with a grain of salt because of all the times features don't make it into patches.  I can't remember the time we got a full patch without most of it's content cut out.As to the game itself, it is VERY grind heavy.  Taming high end dinos takes a lot of investment both in preparing kibble for them and the actual taming itself.  Crafting takes a lot of resources as well.  Putting up even a small stand of a base can take hours and hours of play.  On top of this, everything you do can and will be wiped out by other players, a goof by the developement team, a roaming alpha/giga/titan, or a planned enviroment change.  You also have to log in regularly to feed your dinos and reset demolish timers on your structures.If you don't have a lot of time and effort to invest the game definately isn't for you, and every day it seems more like that investment in the developer will just get you burned.  Wait for release if you're considering this title.
Shikika	Not Recommended	258.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/warnedorc/	Greed.
H.EXE	Not Recommended	3.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/HEXE404/	Game isn't finished, game isn't even remotely optimized, then a paid DLC expansion is released...Well played, Wildcard.
The Big Gay	Not Recommended	14.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198055392067/	This game is an unoptimized, boring and tedious survival game with a few dinosaurs scattered around the world. The game is so dull that I've only managed to force myself to play for about 15 hours. At first I just did not like the game but after seeing the latest BS by the devs regarding the new DLC Scorched earth I've started hating it and felt that I had to make this review.When you first launch the game (if you can launch the game that is) you'll most likely immediately notice the horrific performance issues. Nearly anyone regardless of how good your computer is will propably have very low framerates even on medium to low settings, already here I almost considered exiting the game but I wanted to find out how the gameplay was so I continued. I was playing multiplayer with my friends and for the first few hours the game is a lot of fun. The survival felt challenging but not unfair as you try to gather resources to build shelter and survive, but as soon as you start progressing in the game it becomes really apparent that this is just another generic survival game just with dinosaurs instead of zombies or whatever. Most of the mechanics aren't very deep or interesting. Resource gathering is not fun when it's just the same thing over and over again. The combat is boring and unresponsive, I never felt like I really knew if I had hit my enemy or not if it wasn't for the blood splattering. And eventually the dinosaurs aren't event a threat anymore. Taming them is tedious as you sit and wait for them to be tamed without really doing anything interesting.So then the developers decided to release a paid DLC for the game despite it still being in early access, the performance is still terrible and has not been fixed. If they want to release dlc that's fine but release the full game first. So in conclusion the game is boring and the sellout devs have moved on to dlc instead. So wait until it's finished. ( If it ever will be finished.) Right now I can't recommend it even if you like survival games.
Hollo1001	Not Recommended	861.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Hollo1001/	Its Is the ultimate timewaste if you play on a normal server.With mods it can be pretty ok though.And its not worth your money for the current 70€.EDIT:I havent bought the game when it was so high but they are blocking new players from trying the game. And this game is not worth 70€ or 60€. Raiding is so, so easy. Its not balanced. All you stuff gets destroyed and wiped so easy, even if you have a decent base with like 60 Turrets and Gigas. I played with my friends but even then its just so extremly frustating to waste hundreds of hours and then loose everything over and over again.
Meme 👏 Review 👏 🔥😂👌	Not Recommended	27.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ohyouwish/	The game okay, no where near a finished product. It runs really poorly and is full of bugs. THEY ARE NOW TRYING TO SELL DLC.
Kor Geroi	Not Recommended	1,684.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198361549819/	Before that game has nice gameplay and interesting process of develop.But after patch 255 when Developers nerfed all flynig dinos and did some processes to long that drive is lost.Guys dont pay money for this game I really advise to u 10 time think before invest to this project.Thank You.
Spooky Shmoogy™	Not Recommended	53.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/theshmoogy/	lets give them paid dlc when the game is still early acess!
HazardCat	Not Recommended	78.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/HazardCat/	Early Access DLC. Should I say more?
The Big Gay	Not Recommended	14.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198055392067/	This game is an unoptimized, boring and tedious survival game with a few dinosaurs scattered around the world. The game is so dull that I've only managed to force myself to play for about 15 hours. At first I just did not like the game but after seeing the latest BS by the devs regarding the new DLC Scorched earth I've started hating it and felt that I had to make this review.When you first launch the game (if you can launch the game that is) you'll most likely immediately notice the horrific performance issues. Nearly anyone regardless of how good your computer is will propably have very low framerates even on medium to low settings, already here I almost considered exiting the game but I wanted to find out how the gameplay was so I continued. I was playing multiplayer with my friends and for the first few hours the game is a lot of fun. The survival felt challenging but not unfair as you try to gather resources to build shelter and survive, but as soon as you start progressing in the game it becomes really apparent that this is just another generic survival game just with dinosaurs instead of zombies or whatever. Most of the mechanics aren't very deep or interesting. Resource gathering is not fun when it's just the same thing over and over again. The combat is boring and unresponsive, I never felt like I really knew if I had hit my enemy or not if it wasn't for the blood splattering. And eventually the dinosaurs aren't event a threat anymore. Taming them is tedious as you sit and wait for them to be tamed without really doing anything interesting.So then the developers decided to release a paid DLC for the game despite it still being in early access, the performance is still terrible and has not been fixed. If they want to release dlc that's fine but release the full game first. So in conclusion the game is boring and the sellout devs have moved on to dlc instead. So wait until it's finished. ( If it ever will be finished.) Right now I can't recommend it even if you like survival games.
Hollo1001	Not Recommended	861.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Hollo1001/	Its Is the ultimate timewaste if you play on a normal server.With mods it can be pretty ok though.And its not worth your money for the current 70€.EDIT:I havent bought the game when it was so high but they are blocking new players from trying the game. And this game is not worth 70€ or 60€. Raiding is so, so easy. Its not balanced. All you stuff gets destroyed and wiped so easy, even if you have a decent base with like 60 Turrets and Gigas. I played with my friends but even then its just so extremly frustating to waste hundreds of hours and then loose everything over and over again.
Hammer Morty	Not Recommended	137.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198205666820/	Good game until they added DLC to a ♥♥♥♥ing early access game..
Max Potato	Not Recommended	83.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198044265723/	Paid DLC in early access is a deal breaker.
igunmathematics	Not Recommended	976.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198143955376/	Moderators are deleting all comments that are negative towards the game.Paid DLC for Early Access game that has an overabundance of bug/issues. Many of which have been present since day one.Would you buy any AAA title that behaves in such a way?Imagine if Street Fighter came out with paid DLC while still in beta testing and deleted any comment/criticism made towards that action, would you buy/recommend that game to anyone?I think it's time we start lashing out at all of these early access games. All of these developers that seem to think its ok to sell DLC to a game that is 40%-60% complete in it's alpha phase.I've played this game for +500 hours because im a sucker for survival games, and while i have enjoyed much of that time spent, it all becomes sour to know I supported such a shady developer.If anyone reading this buys the game expect a patch to download everyday, and in the patch notes it will say things like '40% performance increase' and 'driver crash fix' but the game still runs like poo and still crashes at least once a day. This has been happening for more than a year now, and that is why putting out DLC for this game and making people pay for it is so utterly absurd. Now they have the base game to fix along with the DLC.Also know that the servers will not be wiped on official release. New players will never be Alpha when some of us have had a +1000 hour head start. I will laugh extra hard for you when you fly your first pteranodon into my no fly zone (turrets). Only the no lifers like myself will have a chance.
Tey	Not Recommended	17.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/teydv/	So you took the money i gave you to support and finish this game, and you make a dlc out of it? WHAT!? No.
Tom Hunter II	Not Recommended	47.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/tomhunterii/	The game is decent. Dinosuar take on the survival craze. Just like all the other survival games that were released around the same time it still isn't finished. Not only is it not finished but they have the nerve (after losing a lawsuit) to release PAID DLC on an UNRELEASED game. Are you freaking kidding me? Instead of finishing the game you release DLC? Not only do I not recommend this game but this developer is shadey and lazy. Stay away.
Dark's	Not Recommended	14.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198156210976/	Paid DLC for this early access game. They should have spent the money and time on finshing the game.
igunmathematics	Not Recommended	976.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198143955376/	Moderators are deleting all comments that are negative towards the game.Paid DLC for Early Access game that has an overabundance of bug/issues. Many of which have been present since day one.Would you buy any AAA title that behaves in such a way?Imagine if Street Fighter came out with paid DLC while still in beta testing and deleted any comment/criticism made towards that action, would you buy/recommend that game to anyone?I think it's time we start lashing out at all of these early access games. All of these developers that seem to think its ok to sell DLC to a game that is 40%-60% complete in it's alpha phase.I've played this game for +500 hours because im a sucker for survival games, and while i have enjoyed much of that time spent, it all becomes sour to know I supported such a shady developer.If anyone reading this buys the game expect a patch to download everyday, and in the patch notes it will say things like '40% performance increase' and 'driver crash fix' but the game still runs like poo and still crashes at least once a day. This has been happening for more than a year now, and that is why putting out DLC for this game and making people pay for it is so utterly absurd. Now they have the base game to fix along with the DLC.Also know that the servers will not be wiped on official release. New players will never be Alpha when some of us have had a +1000 hour head start. I will laugh extra hard for you when you fly your first pteranodon into my no fly zone (turrets). Only the no lifers like myself will have a chance.
Hammer Morty	Not Recommended	137.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198205666820/	Good game until they added DLC to a ♥♥♥♥ing early access game..
SqueezeMeNow	Not Recommended	1,414.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198037849123/	Game has always been clunky and developement has put very little focus on optimization.  We're still waiting on fixes from over a year ago... and now they're launching DLC.  This DLC contains many items from the developement diaries of this alpha title.  Wildcard offers almost no transparency and what little they do tell you is to be taken with a grain of salt because of all the times features don't make it into patches.  I can't remember the time we got a full patch without most of it's content cut out.As to the game itself, it is VERY grind heavy.  Taming high end dinos takes a lot of investment both in preparing kibble for them and the actual taming itself.  Crafting takes a lot of resources as well.  Putting up even a small stand of a base can take hours and hours of play.  On top of this, everything you do can and will be wiped out by other players, a goof by the developement team, a roaming alpha/giga/titan, or a planned enviroment change.  You also have to log in regularly to feed your dinos and reset demolish timers on your structures.If you don't have a lot of time and effort to invest the game definately isn't for you, and every day it seems more like that investment in the developer will just get you burned.  Wait for release if you're considering this title.
H.EXE	Not Recommended	3.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/HEXE404/	Game isn't finished, game isn't even remotely optimized, then a paid DLC expansion is released...Well played, Wildcard.
Space Viking	Not Recommended	9.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198002524847/	Time sink. Unless you have the time and want to play only one game, then ARK is for you. Avoid official servers. Community is toxic and take extreme measures to make it hell for everyone else. Play on an unofficial server or make your own. It's like when you decide to put all your eggs in one basket or start a new MMO.
Moist	Not Recommended	3,520.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TheMoyst/	I'll start by stating that as of the time of writing this review, I have 3507 hours in this game.  Those hours are mostly on official servers, but a lot of them are also on dedicated/private/modded servers.  With that many hours, it should be clear to anyone that I liked this game and that there must be something within it that has made me put so much time into it, right?  Right.  Kind of, at least.The basics of the game are fantastic.  You start out incredibly weak and can become incredibly strong.  You can do this on official servers.  You can do this on dedicated and private servers.  And if you are really bored, you can do this in single player mode.  The maps are large and fun.  The gameplay is exciting.  Reaching almost any goal feels rewarding and compels you to keep going.  You never run out of things to do.  You can always farm materials, tame dinosaurs, raid a base, defend against someone raiding your base, and the list goes on and on.  This is - without a doubt - one of the most addicting games I have ever played.  But...The truth is, I think that I convinced myself that this game was great.  It isn't.  After all of the incredibly time consuming tasks you perform in this game, so many things can - and very likely will - happen that set you back or even make you start completely over, it's ridiculous.  Let me explain.That dino that took you hours to tame (no exaggeration here) and that somehow made it through without being attacked by another player or some random dino biting it or stomping on it as it passed by?  It came out perfect!  It's the best dino you have ever tamed.  It's the best dino on the server!  It's the best dino in the history of the game!  Well, it can get stuck in a wall.  It can get stuck in the ground.  It can fall through the map.  Can you get it replaced?  Nope!  Well, sort of.  You can put a ticket in for it and three(ish) weeks later, a game dev will contact you and make you set up an appointment with them to give you a replacement.  Depending on when your mutual schedules align, this can take even more time.  When it finally happens, the replacement will not be exact.  It's almost certain that whatever the replacement is will be very far from what you actually lost.  There is no "restore" for this.  The game dev will simply "spawn" in the same type of dino - up to a certain level only - and tame it for you.  The stats are random so the liklihood of you getting anything that you actually care about is very very low.  Will they keep doing it until it matches what you had before?  Nope.  They do it once then they are done and then they are gone, ignoring anything that you say to them as they float, naked, up and away from you.  Good thing you waited weeks for that, right?How about that character that you created and leveled for countless hours.  You beat end game bosses, unlocking the best engrams/skills in the game.  You gained extra levels above the soft level cap for it.  Well, somehow it got lost/corrupted/deleted by something outside of your control.  No worries.  That can be restored by submitting a ticket, right?  Well - no.  Very similar to the situation explained above, they cannot simply restore your character.  They will only have you create a new character and level it up to the soft cap for you.  You don't get your boss kills.  You don't get your engrams/skills unlocked.  You don't get those ascended levels back.  You get to go do all of that again.  Too bad for you!  At least they make a funny noise while floating away again.  That's hilarious!Did you find a video of a cool place to build?  Did you go from server to server and look for a that same place only to find it built in and then finally get to one server where it was open?  Nice!  Well, after all the time you put into that, guess what.  You can log in one day and every single thing is gone.  You didn't get raided.  There is nothing in your tribe log showing that anything was destroyed or killed.  It's just all gone.  Everything.  Every dino, every floor, every door, every item.  Poof.  Well, it just so happens that a dev can simply come into the server and delete every single thing that your tribe has.  Dinos, structures, items.  All of it.  They don't give you a warning.  They don't even give you an explanation.  You just log in and it's all gone and you have to question everyone on the server as to what happened.  When you do finally see someone else getting an "explanation" of what happened, the dev simply states that the being able to build in that area is "unintended" and is considered to be the same thing as undermeshing (building or going inside of the terrain).  Not undermeshing, but considered to be the same thing?  Oh, so there must be a list of places that building is not acceptable, right?  Nope.  You get to figure that out on your own.  Wahooooo!  Do you like lag?  Well, you're in luck.  This game is one of the most lag-ridden games I have ever played.  Can they fix it?  Who knows!  It's been years and it's still there - taunting you at the best times.  Like when you are shooting at a dino or at another player.  When you are just about to use a parachute.  When you dive that Griffin down into the scar to get some speed so that you can get away with that 190 Wyvern egg that you just stole.  Uh oh! - lag spike!  You missed that last shot on the dino or player and got killed instead.  Your parachute didn't deploy and you smashed into the ground.  Your Griffin didn't get the memo that you looked upwards to get away and instead, it flew straight into the lava - instantly killing you and the Griffin and destroying your gear and that 190 Wyvern egg.  Too bad, the lag is just part of the game! LOLOL!  Weeeeeeee!Did your base get raided by someone that DID actualy undermesh to do it while you were offline?  Guess you didn't record that, then right?  Well, too bad for you and hooray for them being able to take all of your stuff and keep it!  HAHA!  GOTTEM!So many times, I saw things like these happen to others and thought "Wow, I don't have those issues".  Well, eventually your luck runs out.  I've had every one of those things - and others - happen and I have screenshots and ticket dialogue that show all of it.I love(ed) this game.  I think anyone that plays it would likely agree that it's one of the best games they have played - until you are the victim of any number of the issues that they don't fix or that Wildcard Studios unfairly does to it's loyal players. It is incredibly unfortunate that this game is the best in the genre (in my opinion) and has nothing to really compete with it.  Because of this, it seems that there is nothing that drives Wildcard Studios to fix the plethora of issues within the game.  There are so many, it's ridiculous.  There is nothing stopping their game devs from abusing their power and deleting everything you have done with no warning or explanation.  They don't back up your data at all.  Restores for anything are impossible.  What kind of business is this?  Instead of Wildcard Studios releasing more content with the same issues or instead of re-skinning dinos or making new colors available, they should try fixing some - or even one - of the issues, instead.I used to tell everyone looking for a game to play to buy this one.  That was selfish of me.  To all of those that I wronged, I apologize.  If you haven't bought this already - I would say don't waste your time/money.Yours Truly,A Teamer
Dark Larva	Recommended	1,174.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197975748684/	EDIT: 12/17/2017It has not been that far since I last edited my review back in October and I STILL stand by what I said about this game. I also recently upgraded my CPU to a "newer" i7 and my Videocard to the Nvidia 1080, Even though I really didn't need to since earlier this year I had upgraded to a 1070 (the 1070 went to a good home, My younger brother's PC that I had put together from my old parts). Now this update is not going to rate the Dev's with the game itself because I feel that just because a Dev is all over the place a really good game should not suffer because of it. Yes we all know the big whole fiascle which is Wild Card, but after all this time I've come to expect it. NOW! With the release of Abberation there have been a lot of add-ons and reworks that make the progression even more fun then before, IMHO. the animations of the new creatures are fantastic and the difficulty is not bad at all (that is if you still use the same character and have done the progression though the "story" because if you're a lvl 1 you're kinda SOL). There are new places to discover and new problems to address as well as a lot more questions as to who built the Arks and what is going on? It's just all around fun with me and my friends and a good majority of the time I play by myself on my own server which I run from my home. There are still bugs here and there but nothing I find game breaking for me and I have always found work arounds or fixes somewhere and it is also worth renoteing I am not playing it on a potato, Ark is still heavy on the resources, not as bad as Conan though. I say if you haven't tried it and you're on the fence, try it for less time then it is to get a refund, don't like it, get a refund, or have someone gift it to you or buy a cheap key somewhere. I say it's worth it. Also don't be like the people who call themselves Dedicate players who complain about hiccups because of delays. If you're that kind of person who dosen't go "Oh well I'll just play something else and come back when the update is actually ready" then don't buy it, Wild Card will frustrate you to no end and you'll be like the many who still play but cures the heck out of WC on the message boards. The community does not need more.EDIT: 10/01/2017With Abberation comming out and have bought the season pass (which had a discount if you bought scorched earth) I still back my choice and say that the game is fun to play if you're into survival games. Everyone who seems to be giving thumbs down on this game all are rating the game on what the developers are doing and not the game itself, and being one who had bought it day one of EA, I still would recommend this game, Because lets face it THERE IS NOTHING LIKE ARK THAT DOES IT BETTER.EDIT: 7/15/2017 UPDATED REVIEWI have played this game since EA launch and my RIG has had several updates as I now use a Nvidia GTX1070 and soon I will most likely upgrade my rig again with a newer CPU.I would first like to state that this is my opinion and you don't agree then that is your opinion. Please respect mine.GRAPHICS 8/10: It is not the greatest but it sure does look pretty especially if you have a good enough GPU to render it, My older 770 GPU I placed into a diffrent Desktop actually runs ARK pretty decently and looks great and surprisingly enough ARK has been optimized since launch dispite people screaming foul and saying they haven't BUT yeah it looks nice the texture are great but every now and then you'll get graphical bugs like plants streching and major clipping, but all in all it's not half bad.CONTROLS 7/10: The controls are what you'd expect from a survival game, they all tend to feel the same, floaty and not so solid but it works. it's not like Osirus or Eden Project, where the developers built a survival game around an FPS, in this stance this game feels like the FPS was added to a survival game, much like the Elder Scrolls games but not as solid but as I said, it still works. a friend of mine also stated that the loading of the invintory was kinda slow, he refered to the animation that took place before and it killed it for him, but I told him that there was an option that actually removed that, but for me it was not a deal breaker.SOUND 6/10: OK so if you have a Stereo system then it should sound ok, there are some instances though where gun fire sounds really close but the shooting takes place much ferther away then what it actually sounds like, this is more prevalent if you have a surround sound system, I for one have a 5.1 surround sound system and when I want to be quiet I have a 7.1 headset and these discreptancies kinda bug me, I know it's nitpicking but sound is very important to me especially since I spent the cash on such a system. But many people I know don't really pay attention to sound as much as I do and it's not terrible.GAMEPLAY 9/10: I rate this pretty high due to the fact I run my own private server and play with close friends and once in a while I'll throw in mods like the Monster Hunter mod. Playing solo can be fun if you're into making your own goals. I know a lot of people that just can't play a game unless the game tells them what to do, so if you're one of those people, this game is not for you. The experience can vary as well, I for one hated playing on official servers due to the fact there are practically ALPHA Clans at every spawn in those servers that like farming newbs for enjoyment and that can kill the fun for anyone. But if you like a challange and don't mind that then go for it!OVERALL: Ok I'm just going to leave this really up to you, the reader of my review, IMHO every cent I spent and time was all worth it, it entertained me and I have had lots of fun, I've ran the game on several PCs from Laptops to my current one and I will say that with tweeking ARK runs fine and is enjoyable, I have yet to run into any game breaking bugs for me or assets not loading or all this lack of optimazation that people cry about, though there were times I did fall between un breakable rocks with no way out except killing myself somehow and respawning.  Based on all that I still recommend this game to people...NOW FOR SOME OF YOU... Ok I know that some of you have been on the fence because of all the pricing flack and the negative reviews because of price. I bought into the EA price which was way significantly less then the current price and I also threw down for the paid DLC which I feel is fun and amazing and totally worth it. but there are many of you out there that have been on the fence about it and now the price is up and I know for a lot of you that's a big let down and a turn off and some of you probably are screaming "CASH GRAB!" or something to that nature. If the price scares you and you've watched gameplay and what not, I recommend watching Neebs gaming it's hilarious, but you want to try it, just try it and throw down for the game, play it for the alotted time you can still get a refund and then refund it. if it's not worth it to you get that refund, but if you enjoy it I personally think it's still worth every penny even if I got it cheaper, Heck I threw down for the collectors edition for PS4 and I really am not going to play it, that's how much I like the game, course I', not like some of those that played longer then I have. but I still find it fun. I feel if you want to try it you should take the risk, if it dosen't work out trade it back in and get something else. I STILL RECOMMEND!!!Though as soon as Monster Hunter World comes out on PC, I think my time in ARK will screech to a hault, but that'll be a while
MuhJahChee	Not Recommended	339.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198064583693/	As someone that has spent over 150 hours in this game, I can honestly say it is fun. Really fun. However, there is a fatal flaw that is ruining my good time on this game. The fact that I can spend all day (literally, from 9 a.m. to 11 p.m.) building a base, taming dinos, and farming resources, then go to sleep and have everything I've worked on destroyed and my progress reverted back to nothing, is more infuriating that anything I can possibly describe. The game is designed so when you log off, your body goes unconscious wherever you logged out and your base is just sitting there, for anyone to come blow up and level. I just don't understand what I am supposed to do to stop from being griefed by people when I am not even playing the game. And no, I am not going to a PvE server. The problem isn't players killing me. The problem is players killing me and my base when I am not even online. Like, what am I supposed to do? Have people in my tribe just take shifts literally 24/7?
ReLLiK_pt	Not Recommended	8.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/RelliK_pt/	Game is not even finish and they release a paid expansion/dlc already for the game. ♥♥♥♥ this company and their games.
KellyT	Not Recommended	3,541.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/OMGKellyT/	I'm changing my view on this game, because I'm very against the notion of an early access game publishing a paid expansion. It's a slap in the face to the people who paid for the "early access" version of the base game, which the money paid for ARK was then used to develop an expansion which is paid. Although I've had a lot of fun playing ARK, I don't approve of this business model.
Morishmael	Not Recommended	15.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Morishmael/	Typical survival game with dinosaurs. Felt similar to space engineers in that I could spend an entire day playing and feel like I accomplished nothing.That aside, paid DLC on an unfinished product. I'd recommend that any unsatisfied customers put in for a refund. Cite that this is an early access title, and you feel that the addition of paid DLC when the game still isn't out shows that the dev is seemingly unwilling to finish the game, and is therefore unwilling to fulfill the agreement of early access. (I give you money for an unfinished product, you finish said product.) No guarantee of course, but you might have some luck. Gonna try it myself now.
CitiSYN-Omega R	Not Recommended	4.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198030673609/	you want more money? finish your damn game first then maybe ill be ready to pay more...
TheSparrow	Recommended	719.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/thesparrowsjourney/	"Since *that game we all know of" vanished there was an empty space for a dinosaurs survival game. ARK has the potential to be THE one you remember." But it's still some ways off. For starters it's currently running bad. I'm getting about 35ish fps with a 780Ti with settings on medium which is unacceptable. If you don't own a high end system I recommend you to wait until they patch some optimization in.If we forget about the performance issues we're looking at what might be the reference in the survival dinosaurs sub genre. The game looks amazing and there are quite a lot of quality options to chose from. Even though, once again, the performance doesn't change all that much. The crafting system is tied with experience which is a pretty good idea. In games like Rust you login and you can immediately start crafting high end stuff (assuming that you have the materials). In ARK you need to spend more time which adds depth. You need to level up in order to craft & acquire some of the high end stuff like a rifle. You also chose where you want to spend your points, stamina, health, movement speed, attacking power, etc. Which for me makes it much more meaningful than other survival games out there.There's much more to explore and I'll try to update this review. If you are really into survival gaming and have a top system go ahead. My recommendation comes to the ones wanting to support what seems to be a good start.If you wish to see it in action you're more than welcome to check this video, it's a First Look into the game:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8GdmGMCACf8&index=1&list=PLBqXrq67D6oruPRVRMvWWIhSBKnPJ5XaA 
rizzy	Not Recommended	29.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197962286900/	Paid DLC on Early Access? Yea, right...
Sadworld	Not Recommended	476.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197980125392/	DLC in an Early Access title just for that.......
Devil Man X	Not Recommended	2.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/devilmanx/	Ark was overrated from the start. Not a bad game just not a good one either. Incredibly poor performance and terrible optimisation were it's greatest weaknesses from the start. As the game gained in popularity the truly wretched nature of the developer showed through. A lawsuit over stolen ideas and tech, multiple failed free to play cash in spin off versions and now they've released a paid "expansion". All for a game that has not even left Early Access yet. Ark is a perfect example of an ignorant developer stumbling across success on their way down the toilet.Edit: Multiple pieces of DLC and a full season pass added into a years old incomplete game that just got "released" today.
Daldingo	Not Recommended	530.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198077983923/	PAID DLC ON A GAME THAT ISN'T FINISHED. I have put a lot of time and love into this game, but take it from me, stay away. On the outside looking in it is amazing. Full of dinos that you can tame, level, and breed like a giant prehistoric pokemon. But once you're in you see it is nothing more. It's full of bugs, lags horribly. Official servers are a total s**tshow. This is the most unoptimized game I've ever played. But the part that kills me the most is they make you download 8.1GB of paid content, regardless of whether or not you actually own the DLC. This thing wastes so much disk space it is unbelievable. Let's make them earn their money by producing an actual game.
Finnie	Not Recommended	69.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/finniethehuman/	Would have been nice to have better optimization for this game. Developers are heading towards the wrong direction.
Guad Zulo	Not Recommended	9.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/GuadZulo/	Oh boy! More content I get to pay for an not be able to play because the game runs in powerpoint mode. Can't wait to run this♥♥♥♥♥♥ass garbage at 2 fps and crash after 10 minutes!
Victor001br	Not Recommended	4.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/victor001br/	No no no no no.
JoeTheAntiPro	Not Recommended	978.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198093623627/	awesome game! however with the recent nerfs to the flyers i am writing this negitive review in protest. i will change it to a positive review with more details as soon as they find a more reasonable way to prevent flyers from dominating pvp etc.flyers need to be a high risk and very high reward type of mount, and no, simply being able to float slowy through the air for a breif time isnt a high reward. they just ruined 95% of what made flying mounts viable at all.
Smoova126	Not Recommended	1,275.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Smoova126/	This game was very enjoyable for almost 2 yrs.  Then on 4-1-17 they come out with this update that renders over a year of breading and special selecting flyers to get the best you can for what you need. I.E. move speed or weight or melee.  Then yank the rug out from under you and basically leave you with dino's that are best suited for just sitting in your gates and rotting away.  They don't have enough stam to get from one island to another in The Center Map.  Oh you want to go get some Wyveren eggs to hatch one.  No that's no longer possible.  So if thinking about spending the money on the Scorched earth map?  Don't waist your money unless you don't want Wyveren and only want some of the land dino's and the new structures.  All in all if you haven't purchased this game i recommend saving your money until you start reading reviews about the fix for the flyers in this game.  Minimum move speed on an argentavis to get into the Wyverens valley and get out alive with the egg is 200% move speed.  So it's capped at the 100% it tames at.  So the additional $30 for scorched is like throwing money out the window.
Regulator	Not Recommended	2,208.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197972929007/	Look at the reviews people.  You have a ton of people with 1000's of hours saying that the developers have broken the game.  The positive reviews are coming from people that haven't invested nearly the time.  They nerfed fliers and said they don't fit into their vision of the game.......... well this is the only game i know that has a vision that players should have to set alarms in the middle of the night in order to breed dinos... that should also tell you something.  This game is a timesink like no other and the flier nerf has only compounded the problem.   Not to mention you can build for weeks only to have a chinese hoard transfer to your server and kill everything you have worked on in hours............. yeah great fun.  The developers say say its early access and you should "expect bugs"..... fair enough, but there are bugs that have been in this game for over a year and they have already released a paid DLC for this game...... for these reasons I cannot recommend that you spend money on this in it's current form.
Coffeechipmunk	Not Recommended	128.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Coffeechipmunk/	Poor optimization, and paid DLC before it's even released.
Nemesis	Not Recommended	310.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Nemesis_345/	Congrats WildCard, you played yourself
MaximumCat	Not Recommended	1,272.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198035643499/	Patch 256 just wrecked ARK: Survival Evolved. DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS GAME.I have played ARK for 2 years, while it's been in Early Access.Flying dinos are now so slow, and their stamina so low, they aren't worth using. Rafts are now useless, due to a new gigantic fish which hates them, and sinks them within seconds.Travel in this game just became almost completely restricted to ground mounts. Now, you cannot enjoy flying quickly around the map. Doing anything will take forever, and the game feels slower than waiting in line at the DMV in Los Angeles.ARK was fun up until today. So disappointed... I really liked the game before. Now, there is no point in playing it. Games are for fun, and ARK is no longer fun.
-CyberRat- [Linux]	Not Recommended	3,527.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/CyberRat/	it improved very little.I still would suggest to NOT buy this game if you play on Linux
Tristan	Not Recommended	326.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/lamberto29/	STAY AWAY FROM THIS GAME!Bought this game some time ago and it was riddled with teething issues, from servers constantly going down due to updates and hotfixes. The cancerous community that is the ark multiplayer servers are just awfulAnd then theirs the most recent update which utterlly breaks the game without a second thought and makes every flying creature useless.Do not buy 1/10  
[TiC] Falcor The Urinator	Not Recommended	774.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/werk62/	Used to love this game so much. I play mainly on PVE servers and the new flyer nerf has just made the game not fun anymore. They could have made the flyer nerf a server option but instead they just mandatorily ruined it for everyone. Don't waste your time on this game.
Boris	Not Recommended	1,269.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/115434/	Optimizing & Finishing the base game doesn't seem to be a priority right now.Although this is the expected priority for a lot of the player/funding base. This is just wrong...Not buying the dlc
Ctrl+Alt+Boner	Not Recommended	713.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/CtrlAltBoner/	I can't believe this game came out with PAID DLC when they haven't even finished the game. To think I was tricked into paying $29.99 for a game that was never completed, instead they spent the money on DLC? WTF
SmakZac	Recommended	352.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198074093738/	This game is absolutely beautiful, the graphics, the game play, the dinos. I recommend this game to anyone who loves dinosaurs or loves an amazing survival game, The Devs seem to come out with an update almost every single day, and food, hunger and thirst all actually work. This is the open world survival game i've been looking for all my life. Highly recommend it!
Coffeechipmunk	Not Recommended	128.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Coffeechipmunk/	Poor optimization, and paid DLC before it's even released.
Nemesis	Not Recommended	310.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Nemesis_345/	Congrats WildCard, you played yourself
Grundy	Not Recommended	785.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/nonya/	After the NMS debacle I now can't believe anything any devs say.But seriously, DLC for EA game WTF.The following have been in the patch notes for ARK for over a year...A Little Further Out- Procedurally Generated ARKs!- DirectX12 Mode for Windows 10! Approximate +20% perf - Specific Representative "on-ground" meshes for all dropped items- Random GPU Driver crash fix: TrueSkyI expect none of this.
Pinkwebby	Not Recommended	906.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/pinkwebby/	This game was very amazing at first. I love dinosaurs, it was a way for me to explore a map full of them. But after roughly a year of playing this game, I can say I would not recommend it. The developers don't really know what they're doing, nor what their game needs. If they think it does need something, it's coming from only one part of the community that plays it. They don't reach out to the players and ask what we want, they just assume this is what we need in the game.Don't get me wrong, the game is beautiful and so much fun, but recently, the game-breaking bugs and glitches, as well as the (you guessed it) flyer nerf, have really thrown me off the game. We've had numerous animals die or disappear under the map, and our flyers are basically useless now because we're a PvE server.All in all, buy the game if you're ready to spend a lot of time on it and have a good computer to run it. Otherwise, it's not the game for you.
P2	Not Recommended	264.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198022411903/	This is our 1st early access game, after we watched/read a lot of reviews we finally decided to give it a try. Had so much fun with the game and were happy we made the right decision; however, Wildcard recent action disappointed all of us.This is our first ever "Early Access" game, but probably the last.
TechnoDirt	Not Recommended	120.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TechnoDirt/	Paid DLC for a game in early access?
JackalTech	Not Recommended	1,276.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jackaltech/	I would NOT recommend this game. I have owned/played for over a year. I absolutely love this game. I know, "NOT recommended" but "loves" this game. Correct. You see, its an amazing looking game. Even after spending HUNDREDS OF DOLLARS to play in a decent setting. Its gorgeous. I bought a 4k UHD TV(42") to soak it all in. I love the small servers we play on, and REALLY enjoy Valhalla map. We just have fun. Here's were it turns sour. 3 years in development. Stated as a early access/alpha game. For 3 years. I paid half of the price of a retail fully developed, talented studios fully made game. Those are $59 by default. Xbox, PS, PC. Main stream FULLY WORKING GAMES are $59, I paid $30 for a 3 year old money trap, with TONS of new content, but more and more bugs. No optimization, no cleaning of the product they made 3 YEARS AGO. Then yesterday happened. It started right after the day before ended. And is now, at this time, the next day. I wanted to cool off. I can't. So this Alpha, early access game now has an expansion. Yep, a game that isn't even finished yet, let alone working correctly, has an expansion. And.....[wait for it] it cost $19. So now I am seeing that the original game has been abandoned for future full launch release. They are pushing their 2nd total conversion on us, and this time making us pay for it. WWe paid our end of the deal. How is that yet another early access bully developer gets to not come through on their end and give us our fully developed Official release Vanilla game. And now get to move on to a whole different agenda.I say ♥♥♥♥ YOU Ark, and I refuse to spread the word about the great game, and instead the manipulation of us and the taking of our money. I for one am not paying another $19.♥♥♥♥♥♥off. Wasted time.
sauravmaddog	Not Recommended	0.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/sauravmaddog/	lol even if you get bitten by a dino , dont ever buy this crap
El Capitan	Not Recommended	612.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/colt0777/	++Good content-very unoptimized-too grindy-almost impossible to play solo 
Ghalo7	Not Recommended	361.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198116370277/	Studio Wildcard should be avoided at all costs.  They do not value their customers.
UnboundedGamer	Not Recommended	1,383.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198079885088/	The new UI sucks makes leveling up and inventory management hell to use and the nerf on the flyers is bs. It makes it so the wyverns are only worth hatching because of the breath attack not because of there great stamia and speed. it also makes the quezts so hard to use for doing metal runs because they run out of stamia so fast. I can keep the new UI but fix the flyers for chirst sakes I mean the spin attack on a Pteradon takes the stamia down by 1/3 thats some bs. I understand if that was the case for PVP and some stuff need to be nerf but in PVE we need flyers for everything, literally everything.
Cypha	Not Recommended	20.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Mawgron/	Early access DLC. Just no.
grimfalcon	Not Recommended	0.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/grimfalcon/	ARK: DLC Evolved.  Typically during an Early Access/Beta/Alpha, adding new content is an expected part of them developing the game toward a full release.  However, ARK:Survival Evolved has InnoVented a new way to approach Early Access.  Charge customers for Early Access and then, when you realize that they want you to actually finish the game, charge customers again for any new content you develop and claim it's Early Access DLC BUT combine it with a P2Win advantage so that customers not wishing to pay this have a negative game experience until such time they are pressured to do so.This allows you, the developer, to have all of the lack of responsibility in terms of polish Early Access brings with along with the DLC revenue 99.999% of the industry only asks for once their game is in a full release candidate.
Mirvela	Not Recommended	869.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Mirvela/	Today Ark was very bed game you guys made lots of wrong choises horrible fps i cant play like this plis fix it
Mewkel	Recommended	3,796.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/DeXtaaR/	I walked around for a few hours in-game... I'm still walking around.
Nobility Gaming	Recommended	787.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/NobilityGaming/	I have this game since the release and after 235h+ I still love it! One day you can be getting killed by dinos another you can be building a house while the next day seeing it get destroyed by dinos that you tried to tame. Most of the bad reviews for this game are caused by the difficulty of the game (learn how to play before reviewing) or by low FPS.Ok now for the CONS and PROS.CONS:- The game needs more optimization options.PROS:- The game has a steam workshop. (Maps, Mods)- Devs update the game very often.- Devs care about hacks and exploits.- Ark Survival of The Fittest game mode. (Hunger Games)- Tournaments and Competitions.- Soo much content as for early access.- Quite a challenging game.- Amazing graphics.- This is one of the best games on steam i have played.9.9/10The only downfall of this game is that you need a really good computer for it to run well unless there will be more optimization.Why are you still reading this just buy the game already!
Xiro	Not Recommended	1,563.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198031333934/	This game has great potential but the recent decision to start charging additional money for game content before the game is finished is quite alarming. Before buying I would suggest watching some gameplay videos to decide if you are interested but I would also keep in mind that the devs have now begun to charge their customers extra money for the content being developed for the game and in order to attain the complete game you will currently be required to purchase the game and pay for the DLC Scorched Earth. If the developer should decide to do this again in the future the price tag for the final game could rise even higher. As for the game, it is entertaining as is but suffers from poor optimization and can become quite tedious and apparently shallow after a short time. Despite that I would have highly recommended this game and have often done so by word of mouth. After the release of this paid DLC for an unfinished game, however, I could not possibly recommend purchasing this title. As it stands I am at least partially responsible for many people purchasing this game and to be perfectly honest I now feel somewhat guilty for doing so. The least I can do now is try to prevent others from falling victem to this sort of shady behaviour by game developers.In conclusion, if the game seems appealing to you but you are unwilling to purchase it because of the early access DLC situation, I would suggest that you not write off the game entirely and pehaps wait until it is finished and take another look. As I said, this game has incredible potential and if the developer decides to focus on finishing the game and stops charging people for content that, in my opinion, should have been added to the game we have been paying them to develop, it would be well worth a second look.
Mortis247	Not Recommended	382.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198055494684/	I had initially recommended this game a few months ago. However the release of Paid DLC before leaving early access is disgraceful. I am generally not opposed to paid DLC but this marks a new low.I suspect the DLC has been planned for some time and was supposed to be released a few months after Arks originally planned release in June.However the base game is not complete, is running well behind schedule and it appears resources have been diverted away from it to develop paid-for DLC.
Gutz	Not Recommended	554.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/la-le-lu-le-lo/	While I definitely got my money's worth from this title, I find it very difficult to recommend. * Official servers are (for the most part) not worth playing on due to exploiting running rampant. * The steamworkshop does a good job of saving the game from it's short comings, but sadly the game doesn't seem to be able to stand on it's own without them.* A.I. of all the creatures leaves something to be desired, while there are some minor interesting interactions (like with the torch interacting with aggro) It ultimately doesn't feel very well explored. Once something is tamed it's a mindless zombie that will charge in and face ♥♥♥♥ anything that so much as breaths on it. (I know you can encumber tamed wyverns to act as sentries but that ironically is rather encumbersome.)* Progression doesn't feel very balanced, not going to pretend like I'm an expert on the matter but many of my friends (myself included) always seem to start fresh, destroy everything with just fabricated weapons/metal weapons and never progress further than that because we have no reason to.* Survival elements are a bit lacking, while there are some interesting interactions like "swamp fever" it feels more like an after thought than a feature. Temperture interactions only affect how fast your water and hunger bar deminish (or if severe enough, your hp). To go further on this topic- your tames are unaffected by the temperture, which feels out of place at best.* RPG mechanics are also very lacking, it's just stat inflating without any other interesting interactions... unless you think leveling up your breath having the secondary effect of making you swim slightly faster is interesting. * Hit boxes can also be incredibly frustrating, when you have five thrown spears sticking into the face of a raptor and only two of the spears did damage, It's going to break your immersion-  I know a lot of the time this is caused by server desync but the problem happens in single player as well .Overall I feel like Ark: Survival Evolved spread itself too thin trying to be a survival game and an rpg game while being completely mediocre at both. It definitely still has potential to be fun with the right friends- but that can be said about anything. I can not recommend the game at it's full price, grab it at 50% off if you have to.  
Mr. Meeseeks	Not Recommended	276.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/cuytastic101/	After hundreds of hours of okay time, I am uninstalling ARK for good.  Greedy devs trying to charge $20 for "expansions packs" for a PRERELEASE GAME is bad enough.  But this stupid game is now eating over 100GB on my hard drive, and just got another 12GB update.  THAT THEY WANT ME TO PAY TO USE. This is now twice.  I forgave the Scorched Earth nonsense, but to pull this crap twice is some unreal level of scam artistry.  In no uncertain terms, eat a bag of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥for your greedy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and I'll take my 100GB back for things I can use by only paint for them ONCE.  Thanks.
Ilazki	Not Recommended	673.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ilazki/	Review for non-Windows usersIf you're thinking of buying this game for Linux or macOS, don't.  It's the only game I can think of that's actually gotten progressively worse over time, and its support for those platforms is in a much worse state at release than it was during early access.  All the old bugs are still there, but now with new-and-improved ones to make things more interesting!  Some examples, from a Linux user's perspective:Non-graphical issues With multiple displays, opening menus makes mouse cursor appear on a different display than the game window. Attempting to run the game windowed (to fix the above) causes the cursor to be offset by the size of the titlebar. (Only fixable by removing titlebar from the window, e.g. via window manager tweaks) Numpad keys are not recognised and cannot be used.  These keys are required to use the tame groups feature.  (Binds can be changed to something else via config editing) Thumb mouse buttons are not recognised and are unbindable, even via config editing.  Only workaround is to use an external tool to bind them to key combination sand bind those instead. The cursor often disappears while in certain parts of the UI, such as engram learning.  When this happens, the game cannot be interacted with.  This can sometimes be fixed by clicking and dragging, but only if the UI is scrollable.  If you, say, filter the engram list and it can't scroll, your only option is to kill the game process and relaunch. The game crashes if you click or even move the mouse too much during load screens.  Or if the game loses focus for any reason, such as a notification popup or another window stealing focus for some reason.  Hands off the mouse and hope for the best.Graphical Issues Strange, psychedelic effects any time there's supposed to be some kind of light flash.  Usually only an annoyance. Rain effects often turn into what I call "LSD rain", a trippy pixelated red/green/blue effect that distorts wildly when you move the camera.  Made worse with "high quality VFX" and "light bloom" settings enabled, but always a problem.  Happens more in some areas, such as redwoods, but can happen anywhere. Many broken particle effects, especially in certain areas.  Dust clouds caused by mining, dino footsteps, mushrooms, etc. turn into strange, blocky, red/black/blue surfaces that are impossible to see through. The GPS, compass, torch, and some other items cause additional graphical glitches in areas affected by the above.  Good luck getting your bearings if you're in an affected area, because the compass is a black surface and the GPS shows some kind of red/pink/black barcode instead of N|S|E|W Caves trigger these problems and are completely unplayable as a result.  Don't bother going into one unless you can turn on god mode. (New!)  Transparent water textures have mostly been replaced by a flat, opaque, grey, pixelated surface.  Not only is this horribly ugly, it means that you can no longer see what is underneath the water at all.  Unlike everything else, this is a new bug that only started a couple months ago, Swamps are basically impossible to deal with because of a combination of all of the above.  No compass/GPS; can't see leeches, piranhas, etc. in the water; can't see anything above-water when the LSD rain begins; and so on. (New!)  Thin red outline around various things, such as the character preview in the inventory screen and explorer notes.  Started a couple patches ago. (New!)  Red flashes occur when exiting game to main menu.  Started a couple patches ago. (New!)  Whenever water effects, such as from a tap or any other source of non-broken water, like the small lake in redwoods biome, meets the edge of the screen, it turns into red glitchy particle effects.  Started a couple patches ago.   This is a minor annoyance for me, but AMD GPU users are reporting that the glitching is much more common and severe for them, making the game nigh unplayable.This is all from memory, so I'm probably missing a few things, but it should illustrate what a broken mess of a game ARK is for non-Windows users.  It's not Linux-specific either, because many (most?) of the problems, especially the graphical ones, affect macOS users as well.To make things worse, Studio Wildcard doesn't even attempt to communicate at all with its non-Windows users, leaving everybody wondering if the Linux and macOS versions are just abandoned at this point.  The game's an unplayable mess for us, but they tout the improvements of the upcoming DX12 support for the subset of Windows users that can get it, without even a word about either Vulkan or some kind of fix for their broken OpenGL support.And, finally, keep in mind that this is all in addition to the problems Windows users report.It's a shame, because it's a fun survival / sandbox game that has a lot of potential, especially with mods (like Structures Plus) to smooth out some rough edges.  I'd love to be able to recommend it to others, because there's a fun game buried under all the problems, but in its current state the game is absolutely not worth a purchase at any price.
matatobogota	Not Recommended	304.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198021841046/	I've had problems with this game since the start, no biggie, but now they release a paid DLC wothout fixing some very basic problems in their main game... i still get regular reproduceable problems every time i play the game.
Regis_DeVallis	Not Recommended	5.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Regis_DeVallis/	DLC for an early access game should not be allowed.
Sad Sloth	Not Recommended	4.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198097124861/	The fact that this game is labled early access and is not offically finished and they release a money grab dlc that is fully finished should be reason enough not to by this game.
Llama-nator	Not Recommended	189.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198020612700/	Can be a fun game, but broken dino pathing/ spawning among other bugs and issues are frustrating.  "B..b...but it's early access amirite guise?"  Naw, when you release $20 USD DLC, you better have your base game sorted out.
SuicidalGoat	Not Recommended	101.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/suicidalgoat/	Last played February 2016. Got tired of the bugs and bored of the lack of meaningful content. When I say tired of the bugs, I mean really really sick and frustrated and annoyed by game breaking bugs. Don't even get me started on performance that they are "working on soon" for over a year. Running at 1080p resolution you still can't run a decent 60fps on a brand new GTX 1080. Fast forward to September 2016, I get told that they released some DLC for the game. I think to myself "wow, they must have come a long way on the game since I played last." LOL NOPE. I still do my due diligence and look over what has been done these past six months or so. Not nearly enough as most of the problems are still there. I am sickened and disappointed that they are charging for DLC on an unfinished game. Upset enough to ask steam for a refund on the game. (only tried this once before on a non-working game out of 200+ games on my account)Bad news: Steam will not refund any of the 4 copies I purchased for myself and my family. Good news: I get to copy and paste this negative review 4 times.
Dericco	Not Recommended	126.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Dericco/	A paid DLC for an unfinished early access (alpha) game? Just bad, bad, bad and set a very bad industry precendent. Shame on the devs for this money grab (probably to pay for their lawsuit).
Archy321	Not Recommended	4,079.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197989629718/	It used to be fun....dont bother now...it'll only disapoint you.
SirCrazyApe	Not Recommended	63.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SirCrazyApe/	GTX 1070, still get massive stuttering at medium settings. DLC while in Early Access? c'mon.
rizefall	Not Recommended	25.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/rizefall/	Paid DLC when the game has yet to leave Early Access. Finish the main game people paid for before you put out content you want money for once again.
*Lyx*	Not Recommended	524.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/lysdexicone6363/	Paid DLC before complete...
Darkness | GAVKøPS	Not Recommended	635.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Darkness-id/	20€ on DLC being an early acces..., WHY DID YOU DO THIS?
Quello93	Not Recommended	18.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/quello93/	Paid DLC while in early access, game's still unfinished. LMFAO
2SRL ThatBants	Not Recommended	94.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/2SGames/	Yet another game following the path of Killing Floor 2, adding opportunities to throw even more money at a game that isn't even finished, Already an expansion that costs almost as much as the actual game while the game itself keeps getting delayed, runs poorly and is just NOT finished.Steam shouldn't allow games that are tagged as Early Access to support DLC or Microtransactions.Regardless of how great this game is, this behaviour should never be accepted, don't support their awful business strategies.
Mo	Not Recommended	0.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/lordebubble/	Paid DLC for early access games should not be allowed.
Aknot	Not Recommended	508.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Aknotwow/	The Good: Still better than No Man's Sky (will probably start all reviews off like that).Nice GraphicsDinosaursGreat Survival TechniquesEnough to be worth the $25 I paidModdersThe Bad:Small MapToo many DinosDX12 supported really neededDLC that you need to pay for while still in early accessThat last line is enough for me not to recommend this game. Eve the base version. It doesnt look good when a company does this. A few things can happen and most of those are not good. So I cant say buy this game. Maybe if it goes to $15 or less. The base game is still playable and enjoyable for your $15 however the fear of what may happen a few months down the road has me saying take your money elsewhere. Except to Hello Games and No Mans Sky.....
Forak	Not Recommended	278.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Forak/	Can't deny it's a good game, but can't recommend it because of shady business practices releasing paid DLC before the game is even out of early access.
Archy321	Not Recommended	4,079.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197989629718/	It used to be fun....dont bother now...it'll only disapoint you.
DarkFrost	Not Recommended	2.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/darkfrost97/	I haven't played a lot of this game because it runs like crap on my PC. Keeping in mind that I play The Witcher 3 on High at 60+ FPS that was a shocker. But I decided not to refund this game because I thought it will get better optimisation over time since it's early access. But the moment I heard of them releasing a paid DLC for an unfinished game, was the last straw for me. You cannot just ask more money for a game that is missing content and was being sold upon the promise of additional content and then ask money for the said content while not fixing the base game. This is SHADY AND UNETHICAL AS ♥♥♥♥! Don't buy this game, don't support these developers who see nothing but their games as a cash cow.
Vesalius	Not Recommended	2,862.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197963861676/	Can't really condone the policy of not finishing the game and releasing a paid DLC which is more expensive than the original game. Promised features of the main game after a year(!) still not delivered. Way to go.
M88K	Not Recommended	476.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/M88k88/	Any EA game that releases paid DLC should be a big red flag, but like so many I bought it. Regrets abound, while the premise is great. they spend more time adding new content, destroying content that worked and ignoring bugs than anything. Truthfully the whole "in alpha" is just an excuse for them not to fix anything, on top of that they keepbreaking things that used to work fine. I'd avoid for the next year or two and see if they ever get to fixing bugs
Carm3D	Not Recommended	3.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197993437321/	What a greedy move!  Posting paid DLC for a game that isn't even finished yet.  This means they spend time developing this instead of finishing the game.  For shame.  I would get a refund for this if I could.
floyd	Not Recommended	1,079.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/floydieee/	Latest patch has made an already large time sink into an unreasonably large time sink. Devs need to realise that most people hold employment and will not play the game when they decide to make everything twice as time consuming.
John Lenin beats his wife	Not Recommended	635.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198273966809/	AMAZING! IT TOOK LESS THAN A DAY TO♥♥♥♥♥♥OFF YOUR ENTIRE COMMUNITY 10/10
Sidewinder_202	Not Recommended	3,010.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197972759272/	Don't let it consume your life, as it has mine.Nearly 3000 hours of doing nothing but grinding resources.  That is all that I feel I’ve accomplished.  If I could go back in time and tell myself not to pick up Ark, I would in a heartbeat.  With very few exceptions, most particularly the good friends I've made in Ark over the last 3 years, I regret ever launching the game.Real-time survival games are a novel idea, but Ark is a black hole that can take over your life and never let you go.  The massive amount of content and logical systems working in the background is staggering, but seldom are you allowed to enjoy any of those for long if you play official servers.  After nearly 3 years of Early Access, the developer Wildcard did very little to alleviate the issues official PvP players had with being raided offline and issues official PvE players had with being greifed.From a PvP perspective, the amount of time you will invest in gathering resources is grossly offset compared to the short amount of time it takes for you to lose it all to raiders.  99% of fights occur while one side is entirely offline and unable to defend themselves.  After 3000 hours of gameplay, I’ve NEVER seen a single 2-sided battle like those flaunted in Ark’s trailers.  Battles have devolved into a bland 2-step process where an attacker drains a base’s main defenses (turrets) of ammunition and then lures out and kills any defending creatures with one of the most powerful creatures in the game (a Giganotosaurus).  No amount of base engineering or building creativity can save a PvPing system that doesn’t exist.From a PvE perspective, you will be hard pressed to find a server where you won't be griefed or harassed by Ark's overall toxic community.  There is a game mechanic that prevents separate tribes from building structures too close to one another, so many griefers take advantage of that, blanketing entire maps with cheap structures to block other players from building.  Ark will have a set of new ‘launch’ servers when it’s released, and I expect those PvE servers to succumb to the same fate as their legacy servers.From a PvPvE perspective, any PvE players that attempt to set up ‘safe’ PvP communities to fight off griefers always succumb to the faults of PvP and offline raiding.  Even if you manage to unite an entire official PvP server under a peaceful PvE mindset, raiders and griefers alike can transfer in from any other official PvP server at any time with their items and dinos to destroy whatever they want to whenever they want to.  Offline raiding other servers, especially those with time zone differences, becomes sickeningly easily.The only praise I can make for Ark is that it has extremely talented art and coding departments.  The atmosphere they’ve created is stunning and passionate, with breathtakingly detailed landscapes and lifelike creatures that roam them.  That and the semi-intuitive building system is enough to keep many players coming back to the game, but not enough to justify the massive amount of time you will invest into daily tasks that feel more like work than fun.I was enticed back to Ark twice to check out new content and get back together with old friends, but every time resulted in regrets and the wish that I had never started to begin with.  Overall, my advice to anyone browsing this game is to pass it by, and never look back.  You will potentially save yourself years of frustration, stress, and disappointment.
Milo	Not Recommended	917.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198108128825/	seriously, i thought no one can beat overkill (payday) in f*cking up a game, but you guys.. you just managedwhats the point of blocking speed upgrade of flyers? they are completely useless now.. you could have changed it to add like 1% or what, we still have limited points to spend so its not like there are going to be MIG-like flyers (aka hyperspeed wyverns or what) - speed stat is there for a reason, its my own decision where i put levelup points to (well, should be.. you just banned me from upgrading what i want on my dino)new interface - what the actual ****? i dont want it, i dont like it. why force me into it? most things can be turned on/off (or switched between), why not gui appearance?dino disappearing bug - potentially solved... cool, after more than 1 year, you maybe, just maybe, managed to remove quite serious bug... well took you long enough to at least try somethingsh*tload of new dinos again - its getting ridiculous really... constantly bringing up new dinos, new useless dinos i might add.. whats the point? you are never gonna finish this game, it will always be early access with attitude like this. what about crops/greenhouse bug? sometimes i think im in the story of jack and the beanstalk... dinos glitching through floor? or eggs falling through? oh but nevermind the bugs, just hurl out another pack of dinos (like giant fleas, ancient zebras or some useless sh*t like that)ive had some great time playing this game, was happy that there is ea game worth investing in and waiting for to be finalized... but you will never do that, because for whatever reasons you have, you dont want it finished...EDIT: guys, you should go back to Alpha stage... severe bugs (like teleporting when riding dinos) and you notice only after releasing such a buggy patch? do you test those patches before spitting them out? oh, and by the way... upcoming patch: 4 new dinos... yay, just what we were waiting for... (sarcasm)EDIT No. 2: lolwut, 70€ ? :D lawsuits too expensive or what? :D
Pain123	Not Recommended	562.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197960324435/	With the newest Patch 256, the game is no longer fun. There was a reduction of stamina implemented for all the flying creatures, causing things that were completed pretty fast, no take double or triple the time. With single players just playing for the fun of it, this update is a huge step back.
MoCi Do u see a joy?	Not Recommended	1,324.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198111990669/	What the hell man!!!! This game looks like a♥♥♥♥♥♥now, this nerf is useless!!! I loved this game but now... i cant play anymore
Tommexx	Not Recommended	189.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198029283752/	This thing poops updates like there's no tomorrow, each breaking more than it fixes.If you think you can casually play with your mods, expect 3 hours of daily testing to make sure nothing completely breaks down,
123	Not Recommended	3,697.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198039641666/	poorest customer service in the feild
Legondz	Not Recommended	9,276.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/PedjaDjurdjic/	They broke the game not worth getting after the current patch everyone left. Don't waste youre money they put it on special the day they released a game breaking patch.
xXkrucifierXx	Not Recommended	728.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198006585075/	256 patch has ♥♥♥♥ed the game wouldnt recomend it to anyone, not just flyers being nerfed but vaults being downsized without notice making previous bases using vault defence useless... love the game but the devs ♥♥♥♥ with it to much to a scale loads of people quit. will wait a few more months then come back to it and see what they've done to improve what they just broke...
Stokkie	Not Recommended	24.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Stokkie/	Developers are scum. . .
stu	Not Recommended	9.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/stutheidiot/	This is a slap in the face of early access proponents. June 2015: Approximately how long will this game be in Early Access? “Approximately 1 year, with a full release planned for June 2016 coinciding with the console versions.” (IT STILL SAYS THAT)June 2016: No release.September 2016: Want to see what we've been working on? It's going to cost you another 20 dollars.
db_smooth	Not Recommended	563.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198093592161/	First the dev gets himself sued for stealing, then releases paid dlc to this unfinished EARLY ACCESS game to recover money lost.The game is meh, the developer is a total scumbag. Play something else
minijedimaster	Not Recommended	18.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197993917521/	Game has potential for fun.  Unfortunately it is very unoptimized and very unfinished.  But instead of finishing and optimizing their early access product, like they were paid by millions of customers to do.  They are creating new unfinished/unoptomized DLC content and selling that.  No thanks.  Will no longer support this game or these devs.  Good Luck.
WhiskeyTangoFoxtrot	Not Recommended	4,927.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198251015690/	Wildcard has made a HUGE mistake with this so-called update (patch 256). New UI looks nice but requires more cliking to accomplish the same task. I use to be able to shift clikc and split a stack. Now I have to hold shift and then press T. While not major, it is a HUGE annoyance to me for the way I play. When in a crafting structure there are two tabs. An inventory and a crafting tab. Unless you toggle on Engram view, you have to switch back and forth between each tab. With the engram option on, you can view all items in one, but then what is teh point of the two tabs? Annoying, but not a huige deal.Now, on to the nerf. EVERYTHING got nerfed, flyers the most. This for me a a deal braker. Game is dead. The devs have created no flyer servers with this mod and destroyed the point of flyers. On teh bright side, I do not play official and mods are already out (albeit still being worked on) to revert all the crap Wildcard has done.Overall, I hate what they have done and will never play officail again becaseu of it. I venture to say a large percentage of poeple will also drop officail servers fot modded ones. Becasue of thie bad patch, I can not reccommend this game.
KanGa	Not Recommended	1,252.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kanguh/	60 Dollars.  LULS.  Maybe optimize your game before trying to pull this.
John Lenin beats his wife	Not Recommended	635.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198273966809/	AMAZING! IT TOOK LESS THAN A DAY TO♥♥♥♥♥♥OFF YOUR ENTIRE COMMUNITY 10/10
Sidewinder_202	Not Recommended	3,010.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197972759272/	Don't let it consume your life, as it has mine.Nearly 3000 hours of doing nothing but grinding resources.  That is all that I feel I’ve accomplished.  If I could go back in time and tell myself not to pick up Ark, I would in a heartbeat.  With very few exceptions, most particularly the good friends I've made in Ark over the last 3 years, I regret ever launching the game.Real-time survival games are a novel idea, but Ark is a black hole that can take over your life and never let you go.  The massive amount of content and logical systems working in the background is staggering, but seldom are you allowed to enjoy any of those for long if you play official servers.  After nearly 3 years of Early Access, the developer Wildcard did very little to alleviate the issues official PvP players had with being raided offline and issues official PvE players had with being greifed.From a PvP perspective, the amount of time you will invest in gathering resources is grossly offset compared to the short amount of time it takes for you to lose it all to raiders.  99% of fights occur while one side is entirely offline and unable to defend themselves.  After 3000 hours of gameplay, I’ve NEVER seen a single 2-sided battle like those flaunted in Ark’s trailers.  Battles have devolved into a bland 2-step process where an attacker drains a base’s main defenses (turrets) of ammunition and then lures out and kills any defending creatures with one of the most powerful creatures in the game (a Giganotosaurus).  No amount of base engineering or building creativity can save a PvPing system that doesn’t exist.From a PvE perspective, you will be hard pressed to find a server where you won't be griefed or harassed by Ark's overall toxic community.  There is a game mechanic that prevents separate tribes from building structures too close to one another, so many griefers take advantage of that, blanketing entire maps with cheap structures to block other players from building.  Ark will have a set of new ‘launch’ servers when it’s released, and I expect those PvE servers to succumb to the same fate as their legacy servers.From a PvPvE perspective, any PvE players that attempt to set up ‘safe’ PvP communities to fight off griefers always succumb to the faults of PvP and offline raiding.  Even if you manage to unite an entire official PvP server under a peaceful PvE mindset, raiders and griefers alike can transfer in from any other official PvP server at any time with their items and dinos to destroy whatever they want to whenever they want to.  Offline raiding other servers, especially those with time zone differences, becomes sickeningly easily.The only praise I can make for Ark is that it has extremely talented art and coding departments.  The atmosphere they’ve created is stunning and passionate, with breathtakingly detailed landscapes and lifelike creatures that roam them.  That and the semi-intuitive building system is enough to keep many players coming back to the game, but not enough to justify the massive amount of time you will invest into daily tasks that feel more like work than fun.I was enticed back to Ark twice to check out new content and get back together with old friends, but every time resulted in regrets and the wish that I had never started to begin with.  Overall, my advice to anyone browsing this game is to pass it by, and never look back.  You will potentially save yourself years of frustration, stress, and disappointment.
Milo	Not Recommended	917.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198108128825/	seriously, i thought no one can beat overkill (payday) in f*cking up a game, but you guys.. you just managedwhats the point of blocking speed upgrade of flyers? they are completely useless now.. you could have changed it to add like 1% or what, we still have limited points to spend so its not like there are going to be MIG-like flyers (aka hyperspeed wyverns or what) - speed stat is there for a reason, its my own decision where i put levelup points to (well, should be.. you just banned me from upgrading what i want on my dino)new interface - what the actual ****? i dont want it, i dont like it. why force me into it? most things can be turned on/off (or switched between), why not gui appearance?dino disappearing bug - potentially solved... cool, after more than 1 year, you maybe, just maybe, managed to remove quite serious bug... well took you long enough to at least try somethingsh*tload of new dinos again - its getting ridiculous really... constantly bringing up new dinos, new useless dinos i might add.. whats the point? you are never gonna finish this game, it will always be early access with attitude like this. what about crops/greenhouse bug? sometimes i think im in the story of jack and the beanstalk... dinos glitching through floor? or eggs falling through? oh but nevermind the bugs, just hurl out another pack of dinos (like giant fleas, ancient zebras or some useless sh*t like that)ive had some great time playing this game, was happy that there is ea game worth investing in and waiting for to be finalized... but you will never do that, because for whatever reasons you have, you dont want it finished...EDIT: guys, you should go back to Alpha stage... severe bugs (like teleporting when riding dinos) and you notice only after releasing such a buggy patch? do you test those patches before spitting them out? oh, and by the way... upcoming patch: 4 new dinos... yay, just what we were waiting for... (sarcasm)EDIT No. 2: lolwut, 70€ ? :D lawsuits too expensive or what? :D
Pain123	Not Recommended	562.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197960324435/	With the newest Patch 256, the game is no longer fun. There was a reduction of stamina implemented for all the flying creatures, causing things that were completed pretty fast, no take double or triple the time. With single players just playing for the fun of it, this update is a huge step back.
MoCi Do u see a joy?	Not Recommended	1,324.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198111990669/	What the hell man!!!! This game looks like a♥♥♥♥♥♥now, this nerf is useless!!! I loved this game but now... i cant play anymore
Lord Beerus	Not Recommended	3,145.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198014060558/	over 1700 hours in the game i was one of the first players ...i saw bad updates adn good ones but ....1 (REALLY) wrong update... and you ♥♥♥♥ed up the game ...i cant recommend that game nowupdate 256 overkilled the game
visionprint74	Not Recommended	1,644.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198202474077/	I am a player of ark survival evolved on an official PVE server (266 EU). I was very satisfied with the game and played it nearly for 3,5 months and I was intending to buy the expansion Scorched Earth (mainly because of the dragons). Their lastest patch though (256) destroyed the whole experience and the gameplay. Now all the air creatures (which I struggled to tame) are nearly worthless. Whats the point of that? I can't transport myself or materials from one area of the map to the other without being killed at once. All in all the experience and evolution of my character turned back 2 months without even the chance of evolving again. Now I am determined to leave the game unless they take back what they wrongfully did with this patch.
Edd Muffin	Not Recommended	754.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/eddmuffinman/	DO NOT BUY. Devs are♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and care only for the money!!
craftycommando	Not Recommended	4.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/craftycommando/	I already paid for the game to see the deverlopment first hand. Im unhappy that youre using my money to make dlc and make me pay for that as well.
PC Principal	Not Recommended	1,634.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198141039695/	Game is NOT finished, not worth $73.99 NZD.This game is not for casuals nor people looking to play a game for fun, it is poorly optimized and seems to be getting worse.MANY game breaking glitches, graphical and otherwise.DO YOU know what I love? Spending 5-6 hours on taming a dino for it to glitched thru the world and be lost forever merely hours later.WILDCARD: If you want to charge AAA price for a game make sure it's an AAA game first, Optimized and finished. I paid you to test your ♥♥♥♥ing game then you have the cheek to bring out a $24 NZD "DLC" which initself is not finished and brings more bugs to the game.The devs should rename the studio "CASHGRAB" because thats what this is, It's Shibby Criminal! 0 out of 10 
2SRL ThatBants	Not Recommended	94.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/2SGames/	Yet another game following the path of Killing Floor 2, adding opportunities to throw even more money at a game that isn't even finished, Already an expansion that costs almost as much as the actual game while the game itself keeps getting delayed, runs poorly and is just NOT finished.Steam shouldn't allow games that are tagged as Early Access to support DLC or Microtransactions.Regardless of how great this game is, this behaviour should never be accepted, don't support their awful business strategies.
nordic22222	Not Recommended	135.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197999849775/	Only get if you have oodles of time to grind, or will run a private server with your own settings. Everything takes to long with the default settings, 7 days to raise a T-rex, building means grinding for hours to get mats.Though, on a private server with raised settings, the game is pure fun, and now with the flier nerf, it's the only way to play the game unless you can play 24/7.
Stokkie	Not Recommended	24.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Stokkie/	Developers are scum. . .
stu	Not Recommended	9.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/stutheidiot/	This is a slap in the face of early access proponents. June 2015: Approximately how long will this game be in Early Access? “Approximately 1 year, with a full release planned for June 2016 coinciding with the console versions.” (IT STILL SAYS THAT)June 2016: No release.September 2016: Want to see what we've been working on? It's going to cost you another 20 dollars.
db_smooth	Not Recommended	563.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198093592161/	First the dev gets himself sued for stealing, then releases paid dlc to this unfinished EARLY ACCESS game to recover money lost.The game is meh, the developer is a total scumbag. Play something else
minijedimaster	Not Recommended	18.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197993917521/	Game has potential for fun.  Unfortunately it is very unoptimized and very unfinished.  But instead of finishing and optimizing their early access product, like they were paid by millions of customers to do.  They are creating new unfinished/unoptomized DLC content and selling that.  No thanks.  Will no longer support this game or these devs.  Good Luck.
WhiskeyTangoFoxtrot	Not Recommended	4,927.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198251015690/	Wildcard has made a HUGE mistake with this so-called update (patch 256). New UI looks nice but requires more cliking to accomplish the same task. I use to be able to shift clikc and split a stack. Now I have to hold shift and then press T. While not major, it is a HUGE annoyance to me for the way I play. When in a crafting structure there are two tabs. An inventory and a crafting tab. Unless you toggle on Engram view, you have to switch back and forth between each tab. With the engram option on, you can view all items in one, but then what is teh point of the two tabs? Annoying, but not a huige deal.Now, on to the nerf. EVERYTHING got nerfed, flyers the most. This for me a a deal braker. Game is dead. The devs have created no flyer servers with this mod and destroyed the point of flyers. On teh bright side, I do not play official and mods are already out (albeit still being worked on) to revert all the crap Wildcard has done.Overall, I hate what they have done and will never play officail again becaseu of it. I venture to say a large percentage of poeple will also drop officail servers fot modded ones. Becasue of thie bad patch, I can not reccommend this game.
Teleios	Not Recommended	669.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/teleios9tn/	Wow, I used to be able to fly across the map on my Argentavis. I just had to land 5 times to get from the beach to my volcano base and it felt like i was travelling 1/4 speed. This game was nice when i could get in, feed my stuff across the map and get out - casual play style.They have, however, just tuned the game back towards hardcore time consuming gaming.Worst patch of a game since SGW - NGE! Game killer.
123	Not Recommended	5,631.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198065586908/	The devs are an embarassingly bad for what couldve been a great game. DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY. the devs do nothing but lie and offer no support...
Syntac	Recommended	5,288.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198111935642/	Great Survival Game, Plenty of things to do, Good community play, Hours of fun. Also theres Poop!
Syntac	Recommended	5,288.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198111935642/	Great Survival Game, Plenty of things to do, Good community play, Hours of fun. Also theres Poop!
Pingu	Not Recommended	214.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198043041501/	Just making it clear I play on a private server first.The flying nerf has completely destroyed the game. The pteradons which are weak af, were only good for transport due to their speed. Nerfed. With their stamina now lower, one has to land much  too often to allow it to regenerate which now takes ages to do, leaving you vunerable on the ground. Depending on your gear you may be able to fight off an attacker, but ther dodgy bird ai will cause it to freak out and fly in circles, and considering how weak they are it will die. So now youre standed; better no fly far from your base then I guess, which is stupid considering the spread locations of caves.So now my friends and I must take the slow, much more dangerous trip across land making it so much more time consuming and tedious. So definitely wouldnt recommend if you play for only 1-2 hours at a time.All my birds are useless and the flying base can go nowhere (RIP 8 hour tame for the high level Quetzal)Dont waste the time or the money until they undo the flying nerf
Galoras	Not Recommended	710.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198075655432/	I like the game I really do, but this nerf to fliers brought me here for my two cents. I came back to the game to enjoy playing with my nephew or a couple friends on a non dedicated server. This just seems like a bad knee jerk, over reaction and I hope they take a good hard look at it and make another pass. This one was a swing and a miss for me.Surely I won't be recommending any products from Wildcard anytime soon, with a DLC for an "early access" game which should have been finished first beforehand, not to mention priced way too high (which I didn't buy)to now nerfing one of the things I enjoyed most about the game. Thanks for one craptastic patch. Shame though, this game had potential but has done nothing but go downhill with bad decisions one after another.
TheSnood	Not Recommended	140.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/thesnood/	Write a review for ark?  Oh yes indeed I will.Let me start out by saying I do not write reviews often.  For the most part I would have givin this game a 5 STAR RATING "The best gaming experince I have had since I first felt the love of video games, 20 or so some odd years ago with snes and mario bros"Would I recommened this game? NO, hell no. ZERO out of 5 PAID DLC WHILE IN EARLY ACCESS (with some major bugs still)How long until my favorite game ends up making me pay for every arrow shot and every dino lost?I feel I am not the only one here to feel this.  Consider this future early access game devs and see how many ark players they lose.  Shoddy business practices.
layla.666	Not Recommended	1,536.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Layla666/	Kudos to Wildcard! for following the EA games industry standard of not following through with the commitment they made to finish the game they started, but instead moved on to ' other ' projects as they attempt to grab more money from the gaming community while they can.Time for the Gaming Community to make and set our own standards to earn our money!Does that makes Steam a PIMP Daddy by allowing such practices to continue in their community?Heads up Steam, You need to look after the gaming community that you are making your money from  . . .  before another company pops up that will. 
Null	Not Recommended	131.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kobeissi/	Paid DLC for an unfinished EA game? NOPE.
[LUE] Game Weasel	Recommended	402.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Game_Weasel/	What is ARK: Survival Evolved? It's Bear Grylls in Jurassic Park. You wake up on a strange island, lost to time, with nothing to your name except a ragged loin cloth, and chances are it's going to stay that way for awhile. The Island is not a forgiving place, your best chance at survival in the early hours is to gather resources quick and stay close to some big herbivores that might turn aggressive on a carnivore if it comes your way.  This can only protect you for so long, eventually you're going to have to scavenge food, construct shelter and, hopefully, some tools that will ease you on your way to a more permanent residence on the island. You aren't the top of the foodchain out here, but you can be, if you're quick and cunning. But maybe that's not for you. Maybe you're more of a Lego-minded sort, just wanting to build something impressive in an ancient world, and guess what? This game is still the place for you. It's Minecraft on a whole new level. If you just want to build, adjust your singleplayer game to your liking, make yourself invincible if you wish, and go to town. No Dino will hurt you and you can build to your hearts content.Frankly, the only question you should ask yourself about ARK isn't whether you'll like it--you will, it has something for everyone--the thing you have to answer is "Can my computer handle it?" That's the only true difficulty in purchasing this game. It's beautiful, it's vivid, and it can make even the hardiest of gaming rigs chug for support. My own PC is top of the line but when I crank up this game I can hear the difference in my tower's fans. I've never had the game cause me a problem but it's easily one of the few games on my list that makes me stop and make sure I've closed any unnecessary programs before I start it up.  Something you should keep in mind before purchasing."Is ARK the game for me?" ARK is the game for everyone, just as long as you can run it.
Yroc	Not Recommended	4,373.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198154147310/	Any chance of you guys fixing the flyers, and essentially save the game from losing all fans? the flyer nerf sucks, and the speed boost of 35% doesn't even work because it causes everyone to lag back 2 feet for every 4 feet traveled. might as well of not even added the 35% lol. this game is becoming a joke with all this dumb alien TEKnology. people can fly in ♥♥♥♥ing space suits, but a giant eagle can't speed across the sky? what a joke. Fix your game, because I know many people ready to quit over this nonsense
DeªnX	Not Recommended	1,259.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198093726667/	This game is dead, good luck on finding one server to 'Play' all the updates had killed this game. WP wild card !
123	Not Recommended	3,377.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198000361673/	After over a thousand hours into the game, the devs broke it and refuse to roll back. This game was bearable once you get to a high enough level and acquire the right mounts. With the flyer nerf it takes twice as long to accomplish anything and cuts the legs out from cross map travel. Devs just don't care about losing people.
123	Not Recommended	3,377.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198000361673/	After over a thousand hours into the game, the devs broke it and refuse to roll back. This game was bearable once you get to a high enough level and acquire the right mounts. With the flyer nerf it takes twice as long to accomplish anything and cuts the legs out from cross map travel. Devs just don't care about losing people.
Uhzu	Not Recommended	680.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/shadow59555/	I Love ark to dealth it's just with all the problems their having. I think they should of focused on finishing the game. Hopefully they get their act together and finish this game. Right Now as I'm writing this. the game is Broken. No servers are working. Please but this game on the wishlist as it is currently unplayable. :(
AgreedBog	Not Recommended	148.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/agreedbog/	Game was fun when i bought it, and don't get me wrong it still is a lot of fun.. but 60€ for a buggy game... no, just no and now the season pass? ♥♥♥♥ off please... first of all why are you releasing a 20€ dlc for EARLY ACCES game and now a 40€ season pass?! please if i could get a refund i would do it
spooky month	Not Recommended	31.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SoyyyMilk/	Game was ok, but they released a DLC when the game was still in Early AccessEdit 7/6/17 - they doubled the games price from 30 to 60
beeauu2	Not Recommended	124.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198309428543/	It was a great game, until patch 256. Flyer nerfs completely ruined it.
funkyleaves	Not Recommended	364.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198069531731/	Scorched Earth, oh the irony...This game has a few novel and interesting features that I have enjoyed, but don't expect a high quality final release from the developers. The main updates to this game over the last 9 months have been occaisionally adding another dinosaur, including user generated expansions into the core game, and some broken additional tools.The primary reason I would not recommend this game to anyone even though I have enjoyed it on and off for a while now is that this game is seriously unfriendly to casual and new players.Pros: Interesting environment and concepts User configurable settings to reduce the grind for single player and small multi-player serversCons: Performance (it runs/looks like crap without a really well spec'd machine) - the specs required to run a server are dumb and demonstrate some really hacktastic development (think Minecraft level inefficiency) Grindtastic - the default settings are tedious for single player or small multi-player servers, the settings page gives no useful indication of what to change to make it more enjoyable for casual gaming without making it too easy. Who has days of time to wait, protecting and feeding a dino while you tame it? Bugs (not the creepy, crawly kind) - movement bugs (you can't run downhill at any modest speed without going airbourne), map/surface continuity breaks, visual glitches (especially shadows and water), downloading/install community mods, especially when trying to connect to a server. Development progress - Devs haven't managed their financing as demonstrated by the paid DLC released in Early Access after having not released any actual updates to the core game in over 6 weeks because they were too busy developing the DLC. Progression :       - There is no real learning curve to this game, you start out not knowing anything, and you stay that way unless you go and read/watch various tutorials online.       - The progression is ultimately not satisfying, either rewarding lots of grinding, or if you make the settings less grindtastic it then lacks challenge. Further, the rewards are often nerfed, e.g. less speed, stamina, or damage compared to what you dealt with to take down the dino you tamed. 
jomawo	Not Recommended	105.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198316356434/	256 patch totally wrecked the game, steer clear unless they undo the flyer changes.
Dysaules	Not Recommended	3,738.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198124676490/	Don't even think of wasting your time in this game which still uses an "EARLY ACCESS" Blanket to cover itself. Good game, dumb development.I have around 2200 hours on ARK, and I cant help but to say that I DO NOT RECOMMEND BUYING THIS GAME. What kept me going was the promise of a better ARK in the future, but this update ends it all. Hard earned dinos nerfed, rendered useless in this update, countless sleepless nights and strugles spent to try and get the high end dino, gone in a flash of this update.It was all good and friendly in a PVE server until the Whiner Nation attacked, the devs give in and starting to nerf hard earned treasures into poop. The devs didnt even care to split the nerfing between PVP and PVE they just nerfed EVERYTHING while the problem started in PVP, newbies complained and stuff, HEY I WAS A NEWBIE ONCE did u see me complaining? NO, you just gave up and complain and made the devs to nerf nerf and nerf. I never gave up struggling on ARK dispite the dangers and loss in it, so why would you keep staying in PVP while you can just go to PVE and play there if you dont like to lose your stuff every night. Sure I played PVP for a few months and ive had enough of losing stuff overnight, then I just go find a friendly PVE Server and played there.So, whiners, WHY do you still stay in PVP and complain when you can just move to PVE or Single Player and enjoy the game instead of ruining the entire game for everyone else who struggled and had fun with this game?DEVELOPERS, MAKE UP YOUR ♥♥♥♥ING MIND. You either have a universal item quality (BY UNIVERSAL I MEAN ONE SIZE FITS ALL NO SPECIAL STATS JUST DEFAULT NO ONE CAN COMPLAIN IF NO ONE CAN GET "SPECIAL QUALITY") or just leave it as it is there and stop nerfing. The more you nerf the more you prove how bad you guys are at PLANNING. Nobody said it was easy planning things and thats why people do it, people plan things through check for loop holes, errors and patch them up. BUT DID YOU? Well you did but thats only a few bugs squashed and a hundred more giant sized bugs more to go but nothing is done to fix it but new updates. Please finalise your upgrades before uploading them, YOU HAVE TESTERS FOR A REASON, USE THEM! For a team that made such a wonderful game and beautiful graphics you sure act like beginners who cant make up their minds or agreements.And Testers please spot the bugs before we do, do your job as best you can, minor bugs that escape you once in a while is fine.This game is slowly dying as it is and now its dying alot faster.They shoulda added a dino storage system on Official servers something similar to pokemon where people can keep their creatures safe and go on a well deserved vacation.
Beyond Modern	Not Recommended	12.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/BeyondModern/	For real? The game doesn't even run well and devs are bringing out paid DLC?
A Lightning Round	Not Recommended	5.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/lightninground/	An awful, janky game that's essentially at the end of the dev cycle with very little show for the asking price. Don't buy this game unless things change drastically, especially since they're releasing DLC for the game before they're even finished with the base game.
Forak	Not Recommended	278.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Forak/	Can't deny it's a good game, but can't recommend it because of shady business practices releasing paid DLC before the game is even out of early access.
Quello93	Not Recommended	18.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/quello93/	Paid DLC while in early access, game's still unfinished. LMFAO
2SRL ThatBants	Not Recommended	94.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/2SGames/	Yet another game following the path of Killing Floor 2, adding opportunities to throw even more money at a game that isn't even finished, Already an expansion that costs almost as much as the actual game while the game itself keeps getting delayed, runs poorly and is just NOT finished.Steam shouldn't allow games that are tagged as Early Access to support DLC or Microtransactions.Regardless of how great this game is, this behaviour should never be accepted, don't support their awful business strategies.
SirCrazyApe	Not Recommended	63.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SirCrazyApe/	GTX 1070, still get massive stuttering at medium settings. DLC while in Early Access? c'mon.
rizefall	Not Recommended	25.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/rizefall/	Paid DLC when the game has yet to leave Early Access. Finish the main game people paid for before you put out content you want money for once again.
*Lyx*	Not Recommended	524.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/lysdexicone6363/	Paid DLC before complete...
Darkness | GAVKøPS	Not Recommended	635.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Darkness-id/	20€ on DLC being an early acces..., WHY DID YOU DO THIS?
WhiskeyTangoFoxtrot	Not Recommended	4,927.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198251015690/	Wildcard has made a HUGE mistake with this so-called update (patch 256). New UI looks nice but requires more cliking to accomplish the same task. I use to be able to shift clikc and split a stack. Now I have to hold shift and then press T. While not major, it is a HUGE annoyance to me for the way I play. When in a crafting structure there are two tabs. An inventory and a crafting tab. Unless you toggle on Engram view, you have to switch back and forth between each tab. With the engram option on, you can view all items in one, but then what is teh point of the two tabs? Annoying, but not a huige deal.Now, on to the nerf. EVERYTHING got nerfed, flyers the most. This for me a a deal braker. Game is dead. The devs have created no flyer servers with this mod and destroyed the point of flyers. On teh bright side, I do not play official and mods are already out (albeit still being worked on) to revert all the crap Wildcard has done.Overall, I hate what they have done and will never play officail again becaseu of it. I venture to say a large percentage of poeple will also drop officail servers fot modded ones. Becasue of thie bad patch, I can not reccommend this game.
Archy321	Not Recommended	4,079.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197989629718/	It used to be fun....dont bother now...it'll only disapoint you.
PC Principal	Not Recommended	1,634.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198141039695/	Game is NOT finished, not worth $73.99 NZD.This game is not for casuals nor people looking to play a game for fun, it is poorly optimized and seems to be getting worse.MANY game breaking glitches, graphical and otherwise.DO YOU know what I love? Spending 5-6 hours on taming a dino for it to glitched thru the world and be lost forever merely hours later.WILDCARD: If you want to charge AAA price for a game make sure it's an AAA game first, Optimized and finished. I paid you to test your ♥♥♥♥ing game then you have the cheek to bring out a $24 NZD "DLC" which initself is not finished and brings more bugs to the game.The devs should rename the studio "CASHGRAB" because thats what this is, It's Shibby Criminal! 0 out of 10 
Lombax	Not Recommended	74.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/LombaxTheGreat/	Paid DLC for an early access game deserves 100% negative reviews. The point of DLC is to add content to a COMPLETED and FINISHED game/product.
jpc1918 ---{TIL}---	Not Recommended	36.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jpc1918/	Normally I'd recommend this but 2/3rd of the games price for a single ♥♥♥♥ing DLC for an EARLY ACCESS gameThere is NO way to justify it, the game isn't finished and the optimization is still god awfull yet there's enough time to sell a map seperately as DLC yeah thanks Wildcard you go ♥♥♥♥ yourselves too or join me in taking bleach shots
Cypher	Not Recommended	49.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198084178124/	Raising the price for a broken game
Parissian	Not Recommended	74.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/not_a_jew_i_promise/	Lol its the same crappy game but now its ~finished~ so they doubled the price and called it a day lmao
Demo	Not Recommended	101.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197982564272/	Absolutely awul company and barely any optimization improvements. Not to mention a season pass because the devs are just that eager to suck even more money from your wallet like the bloodsuckers they are.Do. Not. Buy.
BUTRAM	Not Recommended	2,773.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/butram/	Ark used to be good. But it's bad now. Do yourself a favor and uninstall Ark. Don't buy it. So much regret.
XxForTheKillxX	Recommended	364.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/xxftkxx/	-Open steam, look for not S*** survival game-Find Ark-Force steam to take your money-Run game-Pray to Cthulu as it load-Join random server-Meet some cool Peeps-Get gifted gear from Peeps-Hunt Mammoths with Peeps-Peeps type run in all caps in chat-Screen starts to shake-Turn around to see a T-rex like dino the size of a small skyscraper-Get eaten-Respawn in front of a pack of wolves-Get eaten-Respawn in a cave -Cave is right next to Skyscraper Rex-Punch it in the Butt-Try to run-Its too fast-Get saved by Peeps-Join Peeps Tribe-log out at their base-Think your safe but it followed you-Get back on to find you all died-Help Peeps rebuild10/10 Would  butt punch giant rex again 
123	Not Recommended	4,638.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/oawkis/	dont waste your time. or your money.Devs make abartrary changes without warning breaking the game completely making it impossible to protect what you build. 
stickflip	Not Recommended	14.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/stickflip1/	how bout you ♥♥♥♥ing optimize the goddamn game first, then we'll talk dlc
TechnoViking	Not Recommended	325.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/t3chn0v1k1ng/	Early access game with paid DLC
jgwhitney	Not Recommended	0.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jgwhitney/	The entire Early Access program is a plague on the gaming industry, and you thought it would be a good idea to release paid DLC before you even exit Early Access..? ♥♥♥♥ you. Game is mediocre at best, regardless of the balls it must take to ask for more money for an unfinished product. I only received this game because I subscribe to Humble Monthly, and it wasn't even worth the $3-4 dollars I got it for. Don't buy this shitpile because the developer doesn't deserve your money, but even if that doesn't bother you, don't waste your money on a boring game.
Alriiight!	Not Recommended	3,580.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197970715068/	FAIL! Fix the gat dang game! We have been asking for simple issues to be resolved and you guys are working on a damn 20 dollar DLC... gimme a break. No more money for you!Oh and to add insult to injury, you broke the damn obsidian pick axe in primitive with this latest "update", and why do I have clay that requires items not even in the original game, but in the new "DLC".
FireGhostWarrior	Not Recommended	78.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/FireGhostWarrior/	From something great to something terribleThis game used to be great, but it doesn't get optimized almost at all and now there is a paid dlc for a game that is still in alpha???
Rellico	Not Recommended	101.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198232953892/	Great game BUT! If you plan on playing online, which most people do because it’s boring by yourself, then don’t bother buying it. People have maxed out all servers for games. They ruin it for the rest of the people. You can’t tame anything so it’s pointless. What are you going to do, build a shelter? To do what? Sit around while more people pack and slow the server til it’s unplayable? Their is absolutely no point to the game and hen you can no longer tame. You can’t get anywhere without tamed creatures unless you want to spend 10x the amount of time doing everything yourself. And then for what? What are you going to do when you’re done building? This game is a real disappointment. They need to better limit how many creatures a person can have so that other people may enjoy the game as well. This is coming from someone who played this game on computer when it came out since day one, and then on Xbox since day one, and enjoyed every second of it. But it’s gone to complete♥♥♥♥♥♥ honest. Love the game, but they’ve done nothing to solve this problem. RIP ark, brutal how love turns to hate.
Lone Wolf	Not Recommended	1,589.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198262226856/	Flying around the map WAS one of my favorite things to do. Even if I didn't do anything, just the flying was peaceful. This was (and MIGHT be if things get changed) my favorite game to play. It fulfilled a childhood fantasy of mine, to live amongst dinos and even ride them. Throw being able to build structures and FLY around. It was the perfect game for me.. Just unfortunate that WildCard had to make it...Now, as we all know, that peacefulness and fun has been taken away from us. Oh, you wanted to make land dinos more useful again? Well don't have them get stuck on every. single. little. thing that might happen to get in their way. A small stone that my character can jump over will stop a rex. If I were to download this downgrade to the game (not an update, for updates ususally make things better), I would be able to outrun any flyer I have. Even if I were to use the admin cheat 'fly'.... I bet I'd still be able to outrun my flyers....And then you have the people who play SC. How do they supposed to get wyvern eggs with an extremely slow flyer that has to land every couple minutes? They can't anymore, so therefore they have paid for content that they can't use, due to the developers taking it away from them.That's the reason why I don't use land dinos. It's alot easier to fly over the things that WC won't fix than it is to try to navigate their mistakes.Oh, you're gonna adjust the numbers? Yea, sure. I'll believe it when I see it. There was aloready a massive dino nerf in the past that nobody liked. Has that been 'adjusted'?Remember people, Ark: Survival Evolved isn't about surviving  dinos, elements, or other players. It's all about surviving and adapting to Wild Card's ignorance and sheer stupidity..Save yourself disappointment and anger. Do NOT get this game. Use your money for something else. Please. It used to be an alright game, but it's like WildCard took it as a challenge to see how many people they can push away from their game.
TheEvilDoctorCube	Not Recommended	0.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TheEvilDoctorCube/	A game releasing DLC before it's even out of EA? That is a massive slap in the face to everyone thinking this game would be fixed/optimized before having to pay for more features. Glad I could never get it to run decently to have any desire to sink time into it, unfortunately I never refunded it thinking it would be fixed.
No Face No Case	Not Recommended	104.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198089558045/	Dont get me wrong. I think the concept of this game is amazing. But...... there is a few problems this game has that throw me off. 1#The Frame rates, As you know there are tons of frame rate complaints. I experience the massive fps drops. And the devs completly ignore the fix for it. My hours prove it.2# The unnatural aggression of the animals. You can out run them and be miles away and they still show up to punish you and your work.there are plenty more issues but i do not have the time to list.I Personoly advise you dont buy this game intill EA is over, and the fps issue is fixed.
IrishAlexis	Not Recommended	3,670.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198332251417/	I have loved and adored ARK and playing Official servers.  After tonight's update, they have RUINED the game.  Forget the hundreds or thousands of hours players have spent building, breeding and establishing themselves in the game.  The developers are painfully out of touch with their player base and seem to have a HUGE disconnect in what actually works in this game.  My review will stand as NOT RECOMMENDED until the developers choose to listen to their playerbase and reverse the catastrophic changes that were put into place this evening 3/31/17.
WhiteFish	Not Recommended	0.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197972390711/	$20 DLC for an unfinished game ... what has the gaming industry come to?
Papa Burgundy	Not Recommended	599.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197995573164/	The game is way less fun with the nerf to flyers. The UI change is really bad as well....blue on blue....cmon, who the hell thought that was a good idea???? TERRIBLE PATCH! RUINED!
IrishAlexis	Not Recommended	3,670.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198332251417/	I have loved and adored ARK and playing Official servers.  After tonight's update, they have RUINED the game.  Forget the hundreds or thousands of hours players have spent building, breeding and establishing themselves in the game.  The developers are painfully out of touch with their player base and seem to have a HUGE disconnect in what actually works in this game.  My review will stand as NOT RECOMMENDED until the developers choose to listen to their playerbase and reverse the catastrophic changes that were put into place this evening 3/31/17.
WhiteFish	Not Recommended	0.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197972390711/	$20 DLC for an unfinished game ... what has the gaming industry come to?
Papa Burgundy	Not Recommended	599.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197995573164/	The game is way less fun with the nerf to flyers. The UI change is really bad as well....blue on blue....cmon, who the hell thought that was a good idea???? TERRIBLE PATCH! RUINED!
Schmuck	Not Recommended	69.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/juckjuck/	This game can go **** itself, paid DLC in early access my ***
RustySpoon	Not Recommended	207.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/DeadMeerkat/	Releasing a Paid DLc during Early Access, Do not recommend to buy this game atall.
一番.LighT	Not Recommended	137.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ichibandota2/	The game is promising on its own, and might be alot of fun with friends, though it does lack the permanent motivation for me. It is not well optimized and still does have alot of bugs and performance issues, which I wouldve overlooked, since its still in Early Access, but releasing paid DLC for an unfinished game that costs even more than the game itself right now, is nothing but a rip off. Get this game when its out of Early Access or the base game is in a sale, but please dont support the devs kicking dirt into our faces. The game certainly has it's weaknesses, and definately does not deserve a DLC yet. Dont support this blatant greed.
Tomascus	Recommended	156.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Tomascus/	This game is like Jurrasic park or someting... i like it :D 
Kadse	Not Recommended	4,223.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198246002930/	The recent fixes which were done, and the developers stand with these changes, are breaking the game to a point where it is not playable anymore. We are losing 50-70 % of the players we have and the game will have its end. I don't think there will be more than 5% of the current players, playing it after the release. I spend thousends of hours of farming and taming but i came to the point, i just can't accept these changes anymore. I don't feel any reason to play this game anymore. You have Lazer railguns but 90% of the time you spend on reloading stamina while farming, cause you want to craft munition. Lately the developers gone crazy, and i don't get anymore what they want us to do. Changes are good, but braking the game like this is just a hit to the face for all the players who loved your game for the variety, now you force us to do what you think is nice. Get yourself together and look what you have done.
♪Jazzy♪	Not Recommended	3,188.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Jazzebel/	This game is 67% off right now for a reason. They can't continue to charge full price for a product that continues to go downhill, sadly.  Reviewers posting tonight along with the hours already invested in this game are doing so for the benefit of those reading reviews before purchase, to protect your own investment and time sink into something that over the past few months with cross server clusterfu*ks, little optimization fixes over more dinos and constant "Early Access" changes that push the game further back instead of moving forward. *Jedi mind trick* this is not the game you are looking for.After a 100+ comment thread on steam respectfully discussing how the community team does not listen to the playerbase this is how they handle it... (can't even read the latest 5 posts) http://i.imgur.com/FRFCNI0.png  so yeah, good luck with a game that censors feedback.
Gope	Not Recommended	1,959.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/2wesdx4erdf/	Thousands of hours in this game, i reccomended it right up till they added server transfers. This new flying dino patch has ruined what was left of the game and has convinced me to actually write a review. Not reccomended. Best time spent in this game is the first 20hours of being a beach noob.
TheAstralHammer	Recommended	1,033.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/DovahkiinSpartan/	After 900+ hours I can saftley say that this game is great. It has it's high and low points as all games do but almost all issues with the game can be cured by running your own unofficial server with a bunch of friends.
slydog3333	Not Recommended	1,785.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198025698989/	So 2 years in and I'm finally out. This game is definitely addictive which is the only reason I've stuck it out through all the crap, but I've gotta end the misery the devs keep handing out.Early access is just a cover for devs doing you in with dumb changes over and over again.I lost 5 bases due to 2 seperate wipes early on and kept on trucking.Next they nerfed all the dinos about 50%Then there's the changing of the max level of dinos. After you get all the best at lvl 120 they change it to 150 making all your 120's useless.On PVE they don't upgrade their server hardware so most of them are tame capped(can't tame or breed any new dinos) and platform capped(can't add anything to platforms). Also since their servers are overloaded they changed it so if you don't login for 8 days all your dinos will be deleted. 100's to 1000's of hours could all be wiped for one vacation.Servers have problems all the time with lag. Sometimes you'll lag for 5-10 minutes and if you're lucky you won't get kicked and die. Servers go down with no response from devs for days.Most recently they just nerfed all the flyers. Everyone's time wasted breeding good flyers out the window. You can now run about as fast as a quetz can fly.But worst of all is this new UI. It's god awful. Looks like a computer game from Windows 95.And once again, no options for the players who have put countless hours in to the game.I will never waste my time on an official server again.
Crazydaze	Not Recommended	1,591.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/xx-crazydaze-xx/	Sure wish I could visit the caves in the photos, too bad nearly every server has someone blocking them off. Also, the photos are misleading, you don't need a group to kill a stego :/.  Hacks are rampant as usual even though they supposedly implemented an anti-cheat system. Lets not forget the wall glitches that have been in existence since the game released. Now we have dinos teleporting through gates. Each server is usually owned by 1 tribe who have amassed enough c4 to level everyone's base if they wanted to.  Most of the servers I've been to on PVP have ultimately became more or less PVE because of the dominant tribes that raid other tribes trying to PVP or Explore caves that are blocked off.The game has some fun parts. It has a large crafting system, and a lot of dinos to tame.At this rate, I do NOT recommend this game.
Mack	Not Recommended	17.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197993507603/	Not even worth half this price, it's still buggy and boring.
Nexus	Not Recommended	180.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198011075565/	Great premise this game but awfully executed by possibly the worst developers in history, I wish I could say I was being over the top but I'm not..... They make ubi etc. look like god's gift to the gaming industry.Instead of fixing the main complaints from the vast majority of their player base such as dinos falling/going through  structures, the abysmal performance, the constant rubber banding/lag and about 100+ other problems, they just keep working on new paid for DLC content..... And telling us that dx 12 would be added amongst other things then after official release, those "upcoming patch notes" are removed, funny that eh....The only reason they took the game out of early access was so that they could start to release their DLC and not get the same **** that they did with releasing scorched earth during the early access phase. Their upcoming DLC is what they have been working on for at least the last 6 months, not the base game and all its issues..... hence why the game is nowhere near complete at release, it went straight from "alpha" to "full release.....Not even the console version is running well, the graphics and performance is laughable, like a game that belongs on the xbox 360/ps 2.....Thank god I only paid about £7 for this game.
YellowJacket	Not Recommended	6,248.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198045148551/	The game is quite fun and for big parts well made, sad is though that the developers are doing their best to ruin it; especially since the official launch.First of all they decide to ♥♥♥♥ over all their early acess testers by not providing any support for the legacy servers and wiping low population servers, making lots of people lose thousands of hours of work - but whatever, new servers launched and a lot of people appreciated a new start, not that big of a deal to most people, as we all loved the game we wouldn't care too much (we as in the people playing since early acess).Then we run into the first issue: they took down massive amounts of legacy servers (old servers from early acess) but only put very few new servers online - causing the servers to be absolutely overrun with people. This resultes in wait times of multiple hours to manage to finally connect to a server. They put a few new servers up, but by far not enough still.Then recently when Irma hit Florida some servers had outages, which is understandable, considering some of the server boxes were standing in Florida - but ever since then some of the servers have massive lag issues, to the point of being absolutely unplayable (highest ping it will display in game is 255, but pings go way beyond that, more like 2000+ms).There have been lots of reports on the forums, to the support, via twitter and trough their google document, the sad news is that they do not give a♥♥♥♥♥♥ We've heard various excuses like "it was the hurricane", "it's ddos", "it's over population of the servers" and lot of other excuses aswell. This all wouldn't be a problem if somethign would have been done about the issues - but nothing happened. Some of the new servers have had UNPLAYABLE LAG OVER 50% OF THEIR UPTIME!And the devs can't even bother to update us on a status or ETA for a fix.A 60 buck game being released for a month now is absolutely unplayable for a huge part of the player base for over two weeks now! This is ♥♥♥♥ing ridiculous.The biggest and worst joke though is that most of the legacy players moved to new servers (and thus threw away thousands of hours of work) because of the discontinued support - and now on the new servers which are supposed to have support no one even looks at support tickets or listents to the community in any remote way. Wildcard caused a huge controversy when releasing a paid DLC (Scorched Earth) during early acess, but we supported them. They decided to make us lose thousands of hours of work in the game, we still supported them. But this is pushing it too far - not giving a♥♥♥♥♥♥about the game being unplayable for lots of people that supported WC troughout the years (and also new people who paid 60$ for the game!) and just pushing out a new paid DLC without trying to fix their existing servers disgusts me.I want to encourage anyone to NOT give this company any more money, I had lots of fun in the game but it has become an abomination created to rip money off the customers.
ENTER THE MEXIKKEN	Not Recommended	334.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ChloroformSniffer/	I have 244 hours in this game, I will base this review on those 244 hours and not base it on the opinions of other people nor the developers (unless something I mention is a direct cause of their attention (or lack thereof)). My experience My experience is a rather limited one despite having 244 hours. Partly due to the fact I have no patience that can match this game and it's demands of time, or because of simple restrictions imposed by the games design and the people who use the games design.So to get a few things out of the way: I have never been part of an "Alpha Tribe". I HAVE been part of a "Zerg Tribe". I have NEVER tamed a titanosaur, be it on custom servers with VERY high taming rates, or an official server with base x1 rates - I never even tried. My experience in Combat is a disaster, I will explain this later. I don't have the time to experience everything there is in the game. However, when I DO have the time I do not have the patience the game requires. I have played both; vanilla ark clusters and scorched earth ark clusters. Many of my friends are the same exact way. Most of my experience comes from custom servers, and a few bit from official I have equal experience when it comes to the pre-nerf dino leveling stats and post-nerf dino leveling statsSo what happened? Well, me and my friends started off by finding eachother with spawn points that aren't exactly precise to everyone as you are actually spawned in multiple different areas within the spawn regions you select. (I personally liked this as it prevented immediate zerg rushing on a single individual with no consequence.) After we all found eachother we began to run around and see what was possible for us at the time - which was absolutely nothing! Shocked, we all decide to go around and level up to level 15 (so we could get wooden building materials) after we achieved level 15 it was time to get the resources to build the base. Building First we decided to start small, 3x3x2 would be fine to start with as it would allow us to expand upon it quite easily. Upon first getting the engrams needed, we would need a lot of wood more than the trees around us would give. After dying around 20 times between the 6-7 of us, we finally have our crowded 3x3x2 wooden house and we went to sleep.Upon waking up and getting on the ARK server, there was a giant hole in our base along with everyone but me dead. "Fair enough" I thought to myself, I've dealt with this before in other survival games, its just how people can safely play. With that being said, I was very VERY angry about what just happened, as all of the time we spent (about 40 min-1hr) was just invalidated.We got to level 25-30 amoung the group, and prepared to make a stone hut instead. After spending what felt like an hour and a half of pressing E we finally got a 3x3x2 stone hut prepared, went to sleep after doing some taming, and woke up to an even bigger hole in the wall. Taming and AI lmao tamingTaming takes forever, we tried taming a level 32 trike only for it to take well over an hour of waiting and spamming narco berries to have a mediocre dinosaur whos intended purpose (gathering berries) is far outshined by any other herbivore that comes after it with barely any more effort put in to taming them.Now when you're taming higher level creatures? Thats where it can be fun to tame. Taming titanosaurs have completely different mechanics - you need cannonballs or rockets to hit their head to get them to be knocked out. But when you tame things like Giganotosaurus'? it's just flat out painful and tedious, you have to get well over 200 narcotics worth of tranq darts, and keep the shots up quickly because its torpidity drains extremely fast! The worst part is that if it knows its gonna go down soon it'll get a speed and damage boost on top of its already extremely high speed and damage!Now the AI itself can only be described as a "dumpsterfire fueled with gasoline soaked pinecones that's about to fall into a pit of lava, de-stabilizing the volcano and causing an erruption"-esque catastrophe, it's that bad. Tamed dino's are EXTREMELY stupid and don't do what you intend them to do with the commands you're given. Wild dino's are EXTREMELY stupid and get themselves stuck because they dont ever jump over obstacles that causes the problems.After we tamed many creatures on land, we decided to tame a few water mounts, this is where things got real fun; Optimization Optimization in this game is terrible, and if you go deep enough into the ocean you'll see why I say that.If you move - you freeze for a second - if you dont move - you freeze for a second - if you do anything - you freeze for a second. There's no winning strategy here, the game has no compression of files, no optimization of graphic detail, and the folder size in your hard drive is 92.5gb. (to be fair, that is with scorched earth) Downloading even basic patches will take forever due to their size (once again - lack of compression) yet this is not the worst of its optimization. If you thought the FPS lagging behind was a problem, what if I told you that ARK can let you DoS yourself? I have a 150 mb/s connection, and my modem/router combo can handle up to a gigabit per second of data if set up for it. (set for 450 mb/s at the time this happened) Do you know what happened? I refreshed the server browser, and my entire internet crashed, LAN, WAN, you name it - it crashed and stayed down for a good 5-10 minutes.My build is a VERY POWERFUL build[imgur.com], and i can barely muster a consistent 60 FPS at even medium settings and will occasionally struggle to go above 30 fps at high settings. Combat BOY HERE WE GOCombat in ARK survival evolve is done with many different weapons that range from spears and swords to rocket launchers and laser helmets on dinosaurs, providing a very diverse set of options for combat.Well thats what Wildcard and the community would have you believe. Actual combat goes one of two ways: Wait for victim to go offline Blow open base Take everything and kill everything, salt the earth if you have to but make sure that everything is gone and dead.OR Have a giganotosaurus or T-rex that was tamed at 150 then leveled to the max with melee damage and health with a small amount of speed Find victim (anyone at that point) Kill them with no fear of consequence because you are part of Alpha TribeGunfighting is a laughable statement, as it never actually happens because guns are too weak to deal with the dinosaurs/creatures because the damage to them is pitiful, or someone dies in one shot because longnecks deal incredible damage (a longneck headshot deals over 170 damage on a person with full chitin armor) and all other guns are useless except for maybe the fabricated pistol.Combat with dinosaurs is just a statcheck between the two combatants, theres no actual strategy or thought put into the fights just a ton of mindless LMB spamming and maybe the occasional RMB tap if your dino has a different function. Power Problem The biggest thing you will notice in ARK is the power difference of a level 15 character and a level 80 character, and I am not talking about stats. The options available to the two characters are on a difference by an order of magnitude; level 80s can have plesiosaur and giganoto saddles, guns of all kinds, c4, pikes, swords, metal shields and turrets while level 15s can get screwed with only a trike or parasaur saddle, spears and bows.Theres more I'd want to talk about, but I'm at the word limit.Thumbs down, not full release worthy at all.
OmniSpecter	Not Recommended	534.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/omnispecter/	TL:DR. The game MAY one day be worth buying, but WC Studios is just breaking the game more and more with every day as the "official" launch closes in. I would NOT recommend it in its current state. Maybe talk someone else into wasting $60 and gift it to you? ;)I bought this game back when it first came out, for quite cheap, and I understood it was early access and would have bugs; this didn't bother me as I've beta tested before and this game appeared promising. Key word - APPEARED.While I do have 390 hours on record as of this review, I've found the vanilla game severely lacking without mods, and on top of it, the game is not properly balanced whatsoever (hence the mods, some of them rebalance it). If you want to play this on single player or maybe with just a couple friends, you will have to make major adjustments to nearly every single variable in the serer settings to make the resistance/damage/experience/harvesting/etc more playable. This game is NOT intended for single-player nor just a few people in its current state. [You'd think they would come up with an adaptive system like other games that knows how many people are playing and adjusts accordingly automatically]The game is awesome in a lot of ways, such as the crafting of your items and weapons, being smart about your hunting so you don't aggro the wrong dinos, needing shelter and food to survive, etc. But there are a lot of dynamics that are broken and every time WC Studios releases a new update as they get ready for the official launch on Aug 8, they break twice as much as they fix. (They honestly think they're going to get $60 for a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥broken game?! They were lucky to get $30 while it was EA)I've personally mentioned issues to WC Studios and I've seen many others bring up glitches or broken aspects, ways to improve on things. But they completely ignore their customer base. They do things how THEY want, when THEY want. This is why the vast majority of ARK gamers mod their servers - the vanilla game is very boring and linear because WC Studios won't give us gamers what we want and expect to see.Maybe one day the game will be totally fixed and worth buying but as of right now, there are so many bugs and broken things in the game, it's definitely not worth $60, it's not worth $30 anymore even.Oh and before I forget, those that do mod their dedicated servers, we have to use third-party software because the built in mod updating system WC Studios created doesn't function whatsoever. It's intended to erase existing mods, download all mods [again even if theres no updates] and then install the mods. What it actually does is erase all mods and proceed to crash, and if you should start your server without mods when it was modded....congrats, you just corrupted your world and will need to restore from a backup. Luckily, ARK does keep about 10-15 backup copies of previous saves for every single world (if you do unique save locations for each world/server).
AgadorSpartacus	Not Recommended	140.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kcaco87/	Paying for DLC while still an early-access game? Nah I'm good.
Mad_Manuel	Not Recommended	568.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197964154227/	A paid DLC for a game in Early Access. Really?So, instead of fixing all the bugs and HORRIBLE optimization on the game that all of us love to play, they've decided to use the time to build an Expansion.This is why we can't have nice things people. Greedy developers and the atrocious fanboys who defend their every move.
Creaps	Not Recommended	85.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197962438568/	Paid DLC for an Early Acces game... Thats something EA would do! Thought you had more sense than this
Woodchip NZ	Not Recommended	783.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/WoodchipNZ/	Paid DLC for an EA game? Don't trust this studio with your hard earned money.
Manstie	Not Recommended	4.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Manstie/	releasing dlc before the game is fixed and released lmao get ♥♥♥♥ed.
TTV/TSgt_Supply	Not Recommended	225.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197988314026/	Shame on you....and you know why.....the thread is full of examples....I am hurt.
Zerim	Not Recommended	217.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Zerim/	This review was positive before. Then the fire DLC attacked.
Phantom0Killer	Not Recommended	1,425.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197973322226/	After the DLC came out before it was even optimized was telling.... Now they want people to fork over $60 that's plain stupid.  This game doesn't handle VR as it should so if your thinking this might be cool in the Headset buyer beware.  The transfer to other servers update last year pretty much killed this game unless you are using your own server.  Almost worth 30 bucks... not worth 60 bucks on it's best day.
Golli	Not Recommended	1,637.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Nexil/	2x the bugs and now 2x the price
cam	Not Recommended	0.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198072916285/	Early Access DLCEarly Access DLEarly Access DEarly AccessEarly AccesEarly AcceEarly AccEarly AcEarly AEarly EarlEarEaEEmEmbEmbaEmbarEmbarrEmbarraEmbarrasEmbarrassEmbarrassmEmbarrassmeEmbarrassmenEmbarrassment 
Synchrotron	Not Recommended	260.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/synchrotr0n/	Terrible performance even on powerful computers, full of bugs and still in early access with tons of content missing, yet the devs just announced an expansion which basically takes the game hostage until you pay the $20 DLC ransom, and nothing is stopping them from not delivering the content they promised on the new expansion until you pay up again.As if that wasn't enough, the new DLC adds new items and dinosaurs that can only be obtained on the new map running on different servers, however those things can be transferred to vanilla servers where they would put players who do not own the DLC at a severe disadvantage, which makes this game straight up pay-to-win now.
BlueAsianMan	Not Recommended	27.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198045726667/	If you start charging money for extra content on a game that supposedly isn't finished, you can't simultaneously blame the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ aspects of the game on it being "early access", examples being the innumerable bugs, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ optimization, and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥devs that insult people who show their discontent with this move.
FrenkE	Not Recommended	766.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198285613541/	Don't buy! I have 650+ hours on that game and it was pure fun and joy, but last update ruined whole game so me and my 2 friends (1800+ and 1200+ hours) are giving up from this game because it suc*s now! This sale is all about saving their potential number off players because a lot of players are quiting this game like me and my friends! Goodbye Ark!
Dr.Scheiße	Not Recommended	640.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/erezshemer/	The game was fantastic the gameplay the graphics every single thing was perfect until the update when they nerf the birds, if the game before the update was 9 or 10 even now it is 3 or 4, ark please change it back!!!
HughEve	Not Recommended	2,735.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197962425507/	This game suffers from alot of bugs and a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of lag.it also suffers from devs with questionable ethics and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ morals.they treat their player base like♥♥♥♥♥♥and now that insanely long early acces is coming to an end the game is still nowhere near retail quality but the price has been doubled, cause of greed.also the player base who was promised no wipes is getting screwed over with their legacy server system, where the old early acces players will have to live with no customer support in a game filled with bugs and lag.like seriously how do they expect anyone to buy this pile of crap with no customer support.did I mention them adding a ♥♥♥♥ing paid dlc during early access.I know my hours are high but I have had long breaks from this game every time because the devs have made greedy unethical choices and I just might quit for good if they dont wise up soon.
KingGiggleByte	Not Recommended	448.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/KingKodo/	a 3.7 Gig update that requires more then 30 gigs of disk space to patch? Its is unacceptable.UPDATE!!! AGAIN!!! TWO BACK TO BACK WITH NOT ENOUGH SPACE! DEVS, FIX YOUR ♥♥♥♥♥♥ UPDATE SYSTEM!
Darkmelody	Not Recommended	709.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198063046023/	The official server I play on roll backs and crashes almost constantly, toxic players aren't ever punished, the lag is unbearable. I was several hours into raising those night dino babies and a rollback that we recieved no notification about whatsoever pushed me back undoing all my work. The game is excessively grindy, and even when you work your♥♥♥♥♥♥off to progress, the constant crashes and roll backs destroy all your effort anyway.
Officer Normal Legs	Not Recommended	5.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/realslimscroopy/	This game has been in Early Access WAY too long and now the devs are cashing in by releasing paid DLC before leaving Early Access, breaking Steam's own rules.   "4. Monetization: No additional paid content to be offered during the Early Access period, unless the game is Free To Play. If additional paid content not included in the base game price will be offered at some point, plans are to be disclosed at Early Access launch."Besides this, the game is poorly optimized, the servers are horrible, and frankly the game is a grind with zero reward of any kind.I know about the lawsuit, but rules is rules, and crappy business practices are crappy business practices.
cam	Not Recommended	0.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198072916285/	Early Access DLCEarly Access DLEarly Access DEarly AccessEarly AccesEarly AcceEarly AccEarly AcEarly AEarly EarlEarEaEEmEmbEmbaEmbarEmbarrEmbarraEmbarrasEmbarrassEmbarrassmEmbarrassmeEmbarrassmenEmbarrassment 
Synchrotron	Not Recommended	260.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/synchrotr0n/	Terrible performance even on powerful computers, full of bugs and still in early access with tons of content missing, yet the devs just announced an expansion which basically takes the game hostage until you pay the $20 DLC ransom, and nothing is stopping them from not delivering the content they promised on the new expansion until you pay up again.As if that wasn't enough, the new DLC adds new items and dinosaurs that can only be obtained on the new map running on different servers, however those things can be transferred to vanilla servers where they would put players who do not own the DLC at a severe disadvantage, which makes this game straight up pay-to-win now.
BlueAsianMan	Not Recommended	27.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198045726667/	If you start charging money for extra content on a game that supposedly isn't finished, you can't simultaneously blame the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ aspects of the game on it being "early access", examples being the innumerable bugs, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ optimization, and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥devs that insult people who show their discontent with this move.
Ice Cold	Not Recommended	1,626.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198044729283/	it's a shame that such a good game gets ruined by a full mode retard business move. i would've gladly dropped 20 euros(or more) for DLC after the game was finished but this is just not right. we paid for ark base game to be finished and instead they slow down production of ARK for a whole new game. i will personally refrain from buying the DLC untill the game i paid for is completed.
AgadorSpartacus	Not Recommended	140.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kcaco87/	Paying for DLC while still an early-access game? Nah I'm good.
Kiza	Not Recommended	1,657.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198138297048/	With the nerf to the birds you have broken the game. No comment
Nitroglycerine	Not Recommended	735.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Nitroglycerine/	Lag everything takes to much time would i recommend if you have no life yes if you dont have to much time over no
Danovsan	Not Recommended	2,320.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/danovsan/	Last patch...is it  1st April joke or what? Killed flyers..UI..if before you was able to click craft..no you have to click right mouse..then click craft...just example. Devs messed..messed this so much that I dont wanna play it any more..ahh and..  have you even test  how sounds dine sound before change it? Why ptera now sounds like somone running in shoes full of water..just terrible...TERRIBLE
UlfhednarV23	Not Recommended	404.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ulfhednarv23/	This game sucks the worst and nastiest of d***.  The kind that isn't shaven or trimmed in the slightest, is consistantly sweaty, and you KNOW hasn't been washed in at least a decade.  It looks pretty and when it's not lagging every 10 seconds, it is somewhat playable.  I spent at least an hour or 2 trying to solve the lagging.  Once I THOUGHT that was fixed I began to play a little until I died every 30 seconds and here's why.  The ABSOLUTE worst thing about this game is that when you spawn, 99.99999999999999% of the freaking time you spawn in another player's base.  THEN it tells you to get warm or DIE but even if you are fast enough to level up, learn how to build a campfire, gather all the necessary components to build said campfire, YOU F-ING BLOODY CAN'T DROP IT AND GET WARM BECAUSE YOU'RE SURROUNDED BY YOUR "ENEMY" BASES!!!!! Not to mention that half the time I did spawn, I was instantly eaten by some 100+ level creature from HELL! Oh but there's a fix to that! Just spend more money and get your own server! NOT WORTH IT.UPDATE:With the release of Ragnarok, I'd thought I'd give this a second chance. WORST DECISION OF MY LIFE! After setting yourself up for success, YOU DIE! Then you're spending the next 4-5 hours building yourself back up again just so you can DIE AGAIN! Out of all the time I've put into this game, 99% of it was trying to get back to where I was in the game. If you value your time, money, happiness, sanity, and all around your life. DO NOT PURCHASE THIS GAME. I am now convinced that you must either have god-mode on OR put 50+ hours in WITHOUT DYING to even have the SLIGHTEST of chances at succeeding.  I can't imagine what it's like in open servers.
fiona	Not Recommended	1,479.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198303112359/	Patch 256 has ruined this game and made countless hours spent taming and breeding a waste. Devs don't seem to care.Don't buy this game.
ENLIN	Not Recommended	1,720.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198295327291/	This game i have played 1000+ hours, i found a lot of fun from here, but official upgrade last week, i just wanna say, this game become more and more terrible, first they let all of the birld can not move fast and even cannot upgrade speed. second, they made a new dino which can attack your boat, and break u base one the boat very easy, i play this game alone, so i just use a boat to make my base because this will be more safe than build a base on the land , official make that dino break me keep enjoy game and make me wanna give up this game, new player please donot buy this game even it very nice before. now it like a♥♥♥♥♥♥!!!
Endolymp	Not Recommended	1,694.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198169365315/	I really liked the game. 1300 hours in the game on official servers and i can really say that the game has potential.Still this is a negative review. Why?The game is becoming more and more grindy and the devs are actively pushing the players to grind more and more. Ways to farm get nerfed, the overall speed of the game gets reduced...It just isn´t worth playing anymore. Even i as a veteran that has all the means to grind to his heart´s content can´t take that much of a grind. Now imagine the situation for new players, that barely have any means to farm an adequate amount of materials.The game was good, but isn´t anymore. The game was worth the money i spent on it (I had 1300 nice hours of playtime) , but any new purchases won´t be worth it. If you consider buying this game: Don´t buy it, or at least watch the updates and then decide to play again after the game has adapted to your playstyle. In its current state it is not worth your money.
Crono	Not Recommended	614.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/justaorange/	Early access game comes out with a paid dlc.Now it's Pay too Win
Mad_Manuel	Not Recommended	568.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197964154227/	A paid DLC for a game in Early Access. Really?So, instead of fixing all the bugs and HORRIBLE optimization on the game that all of us love to play, they've decided to use the time to build an Expansion.This is why we can't have nice things people. Greedy developers and the atrocious fanboys who defend their every move.
AceOzzy1	Not Recommended	145.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198058134584/	They've been putting off optimization so they can release a paid dlc when they have already made $5 million+ profit.
PinkFrosties	Not Recommended	7.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/PinkFrosties/	The game started off excellent, had quite a lot of fun but stopped because of my pc not supporting the game :(. Anyways the game had a good initiative but now it's totally destroyed, a game in alpha that has A GODDAMN PAID DLC, WHAT THE HELL IS WRONG WITH VIDEOGAME COMPANIES THESE DAYS.Do not buy the dlc...
Cerias	Not Recommended	331.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198028497175/	- WC Studio takes modder contest there mods inc modder -> Good.- Let them convert there mod to a dlc -> maybe okey- Realsing the DLC with many bugs -> ok, beta no problem- Working on the DLC for XBox -> Ok- Telling the PC player they will get an patch soon over 2 weeks and in reality their working on the XBox DLC- Releasing an Patch for P+ but the half of the changelog are a lie and didn't release the mac or linux client of the patch.- No Responding to the community over 4 weeks and releasing an payed DLC while there main game is not released? Probably acting agains the Steam eula. So i can't recommend this game anymore 
FrenkE	Not Recommended	766.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198285613541/	Don't buy! I have 650+ hours on that game and it was pure fun and joy, but last update ruined whole game so me and my 2 friends (1800+ and 1200+ hours) are giving up from this game because it suc*s now! This sale is all about saving their potential number off players because a lot of players are quiting this game like me and my friends! Goodbye Ark!
Dr.Scheiße	Not Recommended	640.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/erezshemer/	The game was fantastic the gameplay the graphics every single thing was perfect until the update when they nerf the birds, if the game before the update was 9 or 10 even now it is 3 or 4, ark please change it back!!!
samsteward48	Not Recommended	23.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198081796836/	nearly unplayable
alninsc	Not Recommended	2,348.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198090688251/	not recomended game developers catering to a few pvp players and not the pve comunity witch comprises the majorty of their player base
Duck	Not Recommended	83.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/duck1010/	Look I tried to like this game, I really did but in the end i couldnt. From its insanely bad optimization to its boring time span it takes to do things. Dont buy this game if you dont have a beast of a computer even then u probs could only get 30 frames on medium-high. The thing that I got realy annoyed about was its lag in the servers and bad frames, this led to horrible combat experience (if there was any) and horrible dinosaur riding experience. When you grind out hours upon hours of work just for what? to ride around on your obnoxiously big dino or stare at other people and never touch a perosn or harm them. The lack of action and things to do (not including building a base that will never be touched). In conclusion I dislike ARK for its boring sesne of gameplay with nothing toi really grind for. This is my opinion so dont get salty.
KittyCatKita	Not Recommended	370.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/KittyCatKita/	I love ARK, a lot. I've played it more than any other game on my steam library I'm pretty sure. However after the most recent update I have found that the user interface is hard to look at (I have bad eyesight) and my game that had been running at a tolerable level with minimal lag is now running at 2-5 frames per second, 10 if I am lucky. It has made it literally impossible to play, especially for someone like me who gets motion sickness so I have to be careful how much jerky/quick movement goes on with my games. Being unable to control it with the lag glitching all over the place really hurts my head and my stomach. I literally have been forced out of playing this game because it is so laggy and buggy that it is impossible to work with. It would be really nice if the game would be fixed up and optimized to run better on common computers that aren't super titans before they keep on adding things all the time. I want to keep playing the game (I don't currently have any flying dinos since my last server crashed and burned because of lag issues though I can totally understand all the irritation, just flying around on my argents in my old server was super relaxing with some nice music on), but things need to be fixed so that the game can actually run!. Until they fix some of the lag and glitchy bug issues I couldn't say I would recommend the game unless you have some monster computer and can deal with all the issues that are sure to come in the future. I would be glad to change my review since I do love ARK and I want to keep playing it, but when I'm forced out because of bad updates making the game impossible? If things improve I would be glad to change this.
SYSTEM GLITCH	Not Recommended	1,331.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/CANNOTCOMPUTE/	I don't enjoy watching threads I am following being deleted and users being banned because they are emotional about something important to them. A lot of people are upset with the paid DLC, while still in Early Access. To me this is a sign that the game won't be optimized much beyond what we have now, they are branching out into things that will make them money. Whatever, I mean, this is not the worst thing to have happened to gamers. But...For now, I am giving this game a thumbs down, because they are not treating the community with respect. Nothing bothers me more than censorship.Edit: Today they doubled the price. Impossible to recommend this game in good conscience.
Golli	Not Recommended	1,637.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Nexil/	2x the bugs and now 2x the price
sai	Not Recommended	482.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/sai3405/	Force you to move other server, thanks for the great Migration!!!!!!!!
This_Naki	Not Recommended	0.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198138708969/	This was the first game I have EVER requested a refund on. I think the developers should learn to fix their janky game instead of trying to create ways to creatively scam me out of my money. (serioulsy the nerve of some people) I exceed the MAXIMUM system requirements yet the game has not once successfully launched, so, I cannot vouch for legitimate gameplay experience. I will not be supporting this developer in the future.
cam	Not Recommended	0.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198072916285/	Early Access DLCEarly Access DLEarly Access DEarly AccessEarly AccesEarly AcceEarly AccEarly AcEarly AEarly EarlEarEaEEmEmbEmbaEmbarEmbarrEmbarraEmbarrasEmbarrassEmbarrassmEmbarrassmeEmbarrassmenEmbarrassment 
Synchrotron	Not Recommended	260.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/synchrotr0n/	Terrible performance even on powerful computers, full of bugs and still in early access with tons of content missing, yet the devs just announced an expansion which basically takes the game hostage until you pay the $20 DLC ransom, and nothing is stopping them from not delivering the content they promised on the new expansion until you pay up again.As if that wasn't enough, the new DLC adds new items and dinosaurs that can only be obtained on the new map running on different servers, however those things can be transferred to vanilla servers where they would put players who do not own the DLC at a severe disadvantage, which makes this game straight up pay-to-win now.
BlueAsianMan	Not Recommended	27.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198045726667/	If you start charging money for extra content on a game that supposedly isn't finished, you can't simultaneously blame the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ aspects of the game on it being "early access", examples being the innumerable bugs, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ optimization, and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥devs that insult people who show their discontent with this move.
Ice Cold	Not Recommended	1,626.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198044729283/	it's a shame that such a good game gets ruined by a full mode retard business move. i would've gladly dropped 20 euros(or more) for DLC after the game was finished but this is just not right. we paid for ark base game to be finished and instead they slow down production of ARK for a whole new game. i will personally refrain from buying the DLC untill the game i paid for is completed.
FurryPhyire	Not Recommended	828.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/phyire/	Early Access Review
TopDogJW	Not Recommended	382.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/topdogjw/	Wildcard's 3-step early access plan.Release unfinished game to early access. Receive massive popularity and funds. (Yay!)Why do we need to finish what they already paid for? Let's divert development time towards releasing more unfinished content we can charge them for again instead. (Genius!)Repeat from step 1.Watching the backlash unfold and then seeing just how many people are okay with and will defend a business practice like this has been... disappointing.
Twerkinator	Not Recommended	18.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Cabooselol22/	You thought Day-1 DLC was bad? How about paid DLC before the ♥♥♥♥ing game is even finished.And to clarify, I don't hate the expansion itself nor the premise of it, in fact, it looks pretty good. The problem is, the game is still early access, why the ♥♥♥♥ are they selling DLC for a game that isn't even finished? Why are they selling something that is more than likely just as buggy and broken as the base game? This is grade A shilling here.I would've been fine with it if they finished their current product and did the expansion afterwards. But no, they put man hours towards extra paid content (that gives owners power over people who don't own it) rather than finishing the game first.♥♥♥♥ these devs.
GlomBomb	Not Recommended	2.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Skies17/	I played this for a few hours when I first bought it, but the horrible optimization and other graphical issues prevented me from really enjoying it at the time. While I can forgive this, due to the game's early access status, that doesn't justify the release of paid dlc before other, more important issues are addressed. In its current state, I would not recommend buying this game for the full $30 when it's likely the game will barely run adequately at 30 FPS for you, much less the $20 DLC.
Maik	Not Recommended	3,386.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197993511250/	Dont waste your time on this game, i have almost 3000 hours and i will tell you guys why>1- You will waste hours building and finding out that everything is above you, doesnot matter how much you grow there is tribes whit more then 100 players on diferent servers togheter that go wiping everyserver they find2- If you keep playing the game after you get wipped by them, you will try to grow again whit more people this time, you will prob get wipped sometime untill you know how this game works.3- then someday when you get about 3000 hours of play time, you will attack them, when you attack them, you will WIN this attack, but you will find out they had an OFFICIAL ARK DEVELOPER on theyr tribe, and your entire alliance will get globaly banned from ark official servers!THATS WHAT I GOT FOR PLAYING 2800 LEGIT HOURS OF ARK, THANKS!!
AceOzzy1	Not Recommended	145.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198058134584/	They've been putting off optimization so they can release a paid dlc when they have already made $5 million+ profit.
Officer Normal Legs	Not Recommended	5.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/realslimscroopy/	This game has been in Early Access WAY too long and now the devs are cashing in by releasing paid DLC before leaving Early Access, breaking Steam's own rules.   "4. Monetization: No additional paid content to be offered during the Early Access period, unless the game is Free To Play. If additional paid content not included in the base game price will be offered at some point, plans are to be disclosed at Early Access launch."Besides this, the game is poorly optimized, the servers are horrible, and frankly the game is a grind with zero reward of any kind.I know about the lawsuit, but rules is rules, and crappy business practices are crappy business practices.
PinkFrosties	Not Recommended	7.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/PinkFrosties/	The game started off excellent, had quite a lot of fun but stopped because of my pc not supporting the game :(. Anyways the game had a good initiative but now it's totally destroyed, a game in alpha that has A GODDAMN PAID DLC, WHAT THE HELL IS WRONG WITH VIDEOGAME COMPANIES THESE DAYS.Do not buy the dlc...
Cerias	Not Recommended	331.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198028497175/	- WC Studio takes modder contest there mods inc modder -> Good.- Let them convert there mod to a dlc -> maybe okey- Realsing the DLC with many bugs -> ok, beta no problem- Working on the DLC for XBox -> Ok- Telling the PC player they will get an patch soon over 2 weeks and in reality their working on the XBox DLC- Releasing an Patch for P+ but the half of the changelog are a lie and didn't release the mac or linux client of the patch.- No Responding to the community over 4 weeks and releasing an payed DLC while there main game is not released? Probably acting agains the Steam eula. So i can't recommend this game anymore 
FrenkE	Not Recommended	766.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198285613541/	Don't buy! I have 650+ hours on that game and it was pure fun and joy, but last update ruined whole game so me and my 2 friends (1800+ and 1200+ hours) are giving up from this game because it suc*s now! This sale is all about saving their potential number off players because a lot of players are quiting this game like me and my friends! Goodbye Ark!
Dr.Scheiße	Not Recommended	640.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/erezshemer/	The game was fantastic the gameplay the graphics every single thing was perfect until the update when they nerf the birds, if the game before the update was 9 or 10 even now it is 3 or 4, ark please change it back!!!
TTV/TSgt_Supply	Not Recommended	225.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197988314026/	Shame on you....and you know why.....the thread is full of examples....I am hurt.
Zerim	Not Recommended	217.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Zerim/	This review was positive before. Then the fire DLC attacked.
A Young Fresh Newbie!	Not Recommended	6.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197986063677/	Releasing paid DLC while game is in Early Access where it also grants major advantages to DLC-buyers over non-buyers. Really?
Krecik2002	Not Recommended	2,943.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198180200786/	The game itself is awesome, the best survival/sandbox game I've ever played. However, I'm giving negative because developers spent their time (and our money) for creating new paid DLC instead of fixing bugs in existing one and adding new content to it.
KAIU| Glorious	Not Recommended	0.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/GenericUniverse/	Terrible, would be the nicest way to put it. wish i could refund this game
Me 10 Jin	Not Recommended	1,436.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/_vxe_/	Sure, I've got 1000+ hours of play time on this game. I'm giving it a 'thumbs down' because the developers have a long history of making decisions that royally f*ck players. Here's a few highlights:*. Public servers are lousy with griefers, so Wildcard added items like cages and handcuffs to allow griefers to lock up characters indefinitely, preventing players from ever playing on that server.*. Giganotosaurus. I don't have to go into detail on this.*. Nerfs galore! There are too many to mention, but the common theme seems to be that Wildcard want ARK to be an MMO, so they nerf any and all playstyles that don't conform to their limited vision.But rest assured Wildcard's poor decision making skills are not limited to in-game "balance". Sep. 1, 2016 they released a pay-to-win DLC while the game was still in early access. You read that right, "pay-to-win" means that players who pony up an additional $20 can obtain powerful items to (on official servers) wield against the poor schlubs who didn't. These items include guided missiles, nigh-invincible rock titans, and fire-breathing wyverns.If that doesn't faze you, you'll find ARK to be a very enjoyable game. The thrill of sprinting through raptor-infested jungles and the grin on your face when you mount your first rex are totally worth $30. Seriously, the game, in and of itself, is still good.
Mad_Manuel	Not Recommended	568.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197964154227/	A paid DLC for a game in Early Access. Really?So, instead of fixing all the bugs and HORRIBLE optimization on the game that all of us love to play, they've decided to use the time to build an Expansion.This is why we can't have nice things people. Greedy developers and the atrocious fanboys who defend their every move.
Crono	Not Recommended	614.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/justaorange/	Early access game comes out with a paid dlc.Now it's Pay too Win
_HJP_	Not Recommended	23.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/_HJP_/	After a pretty good start with the development things started to significantly slow down with the devs releasing a F2P arena version of the game. And now with a huge list of features and content that was supposed to come out half a year ago and the game still being in early alpha, they're releasing a $20 expansion.As with any other early access game we try to ignore all the glitches and the bugs and just try to have fun, knowing that it's gonna be complete at some point and actually seeing things improve. But obviously completing this game isn't what these devs are after, only getting more of our money. Paid expansions and dlcs do NOT belong in early access games. Avoid this garbage.
lowdens	Not Recommended	2,115.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197997187962/	Devs don`t check their game properly, only listen to pvp requests and ignores the PVE  aspect. It WAS a fun game but Devs destroyed that. Couple that with the fact that the game is still in alpha, wich means that Devs still have the power to COMPLETELY change the game, I`d recommend other players to NOT buy this game until it`s "ready". The only reason why this game is still viable is becouse of the modcommunity wich negates the crap the devs are doing to it. This is from a players that has well over 1300hours in the game.
Ozz3605	Not Recommended	2,404.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Ozz3605/	I rarely post Reviews but with the rescent update and nerf to the flyers ingame i would say to YOU the player if you are here for PVP then yes they are trying to make a PVP dino game and if youre here to relax and casually play PVE then the devs dont care about PVE but only PVP and selling more copies of the game sadly :( We massively go againt stuff but they do it anyways. I still love the game a lot but wished i hadnt put that much hours into it :(
Hoss Delgado	Not Recommended	189.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198021223747/	Not worth your time, money or sanity.
Don Salvatore	Not Recommended	104.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197987358192/	I have "only" 100 hours of playtime on a private server and i enjoyed most of my time besides some crashes.But with the last patch (v256) WC went too far. Flyer "Nerf"... call it "Let's make all flying rideable animals useless..."they were probably thinking "... now they have to use our cool land and water dinos which are slow as ****"One Day after the Patch best new mod is: "Pre Flyer Nerf"-Plugin ... something went wrong, wc?Next Point: I was running through the swamp area on my fast raptor. A Kapro hit me and my raptor with his jump and my raptor was just sucked under ground? okay, lets reconnect...it was gone, nothing in that new shiny UI Tribe Log.... Pet finder does not show him o__O just gone....yeahAnother Point: Just lock out all your Singleplayer or small tribes from getting Tek Tier.. Tek Tier is available as endgame content. You have to defeat summonable bosses, which require you some artifacts and some drops from predators like t-rex arms or megalodon tooth.New Tek doors, walls, teleporter or shield-gen? Not for you small little tribeNew tek underwater base?  Not for you small little tribeNo wonder, many people are playing a server with a mod for generating your own tek elementconclusion:Buy it if you have friends playing and flying does not bother youIf you want to play alone or with just some friends? Look at another gameI was even thinking of forgetting that debacle around paid-DLC for an EA Title
1EyedRooster	Not Recommended	1,399.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198142912514/	2 years in early release?!?!?!?!?!?!?! all the while an expansion comes out. while us early supporters get nothing in return for our support other than a $30 expansion. "hey thanks for your early support while all the kinks are worked out. while you were giving feedback and trying to help us optimize the game we were busy MAKING AN EXPANSION! do please give us more money!"Fun game ive never played anything as much as i have played this ever. yeah there were lots of bugs in the very early months that have been much improved on. But my top of the line system (980 Ti SC + / i7 6700) is working WAY WAY WAY too hard for nearly 2 years in early release. ive ignored these types of issues because the game truly is one of the best games ive ever played. but after the most recent update some changes were made that have upset nearly the entire ARK community now i cannot ignore the 2 year "early release".while the devs should be optimizing and finalizing the game for official release with the money that was invested into them by the early release support. they have instead takin that money and made updates, added animal after animal, come out with a console version, made an expansion, and most recently Nerfed the flying creatures so drastically that it changes the way the game is played.     Wild card stop trying to make make this game "better". all of these updates SHOULD be coming after the game is finallized and optimized. FINALIZE AND OPTIMIZE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Enexemander	Not Recommended	299.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Enexemander/	Overall, this game has potential, but the developers need direction. I can't in good conscience recommend it to a new player just starting in cold.To any developer who might read this: 1) If you want your game area to feel bigger, make it bigger. Don't try to systemetically destroy travel options.2) Dinosaurs are the focus of this game, not shooting other players. If that's not something you understand, it's time to get the message.3) PvP is always going to bad with laggy netcode. You will never excel as a PvP game without a great PvP experience, which REQUIRES an extremely solid structure in order to work. Put the work and money in, or switch your focus. 
russ_ferris	Not Recommended	1,564.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198218816915/	I'm a filthy casual and ain't got no time for these devs that don't even play their own game.
Gopnik	Not Recommended	1,258.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198047661176/	Do not get blinded by the price tag! The devs fuc*ed this game up with the latest update and lost a lot of players.Hence the price. I do not recommend this game to anyone anymore in the current state unless they turn it all back to normal. And also the devs do not listen to the players even tho isn't it the idea of EA to be tested by the players and giving thoughts and improvement ideas to the developers. but yeah I'm out peace.
quetzalcoatl-chan	Not Recommended	125.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/monagramofminecraft/	this game just refuses to work for me, i had high hopes for this, but i can honestly say, i have never been so dissapointed in a game before, it wont load any maps, it crashes often, the application never closes when it crashes, it just leaves me at a static title screen, and the one or two times it did work, it never even worked well! i had lag 24/7, i am using a GTX 1060, best one i could afford, its an RoG 6GB superclocked one, and im getting lag like im playing this game on intel intigrated graphics
Veritas1980	Not Recommended	1,796.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198023426089/	Today, the developers have made a poor decision which alienated a large chunk of their player base. I wish I had never bought this game. They decided that all the time spent breeding and leveling player's tamed flying dinos didn't matter, effectively making them completely useless with the worst nerf I have ever seen in all of my gaming life. To call this feeling disappointment would be a gross understatement. Shame on you Ark devs.
Badninja0123	Not Recommended	17.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198204804752/	game is trash right now alot of cool stuff to do but seriously not optimimized and i cant stand it. it crashes all the time and can barely run please devs fix thanks
tylerplaysyt9	Not Recommended	3.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198351677745/	I CANT LOAD INTO THE GAME AND IT KEEPS ON LAGGING FOR ME!
samsteward48	Not Recommended	23.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198081796836/	nearly unplayable
russ_ferris	Not Recommended	1,564.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198218816915/	I'm a filthy casual and ain't got no time for these devs that don't even play their own game.
Gopnik	Not Recommended	1,258.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198047661176/	Do not get blinded by the price tag! The devs fuc*ed this game up with the latest update and lost a lot of players.Hence the price. I do not recommend this game to anyone anymore in the current state unless they turn it all back to normal. And also the devs do not listen to the players even tho isn't it the idea of EA to be tested by the players and giving thoughts and improvement ideas to the developers. but yeah I'm out peace.
quetzalcoatl-chan	Not Recommended	125.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/monagramofminecraft/	this game just refuses to work for me, i had high hopes for this, but i can honestly say, i have never been so dissapointed in a game before, it wont load any maps, it crashes often, the application never closes when it crashes, it just leaves me at a static title screen, and the one or two times it did work, it never even worked well! i had lag 24/7, i am using a GTX 1060, best one i could afford, its an RoG 6GB superclocked one, and im getting lag like im playing this game on intel intigrated graphics
Veritas1980	Not Recommended	1,796.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198023426089/	Today, the developers have made a poor decision which alienated a large chunk of their player base. I wish I had never bought this game. They decided that all the time spent breeding and leveling player's tamed flying dinos didn't matter, effectively making them completely useless with the worst nerf I have ever seen in all of my gaming life. To call this feeling disappointment would be a gross understatement. Shame on you Ark devs.
Badninja0123	Not Recommended	17.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198204804752/	game is trash right now alot of cool stuff to do but seriously not optimimized and i cant stand it. it crashes all the time and can barely run please devs fix thanks
tylerplaysyt9	Not Recommended	3.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198351677745/	I CANT LOAD INTO THE GAME AND IT KEEPS ON LAGGING FOR ME!
Nekoskorgha	Not Recommended	794.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/seanjawnsauce/	Is there a way to have the fan base pick a new dev team?
Corvo	Not Recommended	4,281.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198043545587/	I have played this game for a long♥♥♥♥♥time. I have spent a massive amount of my time taming my dinosaurs and breeding my brontos. I've met friends and even my girlfriend through this game. It has given me the best thing in my life. So Why can't I recommend it? The devs. The developers of this game are the single most ignorant people on the face of the planet. It's gotten so that every update adds another useless feature. Pegomastix, Troodon, Leedsichthys... They all make it more and more impossible to start out in the game. But that's fine, I'll just grab a flyer... and fly for five feet and land again. Alright, I'll just tame a land dino... Ok, great what now? Walk it for hours to go grab resources? Especially on the Center Map, you'd need to SWIM the damn things to get any resources. It doesn't make sense. This game was a wonderful game where you could go out and tame creatures and build up a visually impessive base, but now it's a "sit a home" simulator with some winged paperweights. Or it would be, if you could see the UI to type up a note. It's blue on blue on blue on blue on.... I have people on my server that have to greyscale their monitor to see the buttons, and I've had to seriously considered it. What's the best part of it all? The devs do it without telling you. They have a patchnotes page presumably just so they can pretend to be a useful company. They'll nerf your dinos without words, they'll break the ♥♥♥♥ing game without words. They are actually the worst devs in history. So no, I cannot recommend this game. For any potential buyers now, or in the future, I have but a few words. Don't. Walk away. Save your money. Maybe spend it on some shiney rocks. It'll be a better investment.
cam	Not Recommended	0.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198072916285/	Early Access DLCEarly Access DLEarly Access DEarly AccessEarly AccesEarly AcceEarly AccEarly AcEarly AEarly EarlEarEaEEmEmbEmbaEmbarEmbarrEmbarraEmbarrasEmbarrassEmbarrassmEmbarrassmeEmbarrassmenEmbarrassment 
Synchrotron	Not Recommended	260.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/synchrotr0n/	Terrible performance even on powerful computers, full of bugs and still in early access with tons of content missing, yet the devs just announced an expansion which basically takes the game hostage until you pay the $20 DLC ransom, and nothing is stopping them from not delivering the content they promised on the new expansion until you pay up again.As if that wasn't enough, the new DLC adds new items and dinosaurs that can only be obtained on the new map running on different servers, however those things can be transferred to vanilla servers where they would put players who do not own the DLC at a severe disadvantage, which makes this game straight up pay-to-win now.
123	Not Recommended	4,395.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198304063850/	Here we go. 2.5K hours on this account, 1.5K hours on another. That's right, I liked this game so much I bought it twice. Seventeen months ago.In all of this time, every single thing the developers did to the game, the players were able to overcome. The players figured a way around the stupid ideas put out by the developers. The developers originally had cross server travel. It was abused by dupers and cheaters. It was disabled for over a year, presumably to "fix" the issues. It was then re-enabled, and guess what?Turns out the developers in their infinite wisdom just rechecked the box to allow cross server travel and duping. They did not "fix" anything. K. Gotcha. We just gonna arm the Obelisks, and vault off all of the drops in an attempt to slow down the zergs and dupers. Nyah, Nyaaah..Then the devs decided to nerf weapons and armor. Well, people figured out that the nerf applied during updates. So they would upload their nice stuff and redownload it after. Nyaahh Nyahhh...And then go dupe it a lot.They add shocking jellyfish, people get mad at it, devs say, "Wow, that made them mad, let's make another one that moves as fast as an icthy and has the aggro range of an Alpha Mosasaur and can actually swim inside of their mount and kill it because the mount can't fight back and have it hide inside of walls unseen."Yeah, we kinda don't have an answer to that.Now, a lot of people breed dinos. I have done my share also. I still remember our first rex hatch above 250. Many people do nothing but breed. We had a decent line of fliers, argents at 260 hatch, pteras at 325, quetz at 255, Decent.Now, after this last patch?All fliers nerfed to uselessness.Not just nerfed, but tame fliers are actually SLOWER than wild.Despite the 135% Move Speed claimed, they are not 135%. They are more like 60%.And their stamina cut by 75%.The devs claim they are currently accepting feedback about this patch.They are lying.Not one of them has communicated anything about a fix.The official forums are a joke, the mods there just delete your comments and ideas while claiming that no one is submitting ideas. The mods claim that the devs did this full out ruination of the game because they felt it was needed.Many of us have been studying the nerfs, and reporting the various finds on the official forums. Bear in mind that these are unannounced nerfs, changes made to the game and not mentioned to the players. Comments and updates of unannounced changes are immediately deleted and the posters get a warning or outright ban.TL/DR, devs have ruined this game for their entire fanbase. And are trolling us by pretending it was for our own good while they unban chinese duping and glitching tribes because they got paid by them so the dupers can go back to making real cash by being paid raider tribes.Yes, that actually happened. Wildcard got paid by people who broke the rules Wildcard put out so the cheaters could go back to cheating and making money off of other tribes who pay them to cheat for them.Would I recommend this game?Not if you want to do anything other than running around naked on a beach picking up rocks. The rest of the game has been kinda ruined.
Mookie	Not Recommended	219.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197978070043/	Paid DLC for an unfinished game. Yeah great... f off developer.
Adam	Not Recommended	299.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ceyoda/	Salesman: "Would you like to buy an apple?"Customer: "Sure, I like apples"S: "Here you go."C: "That isn't an apple!? It's a seed!"S: "It's an Early Access apple. You're helping us produce apples by funding them upfront."C: "Okay, well it will definitely be an apple eventually right?"S: "Probably, unless we run out of money or space to plant seeds, or get bored and start cultivating new fruit"C: "I'm not so sure about this..."S: "Trust me, I love apples, I live and breathe apples. Apples are my passion"C: "Ok, I guess....!?"Some time later...Salesman: "Would you like to buy this pear? They're really nice with apples, a great way to get more enjoyment out of your apples"Customer: "...but my apple is still just a seed?"S: "That's because it's an Early Access apple, but don't worry about that, just buy this pear."C: "But why is my apple still just a seed!?"S: "Well, we've been busy making these pears to sell to everyone with apples, so we haven't had the time or space to grow any apples."C: "Why didn't you grow the apples before worrying about stupid pears!?!"S: "Well, we needed to make sure the pears go well with apples first..."
M.D.G.E.I.S.T.	Not Recommended	5,088.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198002887606/	DONT BUY THIS GAME !It has highly addictive elements but some might feel thats good.Defense usually has NO chance against some dedicated offense.WORST thing: The release it in a not very good state of the game, hav wiped many of the old servers and only let new servers pop up in small bunches. Some people been able to play on 29th of august, some were not. Morning on 30th of august i heard first players from megatribes hit lvl 60 allready. I wasnt able to make a character on the new servers yet....If you dont understand why thats problematic: This game is a cross-server-competition. If server a is up earlier than server b, the whole population of server a has advantage over server b.  The moment i might be able to join a server, (lets call it XX for i bet it will have at least double digits if not triple), beeing a lvl 1 Bob on the beach someone lvl 60 or even higher can transfer there with allready made gear+animals and stomp whatever we lvl 1-10 ppl might do. The competition is over allready before i even was able to make a character. Why release a game with below 10 new servers for europe if it is competitive across all servers ?!? B U L L S H I T move. The "chosen people" who were first to block the first new servers have won before the game even began for the rest of playerbase.And i didnt even adress bugs, glitches, bad design on some mechanics, poor performance for some systems or toxic playerbase or the heavy grind and insane time investment this game needs if you want to be successfull.Dont trust these so called DEVs. Lots of bugs and glitches been there forever and i dont expect them to vanish EVER.Ask yourself: Would you recommend your little brother to take...lets say "crack" ? NO? You didnt take it yourself yet and say no? Is same with Ark. Dont do it. Dont recommend it. Tell your small brother and whoever else might want to hear it: DONT BUY THIS GAME !EDIT: Tried again allthough i knew better and got the foreseen result. played a week solo and then came the guys from other servers to raid the whole server....official pvp is ruined like this and game over allready. wont get into my head how Wildcard could mess up that start so much...without wipe for all and give all room to play at same time this game is just wasted effort in the competitive environment. yes, maybe PVE or privat/singleplayer might be fun but after thousands of hours of that stuff, i wanted to have fair chance on official and got betrayed by wildcards stupid move. im out of here^^
123	Not Recommended	1,630.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198109129441/	I had a super fun time with this game for about a month straight. Pretty graphics, fun to gather up with your friends and hammer out resource grinding and dino breeding. Unfortunately, more and more of the updates that they push that claim to fix things end up making the game even more broken and less enjoyable. The "flyer nerf" renders essentially everything useless, including wyverns that you can only get from purchasing the DLC. Wouldn't recommend purchasing until the devs can listen to feedback correctly, or until the massive amount of bugs are patched out.
The Mighty Moist Waffel	Not Recommended	1.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198000649446/	DLC released while the game is still buggy as hell and in Early Access.
tsettsyung	Not Recommended	947.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197972578774/	[Little Jimmy comes running nto the room, excited about his new decision]Jimmy: Daddy, Daddy! I want to make computer games when I'm older, just like Ark!Dad: [lowers newspaper, stares at son intently] You mean you want to break away from your previous company, steal employees thus breaking your contract with them which leads to you getting sued and losing, put your game out in 'Early Access', never fix the bugs but instead keep adding features that break the game further, generally annoy the fans that have supported you thus far and THEN put out crappy DLC in a stupid attempt to get MORE money from MORE unsuspecting people that think you'll one day ACTUALLY complete your game?!?!?!?!Jimmy: Uuuuurrrrrmmmm...Dad: [sighs] Wrong answer, Jimmy. Wrong answer.[Little Jimmy was never heard from or seen again]I mean, seriously... If you're going to produce an early access game at least listen to people when they tell you that things are broken.  If you're going to keep adding 'Exciting new features' then you're going to make yourself look like a money grabbing evil coporate entity (I know, they're not a corporation...).  When you THEN, instead of fixing what you've broken so far, invent paid DLC to make MORE money you are GOING to lose a lot of your player and fan base.  The Lawsuit and the bugs were one thing, but with the DLC they've put the final nail in the coffin for me.  I've just uninstalled this, and doubt that I'll EVER reinstall.  Even if they rectify this latest problem, make it free and fix the problems.I am REALLY getting sick of this kind of 'business practice' in the games industry...
Mr Smidgy	Not Recommended	1.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198007962608/	Very disapointed with this game. It feels totally unfinished and is still in 'Early Access' mode.  And yet... the developers/publishers seem to have moved on and are now concentrating on extracting more money out of gamers by releasing paid for DLC instead. Disgraceful. A word on the game itself. The graphics totally put me off. I upgraded from an Amiga 500 years ago and  expect more. Dont buy.
lullerhaus | #KafeTiem	Not Recommended	25.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/lullerhaus/	Releasing a paid DLC instead of bug fixes and optimizations that were promised long time ago for this Early Access Game should not be tolerated.This kind of behavior is absolutely disgusting.
Katsunaka	Not Recommended	227.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Katsumoto123/	While Ark is a very good good and I enjoyed my many hours that were sunk into it. This is getting ridiculous. DLC for an EARLY ACCESS game. This is why Im hugely skeptical over EA games. Finish your fricking game before trying to get me for more.You spent all our money making a DLC, instead of finishing it.Im done with all early access games. If I see that on a game, im looking at another game. Its become a broken system thats turned into a money grab, much like Kickstarter.Heres what I “promise” to do with this game, then give excuses as to why its not done. Make original backers/buyers lose hope and run with the money onto either consoles, or the next game. Happened with DayZ, now Ark is doing it.Have a mildly successful EA game. Not fix real issues, pile loot on top of the problem. Then enjoy your millions while your game rolls into obscurity.I can see why devs cant find private investors, the investors that used to get a game finished are gone. Now its the perspective audience thats basically the investor.Im done supporting a broken system, giving money to devs who promise the world on a silver platter but only deliver you a peanut butter and dog feces sandwich.No more early access games for me.I dont care how popular it is, what the hype train says, how well it reviews, regardless of the situation. Im done being your investor and im done dealing with your broken games.If it aint finished, it should be called a demo. It should be given away and then a few months later, sold as a finished game to fund your next project. Not your current project.Signed,Someone whos fed up with the bullfeces thats been going on for far too long.
Stealthy Rouge	Not Recommended	213.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198035569549/	I have never posted a review on anything before this. To have paid DLC on a game that isnt technically finished is absurd. I have bought both the pc game and the consloe game because I wanted to support the development of this game. But after this I am uninstalling the game from both and will never look at it again. If they do shady things now they will again and its bad enough when games are actually released and do this. I just hope all other early access games developers see the outlash from this and never try it.
Jax	Not Recommended	0.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198018699460/	Well..  I downloaded this on my old system which, I found, ran it at 10fps.. so i shelved it.  Having a new alienware now I was just about to DL it again, however, thanks to my Steam community and reading the latest developments I can safely say that I will not be DL or buying any more content.  With a massive 0.5 hours on record waiting until my PC got upgraded,,,,  there it will stay !!!Releasing more money grabbing content as DLC before the game if finalized with bugs solved is just money grabbing, lazy and greedy.  Unfortunately it's the world we live in where content is so easy to purchase.I for one will take the stand and NOT be purchasing or playing owing to the poor decisions and lack of support before asking for more cash from us.FAIL guys ..  seriously FAIL !  Who the hell is running your PR department !:-(
Col	Not Recommended	208.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ColStoryBob/	Can't believe they would release DLC before they fix the proformance/FPS issues, shame on you ARK devs. When I orginally got this game I loved the dev's because they replied to peoples reddit posts but now it just seems they are in for a quick cash grab. I would NOT reccomend this game to anyone.I have got my fair share of hours out the game but holy♥♥♥♥♥♥atleast fix your game before you start charging people for DLC content. Shady developers Be warned.
Reggie [SoS]	Not Recommended	2,604.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197971832724/	Might seem odd posting a negative review with 2,300 hours of gameplay, but the way this studio is going is shocking, the game started off as a pig, slowly got better and more playable, then got a few optimizations that made it so even more people could run it.Then like almost every other developer out there when a game gets popular they abuse the fanbase.This is a game that is still in early access alpha and has just had a £15 DLC come out for it, that should tell you everything you need to know about the devs, its disgraceful really that a studio can sell DLC for a game still in early access alpha that is also becoming more of a pig every day.Did i get my value for money from the initial purchase for the game? yes due to the hours played obviously, however i would like to point out that this is one of the most stressful games to play for random deaths, dinosaurs randomly disappearing and handfuls of other bugs that have been in the game since day 1.I really cannot recommend this game or its developers to anyone that hasn't played this game already purely for the simple fact that this is a clear money grab now, and i seriously doubt the original game will ever get finished.Here is a fact, they bring out a DLC for £15 just at the same time an update comes out for the original game that makes an even bigger mess of it, people getting 5-15 fps now yet oddly enough the new DLC runs like the original game used to? smell something fishy? yes thats because the greedy scum at wildcard have made the base game a pig and the new DLC run well so that people will buy it and bump their balance sheet.At best this game was a 7.5/10 before the DLC, now it is a 3/10 laggy low fps mess.
samsteward48	Not Recommended	23.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198081796836/	nearly unplayable
alninsc	Not Recommended	2,348.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198090688251/	not recomended game developers catering to a few pvp players and not the pve comunity witch comprises the majorty of their player base
Duck	Not Recommended	83.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/duck1010/	Look I tried to like this game, I really did but in the end i couldnt. From its insanely bad optimization to its boring time span it takes to do things. Dont buy this game if you dont have a beast of a computer even then u probs could only get 30 frames on medium-high. The thing that I got realy annoyed about was its lag in the servers and bad frames, this led to horrible combat experience (if there was any) and horrible dinosaur riding experience. When you grind out hours upon hours of work just for what? to ride around on your obnoxiously big dino or stare at other people and never touch a perosn or harm them. The lack of action and things to do (not including building a base that will never be touched). In conclusion I dislike ARK for its boring sesne of gameplay with nothing toi really grind for. This is my opinion so dont get salty.
KittyCatKita	Not Recommended	370.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/KittyCatKita/	I love ARK, a lot. I've played it more than any other game on my steam library I'm pretty sure. However after the most recent update I have found that the user interface is hard to look at (I have bad eyesight) and my game that had been running at a tolerable level with minimal lag is now running at 2-5 frames per second, 10 if I am lucky. It has made it literally impossible to play, especially for someone like me who gets motion sickness so I have to be careful how much jerky/quick movement goes on with my games. Being unable to control it with the lag glitching all over the place really hurts my head and my stomach. I literally have been forced out of playing this game because it is so laggy and buggy that it is impossible to work with. It would be really nice if the game would be fixed up and optimized to run better on common computers that aren't super titans before they keep on adding things all the time. I want to keep playing the game (I don't currently have any flying dinos since my last server crashed and burned because of lag issues though I can totally understand all the irritation, just flying around on my argents in my old server was super relaxing with some nice music on), but things need to be fixed so that the game can actually run!. Until they fix some of the lag and glitchy bug issues I couldn't say I would recommend the game unless you have some monster computer and can deal with all the issues that are sure to come in the future. I would be glad to change my review since I do love ARK and I want to keep playing it, but when I'm forced out because of bad updates making the game impossible? If things improve I would be glad to change this.
Nekoskorgha	Not Recommended	794.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/seanjawnsauce/	Is there a way to have the fan base pick a new dev team?
Imperror	Not Recommended	1,162.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/yebokpro228/	It WAS a good  game. Now not realy. Wildcard - liers. All oficial server cluster - going to be wiped. GG WP
b-buck	Not Recommended	195.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/b2thebuck/	How about you finish the base game before trying to sell me DLC? There is ZERO excuse for your base game to be running so poorly this long into early access. We now see instead of working on fixing the game everyone has already paid for, you are busy making new DLC to sell us...
Archer	Not Recommended	3,430.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ASQgaming/	As you can see by the hours I put in this game I love it...it is for me and many others one of the best if not the best EARLY ACCESS GAME on the market right now.Lets's keep that in mind. EARLY ACCESSSO to explain why I am giving it now a negative review I will use a metaphore.Let's put it this way. You paid someone to build you a house. You expect that house to be completed in a timely fashion. But instead, the company you hired decides to start building 5 houses without your knowledge before your house. How would this make you feel? We (the players that bought this game) gave this developer money to help support their development. We expect them to put their resources, using OUR money, into developing the game that we paid for. Why the hell would people NOT be upset that it was used to create something they don't even get to play without shelling out even MORE money? People need to know that their money spent won't be used to create the product their buying. Simple as that.﻿I can not in my right mind condone this kind of BS moneygrabing behavior
samsteward48	Not Recommended	23.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198081796836/	nearly unplayable
alninsc	Not Recommended	2,348.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198090688251/	not recomended game developers catering to a few pvp players and not the pve comunity witch comprises the majorty of their player base
Duck	Not Recommended	83.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/duck1010/	Look I tried to like this game, I really did but in the end i couldnt. From its insanely bad optimization to its boring time span it takes to do things. Dont buy this game if you dont have a beast of a computer even then u probs could only get 30 frames on medium-high. The thing that I got realy annoyed about was its lag in the servers and bad frames, this led to horrible combat experience (if there was any) and horrible dinosaur riding experience. When you grind out hours upon hours of work just for what? to ride around on your obnoxiously big dino or stare at other people and never touch a perosn or harm them. The lack of action and things to do (not including building a base that will never be touched). In conclusion I dislike ARK for its boring sesne of gameplay with nothing toi really grind for. This is my opinion so dont get salty.
KittyCatKita	Not Recommended	370.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/KittyCatKita/	I love ARK, a lot. I've played it more than any other game on my steam library I'm pretty sure. However after the most recent update I have found that the user interface is hard to look at (I have bad eyesight) and my game that had been running at a tolerable level with minimal lag is now running at 2-5 frames per second, 10 if I am lucky. It has made it literally impossible to play, especially for someone like me who gets motion sickness so I have to be careful how much jerky/quick movement goes on with my games. Being unable to control it with the lag glitching all over the place really hurts my head and my stomach. I literally have been forced out of playing this game because it is so laggy and buggy that it is impossible to work with. It would be really nice if the game would be fixed up and optimized to run better on common computers that aren't super titans before they keep on adding things all the time. I want to keep playing the game (I don't currently have any flying dinos since my last server crashed and burned because of lag issues though I can totally understand all the irritation, just flying around on my argents in my old server was super relaxing with some nice music on), but things need to be fixed so that the game can actually run!. Until they fix some of the lag and glitchy bug issues I couldn't say I would recommend the game unless you have some monster computer and can deal with all the issues that are sure to come in the future. I would be glad to change my review since I do love ARK and I want to keep playing it, but when I'm forced out because of bad updates making the game impossible? If things improve I would be glad to change this.
123	Not Recommended	1,630.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198109129441/	I had a super fun time with this game for about a month straight. Pretty graphics, fun to gather up with your friends and hammer out resource grinding and dino breeding. Unfortunately, more and more of the updates that they push that claim to fix things end up making the game even more broken and less enjoyable. The "flyer nerf" renders essentially everything useless, including wyverns that you can only get from purchasing the DLC. Wouldn't recommend purchasing until the devs can listen to feedback correctly, or until the massive amount of bugs are patched out.
Warbjörn	Not Recommended	1,004.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Daxiongmao87/	I've owned the game for about a year now and enjoyed it, but after this recent debacle with early access paid DLCs I will not support these developers more than I already have.  I have to recommend not getting this game out of principle.  Do the gaming community a favor and discourage these cash grabbing practices.Edit: Word stuff
JohnnyGatt	Not Recommended	23.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/johnnygatt/	Still an Early Access Game and you have an Expansion Pack wanting me to pay more? What the? I got sick of the bugs and stop playing hoping for it to be finished some day now i see this Expansion Pack. Finish the game give us what we paid for then feel free to sell Expansion Packs..
HuSSaR	Not Recommended	708.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197991894833/	Early access game that now makes paid DLC?? WTH I played a lot of original but stopped so I can start playing again when it actually comes out but I see now that they care more about making extra buck than actually finishing game...Thats disgusting to me.
