Gran	Not Recommended	4.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198124477952/	i ve never refuned anything on steam before. nice job 2k
CraniumCrasher	Not Recommended	177.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/CraniumCrasher/	pay to win, cheat to win
Klutch	Not Recommended	246.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198128107558/	Good MyCareer but this has to be the worst park i've ever played and i've played 2K18. The amount of steals and just general ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t on the park this year at least for me personally has been very overwhelming. Lag is still very, very present in this game. I would recommend this game if it weren't for this.As a personal complaint I would like to say that it is straight up unfair how we have to buy a $60 game and then (if you don't want to grind just so you can play fairly with everyone else) you are almost required to buy VC (Virtual Currency). After all of this you would have spent upwards of $100 for a game. The highest player rep you can start at is 85. At 85 overall, you unlock a skateboard which is really cool. You then get to find out that to purchase this skateboard, you will be required to spend 65,000 VC which is and extra $10-$20. For a  S K A T E B O A R D.
Mikaeel	Not Recommended	170.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198068484410/	Sucks to pay $60 for this game and it requires you to spend even more money if you want a decent playable player.
popsicle	Not Recommended	290.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198035736506/	After $200 worth of VCs spent, not counting the $60 game.  I do not recommend this game to most players.  Buy this with extreme caution.I average 100 pts per game in single player with ease.  Yet in the park there are so many hackers I spent nearly 250,000 VCs just on boosts, and I am completely outgunned.  I invested so much money and time yet still struggled against most opponents.  I am level 91 pure shooter right now with 5 Hall of Fame hard-earned shooting badges.... and I can't compete.  The extremity of the hacks is really something.  The likes of which I have never seen in any other PC games.  I see lvl60 noobs with 15ft long arms that can block shots from half court while standing up.  I post pictures and steam deletes the pictures.  I see lvl80 centers that run faster than point guards and can drain 10 three-pointers in a row while leaning shots in motion.  Players that steal the ball from you 5-6x in a row at the most critical time to secure a win.  If you can tolerate really bad records, and enjoy the sport.  You can continue playing.  But I see too many players with records like mine with a 30% win ratio. The hackers have full control of everything. Possibly your credit card number too. 
Bìels	Not Recommended	46.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198225823292/	Its so bad. like soo bad. everyone thought 2k18 was horrible, and this makes 2k18 look like gold. I don't understand how you go from 2k17, in which was so fluid as far as gameplay, too having players unable too move, dribble animations are so slow, i often have to wait for the game to catch up. Defense is broken on both sides, unless you have an ankle breaker move its impossible to get to the rim, picks a broken, watch your defender get caught on one only to somehow manage to slide from behind you to back between you and the rim? the boost? can't sprint aswell, i know you're suppose to burst in the blue phase of your stamina but there is no burts.. as a  6'3"pg, i cant keep up with or catch anyone from behind. i just watched a replay of my guy running up the court (defensivly on a break) i let off sprint about half way through... no speed change? the freethrow system where you can be a 90overall midrange shooter but shoot 40% from the line untill you grind the badge? what even is that? im trying to find somthing that isnt broken in this game. they blew up their game to fix people spamming stepbacks in mypark and have completely ruined the game in the process. instead of idk, tripping up a player when they spam that♥♥♥♥♥♥ kind of like they already do when you spam behind the back 3 or 4 times? to hard tho, i guess blowing up the dribbling animations all together was easier. please go back to 2k17 and start over. just reskin and rerelease that♥♥♥♥♥♥ i guarentee the fan base will be much happier. save your money, this is flat out trash.
Munted	Not Recommended	72.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198148081965/	2/10. Janky and slow feeling movement, microtransactions are absolutly ♥♥♥♥ed and 2K cleary don't give a ♥♥♥♥ about any sort of interesting story. The only people that are saying the story is ok, are the people that only play 2K and have never played a game with an actual good story. There is virtualy no improvement whatsoever from 2K18, so it's ♥♥♥♥ing garbage.
Connor	Not Recommended	267.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Gritoo999/	So many hackers you will consider becoming one yourself, this♥♥♥♥♥♥feels like gotham before batman showed up.
=CBK= Zhuge	Not Recommended	190.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ZhugeKe/	I have waited a few years before posting a review on a NBA 2K game, I mean 2K18 was pretty bad with B-fresh but the worst part of 2K16-2K17-2K18 and now 2K19 is they refuse to add any sort of anti-cheat or report system to allow us to report cheaters and get them removed from the multiplayer aspect. . if you try to report them via steam forums they will censor and delete your posts, sometimes ending in getting banned from the steam forums, yes they will treat you horribly for trying to report cheaters that are ruining your gameplay by hacking. There has been many obvious pictures, videos and evidence lurking everywhere, yet they censor it very quickly and delete it all like nothing happened. . what this means is that not only are they allowing the cheaters to bully us, their being protected by 2K because they wont allow us to properly report them or do anything about them. Theres also that video of the Developer who set his in-game player to Max Hall of Fame badges on a Pure Sharpshooter, 24 Hall of Fame Badges... when they can only a max of 5 on that build. Very cool also they deleted and didnt allow that to be posted either of course they dont want that shame I suppose on top of allowing cheaters to destroy their in-game multiplayer community. At least their adding A.I to the game for the cheaters to easily beat instead of farming us like sheep.Pros:- Gameplay is fun, its a good basketball game and single player is fun.Cons:- Massive cheating allowed.- Censorship like its 1930-50's Russia, they kill your post if you show any evidence of cheating or exploiting.- Spend tons of VC on Tattoos only to have them disappear and unequip off your players.- Huge cash grab.- Random crashes and disconnects, followed by lag during some of their events.- Lots of bugs they could easily fix if they listened to their community.- Trivia nonsense - theres only 15,000-16,000 Active players on Steam for NBA 2K19 yet when your doing Trivia theres 40-60k players, that means they must be linked to CROSS PLATFORM with their Xbox and PS4 servers, why dont they then allow us to play with them players aswell so they can feel cheated and abused like the PC players since we have to share Trivia with them?I highly recommend staying away from 2K games until they actually start caring about the players they provide game services for.
jacksworden	Not Recommended	0.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198141750257/	First time I've ever done a Steam refund.Steams dope though
XOXO	Not Recommended	109.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Novahs/	DO NOT BUY THIS, I REPEAT DO NOT BUY !!!This is the definition of a really bad joke, you pay full price practically for a single player experience, Australian players are shipped of to Chinese servers, The game is like a month old and its totally DEAD, i'm lucky to another person in the whole of the my neighborhood. Practically a scam, you pay full price to experience a game asif it were practically just a DEMO.Steam should be absolutely ashamed to have this listed on their catalogue.
Diesel590	Not Recommended	63.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198080240567/	DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. 2k has changed the VC earnings rate (the rate at which your player progresses) without informing anyone. It is a bait and switch. I have emailed 2k about this and will be requesting a refund from Steam. Please for the love of God don't buy this.
ScarZ	Not Recommended	131.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Quaxy/	p2w
Reiji Azuma	Not Recommended	59.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/xKinjii/	TLDR: Don't buy this atrocity of a game.- Microtransactions   - Everything is overpriced giving people incentive to do the VC glitch. - Mycareer   - Leave your assignment for 1 second? Lose a whole letter grade.   - Unintelligent teammates that seem like they have never touched a basketball before.   - Average more points, rebounds, steals, and blocks than Corey Harris? He will still get the MVP award. Break records in the finals? Corey Harris Finals MVP. - MyTeam    - Difficulty is on rookie or pro? Trash players makes shots over defenders.   - Packs have trash rates = waste of VC. - MyGM = Press (X) simulator.- Park   - Steals are unbalanced.   - Cheesers.   - Takes 10 minutes for a game to start.   - Some courts do not work.- Unoptimized   - Lagging on a more than capable computer. - Face scan doesn't work. Tried multiple times. - Get banned for no reason. No response from 2k support yet. (been a few days)Done with this game.
Lawn Ninja	Not Recommended	32.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197971826532/	I never thought I would post a bad review from a 2k title but this game in particular is bad. I mean bad. I play this game solely single player (MyGM full season 12 mins) so I don’t do microtransactions that’s been ticking people off.So, to start Its obvious in this game that the CPU plays by a different set of rules then you do. I know many people last year complained about blowby’s, but I believe they were on pair for what you’d see in an NBA game. When your playing basketball if you have the correct angles to the hoop then you can get to the paint, regardless of the persons size. Which leads me to my first grip about the game. The CPU will come out to guard you at half court. Very few NBA players in the league can guard a Lebron or Giannis in the open floor period, end of discussion if you went out to guard one of those guys at half court they will blow by you with there size and speed. In NBA 2k19 it doesn’t matter who the defender is, if the CPU doesn’t want you to get by you will not. I almost fell as if this is a bug and not a game design Which is probably why they have not taken it out yet. The inbound bug which you cant selected who you want to inbound to for about 3 seconds, which by the way you have 5 seconds to inbound. So if someone was god forbid open on an inbound play you couldn’t pass them the ball. This has been in the game for as long as I could remember. The CPU hyper moves, we all know and love them. For example, go block a CPU players shot and sometimes about 30% they can land get the ball back and put up another shot attempt (which usually goes in) before your player in hits the ground from the block animation. This has been around for as long as I can remember in 2k. It gets even more obvious when the CPU when they run pick plays there picks hit about 90% of the time. Even if you move your player significantly away from the screen, or even to move your player underneath or above, the CPU will suck your player toward the screen. Even if your not the intended person to be screened! I’ve noticed its particularly bad in this years version. The CPU screens is like a black hole, the last game I played my attempt was to go underneath screens and yet somehow even when I was already under the screen the animation would make me go over, for a cpu easy bucket. Then there’s the shooting, whatever dev thought it was a good idea to have an inconsistent shot meter for lay-ups need to be drug out in the street and shot, end of story. Also in this years version it seems at some times player controls is slow and unresponsive at times. I went back to play a few games in 2k18 and even though it was hard to stay in front of the cpu it could be done. After about half a season its doable but it feels clunky. I like that they tried to make the players have weight and feel to them but, it needed more polish before they released the game. Another suggestion that shouldn’t really be a suggestion but should kind of already be in the game in a delay system to mimic reaction time for the CPU in place. What I mean by this is, as soon as I hit left on the controller the CPU moves left with a 0 reaction time. This is something that can be exploited and if you actually read this review I’ll tell you how. Go into a guarded dribble with the ball in your right hand, hold down left on your joystick you’ll see the CPU does orientates to your left if you hold left but do a right hesitation and release you can get by and 9 times out of ten the CPU will continue left instead of back right if your still hold left down. Its because the CPU is mimicking your controller input and not your players actual position when they play on ball D.Pros-You can now start an expansion team in MyGM-Way more sliders for contracts and tradesCons-Still haven’t fixed the inbound glitches its been what 5 years-Still haven’t fixed inbounding in general-CPU will guard you at half court, regardless who you are-Your CPU defenders will just get lost and stop moving wont guard and give up easy buckets.-You literally must control all of your players to be effective.-Controls seems clunky and slow.The last years iteration had the correct ratios and defensive adjustments to compensate for the blow by However, this years model does no such thing. In fact the CPU knows you cant get past them and they adjust there defense so that there is very little kick out room. They just stay on you because if you do drive and they are near you will miss. Whereas if you play good D on them and they drive, they will make it. Same with midrange jumpers this year as well. They make them at an abnormally high rate with tight D. Also you can even call the same plays as the CPU, plays with offball screens. The CPU will be nearly unstoppable as ever screen will be successful. Whereas (in some cases I knew the play) if you ran the same play the CPU will not allow any screen to hit.This is what I'll deem as my Madden year, meaning this is the year I quit buying there game, unless improvements are made. (with Madden ther was never an improvemnet) Next year I'll download (read steal) it and if they dont atleast address the ♥♥♥♥♥on of bugs thats been in the game for as long as I can remeber then I'll delete it. Like this years version. Back to 2k18
Timmgy_Z	Not Recommended	5.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198138058943/	Absolute embarassing and another failure of 2K. ZERO improvement from last year still tons of bugs and I cant even accelerate any of my players properly bc they are automatically in the post up move when dribbling. Defense mechanism still♥♥♥♥♥♥as hell and I feels like each player are ice skating when they chasing down. Gladly I refunded this before it released, definitely NO
smooth	Not Recommended	320.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/44265711/	2k18.5
The Red Kiwi	Not Recommended	43.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/theredkiwi/	cheaters, micro transactions, pay2win and mycareer is no fun at all this year.
HotelDuDariush	Not Recommended	65.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198046351681/	Please don't buy this ♥♥♥♥ING GAME! 2K has ruined it this year, hackers online means that you'll face opponents who don't miss and have superteam because of microtranscations. MICROTRANSCATIONS are in ALL PARTS OF THIS GAME!!!!! you cannot do anything without getting at least 75k VC. I made two different MyCareer players and at hall of fame difficulty GOOD LUCK doing anything. I maxed them both out, 30 pounds...EACH, JUST TO SEE HOW I COULD IMPROVE BUT I DIDN'T. ♥♥♥♥ you 2K, ♥♥♥♥ you ♥♥♥♥ you ♥♥♥♥ you ♥♥♥♥ you ♥♥♥♥ you im never buying your ♥♥♥♥ing products in my ♥♥♥♥ing life even if you improve it next year or the year after. If you're reading please don't get this game and save the money and the headache that you will get because you want to get your money's worth.
StolenKidney	Not Recommended	298.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198113542792/	The game is unplayable in mycareer mode if you dont buy VC through microtransactions,free to play game for 60 euros.It's not that the microtransactions have been implemented as a mean to catch up if u don't have time to invest,even if u have the time the game is balanced so that you MUST spend money in order to be able to just play.Try taking your 60 ovrl in pro am or park against 85s-90s and watch as the game kicks you out because your rating falls drammatically(my 1st pro am game as a 69ovrl pure sharpshooter the game assigned me to guard a 90ovrl pure shot creator,i was kicked due to the many "defense breakdown"i had(couldn't follow his laterall quickness,plus the oppossing team were premades,plus they were all above 80 plus the game has no means to be able to communicate with your teammates if they are random plus my highest teammate was a 74 ovrl...),so the game is litterally unplayable,it prohibits you from playing if u dont pay extra money for vc so that u can upgrade your player and at least be able to keep up,trying not to fall bellow D rating.The slow proggression,the horrible matchmaking,the above pro career difficulty,all have been calibrated to push you towards microtransactions in a full priced game..Don't buy it.
Juahos	Not Recommended	75.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/C0deShad0w/	DO NOT BUY!MyLeague save file got corrupted within only about 6 hours of playing. Riddiculous.The gameplay is godawful, steals, blocks and foul calls have become even worse than before, players feel like they're ice skating instead of running. Acceleration is almsot non existent while dribbling the ball.Very dissappointed that I can't get a refund, this is absolute garbage
CAIsoul	Not Recommended	159.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198102299354/	I don't understand why they are asking a PERFECT timing for shooting and even a layup! The CPU team could easily hit a pullup jump shot, but I cannot hit a wide-open shot just because my timing is not perfect. I usually played HOF, but this time, all-star level is cheating too. McGee learns mid-range,  Lonzo Ball could hit so many threes given one step and every CPU player's floaters are just unstoppable.
Zhangoose	Not Recommended	138.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198306262999/	pay 2 win
Luke5	Not Recommended	253.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198158226148/	Play Now Online dosen't work.
Huge JackedMan	Not Recommended	83.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/CryingOrphans/	Last 2k I buy! I paid $100 for the legendary edition and now I have to think about dropping more money for vc so I can level up to at least be decent in Mycareer/Park. This is sad and I wish we could all get our refunds. If you dont support 2k's Pay-to-Win model then please don't buy any more VC no matter how frustrated you get or how bad you want some virtual shoes that should already be free because you bought the $60 game. SHAME ON 2k!
Da_Nu_Guy	Not Recommended	183.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198075924101/	They should a kept the online portion separate from My Career like privious games before. Instead, they force to the do boring online activities just to help grind for VCs. I don't want a Sims knockoff. Why to I have walk to a barber shop and go to clothes stores just to get new styles?! This was my first NBA 2k game since buying 2K15; and so far, I'm extremely disappointed. VC is a cancer in this game!!!
Doc	Not Recommended	217.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/nevonian/	If you like to play single player, and enjoy mycareer, this game is good. But if you want to do anything else it's basically a pay to win. It's just swamped with microtransactions and minimal effort. I wait every two years to buy one of these, and its the only good basketball game out there, welp D: 
Kaurex	Not Recommended	133.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TP2709/	MyTeam online is literally unplayable, so much delay can't hit a mid range shot. So hard to open the auction house, even to play triple threat with player with 87 rating. CPU hits every shot, contested or not, but I can't seem to hit a open wide three with a shooter. MyCareer is pay to win, you can just buy VC and go instantly to 85 overall so it's easy to play games and mypark, but players that really put their time in the game, don't get rewarded as much. Doing good things in a NBA game like: Good Pass, Good Ball Movement, Assist, seem to give very little points to the grade, but negative things like Turnovers or Defensive Breakdowns seem to deplete the whole grade. I do everything good and get to B grade and if I make 2-3 turnovers I'm back at C-. Also getting 60 fps in-game, but I somehow get 7 fps in the pre-game locker room. If they don't update this game don't buy it!!
GANdeK	Not Recommended	55.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/gandek/	It is what it is... Still the best NBA game we can play. Ive been playing NBA live and 2K games since 2008 on various consoles and now on the PC.Compared to last years 2k18 this game is definately improved but it's still plagued with many annoying flaws. I will go over what's improved over 2k18, whats gotten worse, and what has stayed the same.Better:-Gameplay and physics is WAY better compared to 2k18. You no longer miss so many wide open layups for no reason (Even if your MyPlayer is a low rating) theres still bugs but this is by far the best 2K game when it comes to on the court gameplay. One thing i wish is that they would stop having your player be Unfrafted... It's getting really boring and was never fun in the first place. I would much rather have my player go to college in the prelude and get drafted normally.-Players feel like the real-life conterparts. The sensors 2K use to research players is on point.-MyCareer is a much better mode now and you can skip cutscenes. The story itself is a lot better as well even if it's still a bit cringy (No B-Fresh!) Neighborhood is something i usually avoid but it seems to be a bit better... Unfortunately as many people have reported there are the usual cheaters but if you're playing MyCareer for the single player experience you will be fine. -Main Menu is a lot nicer and more clean to navigate.-Soundtrack in this game is on pointWorse-A lot of connection errors especially when I launch MyCareer half the time I'm not able to connect unless i restart the game multiple times. I didn't have this issue in 2k18 and my Internet is fine.-Various menus take longer to load Same-The association mode is still predictable and terrible when it comes to sim. Same MVPs, ROYs, and other awards every year. Finals are always either between the Warriors/Rockets- Raptors/Celtics. A lot of players numbers are unrealistic as well especially Anthony Davis who is again being hit with only low 20PPG averages-Microtransactions.. duh :/Blacktop mode is anohter copy-paste
quigley2324	Not Recommended	9.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198446894171/	Absolute money grab.  First 2K after a 2 year layoff and definitely the last I ever buy.  Trash in so many ways.
Tabaxs.	Not Recommended	293.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198393215357/	Hackers everwhere and the server is so laggy
SeniorPablo	Not Recommended	175.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198027784021/	playing point guard with 93 ball control and I literally can't move the ball, the steals are ridicilous in this game, the most awful 2K that ever came out. DONT BUY IT!!!
wawa wiwa	Not Recommended	19.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198070069227/	Hi,For everyone who did not yet buy NBA2K19, please do not buy the game. It is literally trash, you will regret spending 50 bucks on it. 2K sports, like most other gaming companies just exit to earn more money and abuse the community. They spam us with their marketting campaigns all year long and they steal our money with the releases most of the years.NBA2K18 was playable, NBA2K17 was trash, NBA2K16 was trash, now NBA2K19 is trash. But you ask, how come in the 21th century in 2018 we still do not have a decent football game or a decent basketball game. It is simple, the rules are "make a good release" then "make one or several bad releases". As long as there is no competition, who cares?They sell us lies, anticipation and they fix their bugs once very 5 years. The rest of the seasons, they fill the game with bugs on purpose, they make the game unplayable, remember NBA2K14, 15, 16? Yes I do remember well, we had a decent game I think around 2k12 or 2k13, then they ♥♥♥♥ed it up with their new defensive system and new engine, which ♥♥♥♥ed the game in NBA2K14, 15 and 16. Then 18 was decent, now they will ♥♥♥♥ it again for few seasons.Remember EA sports abuse in Fifa and NBA live? Yes, it is back with 2K now. As long as they are doing good money, who cares? As long as IGN and gamespot and the rest of the trash websites rank them #1, who cares? money is king unfortunately.Do not buy NBA2K19, its buggy, glitchy, laggy, unresponsive, defensive is way too overpowered, PNR does not work, shot releases suck. Seriously, how the hell can they manage to ♥♥♥♥ a perfectly playable game and sell it back to us at a new price.NBA2K18 made a record 10 million sold copies, with each copy being at around 50USD, make the calculation that gives 50x10 000000= half a billion USD.How many people work coding and marketting NBA2K19? 100? 200? 300? 1000? divide the money, half a billion / 1000 = 500 000 000 / 1000 = 500 000 USD. Each employee earns half a million USD per year if they were 1000 employees.2K Sports should be punished, should be boycot same as Ea SPORTS, it is a shame and disgrace that in 2019 we still do not have a basketball, a football real life simulaiton game. It is a shame to keep this mafia abusing us.
jpyzzbrah	Not Recommended	36.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jpyzz/	the game forces you to play onine to unlock the auction house in myTeam. this is bs for offline gamers since you get matched up with people with GODtier lineups. 2k needs to fix this. unacceptable.
dinoworth	Not Recommended	134.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/dinoworth/	cheaters everywhere, lag, crash, bugs.
Scantrax	Not Recommended	31.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198024784052/	Simply unplayable! I can't load MYGM files! It always says the file is broken and it can't be loaded. Safe the money and get a better basketball game!
Dark-Caster	Not Recommended	15.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198085240277/	I shouldn't sleep while playing...Dam it ! I can't refund!The first game I wanna get it refunded!-----说下这个游戏吧, 真实吗? 太真实了.560软妹币 根本不值得.MC模式, 是个人最喜欢的模式, 但从头到尾就是一坨$hit.首先 你会是全联盟最烂球员之一.(60OVR) , 你不是60OVR 怎么能氪金?其实就是逼你氪金.   游戏本身有太多和18是一样的...甚至17 相比最近的17 18   简直了...天啊? 摆明着 复制粘贴 微调之后拿出来再坑人的.再见2K  以后再也不买2K游戏.
Jbob	Not Recommended	1.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198040398216/	TL;DR If you were excited to guide an expansion team in MyGM, you might be supremely disappointedWas really excited cause I loved playing MyLeague and guiding an expansion team to victory in NBA 2k18, but to my surprise, the MyGM experience that was so hyped was executed so poorly, I quit before the expansion draft even happened (which, to be fair, I played 2 hours and I still have no clue how much longer it would take to get there). Now let me explain what led up to this. For starters, they lied about your decisions in the previous game (NBA 2K18) having impact on the story for this game. They have none. Secondly, you don't even get to hire your own staff. This was a feature for I don't even know how many years now, but for whatever reason, the game CLAIMS you are hiring your own staff, but then just gives you a cast of characters that feels like a dated sitcom. Next, although your character is a former NBA player who is considered an all-time great, he plays a 1v1 game against the owner of the team, who admits to never playing basketball and not even really watching it. This whole concept is so out of touch with reality, I'd like to refer the developers to a recent video where Kobe played a trash talker to 11 while spotting him 10 points. Good basketball players can't compete with NBA players, let alone some old out of shape owner. The whole thing played like some weird fanfiction. Then, I could tell the game was going to force my hand with how I built my team for the expansion draft by basically smacking me in the face with a piece of paper that said "Hassan Whiteside will be available and you will draft him." The rationale for this is equally laughable. The game's head coach claims the Heat did not wish to protect him, because they are attempting to rebuild with young talent and would rather sign 3 or 4 young players for the same price. You know what a new expansion team wants to do? THE SAME THING. The game defies it's own story it has laid out. Lastly, I'll just note that if you thought the Sanderson kid thing was stupid in the previous game, he takes a much bigger role in this one. I'd compare it to George Lucas bringing back Jar Jar Binks for Attack of the Clones. I finally quit the game once there was a leak to the press (of what? who knows) that apparently made me a joke to the entire league before I even had one player on the roster. I mainly play these games for the single player and having full control over my team (and feeling like an actual GM), but this experience was so terrible, I cannot think of who it is suppose to appeal to. Stop giving me paragraphs of cringey dialogue and unrealistic scripted events and actually let me have control over my freaking franchise.
jeremyking2003	Not Recommended	100.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Jking20balla/	Dont buy until they fix the servers. I have been in contact with 2k for few days about playing online. There is a connection problem that i have been getting everytime i try to sign on. I waiting for the update game to come up and it never does. 2k said to play the game and after a few hours it will say it needs an update. I have played PLAYNOW for a few hours and Nothing. Steam now wont let me get a refund because they said i have played to many hours. They dont mention that that doesnt mean games played it means hours once you clicked play the game. I have been trying to troubleshoot fixing the problem and now it looks like i have been playing the game for 22 hours. Steam is not the only system having this problem. Its the 2k servers and now i have a broken game that i didnt get to enjoy. 2k wont write me back and steam wont write me back. JUST STAY AWAY I TRIED TO WARN YOU. MAYBE WAIT A FEW WEEKS AND SEE IF THEY FIX THE PROBLEMS BUT DONT BUY UNTIL YOU SEACH AND MAKE SURE GAME IS WORKING CORRECTLY....
Baechu ♥	Not Recommended	182.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/FoReSt-dA-DeStRoYeR/	This game is really bad, when you play my career mode your teammates are very poor even you have LeBron James as your teammates
JameEmmanuel	Not Recommended	19.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198071499173/	"Microtransactions are an 'unfortunate reality of modern gaming', says 2K"If I would know how hard 2K is trying to grab money, I would never buy this trash.No more 2K series in my life. NO MORE!
Niggo	Not Recommended	112.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198116348739/	What can I say...It's still the best Basketball Game out ther but they have to release a massive update as soon as possible.While most complaints have been about MyCarrer or MyTeam, the problems of the offline features haven't really been noticed i think. The Gameplay is still pretty good in my opinion, but it got tougher in comparision to last year. It's harder to create your own shot, on-ball stealing is overpowered an shots are (at least it seems so) way harder to knock down, as the options contain just too early, excellent and too late. They took out the ''good'' timing, therefore you have to time your shots excellent or it has a pretty high tendency to not go in. But the most annoying thing for me, more of an offline player, are the bugs, bad programming etc. of MyGM, Draft Class Creation and so on.You set the age for a player in a draft, save the roster and leave, work on it again and his age suddenly is 1-2 years lower than you wanted him. It even goes on and your players can be shown as age 13. When using the draft class in MyGM/MyLeague they have another age, but you don't know how old they are.If you create a good Center Rookie (82 Rating for example) he often will be ranked as 151. Prospect and goes undrafted (the problem has been there already last year). Afterwards he wants a 20 Mil. Max Contract.Young Players always want huge amount of Money, even if the haven't even been in the league yet. You can't afford them but the CPU teams all of a sudden get 80+ rated players per minimum wage.If you want your early drafted player to sign a contract extension after his 4 years of his first contract are over, you can't and a message shows up that his former contract needs to be at least 4 years long (which it was).In conclusion is this game a fun but also really depressing game with a massive tendency to become boring fast. I hope that we'll have a BIG Update soon.
AnswerX	Not Recommended	16.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Answerx/	Basically the same game as last year, only with some new player faces and rosters. If you compare it to 2k18, the gameplay did not change a bit. To bad I can't refund. 2k just sold us the same game with new packaging.
☐☐☐☐☐	Not Recommended	236.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198126006266/	feels nothing like the past 2k games, this game is terrible
luke	Not Recommended	298.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198060426406/	Would not recommend.my win loss is currently 261 W 559 Lso many bugsso much garbagei still play it every dayi hate myself for it
P A S T Y B O I	Not Recommended	101.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/MrMemeagi/	XP nerfs for MyCareer and massive downgrades on the rewards you get from MyTeam as soon as the game was made available to all users, not just those that pre-ordered. 2K have pulled off an absolute scam this year
Gakistal	Not Recommended	0.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198051025407/	always full of errors
that nigga Bartholomew	Not Recommended	60.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/zylexgaming/	its garbage every year 0/10
sifavs	Not Recommended	34.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198094000424/	they never told me that i have to verify my account and they delete my acount wtf is this?? 
Real Cowboy	Not Recommended	115.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/heyitsmezoid/	Another year, another mess. Every year it seems like 2k will make a minor tweak, or add a neat little feature, while also destroying a mechanic of the game. It's been 2 years since you could actually make a contested layup. The main complaits this year from me would be :1) AI can steal the ball too often with little draw back.2) All blocks on your side are instantly rebounded by the AI and will either get an And 1, or a bucket3) In MyCareer its impossible to have a good teamgrade. You can make 8 straight shots and barely go up 1/3 of a letter grade, while a silly turnover will send you down almost an entire letter grade.4) And as always, the PC version of the game makes it impossible to enjoy any online features due to rampant cheating.If you like MyLeague and single player MyCareer then I say just play last years as there isn't much of an increase in new features to warrant another 60 dollars into 2k's pockets.
Dumblederp	Not Recommended	75.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198308879431/	Constant crashes after and during park games.Completely wretched MT system, worse than most f2p games.2K is not transparent with anything, they nerfed xp gain for no reason and told nobody about it.Dont get me wrong I have fun playing, Mainly because this is the only decent basketball game right now and BB is my absolute favorite sport, buty if you havent bought a 2K game before I can't reccomend this game.
Llaerrick	Not Recommended	171.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/llaerrick/	urgh. after about 6 hours in, that's about the kindest i can say about this year's 2k MyCareer script. [spoiler alert] firstly, my career. the story line this time round is at least somewhat interesting. and with china being such a huge market, it makes good sense to have some 2k setting in china. so you don't get drafted and end up playing ball in china. it's an interesting shift and having chinese language commentators are quite cool. then the story line gets a bit too smart for its own good. after beating an nba all star team and posterizing fictional player A (your team mate from college and rival from aau days), you get traded to LA. not the Lakers, but the G-League team. and before you play a game, you get traded for ... sandwiches. yup, you get traded for all you can eat tuna, 2-cheese, no-rye sandwitches. so you grind in some back-water mid-west G-League team, aight, dues and all. turns out you are a whiny little b*tch (but not the biggest b*tch on that G-League team) and you go through the whole process of learning "basketball isn't all about numbers and taking the last shot". well, unfortunately, 2k19 plays that way and that bigger b*tch sabotages your career and gets a call up to the nba before you. you are then cut from the team due a firework accident and a motel fire (i sh*t you not - this is for real in the game). some how when everything seems over, suddenly, your rival from the past calls you up and says the Lakers (yes this time for real) need you to play one game for them to help them make the play-offs against that b*tch from your former G-League team ... erm ... ya ... right ... as ludicrious as the story line got, i started thinking maybe this was some inception like sh*t and i would wake up in game back in china playing ball. but no, sh*t is real. and some how after that one game (Lakers won and made the playoffs but you dont get to play anymore that season - guess it's a  1-day contract). suddenly, now you're hot property ... and every single nba team wants to play you 25 million to sit on their bench. seriously. so, now i'm a 62 rated player for the Boston Celtics maybe 8th or 9th man and pretty much out-earning everyone else on the entire team. shame really, the story was interesting at bits. and skippable cut-scenes was something that really should have been implemented like 5 years ago. but i think they tried to be smart and too funny, and then just gave up. [updated gameplay review]game-wise. some aspects of the game are definitely better. player defence is more viable, and steal/block mechanics generally improved. there's more contact and game play is more meaty, with more missed passes, handles and contact going after loose balls. AI blocking is improved and it's also harder to get into good positions to pick up offensive rebounds (no more cheesy just standing under hoops for easy offensive rebounds, you generally have to jostle for position). still not a fan of the screen setting. there's a lag time is applied to the time you press screen and the time it takes to set in the game but this is something you can eventually get used to. but picking the direction of the screen in motion is sometimes a random diceroll, often ending up facing the wrong way. AI decision and shot-choice is not very good still. unfortunately, 2k has always struggled with creating apprpriate difficulty without cheesing up the game by literally making user controlled players worse than AI opposition. would really like a harder difficulty mode where difficulty is scaled perhaps marginally with physical stat boosts and perhaps offensive/defensive awareness boosts for opposition team, but without the crushing 40+/50+ stat difference in shooting stats. HOF difficulty is cheese beyond all cheese to the point where i don't even get frustrated any more and just LOL. the AI opposition players are all literally almost unstoppable to the point where unless you actually block the shot (challenging is generally not enough), it's going in. some would jeer and say, you just suck, etc, L2P. well, on MyCareer mode, you can't switch to challenge every oppo player since you're locked into position so you'll generally watch on as the AI player sinks about 90% of all their shots over your team mates (one twelve minute quarter on HOF was literally: 18/18 FG (100%), 7/7 3PT (100%) for the opposition). in the meanwhile, your team's Kyrie Irving is blowing wide open 3s on multiple occasions, and you miss pretty much all your shots within 2 feet of the basket so long as there is an oppo player within breathing distance.[updated]the online issues in this version regarding missing virtual currency (VC) is pretty terrible. i mean VC in this game is everything: you need it to purchase skills and gear, you earn VC from games and some even pay real money for it. so anything which affects the integrity of VC from undelievered VC, missing VC (many players, and this has also happened to me a few times) have logged in to see their VC at -1. that's tantamount to putting money in a bank and then finding out it goes missing or the amount is incorrect (well actually, my RL bank account may occasionally have a -1 value but that's just me). 2k has to sort this out because its becoming really tedious.
Josh 🤫	Not Recommended	0.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/1113josh/	Not running well on GTX 1060 16gb RAM with i7 7th gen. Refunded the payment as well. Will just purchase again if optimized now for PC
fallout	Not Recommended	136.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/itsfallout/	Some aspects of the game have been improved, less stupid animations that are uncontrollable, and it's actually possible to play consistent defense this year.However, miniscule improvements do not make up for major issues that haven't been resolved for years such as:Same server issues we've had since 2k15, with no effort to fix them.Certain players having broken animations that will rarely miss.The Hall of Fame difficulty lacking realism/scripting MyCareer Games to make it nearly impossible to win certain games.MyTeam still pay to win, not much extra reward for grinding the mode,And when they finally have a good mode that rewards people, Triple Threat, they lower all rewards to stop people from grinding it too hard. genius.This was my last chance with a 2k, I will still be playing it this year since I paid full price for it. But I'm not impressed by any means, and will need to see some major improvement before I buy again.
Ccx	Not Recommended	322.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198075459692/	never fix bugs unless it has something to do with VC... Every year is pretty much the same content
𝑯𝒆𝒍𝒃𝒓𝒐𝒚	Not Recommended	51.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198137223841/	I would be happy to give this game a award :               -Worst Game Of The Year-  Come on.. 80 bucks on a game where you can't play with your friend.  MyPark full of cheaters or 90 (cause yea, you play with 90+, you will be ♥♥♥♥ if you are like 60-75, there no place to play with people at your level) Prelude is fun, beside that the game already dead for me.
i play hanzo no bb	Not Recommended	413.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198348162409/	real trash game, worse than last one. people all talking about to shooting instruction. But it is worse in this game than 2k18. and trash server as always.I buy this game because of the Lebron cover. Why I am so brainless??? 
silvermoon	Not Recommended	36.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197967846734/	WARNING DO NOT BUY 2K19The gameplay experience is horrible, the stability of server is a really big issue. You spent $50 on this game, and what? You need to earn VC to upgrade your character or buy the packs for MyTeam. But, it takes decades to earn enough VC to fully upgrade your player unless you pay for it. Alright, what if you don't wanna buy VC to upgrade, just wannt enjoy the online mode? I am afraid it won't have any nice gameplay experience, almost all people having pink diamond players sth with rating 90+, and you have some "OK" players with 6x 7x rating. Well, you may say skills is more important, but the server will let you down for sure. It is time to say goodbye.
Ghurdill	Not Recommended	78.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198102248710/	Okay why I dont recommend this game: It got so much frustrating default your gonna break your controller and your finger joints. Donc get me wrong this game is not bad, but is not fixing its biggest default since 2k14.If your are like me, going to play a lot of time on myCarrer mode, just dont buy the game. What made you rage last year and the year before got even worst. SPEED: Your player is SLOW. So much slower that the AI player that even on fast break with a point guard, you will rarely make it to the rim without someone catching up and blocking you.  I am playing a point guard, and cant outrun anyone. And the stamina ? Now your player will be exhausted forever. Seriously, even with improved stamina, your player will start sweating blood after one defence. I mean a fat blue haired feminist has more stamina. PASSING :The passing is horrible. The player you pass to still have that outraging default of going behind a defender, allowing the defender to catch the ball. SHOOTING: It is getting more and more terrible with the years. The shooting system of 2k16-17 was so much better and was still♥♥♥♥♥♥ Not mentionning free throws, that have become completely ramdom. You can load a shot cause to perfect, and will miss like you never touched a ball before. DEFENCE: I think I screamed satanic insult in latin even though I dont know the language. Its gonna make you see red. The fact of how slow your player is compared to the AI is a big part of it. But then comes the  AI handles, that are perfect in everyway. You have no way, and I mean no way of stopping better players. None. HANDLES: When you know it if you played 2K before. What the AI can do you cant. It is simple, the AI throws random handles the ball goes through the ghost that you are your mom behind my car. GRADES: The grade system is something that will make you♥♥♥♥♥♥shit, cry blood, and♥♥♥♥♥♥watery undisgested baby bears. To make it simple ? EVERYTHING IS YOUR FAULT. Your player is new and has 65 general and your player against Westbrook ? Westbrook steps on you obviously but what ? Defensive breakdown ? What ? Going from Grade B to C- ? YES,  that litteraly happens. Your teamates are dum ? Your fault. Your coach is dum ? Your fault. Your gettting blocked ? Your fault. PHYSIC:  Its catastrophic. Your own teamates are setting up unintentionnal blocks against you all the time, in attack or defence. The ball seams so light its weird. Your player feels like a diabetic pile of anything but legs. PROGRESSION: None existing. Your player start around 60, and you wont see and feel any difference even when you come up with 75-80. You'll get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥the same way anyway. PLus it is obviously a PTW caus your progresion is so slow and you need to be a real life NBA player toi buy coins and speed up the process. SCENARIO: Starts good, but fall short as soon as you make it in the NBA (when I say fall short it means "is over"). ONLINE PLAY: You'll get wrecked by UFO as usual, with a special motion the the anal dragon fist dunk I just got spashed with. Good points: Optimisation ok (I play on a 1080ti though so I dont really know), and the chikita froim 2KTV.  
Ghurdill	Not Recommended	78.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198102248710/	Okay why I dont recommend this game: It got so much frustrating default your gonna break your controller and your finger joints. Donc get me wrong this game is not bad, but is not fixing its biggest default since 2k14.If your are like me, going to play a lot of time on myCarrer mode, just dont buy the game. What made you rage last year and the year before got even worst. SPEED: Your player is SLOW. So much slower that the AI player that even on fast break with a point guard, you will rarely make it to the rim without someone catching up and blocking you.  I am playing a point guard, and cant outrun anyone. And the stamina ? Now your player will be exhausted forever. Seriously, even with improved stamina, your player will start sweating blood after one defence. I mean a fat blue haired feminist has more stamina. PASSING :The passing is horrible. The player you pass to still have that outraging default of going behind a defender, allowing the defender to catch the ball. SHOOTING: It is getting more and more terrible with the years. The shooting system of 2k16-17 was so much better and was still♥♥♥♥♥♥ Not mentionning free throws, that have become completely ramdom. You can load a shot cause to perfect, and will miss like you never touched a ball before. DEFENCE: I think I screamed satanic insult in latin even though I dont know the language. Its gonna make you see red. The fact of how slow your player is compared to the AI is a big part of it. But then comes the  AI handles, that are perfect in everyway. You have no way, and I mean no way of stopping better players. None. HANDLES: When you know it if you played 2K before. What the AI can do you cant. It is simple, the AI throws random handles the ball goes through the ghost that you are your mom behind my car. GRADES: The grade system is something that will make you♥♥♥♥♥♥shit, cry blood, and♥♥♥♥♥♥watery undisgested baby bears. To make it simple ? EVERYTHING IS YOUR FAULT. Your player is new and has 65 general and your player against Westbrook ? Westbrook steps on you obviously but what ? Defensive breakdown ? What ? Going from Grade B to C- ? YES,  that litteraly happens. Your teamates are dum ? Your fault. Your coach is dum ? Your fault. Your gettting blocked ? Your fault. PHYSIC:  Its catastrophic. Your own teamates are setting up unintentionnal blocks against you all the time, in attack or defence. The ball seams so light its weird. Your player feels like a diabetic pile of anything but legs. PROGRESSION: None existing. Your player start around 60, and you wont see and feel any difference even when you come up with 75-80. You'll get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥the same way anyway. PLus it is obviously a PTW caus your progresion is so slow and you need to be a real life NBA player toi buy coins and speed up the process. SCENARIO: Starts good, but fall short as soon as you make it in the NBA (when I say fall short it means "is over"). ONLINE PLAY: You'll get wrecked by UFO as usual, with a special motion the the anal dragon fist dunk I just got spashed with. Good points: Optimisation ok (I play on a 1080ti though so I dont really know), and the chikita froim 2KTV.  
0 green	Not Recommended	311.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198130728669/	Lots of chinese hackers, server is very unstable, always getting dc at park, few players and the community sucks
rae-cs	Not Recommended	237.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198399861385/	TL;DR: The basketball is ok. They do that good. Everything else, is trash. So, 2/5.Can't recommend the game to be honest. Still, I should say. 2K19 is by no means a terrible game, gameplay wise. It's fun, definitely a step up in the mechanics. But there's a lot of stuff the reviewers, and everyone seems to avoid mentioning. 1. The skippable cutscenes, aren't really worth anything, cause sure you can skip the cutscenes, but you've still got to play like fifteen games before you get to the neighborhood, and by then, you don't get to experience the real "mycareer" mode, so you're even if you wanted a refund because you realize mycareer and the neighborhood are trash, you can't get it. Cause you got stuck in that stupid little prelude screen.2. The amount of VC you make, is VASTLY reduced. Compared to even 2k17. It's ridiculous to be honest, and I've heard the term "pay to win" tossed around, and I didn't really know, but. It's funny, how you see a sixty-five overall standing right next to you, and suddenly, they jump to 81. So it's just, a little disappointing, because it's a grind, that talk about "you  improve your player doing everything", doesn't mean a thing, because it's like trying to get a mountain of sand one grain at a time the way the VC is doled out. 3. I haven't experienced lag in an online game in however long. You pay for a certain internet speed, you get comfortable with that. 2k, the neighborhood, the online matches, is just, a mess. I frankly don't understand, why I payed 60USD for an experience, to just go from match to match. I could LITERALLY just play it offline, and have the same experience, because trying to do anything else, is extremely annoying. 4. The game itself. The menus are slicker, sure. It's faster, sure. But, everything seems, off. Your calendar is relegated to one little bar at the top, and it's just game after game. There's no more set practice time. No more, "practice at this time" no "event at xyz's bar." nothing. It's streamlined, sure, but, it kills that sense of "stuff to do" to me. The game is honestly a blatant cash grab. Anyone who says not, is a liar. It's not built to let you succeed and "enjoy the struggle to the top." no. It's built to say, "you want to dunk, come pay me 20 dollars and you'll be a legend". It's just, one of the worst forms of microtransactions ever, and tbh, being in the thick of it, for the first time in a while. Is just, insane. It's a disgusting move on 2ks part. And frankly, it's about time the series just dies because of it. Outside of that, the gameplay is good. So, if you're buying it solely to play MYGM (minus that story crap, because why do you need a crap story in MYGM who knows), or play with a friend when they come over. Or, if you've just got money to burn, then pick it up. If you want a fulfilling experience, it's definitely not for you.
Monkey	Not Recommended	0.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Monkey1man1/	quickest refund i've ever done
General Flamer	Not Recommended	7.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198020999539/	Banish this game definitely....seriously seriously bad.... Maybe worse than 2k18? I would maybe give it a positive rating BUT the GREED is REAL. 2K crew, we hear you! You wan't money. SUCK OUR DIKS! If I see microtransactions and loot boxes in a PAID GAME = automatic thumbs down! RIDICULOUS!
MrMojoRisin	Not Recommended	116.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198032163757/	Andre Roberson started dating Rachel Demita.. =(  Game is still moneygrab,expect to pay atleast 100$ to play as u're suppose to..
peterwbx	Not Recommended	103.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/peterwbx/	this game is getting worse every fu.cking year, guys please just download the game from ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ or ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ to show 2k that we are not to be fu.cked with. Why can't 2k just make a game that lets players do whatever the fu.ck we want like in 2k13, rather than having an archetype system that limits your freedom, I mean whats wrong with having a bunch of godlike players in the park, plus this grind to 99 is getting out of hand, you pretty much have to play this day and night for a year to get to 99 what the actual fu.ck? 
HumbleStar	Not Recommended	40.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/harry511/	Fxcking Trash game. Same like 2k18, cant play without VC for MC mode and so many bugs in park game.
Tyrantjo	Not Recommended	129.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197972677102/	Even if you get a spot in got next in the neighborhood, there's like a 75% chance the game won't start. Most of your time will be wasted actually trying to get the servers to put you in a game. Don't go to the Jordan rec center either cuz there's no way to back out without shutting down your game and restarting it.
OPG I iSonar2K	Not Recommended	30.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/PandaKnuffel0172/	Trying to fix this stupid downloading game updates glitch for 3 hours now. even the 2k support aint helping me. not reccomended.
Albsoto	Not Recommended	0.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Albsoto/	First time i refund a game, the game isn´t optimized.
Jolopenos	Not Recommended	1.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198069114555/	really ♥♥♥♥♥♥ input lag unable to use my ps4 controller
✪-GuarD1an	Not Recommended	344.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/xyf2828/	Disappointed!!! Super disappointed!!!
V3N	Not Recommended	160.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198034738132/	This game is a heaven for hackers, a game where the devs say live on twitch that they wont do anything about hackers. The other problem is that these devs are lazy so your going to be stuck with 95% of the bugs it comes with, as they will not release a fix most of them. The updates they release only cover my cards and vc exploits.
JapaN3S3WARR1or	Not Recommended	77.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/japanesetheemperor/	The save file is corrupted and cannot be loaded. (MyGM always)
papacinos	Not Recommended	45.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/papacinos/	Microtransactions... again... how the f... it can happen again?! This game is designed to not get refund. You're reaching NBA team after few HOURS of playing. HOURS! Steam have 2 hours policy. And then you have to buy a vc to have fun. What the f...?!?!
Skyrimosity	Not Recommended	36.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198071553313/	Going to ignore microtransactions since so many other reviews talk about it and ignore other blatant issues. CRASHING. So much crashing. I can't believe how much this game crashes. I cannot think of any action at all that has not resulted in a crash. Finished a game in MyCareer - crashed. Choosing a conversation option in MyGM mode - crashed. Opening up MyGM save - crashed. Replugging in my controller - multiple crashes (seriously, how does plugging a controller back in crash a AAA game?) Opening up the game - crashed. Of course, not all these happen everytime but I swear on my life they have happened within just TEN HOURS of gameplay! The basketball is terrible too. Something about the presentation and way the characters move is just way too lifeless. Additionally, there is no lateral speed whatsoever yet at the same time there is almost no "burst" speed at all either. I can only assume this was done to prevent the constant blow-by moves from previous titles but it's unbelievably awkward. Often times I'll have someone do a pick, have my ball handler move to use the pick, then even though I'm holding down sprint with the analog stick toward the goals he just will NOT burst to take advantage. It's incredibly stupid.The ONLY good mechanics addition to this game is the shot meter feedback telling you how contested the shot was. Admittedly, this part is generally well done and rushing up at someone from behind will usually result in an "Open" result rather than contested like it used to be. So if you're behind someone and make no real play on the ball it will not have an effect anymore. This is nice.The only reason I bought this game is because I owned no prior 2k titles on PC, my consoles are unavailable, and I wanted to play with some of the amazing rookies from this year's class. However, I can honestly say that this lackluster title does not even BEGIN to touch on being worth $40 with so many things being wrong.Edit: It doesn't really matter if you care about the microtransactions/crashes. At the end of the day, this is just not good basketball.Edit 2: Played a little more. Bug where BOTH teams were wearing Dallas jerseys! One of the main things that will showcase how much is wrong with this game is the pick-and-roll offense. Seriously, it's just unbelievably awkward to run. Also a bug where, upon plugging the controller back in, the sound died.
Shahrukh Fan	Not Recommended	438.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198855626661/	Please dont buy this game. the game is very slow as compared to 2k18 i.e more worse! can i get the refund? Neighbourhood is broken btw!  After getting the takeover badge you can easily loose from a newbie or 60 overall. TRASH GAME
They talk about my 9 taps	Not Recommended	26.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/benkazas/	Just joining the negative review wave.
₭ωaye ✚	Not Recommended	30.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/neagheorghe/	After spending 60 euros for a game you're expected to spend even more money to be able to play properly, have the 'ability' to change shoes, clothing and such. Not to mention that it takes all the fun out of playing online with your created player since everyone else is rated 85+ already and you're just struggling with your 71 rated player because you didn't pay for VC to boost your stats up. It's not even PAY TO WIN it's PAY TO PLAY AFTER YOU ALREADY PAYED (or spend hundreds of hours grinding to get your player to decent stats). It's bascially a game about buying Virtual Currency with real money that happens to have some basketball simulation around it.
Kennn	Not Recommended	78.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198347841649/	Bad geme experience, many bugs, have no progress comparing with the last version, very disappointed.
Atirus	Not Recommended	105.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198062434329/	Three reasons why its pointless to complain about NBA 2K19.1. The typical a-hole comments of "quit your ♥♥♥♥♥in you cry baby." or the always unimpressive "get gud" B.S.2. If you play the game you know what the problems are, no need for someone else to drone on about why the game makes me upset.3. What does 2K do about our complaints? Nothing. Not a gawd damn thing. So what's the point? It is what it is.Ya'll know what this game is about...no need to hear my negative opinions. If you love it, good for you. If you don't...then you already know how I feel.FYI: Try playing My Career without purchasing any VC. I dare ya!UPDATE (09-19-18) - The patch broke CPU offense in MyCareer. They will rain three's on your azz and make ridiculous layups. Also the "TOO many steals" problem is a still a problem. I thought patches were to fix problems not create them?
O1-RATED	Not Recommended	233.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198039878148/	Been playing 2k on PC since 2015. I still play it, but this will be my last year on PC.    Negatives -      - Pay to Play - expect to spend atleast 50$ extra for a 86 player.       - Cheaters - Theres is no anti cheat software. Expect to see subtle and obvious cheaters.  This year is badge hack frenzy.      - Gameplay - Gameplay is a bit choppy, and exactly the same as last year. 1 move 3pt cheese rules park(build a shot creating sharpshooter or stretch five). Feels very arcade.    - Lots of trolls. between the names and general gameplay.     - East US and EU are the most active neighborhoods. Good luck on West US. West coast  community  is very small, or they play on East.      Positives -      - Community - overall the PC community is small, but there are good people here. Find yourself a few good buddies, master your game together and the game can be fun.  Make sure you have a sharpshooter(because of the negatives above).    - Kills time. Overall i can't recommend purchasing this game.  I can tell you how hard it is to get in with a good group of folks. If your new to 2k PC, you'll find yourself 2-100 in neighborhood real quick because most players play with only people they know or have a decent rep over the years. Don't get a bad rep, the 2k PC community is small and word gets around pretty quick if your garbage. If you do decide to purchase this game, grind grind, pass, pass, and shoot when you open, or get a refund.  GL HF
eRlas	Not Recommended	154.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198238239200/	Waste of money.worst game i ever played!!
BoomBap21®	Not Recommended	358.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/boombap21/	Full of microtransactions ✔️ Full of Cheaters/hackers ✔️ tons of bugs/glitches/lag ✔️ another great nba game from 2k 
mrsulqui	Not Recommended	36.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198272721565/	Oh my goodness. Can't even finish a game on MyCareer. Freezes on 0.1 seconds.... I hear the buzzer.... Then im brought back to the desktop. I go back to the game, I have to repeat the same match. Amazing! Great job! :D If I skip the game... guess what... it pushes through to the next cutscene.. so I don't have any VC rewards. Excellent!
SpacedMussel18	Not Recommended	0.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198343834554/	This game is honestly trash, if you are gonna ever buy this game, buy it on console where it might actually work. meanwhile on here, no never buy this, its a failure as a game. Can't even get past the Flying Dragon without crashing at least 5 times.
BOA	Not Recommended	119.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/folaido/	Trash server, gg game.
rossw3020	Not Recommended	184.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198069825771/	♥♥♥♥ this
Notorious B.I.R	Not Recommended	263.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Coiiza/	trash game, cheaters only
Core 3	Not Recommended	85.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jettnuss/	Of course it's still the best basketball game out there, but riddled with micro transaction bull.  If you want to play (and occasionally win) park/pro-am/rec or myteam against other players without paying for VC forget it.Hall of Fame difficulty still makes your teammates play like pre-schoolers while every opponent big man is Ben Wallace in the paint and every guard Curry from half-court.Also there's this annoying bug that causes you to disconnectfrom the 2k servers mid game (happens to me about 5-10% of all games) but it only tells you right after you finish and you get no rewards.
copycats7	Not Recommended	0.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198118303628/	man, worse and worse each year, have bought every 2k series since 2k13, dont buy this game, waste of time and money, very disappointed.
Geralt of Rivia	Not Recommended	107.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Abyss_Watcher/	Bad Server, as always. Alright I accept it. But what I cant stand is the terrible motion system. Every player, yes, everyone dribles as slow as Zaza Pachulia. You can hardly penetrate with crossover or any motion, and you cannot create shooting space by dribling. This leads to a very poor offensive efficiency.
LITTLE DEBORAH	Not Recommended	115.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198263818196/	I was going to say that if you have enjoyed the nba2k mycareer experience in the past you should get this game.However, everything you ever thought was bullcrap from all the other games, is made 100x worse in this game. It constanly feels like the game is forcing you to lose, sitting you out when you're winning, then subbing you back in losing by 20 points. Every player on the other tem is lebron and steph curry, they hit every♥♥♥♥♥♥ no matter how much you contest, or how much of a scrub that player is in real life. Players who couldn't hit a shot in the ocean, make it rain more than toto. it's bull, like i said the games have done this before, but not to this extreme. It forces you and your teamates to commit the stupidest turnovers imaginable, if i get the ball passed to me, and it ends up flying past my fingertips (because magic?), it's a turnover on me. HOW SWAY. My teammates can't even touch the ball for 5 seconds without it having stolen from them. Now, of course, every game isn't like this, sometimes things play out normally. i get my 25-35 points and we win by a respectable margin. But somehow the next game, every one on my team is Kwame Brown? I know you guys want to crank up the difficulty, but not even satan himself would approve of some of these games. Also, why is there a shot meter on layups, who's garbage idea was this? it's terrible, take it out.I'm not even going to get into paying for VC, it's 2k, you should know you are looking to screw yourself with this game. There are probably people reading this right now thinking GIT GUD, listen i get it, i would probably say the same. however, i am an nba2k veteran, i have getten gud a long time ago. but this isn't an issue with my skill in playing the game, this is the game itself. i stell get 35-45 points with 25 boards during these high difficulty games. the problem is my teammates can't defend to save their lives, even when im on a good team! And the oppenents have the ability to score 40 points, even if theyre some random 63 overall rookie. it doesn't make any sense.And yes, i am writing this review directly after playing through one of these terrible games. Serioulsy contemplated going back in time to beat myself as a child until i never wanted anything to do with basketball again.
FiinalFlash	Not Recommended	52.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198065868858/	I went out on a leap of faith and purchased this game because of some of the positive publicity coming out for it. I have steered clear of 2k for the past 3 years due to lackluster my career and MTX. I wanted to play some basketball so bad this year that I gave it a go. Only to find that I was fooled and my money wasted. A lot of publications reported more rewarding progression. But when I played it seemed to crawl. Supposedly because progression was nerfed at release. All the review copies sent out to the media played with better progression and therefore the reviews are all skewed to reflect more rewarding gameplay. The defense that I played against, even on pro, is very difficult to score on and no fun unless you're highly leveled. My 66 PG is extremely ineffective. And it took me 15 hours just to get to that point. Very disappointed. I won't be fooled again.
mo_bai_	Not Recommended	484.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198008713897/	vc cash grab, full of hackers
nmevek	Not Recommended	41.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198012611422/	Cannot recommend due to developer practices elaborated on elsewhere as well as the numerous glitches and lost progress I and others have experienced. Settings not saving between sessions. Character face and name options being lost and reset occasionally. Random crashes at the end of matches making them not count. Disconnection issues.
Sivi Vuk	Not Recommended	322.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/wolfiens/	worst game ever,dont spend money on this unbalanced♥♥♥♥♥♥worst 2k ever,im back on 2k18,just dont play it. 
JDHaze	Not Recommended	50.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198814600841/	Nba 2k has gone downhill since they've integrated online modes with mycareer. You're restricted by caps such that you're forced to spend microtransactions to better your character. Getting to 75-80 overall without paying is a grind, but not too bad. However going above that is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ There isn't even a difficulty multiplier! The worst part about this is that people who never play online modes that involve your myplayer get ♥♥♥♥ed over. Want to make your player like Steph curry, well ♥♥♥♥ you cause the best you can get is a Kyle korver type player. They seriously couldn't have just left my career alone for those who just want to play that.. Why would integrating a traditionally standalone(mostly offline) mode with online modes even be a good idea?? Money.Only get this game if you're interested in the mygm/myleague modes. They're free from microtransactions...for now.
Yomens	Not Recommended	11.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198120218370/	IF YOU VALUE YOUR MENTAL HEALTH DONT BUY THIS GAME. This is my first time playing  an NBA game since PS1 times so I had 0 experiance in NBA  mechanics when coming into this game.  The  shot making is so broken that its possible to score about only 4 shots out of 20. Those statistics were  with a  so called "pure shooter" where both first  and secondary skills were 3rd point shooting. In general its just not fun to play and frustrating to play.
Maldermos	Not Recommended	339.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198060870761/	This is another bug-filled cash-grab by a ruthless corporation. You should NEVER buy VC from 2K, instead I would recommend checking out youtube and other media for exploits and glitches that can be used to grind VC. Find the game on sale on isthereanydeal or similar; give 2K AS LITTLE MONEY AS POSSIBLE.You're pretty much forced to play 2K if you like playing basketball games with others, but that doesn't mean we should bend over for these reptiles more than absolutely necessary. Resist.
Adanblake	Not Recommended	1.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/adanblake/	Game is kinda garbage. VC is way overpriced, and even with spending 10,000 VC in game, my character still is♥♥♥♥♥♥ Stuttering and FPS is an issue, and the gameplay is pretty much exact same as 2K17. Don't recommend!
Uncle Brick	Not Recommended	537.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/zekunliu/	This game is full of frustrations!The difficulting overall has rised significantly, and dribbling has been harder than ever. It forces you to play in a certain style, and it is no longer a free playground that you can try out all sort of things. All players are able to stop you, and even the slightest friction against the defender will stop the dribble. Maybe 2k only want the top-end player market, but it is definitely not friendly to newbies or amatuers. Furthermore, the MC building system is still the one shot deal. Although they provided the a preview for potential caps of each build, but the cap stats are completely non-sense across the metas. The shooting attribute of this year is definitely different than the attribute in 2k18. After your build, and investation of hundreds of hours, you will find your charactor would not be able to do the thing you would like it to, but you will not get a cent of refund at all. Suck it up, Motherfkers. Generally, if you are new to this kind games, dont buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥ If you are not willing to spend $200+ for this game, dont buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥ If you are a player spend a hundred hour to 'polish your skill', please go ahead and move along, Players like me are playing for fun, instead of for improving myself.
Delly	Not Recommended	186.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198052689023/	Same bugs as in 2k18, 2k17, etc etc.Twilight Zone empty sessions; 90% of PRO-AM game starts crash the game, awarded VC not being awarded (I wonder why: - ));Streetcourt games not starting, laggy as sh*t servers.The same procedure as every year. Fix your sh*t, honestly
Boyer the Destroyer	Not Recommended	41.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/MrCoherent/	If you dont pay for VC you will never advance in this game.Calls are also HEAVILY against you, AI will never get called on something you do
Spenser91	Not Recommended	172.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198035598160/	Do not buy this. MyTeam this year requires you to play online to just unlock the action house. There is now a hack that allows players to pause your game, giving you the only option to quit. It then says you are "unsportmanlike" for quitting and bans you from playing online in 15 min interavals. I have submitted by refund.
eYeShakeLife	Not Recommended	15.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/misterscriller/	                                                       ***WARNING***Anyone thinking about buying NBA2K19 for PC? DO NOT! The game is in a terrible state right now. It's literally impossible to find matches if you're a PLAY NOW online only player(which is what i am) The PC version to me feels unfinished and far from polished.Get a PS4 or XBOX version!
JAYSON	Not Recommended	205.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/dudefrommanila/	I love the game but please dont buy this $hit
汤汤汤汤汤汤汤汤汤汤汤汤汤汤汤	Not Recommended	339.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198046370973/	Trash♥♥♥♥♥game. Park games sometimes don't even start. FPS problems in games even though your computer should be more than enough to run this trash game. Joining a friend doesnt work 50% of the time. Jordan Rec center crashes the game before it even starts. Pro-AM does not work. Crew personifications causes the game to crash. MyPlayer points reset to 0% after a game for some reason. Game crashes in Team Training facility every now and then. Park events are laggy as hell. All in all it is just another cash grab from 2k in which they invested just enough time to port it over to the PC without even testing if any of their new "features" is actually working, No reason to buy this game for PC. I am pretty sure they invest at least some ressources for it's xBox and PS4 version.
007	Not Recommended	419.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197960416797/	Shouldn't be on PC if they don't care about the PC community.. Just shows how much they care for extra money and that is all they care about! Last 2K game I'll be buying on any platform
socoms254	Not Recommended	361.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198137396550/	Fix your ♥♥♥♥ing servers 2K!!! I cant even connect to myteam without connection error
Winding	Not Recommended	103.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198064341033/	Purest form of garbage. Nothing has changed exept they changed the locations of the barber shop/tatoo shop etc closer to eachother so you dont have to run 10 miles to get around. When it comes to the gameplay you play insanely good at the comeup - When it THEN comes to the nba games, you're literally garbage and the defense is so powerful that you wont have the slighest chance to get past it. You're literally Isiah Thomas going up against El embid when you try to go past a defensive player. When it comes to shooting you cannot rely on ANYTHING, you get an open look and it seems like you'll hit that sweet 3 but you just wont, NEVER. When you try to attack the paint you will either : - Lose the ball- Turnover- Get D'ed up- Miss with a perfect jumperOverall this game is NOT worth your money. Literally garbage and I regret buying it, oh well I own my mistake for believing in this garbage game. NOT recommended. Your gameplay will be NOTHING look alike the youtubers doing crazy stuff and just being overall better players than us.
Millertimebomb	Not Recommended	2.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/millertimebomb/	Same♥♥♥♥♥♥every year...no effort to improve anything, there are SOOOOOO many things, even small things that 2K could have done to improve the game, but everything feels the exact same as the last 2 years. Also no anti cheat. game is so horrible i'm considering buying an Xbox one just to play NBA LIVE........Sorry 2K i wanted to give you 1 more chance and you blew it. Never buying 2k game again....its a lost cause.
Jamis	Not Recommended	10.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198166864951/	Full of error codes, EFEAB30C / 4B538E50. Just get used to it. :)
tamirhod81	Not Recommended	7.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198149136025/	Bad Game The Wors't NBA2K EVER
Jesus	Not Recommended	116.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198062816712/	Straight up trash.
ScopeIsLazy	Not Recommended	45.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198145235586/	Want a game just like 2k18 but worse foul calling and no improvements? 2k19 is for you.
Projecki	Not Recommended	227.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Projecki/	lol they forgot the anti cheat
CinnabarHades	Not Recommended	127.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198240737856/	Waste of my time.
Lucky Owl	Not Recommended	109.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198296772630/	Last two years I fell for it. The prelude got me this time. Read the reviews and stay clear. This game uses fremium strategies to extort money from customers. Also outside of gameplay: Glitches that prevent you from getting the "VC" that you earned are common.
Lucky Owl	Not Recommended	109.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198296772630/	Last two years I fell for it. The prelude got me this time. Read the reviews and stay clear. This game uses fremium strategies to extort money from customers. Also outside of gameplay: Glitches that prevent you from getting the "VC" that you earned are common.
Ethanpangou	Not Recommended	0.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198204112669/	worst nightmare ever, worst 2k production ever it's a crime to have this game released.  i thought 2k would be more sincere than last year, they sohuld be ashamed of thgemselves for making this game. go suck a fat♥♥♥♥♥
ADuckOnQuack77	Not Recommended	0.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198429977373/	NBA 2k 18.5Already got it refunded
Issic	Not Recommended	2.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198202705130/	After 30 mins,i really want to say"♥♥♥♥♥♥quot;
僕の嫁	Not Recommended	2.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198176594817/	NBA 2K19? More like NBA 2K18.5Opponent defensive rating is high af.And also My career mode, u have to pay to win to upgrade your attribute orelse u just can't defeat the flying dragon.These are my opinion, but if u guys still wanna to buy.Good luck have fun
Gamesense.exe	Not Recommended	81.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198197700294/	Only Buy this game for the 2k anniversary. There are already people ith the most stacked godamn team out thereLIke its only been a couple of hours.
✪ ⓂⒶⓀⒶⓀⓀⒶ	Not Recommended	57.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/_Fak0r_/	When i turn off my pc, and open it again next morning, i need to reinstall the game, this happened (2) twice to me. Any1 having same problem and know solution not to download it everytime ? ty
junoleetravian	Not Recommended	125.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198277278390/	REALLY HATE THIS F*CKING GAME. I NEVER COMMENT BUT AFTER I TRY THE F*CKING MYGM MODE. I JUST CAN"T F*CKING STAND. F*CKING READING NONSENSE ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T FOR 20 MINUTES FOR NOTHING BUT ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T. MC MODE IS A F*CKING JOKE. MORE LIKE 2k18 DLC AND YOUR F*CKING HOME DIDN"T CHANGE AT ALL. AND YOU HAVE TO CHOOSE THE STUPID FLOOR? WHY? HOW MANY FLOORS ARE THERE IN MY APPARTMENT?♥♥♥♥♥♥STORY. NOBODY LIKE IT INCLUDING CHINESE. I'M A CHINESE AND I DON"T LIKE THOSE STORIES AT ALL. IT"S JUST STUPID AND FAKE AS HELL. BTW THE F*CKING COACH CAN'T SPEAK CHINESE I DON'T KNOW WHERE YOU GUYS FIND HIM. STUPID AS F*CK. I JUST DON"T GET IT. YOU GUYS MAKE   A LOT MONEY EVERY YEAR AND CAN'T HIRE SOMEONE TO GET THINGS DONE FOR A WHOLE F*CKING YEAR? I DON"T KNOW WHAT THE DEVELOPER DID LAST YEAR. DON"T THEY F*CKING EVEN PLAY THE GAME THEMSELF? MAN I USED TO LOVE 2K BUT NOW IT'S JUST DISGUSTING. SHAME ON YOU VISUAL CONCEPTS AND SHAME ON YOU 2K.
PickleRick	Not Recommended	73.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/classclown69/	i didnt get my 100k when i brought the anniversary eddition
Hutchenhof	Not Recommended	91.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197997272616/	At the end of the day this is a purchase I don't regret, but knowing what I know now, I definitely would have waited.  If you buy this game you are buying 2 3rds of a game.  The gameplay is good and the teams are up to date with great graphics; so you would say on the face of it, you would ask 'what is the problem?'  Well here goes...What everyone is saying about the buy2win model is right on the money.  Without buying VC you will have to play for hundreds of hours just to get a decent player in My Career, which ruins the decent, albeit short, story mode starter.  Next is the MyTeam, which unless you are good enough to play online or are willing to pay money is basically locked out for you; to unlock the auction house, which is the basis of such a mode, you need to win all game modes, including 3v3 online and when you aren't very good, like me, that ain't happening.If you have never owned a 2k then its good, but if you own another 2k, just keep playing that as it'll play the same.  NBA 2k is outdoing EA's FIFA with its lack of updates to the overall game and just focusing on enhancing their Micro Transaction earnings.  The companion app also has extra microtransactions as well...  Basically 2k, like EA, are sticking their middle finger up at a playing base that buy every year.  I won't buy next year unless they do something radical!I applaud Netherlands and Belgium for coming down on 2k and hope more governments do the same for their approach...
docfate ︻╦╤─	Not Recommended	0.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198058911814/	Garbage. Refunded after mycareer kept crashing when trying to create my player.
921	Not Recommended	189.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ch3xx/	Can someone help with this 100% loading glitch :))
KroenkeOut	Not Recommended	185.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kroenkeout/	Too many cheaters and server issues to ever really have fun. Won't be buying 2K ever again.
Kuntface McKunterson	Not Recommended	48.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Noobdog646/	2k NEEDS to read this!This game is fun and all but I feel being put in a disadvantage here because I have to WIN two online-matches to unlock a crucial part of the game. The "auction house" only unlocks after winning two online matches. I'm waiting for MINUTES and there are no opponents found. And even if I waited 20 minutes there is no guarantee I will win, because the people I get matched against have REAL rosters. Can you PLEASE remove this condition ASAP?!I wanna enjoy this game and I can't because your servers don't work or nobody is buying this game or playing it online! I just wanna play the damn domination :(
🕋 BLVCK ™️🏴󠁧	Not Recommended	55.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kingpanda18/	Cant hit wide open shots from deep, out of bounds is bugged i'm not out of bounds and the game makes it turnover, i'm not spending a dime in this♥♥♥♥♥♥game, thank god i didn't buy the game at full price. One of the worst nba 2k games of all time i liked nba 2k 18 better than this♥♥♥♥♥♥ and that's saying something. Super frustrating.Edit: Now missing wide open mid range shots with mid range badges at silver, im a shot creator and driving slasher, 80 mid so yeah... ♥♥♥♥ 2k
Delita	Not Recommended	27.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/siegemund/	Here's a review for offline mycareer players. There are two types of mycareer the offline and online. Offline is bad. There's no story and customization at all unlike the older 2K. I've always been an offline mycareer player and I say I regret getting 2k19.P.S. This will be the first and last NBA2K for me on pc. I'm good with it though I should have bought the older ones.
ImCty	Not Recommended	84.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198105326344/	They copied whole game from 2K18 and made it worse
爱NezBrah	Not Recommended	121.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198083947071/	2k18 paste but this time u can skip cut scenes..
「大丈夫 」だいじょうぶ	Not Recommended	89.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/invalid_one/	Thanks 2K for making it so hard to access the auction house. I think I've lost 20 games in a row in triple threat online.  Worst game mode ever. I keep playing the same overpowered opponent over and over  just to lose everytime.
nicolasloncar	Not Recommended	10.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198072922302/	 Extremely SLOW with i7-7700 HQ (2.8ghz), GF 1060, 16GB RAM
Thergin	Not Recommended	103.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197981393135/	I think the VC cost is sickning, to start a myplayer at 60 rating is wrong. I refuse to spend any extra on a game that is allready expensive.
Defence?	Not Recommended	380.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/relatek/	this game is completly trash 1/10 if you to b a part of the toxiest communities of all time and fill your head wih cancer thats your game otherwise stay away from it
nicolasloncar	Not Recommended	10.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198072922302/	 Extremely SLOW with i7-7700 HQ (2.8ghz), GF 1060, 16GB RAM
「大丈夫 」だいじょうぶ	Not Recommended	89.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/invalid_one/	Thanks 2K for making it so hard to access the auction house. I think I've lost 20 games in a row in triple threat online.  Worst game mode ever. I keep playing the same overpowered opponent over and over  just to lose everytime.
@Debug	Not Recommended	34.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/naturalfading/	Bought and refunded ggeznore 2k20
rc0680a	Not Recommended	132.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198389492930/	Worst
endolin	Not Recommended	56.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198078754587/	after the micro-transactions disaster of nba2k18 the current version is even more pay2win. greedy 2k asking for additional 50 € to upgrade myplayer in mycareer from 60 to 85 rating after having paid 50-60 € for the regular game already. if you're not willing to pay the modes mycareer and myteam are unplayable.don't get me wrong, the game itself is still the best basketball game there is on pc but the greed and the grind are ruining everything. further the parks are empty and the whole concept of the neighbourhood ist still way worse than any menu (time consuming). I want to play a sports game, NOT a RPG. even EA is doing a better job with fifa and I'm hoping NBA Live will return to pc next year (never thought I'll ever say this!)after all: This will be my last NBA2K. BAN microtransactions from games or at least you should lable games including this shXX as gambling.
JJ	Not Recommended	584.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jjlabrier/	I pretty much exclusively play this game for MyGM and I can't move forward because the game completely crashes whenever the tournament for #1 pick ends. I really like this game and want to recommend it but I can't do that if I can't even play it anymore. If this doesn't get fixed, my money was completely wasted, and I will not be buying future titles.
JoeTAG	Not Recommended	199.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198157856260/	Excellent gameplay. Except that everything is ♥♥♥♥ed up. Missing mycareer files. And the 2k support cannot do anything about it. 2K sucks.
Honcho	Not Recommended	193.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198180868602/	For some reason im having graphic problems this happens every year at the start of 2k then after a couple of patches they fix the problem my computer meets more then minimum graphics requirements please 2k fix this so everyne can run this game optimized on every pc nobody should be having problems with this game its graphics are no diffrent then 18 and 2k18 ran smooth after patches im assuming
Sepultura	Not Recommended	207.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/burzumawaits/	It's the same thing as the last 2 years, just a reskin. Minor changes. Park is the same ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. MyCareer is boring and easy. My Team never has people. Play now never has people. You aren't missing anything, by dodging this game. Park can be fun, but not if you're running alone. You run into the most selfish, no d players. Who just want to shoot terrible shots. It can be fun, but lots of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ players. Would I recommend this game? No. It's the same thing as the last 2 years really. Shot contesting and steals are really bad this year. if you dont have a hand up, but you're infront of them. No effect to their shot. Steals are stupid. Too many people spamming X again. With no punishment. If you play with people u know. It can be fun. If you dont. Its not gonna be enjoyable
Honcho	Not Recommended	193.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198180868602/	For some reason im having graphic problems this happens every year at the start of 2k then after a couple of patches they fix the problem my computer meets more then minimum graphics requirements please 2k fix this so everyne can run this game optimized on every pc nobody should be having problems with this game its graphics are no diffrent then 18 and 2k18 ran smooth after patches im assuming
Defence?	Not Recommended	380.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/relatek/	this game is completly trash 1/10 if you to b a part of the toxiest communities of all time and fill your head wih cancer thats your game otherwise stay away from it
Nycoh	Not Recommended	1.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198084501688/	i bought this game and have to return it. No servers on south america. If you are from south america and want to grind my player stay away and if you want to play this game for the single player pirate this game so this fu***ers put servers everywhere like all triple a games do
Small Text	Not Recommended	219.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/MathiasBjarno93/	So I was told about the reputation of this game just after buying it, but all the same I figured I'd give it the benefit of the doubt.For the first three weeks there was no issues for me and I had loads of fun playing the game, both MyCareer and MyLeague, though granted the MyCareer mode you almost have to buy VC to have fun in, else you will have a worthless character for the longest while. Like, actually useless, and if not spending a few training sessions in the gym, you won't be able to do much better than a 50% Free Throw percentage.Despite the P2W, or almost P2P, aspect, I still had fun. However, this came to an abrupt end as the game has bugged out on me meaning that three game modes have seperately glitched out on me. MyCareer, MyLeague and MyGM are all bugged out.Firstly in MyLeague I had some VC that I used on buying some clothes, and I picked up a bunch of free shoes through an endorsement. Now, neither is in my inventory and even more funny is that I figured oh what the hell, I'll still play a match. After the match I get a text saying that Jordan isn't happy that I am not honouring the endorsement, and that I shouldn't get back on the court without Jordan brand shoes (The ones that aren't in my inventory) so that was a broken game mode. I figured, what the hell, I'll file a ticket with them, and just play other game modes. (TL:DR - Not getting the clothing you buy with VC, and can't get on the court because of it)So I went to MyLeague and had bunches of fun building teams, expansion draft and the whole bunch, then suddenly my save game was corrupted, and I thought oh that sucks, but what the hell, I'll delete it and make a new one. Same issue. At this point every new MyLeague save file gets corrupted and unplayable if I save and quit the game. (TL:DR - All MyLeague saves get corrupted)And then I figured why not try MyGM, that seems to have an interesting storyline. Well, I can't choose my own character in it, and besides that, disappointingly there is no voice acting in it. All text based. ((TL:DR - Can't choose my own character)What happened to that ticket I filed you ask? Well, they replied and said "Uhm, yeah we know about this issue. Can you try to wait for a few hours and see if that helps? If it doesn't, come back to us" so I did, and then came back as nothing changed. That is now three days ago, where they haven't replied on the ticket. So I opened another, where I did get a reply after a day, but it was an automated response, that only links to their FAQ about issues.All in all three seperate modes are down for me, and for the better part of a week they have not tried to help me on the support tickets.TL:DR - This game is broken as all hell, pay to win and the support aren't doing much to help so far. Though maybe if some of these issues are straightened out I might change this review to a recommendation, but DO NOT BUY right now.
Victor Magtanggol	Not Recommended	0.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/06272002/	HAD TO DOUBLE CHECK IF I INSTALLED 2K18 OR 2K19
Incursore	Not Recommended	112.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198144482909/	Pay2Win,50 hours playing with myplayer only spending vc in attributes and I'm still 71 overall while if you go around a normal  neighbourhood lobby there are at least 15+ 90overall players and the others at least 86,you can steal the ball too easily,everyone shooting 3s like steph curry,cheaters.Trash servers,items too expensive (a customized jersey is 10000vc).Don't buy if you are not willing too spend other costs to upgrade your character.MyGm history is trash,MyTeam has some new modes,and the other things are the same to the previous games
Orleando	Not Recommended	256.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198141480435/	Awful. Full of cheaters. If you thinking of buying it just don't bother. Will get dissapointed by lack of support from developers on cheating issue. If you can choose Xbox or PS4 as in there cheating might be better managed. On PC they left it to be managed by users whic is just stupid. Developers just said there is little they can do apparently and won't do anything. Else if you still thinking of buying PC version don't blame anyone as you have been warned. Godd luck!
Bange	Not Recommended	1.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Bange34/	Pay to win
Marta	Not Recommended	75.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/stepform/	TBH. I feel like they don't care about PC at all.
Moou.	Not Recommended	326.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Mooudot/	I love this game when it works... 2 of my builds can't go past the loading screen. I submitted a ticket to which I am still waiting for a reply and its been 5 days, today I purchased 35k VC took the money from my wallet but the VC was not delivered. God knows how long I will have to wait for this to be solved. The gameplay is awesome when it works but I can't enjoy this game if I can't play my builds...
Victor Magtanggol	Not Recommended	0.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/06272002/	HAD TO DOUBLE CHECK IF I INSTALLED 2K18 OR 2K19
Betrayy	Not Recommended	123.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Betrayy/	I would not get it on PC... it is just filed with cheaters and hackers in like every online modes especially park. it can super frustrating and just not a pleasant experience overall. But the core gameplay itself is def an improvement from last year. But i wouldnt get it on PC; this is my first 2k on pc so i didnt know... If you have a console, get it on there. But if you just want to play the modes offline, then its fine but if u mainly play mypark online like me, dont get it on PC. 5/10
Hadley	Not Recommended	33.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/obidud/	2K does not ♥♥♥♥ing learn. They delete over 2000 Negative Reviews? Seriously?! How are they not banned by Valve?
AI Player	Not Recommended	309.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/williamzmatos/	Game is pathetic as far as playerbase goes compared to console, you literally cannot find a play now online game ever and the one game i've played the guy rage quit because he couldn't hit a bucket.The park never has more than 4 people in it.If this game doesn't go cross platform you need to do yourself a favor and NEVER BUY THIS GAME
ShadowFlea	Not Recommended	426.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198023043206/	Product received for free
Cl9udy	Not Recommended	136.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/cl9udLandstrom/	DON'T ♥♥♥♥ING BUY IT THE END.
Fingolfin	Not Recommended	71.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Fingolfin125/	I enjoyed the game but it is like everyone else says, a pile of junk that do not deserve spending money on it.
nemowei	Not Recommended	229.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198381930815/	The network is extremely bad, it's a disaster when you play online game with other player, low speed of game, unstable connection.So disapointed that I regret buying 2K19
Stalex	Not Recommended	3.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Stalex7/	Stop the pay2win. Make NBA great again !
Tim Fletch	Not Recommended	0.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198019534699/	Meh, could have just been a 20 dollar story/roster expansion pack
Negro Cherry	Not Recommended	45.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kneegrows4life/	Basically the exact same game is 2k18 with a redo on the neighborhood and new stories. Otherwise everything else is just as bad as the last game. VC is still as annoying as ever, cheaters have plagued the neighborhood, its become much harder to get an A+ rating in MyCareer games and now all I get is a C. Come on 2K, you guys seriously need to work on this. Only reason I bought this game is because no other game has reached the gameplay level that you guys got to years ago, but seriously, fix your problems and add some flair because it all feels the same. I won't be buying 2k20 unless reviews are good and if NBA Live gets better, I might switch over. Good luck!
⍟Sirii⍟ cs.money	Not Recommended	2.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Averii/	tried playing MyGM took me 1hour pressing X on my control pad. Such a drag. Refunded.
绿巨人	Not Recommended	151.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198086855741/	Trash game, AIs are all fool, GEEK designer, lose their mind. test the game before you post it! 1 point game , never being advanced.
UvwevweveOnyetwenyeUgyumemOssas	Not Recommended	57.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kwmagik1/	Connection keeps screwing up, you play a MC game and at the end of the game the network goes down you lose all your progress. The server connection drops out all the time. 2K sucks. Ronnie 2K should get fired.
oh shit nvm	Not Recommended	51.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/steewie3k/	i hate my life
PeraSniper	Not Recommended	84.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ovcamelli/	this game is heavy pay to win
HunterHU	Not Recommended	153.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/asaphunter/	Although it's definitely an improvement in terms of the gameplay itself, it's still a mess when it comes to the MyPlayer upgrade system, where you essentially grind for hundreds of hours to make your virtual basketball player just slightly better. The microtransactions are not as bad as last year, sure, but when you actually see the prices of your attribute upgrades you'll realize how bad 2K18 was in that aspect in comparison for me to be able to say that THIS is better. After 25 hours of playtime my player is sitting AT 65 OVERALL. That's a +5 improvement. In 25 hours. Including my 6000 bonus VC. And this is the period where the cost of your upgrades should be the lowest. They won't tone it down in 2K20, they won't do it in 2K21, they won't ever do it, because it's too profitable for them.If you plan on playing this game solely for it's MyCareer mode and can't afford to put 300+ hours in it, absolutely stay away. The only thing left that's making me buy the game is the MyLeague mode, which is constantly improved on a year-by-year basis and I can definitely recommend checking that out, but that's about it.EDIT: After playing more, nevermind, the gameplay is 10 steps backwards. Playing defence doesn't matter, the shot will go in anyway. You blocked the shot? Cool stuff, but that block just went back into the shooters hands for an easy layup. Yes, if the shooter is in front of you contesting the shot is almost always better than blocking it. Prepare to have games where the score is 130-140 because neither team can miss. Most frustrating game of the franchise.
tomato yoshi	Not Recommended	95.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197967041325/	Fun game but filled with bugs and poor connection.
Steep	Not Recommended	215.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198063382905/	Too many bugs!!!!
My name is Jeff	Not Recommended	170.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Huelll/	trash AF 1/10 game
SKY	Not Recommended	1.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198422426132/	this game trash as ♥♥♥♥ in pc !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! expensive then about 25$ in China.
imada_mio	Not Recommended	1.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/cosmas97/	Don't buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥game. Wasted my 30 mins to launch it and I give up in the end.
TowardsTheFutureBitches	Not Recommended	10.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198155623574/	Hot GARBAGE on ALL Lvs... But ig if you have no other choice......... Shoot yourself in the *ick instead
Eddiejay328	Not Recommended	12.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/eddiejay328/	This game keeps freezing and im over it. Literally while playing everything will just come to a stop for no damn reason. Specs below- Intel Core i7- 8700k CPU @ 3.7 GHZ- 16 GB of Ram- GTX 1080 x 2 with NVIDIA high speed bridgeUnacceptable. I have never "got a game for free" on pc. But next year i will be  definitely looking for links.....you rob me....ill do the same in return....
black ops IV lets g	Not Recommended	51.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198110470196/	wtf??????? please fix your servers and please match us with a good ping!!!!!we are losing because of coonection problems 2k wt♥♥♥♥ !! please put a server option in this game
WonnZ	Not Recommended	30.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/wonnz/	None of my files ♥♥♥♥ing save, literally the game doesn't work. I have one MyLeague file that autosaves, everything new I do outside that file doesn't even save and I can't access it once I close the mode. UNPLAYABLE
E-Money	Not Recommended	0.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198263613621/	Please don't buy this game. You vote with your dollars, so if you buy trash like this, they'll keep giving it to you. I thought it would the year that I move on from 2K16, but 2K16 is still way better than this.
lamournamjia	Not Recommended	102.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/lamournamjia/	Never have I beem so disappointed about a NBA 2K.I'm mainly a MyCareer player and I never pay for any extra VC. During the prelude it was ok since it's Pro difficulty. But after I switch it to Supestar, the gameplay experience just sxxks. My player is a 6'6'' playmaking shot creator who's similar to Luka Doncic, but I can's even dribble in front of the defender. I cannot guard anyone especially those sharpshooters like Curry. And the interior defense is just a joke. It's not a even basketball-possible. How can one always get the shot with defense on them? Not every player is your cover player Lebron, ok? And the perimeter defense is improving this year, but it's too hard for slashing. I don't see the reason why 2K raise defending so much this year. For a basketball game, especially MyCareer Mode, you have to offer players a good control of the game, right? I still don't know the experience of those VC buyers, but for players who dedicate their time, play every game to improve their players, it just sxxks. I guess the testers did not test what a 65 player can do in a Superstar game or even an All-star game. It is not a game that you can use your skills to 'play', it's just a torture by the lockdown 'AI'.IT JUST SXXKS. 2K will be surpassed by LIVE if you do not make any effort. By the way, VC ALSO SXXKS.
Venom	Not Recommended	285.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ollij02/	a very entertaining game if you take away the constant server problems and obnoxious micro-transactions
Sunny Dove	Not Recommended	231.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SunnyDove/	A decent installment in the series with some improvements to key areas. My offline play has been pretty fun but don't bother getting it on PC if you plan on playing online in the park. There is no anti-cheat detection and it's plagued with people cheating to various degrees. Some people are blatantly hacking with 7'3" centers that move like a small max speed point guard and can pull up from limitless range 3's. Other people are less subtle and just max out their badges instantly without doing any work, which is less frustrating but still feels bad when you actually put the work in on a character to progress it.I find myself wishing I had just purchased it on console instead as hacking would be much more difficult or impossible there.
yaoxe100	Not Recommended	33.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198253938037/	worst game ever in the world. Always give you sucking teammates
malakogavlis	Not Recommended	53.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198003037622/	The game is awful.  There is no way to play defence as defenders have no lateral quickness at all.. The game is also insulting for classic teams and players. What s the point in putting them into the game and  make them suck???its  supposed to be a tribute to them..not make fun on them... They are much worse compared to what they were in reality. They are super slow even the guards.makes me think that the idiots who made this game are under 30 and havent seen basketball before 00s at all.. you cant beat a current team with a classic team unless your opponent is a rookie to the game...i played a lot of quick matches and the game makes me so angry that i curse the programmers all day..
g.zed77	Not Recommended	38.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198392901969/	If you don't buy VC you won't be good fast and when I tried grinding I got a problem with a connection to server in 4th quarter and lost all my work.
hcfw.jfoonssi	Not Recommended	258.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198051036453/	Update:The playbook-bug has been fixed. Sadly, there's another flaw in the game, which makes the game impossible for me to enjoy: Ballhandlers cannot call offensive plays while protecting the basketball. The on-ball defense has been massively buffed on 2K19, so this is a major issue concerning most players of the game. I've had a support ticket open about this for 10 days now with no response.Original review:I didn't even make it to the first actual basketball game in NBA 2k19, before I found out how the game has been broken this year: You are unable to choose half of available plays onto your playbook. Breaking this feature, this badly, makes this game too repulsive for me to play.About 2kGames Bug fixing: Back in 2016 I sent a bug-report for a less important "bug" in NBA 2k17. The same bug is still present in 2k19. I made an annual inquiry about the bug, but the answer was the same: "We hope it will be fixed in the next version of the game."This game will remain unplayable for me. I strongly advice anyone planning to use their own playbook, to reconsider, and not buy this. Maybe look for NBA Live. I don't own that game, but will find out if it's any better than this utter expletive 2K game series. 2kGames disappoint me every autumn, never worse than this year.
skonis	Not Recommended	149.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198213005108/	It's a rubbish. There is no way to enjoy game. 2k17 is milion times better than this trash. It's not worth even 10 potatoes.
Tidlypinks	Not Recommended	2.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198833396229/	If you are looking for co op oportunities its not here 
313699058	Not Recommended	39.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198439148025/	垃圾游戏   联网随时断线  买这个游戏的朋友不如花几块钱买个破解版 跟玩这个是一样的
DYCKMAN.	Not Recommended	113.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/bleedingouts/	♥♥♥♥♥♥ server.
E-Money	Not Recommended	0.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198263613621/	Please don't buy this game. You vote with your dollars, so if you buy trash like this, they'll keep giving it to you. I thought it would the year that I move on from 2K16, but 2K16 is still way better than this.
lamournamjia	Not Recommended	102.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/lamournamjia/	Never have I beem so disappointed about a NBA 2K.I'm mainly a MyCareer player and I never pay for any extra VC. During the prelude it was ok since it's Pro difficulty. But after I switch it to Supestar, the gameplay experience just sxxks. My player is a 6'6'' playmaking shot creator who's similar to Luka Doncic, but I can's even dribble in front of the defender. I cannot guard anyone especially those sharpshooters like Curry. And the interior defense is just a joke. It's not a even basketball-possible. How can one always get the shot with defense on them? Not every player is your cover player Lebron, ok? And the perimeter defense is improving this year, but it's too hard for slashing. I don't see the reason why 2K raise defending so much this year. For a basketball game, especially MyCareer Mode, you have to offer players a good control of the game, right? I still don't know the experience of those VC buyers, but for players who dedicate their time, play every game to improve their players, it just sxxks. I guess the testers did not test what a 65 player can do in a Superstar game or even an All-star game. It is not a game that you can use your skills to 'play', it's just a torture by the lockdown 'AI'.IT JUST SXXKS. 2K will be surpassed by LIVE if you do not make any effort. By the way, VC ALSO SXXKS.
black ops IV lets g	Not Recommended	51.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198110470196/	wtf??????? please fix your servers and please match us with a good ping!!!!!we are losing because of coonection problems 2k wt♥♥♥♥ !! please put a server option in this game
WonnZ	Not Recommended	30.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/wonnz/	None of my files ♥♥♥♥ing save, literally the game doesn't work. I have one MyLeague file that autosaves, everything new I do outside that file doesn't even save and I can't access it once I close the mode. UNPLAYABLE
<=~J_DAWG~=>	Not Recommended	52.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198004428739/	CORRUPT SAVE FILES RUIN THIS GAME! I ONLY play the Offline modes (MyGM/MyLeague) and spend many hours building my roster, designs, etc. only to have the file corrupt after I exit the game. I can't even enjoy the game offline because I can't rely on my progress being saved. SO FRUSTRATING! I honestly blame the 2K servers for this mess, NOT STEAM. If I could actually play the game modes without it crashing, or corrupting the saves after I shut my pc down, it would be really fun!!! FIX THIS 2K!!!!
Venom	Not Recommended	285.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ollij02/	a very entertaining game if you take away the constant server problems and obnoxious micro-transactions
Sunny Dove	Not Recommended	231.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SunnyDove/	A decent installment in the series with some improvements to key areas. My offline play has been pretty fun but don't bother getting it on PC if you plan on playing online in the park. There is no anti-cheat detection and it's plagued with people cheating to various degrees. Some people are blatantly hacking with 7'3" centers that move like a small max speed point guard and can pull up from limitless range 3's. Other people are less subtle and just max out their badges instantly without doing any work, which is less frustrating but still feels bad when you actually put the work in on a character to progress it.I find myself wishing I had just purchased it on console instead as hacking would be much more difficult or impossible there.
malakogavlis	Not Recommended	53.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198003037622/	The game is awful.  There is no way to play defence as defenders have no lateral quickness at all.. The game is also insulting for classic teams and players. What s the point in putting them into the game and  make them suck???its  supposed to be a tribute to them..not make fun on them... They are much worse compared to what they were in reality. They are super slow even the guards.makes me think that the idiots who made this game are under 30 and havent seen basketball before 00s at all.. you cant beat a current team with a classic team unless your opponent is a rookie to the game...i played a lot of quick matches and the game makes me so angry that i curse the programmers all day..
OhmsLaw	Not Recommended	101.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/nathanchristian85/	This game is absolutely horrible. It starts in Shanghai and the prelude is waaaaayyy to long. I bought the game just to play on the park but it took forever to get there. By the time I could get into the park, it was too late to request a refund from Steam. The park is absolutely awful. THere is never anybody there and when you can find a game the lag is too bad and there is at least a half a second delay in all the controls which maens you get beat 21 to 0 constantly.  2k has had the market cornered for so long they don't even try anymore. I will not be buying another 2k game. P.S. my internect connection is awesome in every other game. I stream in high qualty and FPS run great.
Radical Rasta	Not Recommended	76.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/prodigyofched/	I mostly play this game for the MyGM/MyLeague modes. I'll probably play a bit of MyPlayer throughout my time playing this game, but the main reason I do is for the MyGM and MyLeague modes. So far with having this game, these are the things I notice(I've only played MyGM and MyLeague so far):-Game crashes regularly for absolutely no reason.-Game files get corrupted often.-The games animations for the cpu players on your team still sucks. Ex: I played as the Jazz, I was playing Trevor Ariza at the time(I traded for him), and I was up against Philly. I was guarding Ben Simmons, and I had Donovan assigned to guard Fultz. While defending him, Donovan randomly ran across the court to try and double team Embiid, who already had Gobert and myself on him(I was right next to him, close enough to contest), leaving Fultz wide open to cut to the basket for an easy, uncontested dunk. In even more games, I've noticed this, and other random situations, happens regularly.All in all so far, I wouldn't recommend getting the game right now. Wait to see if 2k fixes these issues, then proceed accordingly. I'm just giving my opinion on the game as it stands right now. I will continue to play the game for now(provided it doesn't crash every 5-10minutes like it has been. And yes, I have verified the files and uninstall/reinstalled twice). I hope the necessary fixes come sooner rather than later.
EG <3	Not Recommended	170.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198082508432/	Trash game, definitely PAY TO WINJust to remind you, if you wan't to have a decent player that can play at Hall of Fame level, you need to grind 24/7 for a month straight before you can actually do♥♥♥♥♥♥in the game.Even if you're good in this game, everyone in the park will just look down on you if you have low stats with tons of epic badges.
949215052	Not Recommended	218.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198094566906/	♥♥♥♥
Radical Rasta	Not Recommended	76.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/prodigyofched/	I mostly play this game for the MyGM/MyLeague modes. I'll probably play a bit of MyPlayer throughout my time playing this game, but the main reason I do is for the MyGM and MyLeague modes. So far with having this game, these are the things I notice(I've only played MyGM and MyLeague so far):-Game crashes regularly for absolutely no reason.-Game files get corrupted often.-The games animations for the cpu players on your team still sucks. Ex: I played as the Jazz, I was playing Trevor Ariza at the time(I traded for him), and I was up against Philly. I was guarding Ben Simmons, and I had Donovan assigned to guard Fultz. While defending him, Donovan randomly ran across the court to try and double team Embiid, who already had Gobert and myself on him(I was right next to him, close enough to contest), leaving Fultz wide open to cut to the basket for an easy, uncontested dunk. In even more games, I've noticed this, and other random situations, happens regularly.All in all so far, I wouldn't recommend getting the game right now. Wait to see if 2k fixes these issues, then proceed accordingly. I'm just giving my opinion on the game as it stands right now. I will continue to play the game for now(provided it doesn't crash every 5-10minutes like it has been. And yes, I have verified the files and uninstall/reinstalled twice). I hope the necessary fixes come sooner rather than later.
Dirty O' Barnacle	Not Recommended	186.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Sole2k/	Do not buy this game, it is a copy of 2k18 and they never update the game.
Zsombika	Not Recommended	151.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198192351085/	My team is full of bugs i can t even see the player on the card just a black with the name and the ratings , the news are the same maybe someone know how to fix it?
ALLAHIN OGLU DEANDRE	Not Recommended	136.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/sweetj0nes/	My game freezes while playing in park from time to time and it is not a hardware issue. I get disconnects from rec center when the match is starting on a regular. There are huge problems with the servers and overal optimization I think.I do not recommend the game at this state.EDIT:I wasn't seeing any hackers the first few days but now 2V2 and 1V1 is full of hackers. People with no badges at all drains my energy like they have HOF bruiser etc.They can alter with badges/stats as I have seen. I repeat.. I DO NOT RECOMMEND THE GAME. Nothing's been patched on the PC side and updates comes later than consoles.
「Dark Arts Master」	Not Recommended	176.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/DarkArtsMaster/	Teammates on mycareer doesnt do anything. you cant steal even if your steal bar is maxed. cant even dunk even if youre alone and right under the basket.
TheKingRay	Not Recommended	298.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198143970130/	Please don't purchase this game. The developer made an awful game, just save your money.
CadensReturn	Not Recommended	495.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198303120901/	Game is full of error codes, my VC has disappeared Twice and everytime I win a Mypark game it gives a error and crashes, with no answer from 2K, This is the first time I have bought the game since 2k16 and will never buy another
Billy	Not Recommended	80.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/BillyCS/	this game is ♥♥♥♥ing terrible, do not buy. it is purely pay-to-win as they removed rookie difficulty, ensuring that people put money on as you physically cannot beat pro difficulty bots as a 60 overall if you havent played NBAs before. the shooting is also ♥♥♥♥ed as unless you get a perfect shot or green light, you will miss the majority of your wide-open, perfect release shots. the ♥♥♥♥ing idiots at 2k made it so a green light (excellent release) isn't given every time you get an excellent release, which is a ~50ms window. ♥♥♥♥ing idiots, sort your game out, set of ♥♥♥♥♥♥s
Stovo	Not Recommended	66.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198150719463/	If you are stupid and wanna donate this money to 2k, buy it.  Just like me......  Do not play this game on PC. Hackers everywhere.  Play it on consoles.
Edair	Not Recommended	66.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/GiecuMan/	Grindy. Expensive. Avoid if you want to play mainly MyCarrer. Gameplay is good thou.
mozolcer	Not Recommended	70.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198856114318/	this game is terrible they dont care about pc at all. if you are reading this thinking to buy the game , dont do it. all these people are not wrong. 2k need to get fugged.
JACE	Not Recommended	85.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198011460550/	Bought the game solely for My Career mode. Hall of Fame difficulty makes the game so hard by making your team awful. I can back it up with stats. I started my first season with the Grizzlies. We were awful. However I noticed the Houston Rockets were putting up some solid stats such as follows:J Harden: 28 pts per game, 6 assists, 2 reboundsC Paul: 25 pts per game, 9 assistsC Anthony: 22 pts per game, 3 assists, 4 reboundsSo I requested trade to the Rockets around halfway through the season. After I joined the Rockets, playing on HoF difficulty, the above stats dropped to as follows by the end of the season.J Harden: 12 pts per game, 2 assists, 2 reboundsC Paul: 8 pts per game, 5 assistsC Anthony: 10 pts per game, 1 assists, 2 reboundsAnd the turnovers. My god the turnovers. Meanwhile I'm scoring 38 pts per game, pulling down 9 rebounds, 3 assists, and 2 blocks as a Rebounding Driving and Finishing PF. I'll have our team ahead by 10+ points, get subbed out for 3 minutes, and be down 10+ points when I'm back in the game. So anyways, that's an incredibly frustrating way to ramp up difficulty - making my team horrible despite having some of the better players in the league.
SuperRoach7	Not Recommended	8.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SuperRoach7/	Another terrible PC port. If you want a good NBA 2k experience, play on console.
B)	Not Recommended	19.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/actualshrexy/	the last 2k that I'll ever buy
ClayPax	Not Recommended	52.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197994431001/	This game has a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of problems, even as a single player experience:1. The AI is horribly awful, players on your team will literally run into each other to the point of being stuck in place because there is no way for two people to slide by each other, they will literally run as if they are on a treadmill, instead.2. The player movement feels horrid. The players in the game, with the exception of those that have really high (over 90) athletic statistics, move like toddlers on rollerskates inside of a mudpit. I can understand that people don't accelerate immediately, but it feels extra slow in this game, as if the players are constantly drunk. Basketball players are always on their toes, ready to accelerate and spring into action at a moment's notice. NBA 2k19 players have apparently all just eaten Thanksgiving Dinner and moving, even slightly, in any direction is a big ask.3. The broadcast presentation is good, but you'll see a lot of the same stuff recycled game-in and game-out. This is unavoidable, I guess, but you'll still see everything there is to see within 20 or so games, and the repetition comes surprisingly quickly . 4. The entire implimentation of the Virtual Currency (VC) is vomit-inducing. This is a $60 retail release that uses the microtransaction model of a F2P mobile phone game. The career mode is particularly eggregious. If you're absolutely desparate for an NBA game on PC, this is pretty much your only option. If you aren't that desparate for one, save your money and buy a well-polished video game, instead.I honestly hate this series and I hate myself for playing it. ♥♥♥♥ you, 2k, you're awful at this.
thanos maid rosni	Not Recommended	25.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/whatisthislink/	Although I only play offline, I still strongly disagree with all these microtransactions.
dmsniper	Not Recommended	186.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198052864687/	Paid2win, actually paid to be possible to enjoyyou start unable to do anything, can't make a shot, can't make a layup even alonebut you are suposed to be a nba playerand for that matter a RICH nba player, but all you can afford is the brown shirt
Ernasty	Not Recommended	166.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Ernasty/	Get it for one of the consoles if you are a die-hard.  Console versions have a larger player base and you are ALWAYS able to get into a rec/pro-am/park game regardless of local time of day.  I've noticed that the players I encounter on PS4 typically have a higher basketball IQ; they pass to the open man, take shots when open.  On the PC version I've played a dozen or so games where this is not the case... -_-It is close to a carbon copy of 2K18.  MyCareer used to be fun and interesting, now it is geared specifically towards the competitive multiplayer market.  Archetypes are still here and as annoying as ever.  MyCareer Teammate and coaching AI is especially bad this year.  Teammates will refuse to defend their man, switch unnecessarily or refuse to switch.  Teammates will often refuse to kick it to an open man.  MyCareer is too much of a grind in this iteration for it to be called anything close to "fun".
ClayPax	Not Recommended	52.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197994431001/	This game has a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of problems, even as a single player experience:1. The AI is horribly awful, players on your team will literally run into each other to the point of being stuck in place because there is no way for two people to slide by each other, they will literally run as if they are on a treadmill, instead.2. The player movement feels horrid. The players in the game, with the exception of those that have really high (over 90) athletic statistics, move like toddlers on rollerskates inside of a mudpit. I can understand that people don't accelerate immediately, but it feels extra slow in this game, as if the players are constantly drunk. Basketball players are always on their toes, ready to accelerate and spring into action at a moment's notice. NBA 2k19 players have apparently all just eaten Thanksgiving Dinner and moving, even slightly, in any direction is a big ask.3. The broadcast presentation is good, but you'll see a lot of the same stuff recycled game-in and game-out. This is unavoidable, I guess, but you'll still see everything there is to see within 20 or so games, and the repetition comes surprisingly quickly . 4. The entire implimentation of the Virtual Currency (VC) is vomit-inducing. This is a $60 retail release that uses the microtransaction model of a F2P mobile phone game. The career mode is particularly eggregious. If you're absolutely desparate for an NBA game on PC, this is pretty much your only option. If you aren't that desparate for one, save your money and buy a well-polished video game, instead.I honestly hate this series and I hate myself for playing it. ♥♥♥♥ you, 2k, you're awful at this.
Stovo	Not Recommended	66.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198150719463/	If you are stupid and wanna donate this money to 2k, buy it.  Just like me......  Do not play this game on PC. Hackers everywhere.  Play it on consoles.
jinjin8612	Not Recommended	120.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198004315798/	2K is the worst game developer you can ever imagine. This stupid♥♥♥♥♥♥cannot even provide a basic working server. Please just spend your money on something else. This is just piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ no doubt.服务器连接不上不是网络问题 在美国这也是同样的问题 这个2K傻X既然要想让自己的单机游戏跑在Server上那起码得保证服务器能够在50%的时间是在工作状态。这个基本要求都无法保证。真的不需要让这种傻X开发商赚钱。
Novuh	Not Recommended	491.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198074296783/	I am going to preface this by saying I do not play any of the pay-to-win modes, I play this game for franchise mode and building teams, and then I play the games in the playoffs. Gameplay this year is just not fluid. 2k16/17/18 all had decently fluid motions and shots. It feels so laggy in this one or like off somehow(I'm running a 8700k and a 1080ti) which has turned me off almost completely from playing the actual game.Last year when you'd cross up or do some cool dribble moves it was fluid and smooth. If you've ever played MMO's i'd compare the movement difference that 2k18 was a smooth as world of warcraft and 2k19 feels like final fantasy online, feel slow and heavy. Overall okay game, I put about 2100 hours into 2k18, I doubt I play this the same.
burakcangokhan	Not Recommended	45.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/burakcangokhan/	Having the b77577d9 error code. NBA 2K support page cannot recognize the code. Do you know whats happening again with this game.♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥af
erxy	Not Recommended	104.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/skommer/	Dont buy it!
Proper...	Not Recommended	488.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198047764876/	Trash game, catered to the lowest denominator across all game modes. Pure arcade but pretends to be a sim. Skills and IQ don't matter, the game doesn't compensate for lower overalls by making them less reliable, it just straight up cheats. If the game's algorithm is working against you then there is literally nothing you can do to win and the algorithm heavily favors the higher overall even if the person is a complete moron who doesn't know what they are doing. To be real, the game typical favors the people who just cheese and don't actually know how to play basketball. Great gameplay but is ruined by making it so that skills don't matter. Way too many animations are out of your control, at times it feels like the game is on rails. So many little things that just frustrate you over and over again. Instead of making it more skill based 2k just makes pure sharps shooting contested shots form half court more reliable. Wouldn't recommend to any true basketball purist, even playing just against the AI offline is a chore. The outcome is always up to 2k no matter how much of a skill gap there is between the players. 2k has been my favorite series since 2k5 but now it's just arcade trash, even freestyle basketball is less cheesy. Sad really, especially when you consider that 2k is terrible by design
thanos maid rosni	Not Recommended	25.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/whatisthislink/	Although I only play offline, I still strongly disagree with all these microtransactions.
dmsniper	Not Recommended	186.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198052864687/	Paid2win, actually paid to be possible to enjoyyou start unable to do anything, can't make a shot, can't make a layup even alonebut you are suposed to be a nba playerand for that matter a RICH nba player, but all you can afford is the brown shirt
SpringField	Not Recommended	384.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/springfield1337/	The Grind 2K19
erxy	Not Recommended	104.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/skommer/	Dont buy it!
SpringField	Not Recommended	384.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/springfield1337/	The Grind 2K19
Dawnstrike	Not Recommended	23.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198007642809/	After seeing the comments that my career was done pretty good, i decided to try it as it was on sale and i only play my career, yes it is pretty nice, but the random crashes to desktop in the middle of games is really getting to me, usually it happens when your doing pretty good and poof your watching the desktop and you can redo the whole game. I am to late to get reimbursed for this, but i will never, NEVER again get an nba2k game. Im done with their moneygrabbing ways, pls people do NOT get this game, safe your money.
Laki	Not Recommended	2.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/lakimijatovic/	Product received for free
saul	Not Recommended	87.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198106767809/	Running at 10fps in the menus and 9fps in game on my fully specced alienware 15 r3.... not a great launch.
Kash.	Not Recommended	1.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198002265140/	Refunded as there were too few people in Park on release day. Guaranteed people will stop playing it within a month
loustler	Not Recommended	205.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198149791673/	This game never been changed anything.I never recommend this game for my dude.This game never worth to play.Hey dude, Never take this game.
Macunaima84	Not Recommended	275.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/macunaima84/	I have been following the franchise nba 2k since 2012, and I am a fan however the company does not solve recurring problem example hackers, in game mode my team is impossible to finish a game, I took 24 hours to beat the harkers, this is very annoying, something else irritating and people who pay to evolve their character, spend a lot of money on something that should be just fun and not business. a suggestion is to enable characters from previous versions to remain playable in current games for anyone accompanying the franchise, worse than EA.
fnezpz	Not Recommended	1.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Fnezpz/	Been a 2k fan for years and this is the first time I bought the game on PC and I am not enjoying it at all. I've never had an issue on console. Do not buy it on PC, there's in game bugs that pretty much ruin the experience and make you lose games. Using a controller is buggy as hell on here, somehow the D-PAD HUD becomes non-existent and I can't use the D-PAD left or right to choose defensive or offensive strategies and I can't call any plays or adjust anything. For any hardcore sports gamer, that's super important cause it makes the difference between winning or losing. This is just my personal experience with it and I don't feel like gambling and waiting on an update, it could just be but whatever. Got my refund and will play it on console instead.
Meteor777	Not Recommended	209.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/meteormeteor/	Im Buyin' NBA 2K19 BUT PLAYING CBA 2K19?????????????????????????
Flat Earth Shaq	Not Recommended	296.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198134789513/	Way too much copy & paste still happeningVirtual currency issue still huge.
nuggy	Not Recommended	89.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mztty/	the grading in mycareer is jacked but you know its a new 2k so its alright.
aaaaahhhhh	Not Recommended	19.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198065067665/	Please, seriously, don't buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥ I would have applied for refund if this is not a gift from my friend. It's either spending $100 for VCs or play a completly useless♥♥♥♥♥♥character in the game. You'll be playing a overall 60+ in the NBA and you can't even change the difficulty setting. 
DannyDietz	Not Recommended	222.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/DannyDietz/	垃圾服务器，历史球员还是那个叼样做的跟鬼一样，♥♥♥♥ 2K
SkelaC14	Not Recommended	129.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198342706701/	why cant I start mycareer?this is why i buy this game immediately.
duncebass	Not Recommended	217.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/DunceBass/	I actually like this game a lot for the most partThe amount of VC garbage is abysmal though and the 2k community is too dumb to complain half the time.An anti-cheat system would be nice on PC as well.
l.t.zero	Not Recommended	125.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198079094041/	♥♥♥♥ u 2k, garbage game, AI's three point is like 100%, can't even solve this problem since 2k17. Plus you never fix player's hair cut,♥♥♥♥ u.
Float	Not Recommended	56.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Floaterino/	Worst AAA game that can ever be made.My park is laggy as hell, the responsiveness is just non existent.Pro-AM is not workingGet banned for unknown glitch that you made.Grind is real.Spending 60(100) euros and getting dissapointed is all you gonna get nothing more.DO A FAVOR FOR 2k COMMUNITY - DON'T BUY 2k20, please , make end to these cash grabbing f*cks. I thought T2 are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s (how they are handling gta online shark cards), but this is beyond...
Lyin' Punk	Not Recommended	2.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Slaaaaaam/	Please, don't buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥
Aryan-	Not Recommended	27.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198011665624/	I love basketball, but not this game.
mateusinviana	Not Recommended	55.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198122766551/	Nao comprem o jogo, esta repleto de bugs em um deles acabei perdendo meu save com 88 de overall e fazem 4 dias mais ou menos que o suporte da 2k nao resolve isso, alem de um jogo com varios bugs tem um suporte que e uma bela bosta
Kyuubei	Not Recommended	46.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/lunafreyasama/	u want to win? buy VC
trabelsi	Not Recommended	19.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198027214911/	In the NBA 2k I've been playing for nine years and I buy pre-order every year. This year, there are not any advantages from the pre-order, almost no: early access for normal pre-order did not become, and 5000 VC is ridiculous, they do not influence what.And the launch of the game itself was not possible, because the error "NBA2K19 cpu CPU without SSE 4.2 detected." This application requiers a CPU with 2 or more cores, and with SSE4.2 support or greater ". I do not have the worst processor - Xeon X5460 (8 GB RAM, RAdeon HD 7770 1gb), two days later I found the opportunity to launch this game, but with huge lags - it's just not possible to play even with minimal settings. To put it mildly disappointed, and almost ten years was my favorite game.This year, MyCarer does not seem to start badly, but all these stories ... Would have been simple, as was partly with Spike Lee - the player starts at school (a couple of games), then he is offered colleges (there are 3-4 games) and then the results already go to the draft.В NBA 2k играю уже девять лет и ежегодно покупаю себе предзаказ. В этом году плюсов от презаказа нет, почти нет: раннего доступа для обычного предзаказа не стало, а 5000 VC - это смешно, они на что не влияют.А сам запуск игры оказался не возможен, так как появилась ошибка "NBA2K19 cpu CPU without SSE 4.2 detected. This application requiers a CPU with 2 or more cores, and with SSE4.2 support or greater". У меня не самый плохой процессор - Xeon X5460 (8 GB RAM, RAdeon HD 7770 1gb), через два дня я нашел возможность запустить эту игру, но с огромными лагами  - играть даже на минимальных настройках просто не возможно. Мягко говоря разочарован, а почти десять лет  была моя любимая игра. В этом году MyCarer вроде начинается не плохо, но все эти сюжеты... Сделали бы просто, как было отчасти со Спайк Ли - игрок начинает в школе (пару игр), потом ему предлагают колледжи (там 3-4 игры) ну и по результатам уже выходишь на драфт.
AvtomatIvan	Not Recommended	111.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/hariznl2/	Mycareer the most enjoyable gamemode for years has become complete pay-to-win nonsense for the past years, which 2k has no desire of fixing. It's a shame how they just spit in their fans face. The game is fun if you play Myleague, but the gamemode everybody wants to play is ruined. If you don't give 2k an extra 70 buck for VC you would have to spend every single minute of the week to achieve a decent rating for your myplayer. 2k is the absolute worst gamedeveloper when it comes to microtransactions. 10 times worse than EA. I'm fine with microtransactions for player skins and accessories, but 2k have taken it way too far to the point that Mycareer has become an unplayable experience for anyone that wants to just casually have some singleplayer fun. The way 2k has spit in our faces I'm glad to buy the game of key sites so they don't recieve a single penny from me.
Anmar	Not Recommended	0.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197989827173/	Micro transaction simulator
h`	Not Recommended	252.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198370560031/	恢复了上篮的投篮条倒是不错的，但是比赛视觉感觉非常摇晃，优化做的也一般，游戏里面突破太困难，有的投篮和运球动作做的过于僵硬。MC模式剧情过于虚假，60出头的评分一来就可以场均20分钟？而且对新手的操作很不友好，动作比较僵硬。总经理那个剧情也是脑残，就不能用心写点剧情吗？最后说打差评的根本原因，建模和捏脸，你哪次能把詹姆斯的脸捏的像那么一点点呢，还有球员动作僵硬虚假，身体比例失衡。还有那个mc女朋友，老子………
Swank	Not Recommended	230.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198308198344/	I have a GTX 1050, Core i5 8th Generation PC but for whatever reason this game simply can't barely run it decently on medium settings... I had no issue with 2k18s performance so I'm hoping they can fix this asap.
hongkongcy19	Not Recommended	0.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/hongkongcy19/	This is not a game, but a programme that helping the developer to earn BIG money from Players. I have only played two games, an online MyCareer game and an Offline MyCareer. First, the online MC required VC to upgrade the player, which means you have to BUY VC to do that, NO - I am not going to do that. So, I quit the online MC and start a new offline MC game. WTF, the offline version had no story and nothing but play games one by one.....I played the first game, and the rating was very poor......the gameplay was truely a rubbish.....the teammates were idiots.....After 50 minutes of gameplay, I immediately decided to quit the game and ask for refund.
CanaanDreadz	Not Recommended	466.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/CanaanDreadz/	TRASH!!!
Aero	Not Recommended	12.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198801624086/	For casual player with keyboards, who like to play MC like me, I recommend you go back to old series.Even with 100000VC, 77 rating guard, with lowest difficult level, I still have a very bad game experience.There ARE games that I want to spend time practicing my skill, but not this one, I just kind of feel that it would not return the favor.Play this game just gives the feeling that without a handle and lots of time and VC you just can't do anything, and it seems the pro level just affect your AI teammate, for they are getting countless beaten by higher rating opponents.That's not reality, even stars are not doing this ALL THE TIME.It's just not fun anymore for players like me, who want to see my own player run on the court freely and have a good game time each day. For pros and fans, this might not be a problem.For a casual player like me, it's hard to shoot in 2k18, it's hard to shoot and breakthrough in 2k19.The game experience is just getting down every year. so, why bother? Back to old series.There are games that I would like to practice skill for, but certainly not this one, it's just personaly choice.For now 2k series makes MC so hard to play for casual play, so be it.
Wait around	Not Recommended	553.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/10-9-8-76ers/	Okay so, after playing for a while the game aint THAT bad... however, there are some negatives- The dribbling isn't a shadow of what 2k18 was, its really lackluster to say the least- A lot of people are unable to even LOAD into their players..- MyGM/Myleague saves corrupt so often- Stealing is ridiculous; I like the pass interceptions but when people can spam constantly something needs to change- The game is very slow paced, even in comparison to even 2k18 which was notoriously slow- The face scan app sucks this year; cant get it to work where as last year it was first try-done- There is often a lot of frame stutter during multiplayer because the game force caps the game at 60 fps when you start a game regardless of your monitors/hardware- If you wasn't good on defence in 18; dont even consider buying this year- There is still no anti cheat... on day ONE people were cheating their badges...Now for the positives- It really does have a huge skillgap (before updates at least) it will be fun for seasoned players but new players may struggle- The pass interceptions are incredible; last year you could play the lane perfect and the ball would go through you- The shooting is very timing and skill reliant- The mycareer is incredibly fun, if you buy this game to play offline you **PROBABLY** wont be disappointed- Myleague and MyGM are more in depthI'd say that sums it up; if the positives out-weigh the negatives for you then I would recommend picking this jawn up :) however until they fix the stuttering in multiplayer for the players suffering with it, ima have to keep this♥♥♥♥♥♥negative.
Light Yagami	Recommended	239.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198302628966/	Its the best hockey game since Wayne Gretzky's 3D Hockey.
Diabal78	Not Recommended	216.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198098986375/	I played the game now for nearly 200h and it is fun but unstable as a f****** alpha. Game is constantly crashing during video sceens during the games or loading screens.For an AAA €60 game unacceptable after 2 weeks with no fixes for the crashes its becomimg even worse.Dont buy before this is patched.And as much ia hate this to say next time i will buy for console because PC getting no love by 2k so sad 
JUZTIQ	Not Recommended	182.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197969123516/	Do NOT buy this game! - It ts a HUGE dissapointment.I simply cannot go through all the broken things in this game........ but for example the MyCareer gameplay is SO ridiculosly broken you will laugh!Examples: - You team will miss the simpelst layups-- Your team will miss the simplest passes - Your team  will step of court to make turnovers constantly- Your team cannot block- Your team makes faults on every block attempt- Your team does not contest shots - especially not 3 point shots- Your team cannot score on Freethrows = they miss 50% at least- Your team stands locked to one spot as stupid cardboard figures no matter what play is called and never runs into position........... and they list goes on and onAnd to make everything even worse! = The CPU team scores on every 3 pointer, every layup, every dunk and makes every pass and block and constantly steals the ball!!!!!!!!!!!!!This game is just so #"¤"%/"# that you will cry and slam your head through the wall (and no - its not because the gameplay is harder than last year but because the game is broken!)Only good thing is the Commentators that actually can give you info about players and basketball
Player	Not Recommended	300.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/zhuyihuazyh/	2K really doesn't care about this game on PC. Park and Ante Up are full of cheaters. Literally no one is playing pro-am walk on. I wasted so much money buying boosts and ugradaing but theres no chance I could win agianst cheaters.
Alex Stella	Not Recommended	146.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/alexstella/	Stuipd teamate AI and unrealistic opponent FG in hall of fame difficulty. It makes the game close on purpose in my career. Not see any improvement from 18 to 19.
MrGodChrist	Not Recommended	96.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198047844201/	Fun game however the game will crash for no reason. For example, if your controller disconnects the game closes. There are a variety of bugs such as commentating bugs as well where they will not have the right teams/players being discussed in the matchup. I'm a 2k fan but they really dropped the ball with this one.
thenachobandit	Not Recommended	30.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198045573991/	This game is very very broken, Do not buy until they have fixed ALL isues!
Pinkdude	Not Recommended	165.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/envyDC/	you just know there was not much effort put in to this game, its sad how they dont care and just sell this♥♥♥♥♥♥..
Jalfrezi	Not Recommended	120.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198155137355/	I've played 2k19 for a decent amount of time now and I feel confident in giving an honest review. Firstly, I've been playing 2k since 2k12. So I've been on it for a LONG time. Back then when they were still competiting with NBA live, they made actual advancements, and tried to actually make a change from year to year. Now that they know they're top dog they simply don't care anymore and just crank a new one out every year as a cash grab. +++++ Pros ++++Added the functionality to skip cutscenes in myCareer. Big, big plus. Added the ability to customize where the jumpshot meter was placed. Near hands or near feet or both. Face scan is a little bit better? A LOT of customization. You can create your players how you like. Makes you feel involved. Still a really solid basketball game. ------Cons------Graphics felt like they weren't even updated??? When comparing 2k19 to NBA live, I can no longer justify choosing 2k19 because of the graphics. So. Glitchy. There are just so many bugs and problems. For a AAA game, they should be testing all these bugs PRIOR to release date. Not charging $59.99 for beta testing and then releasing patches months later. I don't know how else to state this. The microtransactions are stupid. One of the execs of 2K himself stated that "microtransactions were just a reality now." Want a haircut? VC. Want a tattoo? VC. Want to buy a shoe that YOU made? VC. A PIECE OF CLOTHING CAN COST YOU 8,000 VC. Want to upgrade your player from a 60 to an 85 (NOT EVEN A 99). Get this. Its a whopping 190,000 VC. VC is expensive in real life, and if you want to earn it... well, good luck. Its so difficult to grind for VC. Let me put this in perspective for you. So me and my friends opened up my career, and correlated 730 vc per game with an annual salary of roughly 10.5 million. Thats what was stated when you open up your player. 730 VC per game * 82 games = 8760 VC. SO YOU'RE TELLING ME THAT A GOD DAMN PIECE OF CLOTHING IS WORTH DAMN NEAR 10 MILLION? 2k needs to stop being greedy and just make it easier to earn VC, or lower the cost of upgrades and items. No one is buying VC anyone, youtube is litered with people doing the 1 minute VC glitch. tldr; buy NBA live, save money, save time.
Doxp4r4/	Not Recommended	104.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198112104245/	What a crap of game...Fu*** y*** 2K. Please stop doing games. Please!
airwalk	Not Recommended	91.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198428621393/	I’m feeling like the game is incomplete. Graphics are awesome, but this game is cracking too much. It is not worth those money... I hope Ea is going to release live20 on pc. There were too many times when I was winning the important game, struggling for unlocks and the game crashed. Contarts gone, no prizes. Same situation with loosing connection. After winning the game and connection lost, no prizes, contracts gone. Really demotivates me to futher griding. Espacialy when games are taking so much time for none result. I’m sorry but I feel like the game is not ready. Anyway I paid for this game and I feel like it is real hard to experiance this game online without paying much more money for packs, because i lost half of virtual credits because the game crashed. This was my last time I bought Nba from 2k. I hope they won’t destroy civilization series.
givinci	Not Recommended	679.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198283974360/	Nba 2k was one of my favorite games. as of the last couple years this game has fallen to a point of no return. last year two of my players had been deleted. It took 2k over a month to get it back and by the time they got it back the new 2k was coming out, not to mention they didnt restore my player exactly the same he couldnt dunk or make shots which is exactly what he was good at so i had an upgraded player that couldnt do anything. this year the same thing happens. twice i have put in a ticket and its been 3 days no reply. I put the ticket in on the 2k website...i say that to say this, save your money and buy another game. 2k is beyond par and is only falling down a bad line this game wont be around to long. i havnt played nba live but i am going to purchase it now. 2k  was a major dissapointment i dont even write reviews but for this one i had to. All of this can happen to anyone that purchases the game it has happen to me 4 times in the span of these two games they released and i dont even write reviews good or bad but this one time i had to. SAVE YOUR MONEY.
randomguy	Not Recommended	44.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198029461028/	This game is pretty good. Except that nothing around the base game works. You want to play your classic association mode? Oh, "Save File is Corrupted". You want to play MyCareer? Oh, whoops, "Save File is Corrupted". Love it.
Frostwaffles	Not Recommended	75.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/frostwaffles/	Product received for free
FunAtParties	Not Recommended	21.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/56798654/	I have a GTX1060 way above the recommended specs And it is Laggy as hell
Schumacher	Not Recommended	26.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Pouncedelion/	Got me refund the game for the first time of my life, good job 2K.
cburl04	Not Recommended	81.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198135875585/	If you only play mygm/myleague than this is a slightly improved experience. Play now is still good. For all others modes, you had better be ok with a LONG grind to become mediocre. This is a lot more pay to win than nba 2k17. About half of the companies revenue comes from microtransactions so they aren't going away.
Cpt_PussyPounder	Not Recommended	31.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/39281-adam-garcia/	WORSE ♥♥♥♥ING GAME EVER. Highest overall in shooting and driving and still bricking this game makes  aboustely no ♥♥♥♥ing sense at all the fact that only certain positions can get ankle breaker when in real life anyone can break anyones ankles. This was the worse ever 2k that was made in my opinnion and my park servers are always empty. What a disgrace!
an3sth3tiz3	Not Recommended	91.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/an3sth3tiz3/	I do not recommend the game, wouldn't buy it again after testing it for 40-ish hours. After 2K16 I promised I won't buy NBA 2K anymore until it gets better, but I broke that promise and to my horror I discovered that it turned even worse. Why? Well, it is a heavy pay-to-win game that sends you to senseless grind if you do not want to spend addidional money. It's still pretty much unresponsive in player control terms. And on top of that, there's a gambling casino-like neighborhood mode, and I was speechless when I saw it, 2K pushed it too freaking far. Still, it's the only game in town, almost literally, it's overwhelming in terms of game modes (not all of them good though), if you are going to contend in multiplayer battles - the game's full of cheaters. As for the things to come - I'm cheering for NBA Live, the only alternative left, to come back from oblivion. We should all pray for that.
4gateftw	Not Recommended	0.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198072319914/	This is the worst 2k installment in recent memory. What the hell happened to the smooth, fluid, accurate, fast paced simulation of the modern NBA present in 2k17? Players in 2k19 move like they're stuck in molasses. Doing things like blowing past larger defenders is not feasible on higher difficulties. Screens are horrible and don't even seem to go on the side you want them. Those two things, mismatches and screens, are key to any simulation of the modern NBA, and ♥♥♥♥ing them up destoys any chance of accurately simulating the modern NBA. Combine that with the ridiculous frequency of blocks and the fact that all players, yours and the ai's alike, seem to ♥♥♥♥ up basic things like catching passes that even a YMCA scrub like me could do 99/100 times and you have the worst 2k I can remember playing. Refunded. Not worth.
☯ nep7une	Not Recommended	193.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/nep7uneoriginal/	This game is full of bugs, always crashing and just ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, so unbalanced beside 2k doesnt give a ♥♥♥♥ about pc.Full♥♥♥♥♥
DonJúan	Not Recommended	165.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/DonJuanitooo/	pay to win bullcrap getting owned by only shooters who spent hundreds of dollars on attributes WASTE OF MONEY
Jalfrezi	Not Recommended	120.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198155137355/	I've played 2k19 for a decent amount of time now and I feel confident in giving an honest review. Firstly, I've been playing 2k since 2k12. So I've been on it for a LONG time. Back then when they were still competiting with NBA live, they made actual advancements, and tried to actually make a change from year to year. Now that they know they're top dog they simply don't care anymore and just crank a new one out every year as a cash grab. +++++ Pros ++++Added the functionality to skip cutscenes in myCareer. Big, big plus. Added the ability to customize where the jumpshot meter was placed. Near hands or near feet or both. Face scan is a little bit better? A LOT of customization. You can create your players how you like. Makes you feel involved. Still a really solid basketball game. ------Cons------Graphics felt like they weren't even updated??? When comparing 2k19 to NBA live, I can no longer justify choosing 2k19 because of the graphics. So. Glitchy. There are just so many bugs and problems. For a AAA game, they should be testing all these bugs PRIOR to release date. Not charging $59.99 for beta testing and then releasing patches months later. I don't know how else to state this. The microtransactions are stupid. One of the execs of 2K himself stated that "microtransactions were just a reality now." Want a haircut? VC. Want a tattoo? VC. Want to buy a shoe that YOU made? VC. A PIECE OF CLOTHING CAN COST YOU 8,000 VC. Want to upgrade your player from a 60 to an 85 (NOT EVEN A 99). Get this. Its a whopping 190,000 VC. VC is expensive in real life, and if you want to earn it... well, good luck. Its so difficult to grind for VC. Let me put this in perspective for you. So me and my friends opened up my career, and correlated 730 vc per game with an annual salary of roughly 10.5 million. Thats what was stated when you open up your player. 730 VC per game * 82 games = 8760 VC. SO YOU'RE TELLING ME THAT A GOD DAMN PIECE OF CLOTHING IS WORTH DAMN NEAR 10 MILLION? 2k needs to stop being greedy and just make it easier to earn VC, or lower the cost of upgrades and items. No one is buying VC anyone, youtube is litered with people doing the 1 minute VC glitch. tldr; buy NBA live, save money, save time.
NOTsitags3 台灣第一	Not Recommended	82.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/sitags3/	garbage p2p♥♥♥♥♥♥ to play online you need to pay extra because every retard who plays this game does
LittleDoughtier	Not Recommended	131.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/LittleDoughtier/	conclusion: 2k18 pve: nba vs nba2k19 pve: big3 vs nbaridiculous stealing + moving way faster than player's teamso broken
慕容复	Not Recommended	283.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198080423996/	I really have no idea why Auction house can be open only after you winning several games in mutiple mode.It is radiculous as you cannot ensure network quality here in China!!!!!!!!We just want to play single mode and have functionality we need!Why 2K made such a huge wrong decision to set such FXXKING radiculous target!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
mrme3seeks	Not Recommended	20.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198121293586/	So here is the thing.....I dont really care about the microtransactions because I dont play mycareer or any online modes because they are legit a scam to get you to pay them more money not to mention the lag that is ever present in every 2k nba game which is amazing in 2018 honestly. the games gameplay is awesome easily the best iteration yet by far my problem? my save files on my OFFLINE game modes are corrupted no matter what.....thats right no matter what everytime i quit playing and come back my save files are corrupt, which would be why im sitting at 9 hours....because everytime i try to do anything I cant simply pickup where i was.
Kraetive	Not Recommended	65.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198049194925/	This game is unfortunately still quite bad. Stealth nerfs to a ton of MyCareer stuff that then gets patched extremely slightly in order to get positive responses. Many games have a lot of scripting within them. Guaranteed makes, missed shots, "momentum" is utter trash. I've played games against the AI where I can hold a team to 6/20 shooting and the next quarter they go 18/20, making shots that the real life counterparts can't even think about.Don't get this game, it's better than 2k18 but it still is very frustrating and 2k have shown time and time again that they don't care about the playerbase.
cc5822	Not Recommended	117.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198333223273/	Terrible server maintenance!!! I quit.
Batoonchi	Not Recommended	82.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Batoonchi/	Worst online I ever seen, and is a 2019 game.
axel	Not Recommended	267.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/drtoxicoa/	xD the worst its crashing when i skip the draft lottery pick gg 2k gg
sPxr™	Not Recommended	78.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/MrSpor/	I'm enjoying the game but only enjoying the offline.The events online are unplayable, servers are terrible as always. They reduced the XP gained towards badges yesterday to make it more of a grind, so you buy VC.The game is one big advertisement. Go buy gatorade so you get stat boosts for games, boosts that you almost have to buy if you want to play it competitively.Don't buy if you fall for the premium currency scams, you'll get robbed! It's a money pit, like every 2K game nowadays. It's too far gone.
Awayuki	Not Recommended	18.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198072051408/	i dont know why the default graphical card is Intel integrated card, makes the experience very awful at first
Richard Liu	Not Recommended	53.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/richardliu27/	I really need to release my anger a little after 10 hours' playing. A game is for providing fun. A game is for achieving things you cannot do in reality. "Sorry, " says 2K, "This game's not for noobs." Yeah, I'm a noob. I have never been to a court in my life. I even don't know what is "to set pick". To players who knows how to play (or has a great sense of basketball or plays well on a real court), this game is wonderful and has lots of improvements. I really enjoy the graphics and wonderful story that don't make you bored. It has the most containing in every aspect among all the sports games. But it would be hell for players like me. Opposite's defending is awfully tight, like a solid wall, and you cannot even move if a defender gets close to you. 2K actually lowered the difficulty of shooting, but you still won't drop the shots as there're devil defenders. I tried my best and I can only get an averge of 15, 2, 6 all from outside (3-points), and around 10 turnovers each game. Yeah, the teammates rates much mower about you. In 2K18, I can make it to A+ by passing (Good passing) which cannot be done in 2K19. STILL NO ROOKIE IN MC. It's fine if 2K makes opposite all play as well as  Lebrons and Curries, as it has to be harder in Pro difficulty, but WHY they have to make stars on my side worse than Zhou Qi?! They miss 3-point shots when wide open, get blocked/stolen in one-on-one, etc. Conclude now, the game do provide fun, but only to veterans. As for noobs, they just wanna torture you, or just consider they're narrowing down the players and keep veterans only. Finally, WE NEED EASIER NBA 2K GAMES!!!
Sigoody	Not Recommended	77.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198216541255/	MY CAREER - I do not get it, Why every time I do a pick&roll (me holding the ball) my teamate always but always runs behind the enemy guarding him.Thats not pick and roll that is just stupid when he rolls I can't pass him the ball becuase what I would acctualy do is a turnover.Fix please.this is the only major thing Disturbing Me in the 2K19 there are alot more stuff to fix and improve in the game for the player to have a quallity game experience. If you but 2K19 for the MY CAREER then stay in 17 I think its much better
Joeplaysball	Not Recommended	51.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198083530289/	Kudos for giving an option to skip on cutscenes. But wished there was more storyline on mycareer than just the prelude. The Romance interest was awesome but was cut too short. No drama after the prelude its all just grind. MyPark response time is still slow and laggy, its still the same game, just different roster. About to give up with the pre purchase for the next 2k and just wait for reviews to come in.
BattlePhenom	Not Recommended	75.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198027230869/	Don't ever buy this game. The worst 2k. If you play my player the opponent will constantly slap the ball out of your hand without penalty.
a_brazier	Not Recommended	84.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198082776094/	Games sucks, always been buggy but I've kept going anyway and now I'm getting corrupted save files on every new my league I start for some reason.  Can't take it anymore.  I hate you 2K
WickedJester23	Not Recommended	0.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198176662191/	(Playing this game for the free weekend and still want a refund) 2k is a joke I'm so happy i didn't waste money on this game, not only have they put ridiculous caps on skills but now you have a cap on minutes played also, (I only play career mode in sports games because of hackers) Ronnie 2k does not care about making good games anymore its just "reskin it and then see if you can make it worse than last year give the player the dumbest background you can think of and then push it out because people will still buy it anyway"..... "oh and don't forget to make the entire game pay2win/play and make everything so outrageously expensive that we sell more vcoin packs because again people are dumb enough to still pay for it"
oull	Not Recommended	165.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/oullcan/	I am very love this 2K series... They gonna better then every before year, gameplay is realy cool this year but that game has a so much bug... Example, (i am always playing single Myplayer) Lanzo ball steal my ball one after another 3x times and i am just moving... And my overall is "90". It's a really bad bug. I do Alt + F4 and do it that match. ? And that game has so many bugs too... When i start, i cant stop myself... I am staying silently... But i am not exited now to play that game...
Efelatte	Not Recommended	75.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/efelatte/	Funniest part is how the company begs to EU players for microtransactions.Only positive thing over 2k18 is that now we can skip "some" of the ugly cutscenes.
Taxxs	Not Recommended	253.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198281841965/	So sad, the actual gameplay is good but the game is rendered unplayable in most modes due to game breaking bugs. MyGM and MyLeague cannot be played due to the save files corrupting constantly and you cannot use any custom logos or any text on created jerseys, they just will not show up in games.To make matters worse 2K are not responding to anyones complaints, they have gone dark, again...
Shagsational	Not Recommended	68.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197977666246/	Only one team in new expansion team mode..... 
CasualRain	Not Recommended	252.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198848972069/	Loved this game before most recent patch. But now I can only play one game mode, can not buy or spend VC, terrible latency, and I keep getting dropped for a "connection error".All for what ... a sponsored event that is so fu****g dark that i cant see what im doing. Truley dissapointed. Get your sh** together please 2K.
Mr_Pessimist	Not Recommended	121.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198119430496/	SICK AND TIRED ABOUT THIS GAMENBA2k games arent good games anymore. 2k is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ on us and just want to get money . They♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off so hard. Microtrensactions are okay if they are fair. But in NBA2k19, they arent fair. They are neccesarily for the fun in the game. And that's why i wont buy any 2k Game anymore. I'm tired of buying the same♥♥♥♥♥♥money machine every year!!!!
JustAnotherStar	Not Recommended	52.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198053278965/	DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY LIKE I DID IN THIS GAME.
axel	Not Recommended	267.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/drtoxicoa/	xD the worst its crashing when i skip the draft lottery pick gg 2k gg
sPxr™	Not Recommended	78.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/MrSpor/	I'm enjoying the game but only enjoying the offline.The events online are unplayable, servers are terrible as always. They reduced the XP gained towards badges yesterday to make it more of a grind, so you buy VC.The game is one big advertisement. Go buy gatorade so you get stat boosts for games, boosts that you almost have to buy if you want to play it competitively.Don't buy if you fall for the premium currency scams, you'll get robbed! It's a money pit, like every 2K game nowadays. It's too far gone.
Awayuki	Not Recommended	18.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198072051408/	i dont know why the default graphical card is Intel integrated card, makes the experience very awful at first
Efelatte	Not Recommended	75.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/efelatte/	Funniest part is how the company begs to EU players for microtransactions.Only positive thing over 2k18 is that now we can skip "some" of the ugly cutscenes.
Taxxs	Not Recommended	253.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198281841965/	So sad, the actual gameplay is good but the game is rendered unplayable in most modes due to game breaking bugs. MyGM and MyLeague cannot be played due to the save files corrupting constantly and you cannot use any custom logos or any text on created jerseys, they just will not show up in games.To make matters worse 2K are not responding to anyones complaints, they have gone dark, again...
Kamui	Not Recommended	185.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198108028733/	game randomly crash
oull	Not Recommended	165.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/oullcan/	I am very love this 2K series... They gonna better then every before year, gameplay is realy cool this year but that game has a so much bug... Example, (i am always playing single Myplayer) Lanzo ball steal my ball one after another 3x times and i am just moving... And my overall is "90". It's a really bad bug. I do Alt + F4 and do it that match. ? And that game has so many bugs too... When i start, i cant stop myself... I am staying silently... But i am not exited now to play that game...
JustAnotherStar	Not Recommended	52.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198053278965/	DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY LIKE I DID IN THIS GAME.
gamingviper23	Not Recommended	52.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198197526002/	This will be the last 2K product I ever buy again period. The game for Xbox and Ps4 has become lame. But the PC port... worse than eating a homeless man out. This game is quite literally absolute garbage . Bad gameplay, glitches right and left. Not to mention 2K sports is more invested in taking your hard earned dollars than making an enjoyable game nowadays. Forget this company. Let them fade away.
cc5822	Not Recommended	117.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198333223273/	Terrible server maintenance!!! I quit.
NOTsitags3 台灣第一	Not Recommended	82.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/sitags3/	garbage p2p♥♥♥♥♥♥ to play online you need to pay extra because every retard who plays this game does
LittleDoughtier	Not Recommended	131.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/LittleDoughtier/	conclusion: 2k18 pve: nba vs nba2k19 pve: big3 vs nbaridiculous stealing + moving way faster than player's teamso broken
慕容复	Not Recommended	283.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198080423996/	I really have no idea why Auction house can be open only after you winning several games in mutiple mode.It is radiculous as you cannot ensure network quality here in China!!!!!!!!We just want to play single mode and have functionality we need!Why 2K made such a huge wrong decision to set such FXXKING radiculous target!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Sigoody	Not Recommended	77.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198216541255/	MY CAREER - I do not get it, Why every time I do a pick&roll (me holding the ball) my teamate always but always runs behind the enemy guarding him.Thats not pick and roll that is just stupid when he rolls I can't pass him the ball becuase what I would acctualy do is a turnover.Fix please.this is the only major thing Disturbing Me in the 2K19 there are alot more stuff to fix and improve in the game for the player to have a quallity game experience. If you but 2K19 for the MY CAREER then stay in 17 I think its much better
Joeplaysball	Not Recommended	51.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198083530289/	Kudos for giving an option to skip on cutscenes. But wished there was more storyline on mycareer than just the prelude. The Romance interest was awesome but was cut too short. No drama after the prelude its all just grind. MyPark response time is still slow and laggy, its still the same game, just different roster. About to give up with the pre purchase for the next 2k and just wait for reviews to come in.
BattlePhenom	Not Recommended	75.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198027230869/	Don't ever buy this game. The worst 2k. If you play my player the opponent will constantly slap the ball out of your hand without penalty.
a_brazier	Not Recommended	84.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198082776094/	Games sucks, always been buggy but I've kept going anyway and now I'm getting corrupted save files on every new my league I start for some reason.  Can't take it anymore.  I hate you 2K
Bigfoot	Not Recommended	0.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/AireX_Bigfoot/	Product received for free
WickedJester23	Not Recommended	0.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198176662191/	(Playing this game for the free weekend and still want a refund) 2k is a joke I'm so happy i didn't waste money on this game, not only have they put ridiculous caps on skills but now you have a cap on minutes played also, (I only play career mode in sports games because of hackers) Ronnie 2k does not care about making good games anymore its just "reskin it and then see if you can make it worse than last year give the player the dumbest background you can think of and then push it out because people will still buy it anyway"..... "oh and don't forget to make the entire game pay2win/play and make everything so outrageously expensive that we sell more vcoin packs because again people are dumb enough to still pay for it"
BlakeEmperor	Not Recommended	5.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/BlakeEmpire/	I use to be a big fan of NBA 2k. I played all the time growing up. Decided to give this version a try since it was the free weekend. I wouldn't play this game again if you tied me down. Edit 1: Here are some reasons why it was not good.1) My PC can run the game at recommended settings and it still lagged. This mostly affected me playing defense.2) The MyCareer is very long and dragged out. It takes a while before you even get to the NBA. Although I did like the G-League approach so points there. But there is no traditional career mode where you just jump into the NBA.3) I tried to make a couple of custom rosters. Despite saving them multiple times, they did not work or appear at all when I tried to use them. 4) I tried to play online. Key word is tried.5) Shooting in this game is harder than it should be. Earlier versions I could get perfect timing almost all game. This version I'm either too early or too late and missed more than I should of. This is only a few reasons why. If you want an NBA game, I recommend an older version of the game and avoiding this one.
Pr10gun	Not Recommended	143.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/pr10gun/	Best NBA and basketball game in steam, and maybe even on the whole PC platform, and yet it is bad a.f. You start with 60 Overall, which is something like level, and max. overall is 99. You can pay real money to get to 88 overall in just a second, so a kid with some money can get 90 overall playing for some hours, and you grind your way up to 88 overall in maybe over 100 hours. To balance the game, the 3pt shooters in the game have difficult times with mid shots? What is the logic in that? The best part of the game is the Prelude, which is like the singleplayer campaign and it barely lasts 8 hours if you don't skip the scenematics. Overall, I would not recommend this game to anyone, if only you have some friends, then the game is kinda fun. Overall, I would give 7 to prelude story, 8 for mechanics - of which they feel nice, 3 for the online grind system, and 10/10 if you are playing with friends ONLY.I don't know if its just me and my friends but the players in the park (except my friends) play the game like they are all NBA Demi-Gods...Overall: Buying virtual currency with real money in an expensive game like this ruins the game, I would understand the virtual currency if the game was free o was an MMO, but in a game like this it just ruins the whole game and the community - in my opinion - Thank you for reading my review.
cracatoa	Not Recommended	83.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/cracatoa/	Clunky, unresponsive controls.  5 minutes of scenes and jabbering to play less than 5 minutes of basketball.  Horribly slow progression not much better than Battleground 2 at launch.  2k Franchise is the epitome of a trash money grab.  I'm so glad that the EU is tearing these companies apart for their horrible practices.  Hopefully the US will get on board at some point and we can get back to having games instead of ATMs for game developers.
PerverseStew	Not Recommended	15.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198037478789/	Give me rookie in career or I'm done with 2k forever
Bigfoot	Not Recommended	0.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/AireX_Bigfoot/	Product received for free
WickedJester23	Not Recommended	0.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198176662191/	(Playing this game for the free weekend and still want a refund) 2k is a joke I'm so happy i didn't waste money on this game, not only have they put ridiculous caps on skills but now you have a cap on minutes played also, (I only play career mode in sports games because of hackers) Ronnie 2k does not care about making good games anymore its just "reskin it and then see if you can make it worse than last year give the player the dumbest background you can think of and then push it out because people will still buy it anyway"..... "oh and don't forget to make the entire game pay2win/play and make everything so outrageously expensive that we sell more vcoin packs because again people are dumb enough to still pay for it"
cracatoa	Not Recommended	83.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/cracatoa/	Clunky, unresponsive controls.  5 minutes of scenes and jabbering to play less than 5 minutes of basketball.  Horribly slow progression not much better than Battleground 2 at launch.  2k Franchise is the epitome of a trash money grab.  I'm so glad that the EU is tearing these companies apart for their horrible practices.  Hopefully the US will get on board at some point and we can get back to having games instead of ATMs for game developers.
Asiantific	Not Recommended	40.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Asiantific/	nuo
Buckethead	Not Recommended	35.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198124477285/	"Don't get the game", I say this even though I actually do like the game.When it works that is, so far I haven't been able to start a single MyCareer without it deleting itself, MyLeague does the same, created players too, same with shoes. The only reason I have some hours on it is because a single Myleague file works. I tried contacting 2K support, however they have after almost 2 weeks only given an automated respons. This game physically does not work for me, and it might not for you either, so don't take the chance. Just don't buy it.
5upamayne	Not Recommended	853.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198080344664/	DO NOT BUY! Servers suck. its impossible to beat myteam modes, you have to pay a boatload to upgrade yorr VC, there are cheaters on pc and they don't even respond when trying to contact them. 0 stars, worst 2k as of yet. if you beat a team in domination of freaking allstars by 20 points you somehow still lose the game. terrible. fix this. 0/10 or 0/5 the worst game.
markdavidzerrudo	Not Recommended	57.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198320162737/	Myleague was crashing when everytime i play please fix it NBA2k team
PerverseStew	Not Recommended	15.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198037478789/	Give me rookie in career or I'm done with 2k forever
Onstagecloud	Not Recommended	62.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198848769936/	wait until the game is really on sale
MAGIC8PAUL	Not Recommended	148.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/magic8paul/	All about that VC.R.E.A.M
MABs	Not Recommended	257.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mehmetalperb/	If you could fix the servers eveything would be amazing. The game is really improved since last year. Graphics are amazing game play is amazing but the servers ... Its been years that 2k has the server problems and they are doing nothing about it. Just ignoring it. If you are interesting in playing offline then go for it but if you wanna play park, neighborhood most of the time you will get connection errors and the game will crush.
meep.nT	Not Recommended	338.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/domkkius/	Online this game is a desaster. SO many bugs, so many issues. This is not how a triple A game like NBA 2K19 is supposed to run in 2018. Trash product but the only decent option for a basketball simulation. Not even talking about online servers. 
SonicNut	Not Recommended	1.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/OfficerJenkins/	horrible
VACcerino xD	Not Recommended	172.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TheRealRAIKU/	Curry can't shoot from 60 feet. Uninstalled.Edit: I nominated this game in Steam Awards to have the "best developer" category. All you who have played this series for a long time know that that's totally tr-true. Let's vote 2K to win this important award!
Davidisthemovie	Not Recommended	10.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/davidisthemovie/	Once again 2K puts out another game that is way too hard for the average player. Unless  you want to spend hundreds of hours "grinding" to get your player to an acceptable level of performance or spend $$ to buy more VC, your player will continue to be garbage. Once again the CPU defensive seems to be unshakeable think of getting Gorilla glue stuck to your fingers.... Yeah not fun. Shooting continues to be garbage not enough room for error when you are first starting out. Like I mentioned above unless you enjoy the grind or enjoy dropping real dollars for virtual dollars this game sucks. One thing I would say they improved is being able to jump through cut scenes but now especially in Mycareer the story is hella long I just want to play.
BeadoG7	Not Recommended	14.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198046001484/	Can barely play, constant crashes and im running on an 8700k with a 1080ti. Don't buy.
956403317	Not Recommended	134.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198105454030/	垃圾游戏，比2k18还坑，千万别买，如果真的想玩别买468的
PaTriotaS	Not Recommended	299.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ggmttfsasadfas/	This game is trash asf. Last year atleast u got blowbys, this year it's impossible to get by and even if u shoot a wide open shot u ♥♥♥♥ing brick while other team is scoring everything on heavily contested. Good game 2K, I paid 60€ for this garbage.
hill	Not Recommended	74.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198196963461/	我是傻逼
ThatsWho	Not Recommended	0.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198118061559/	This is and embarrassment of a game...smh looks like minecraft with all of the pixels. I could run this game on my game boy color
Solid Snake	Not Recommended	60.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198076577419/	HotPotatoBall2k19 (Only review for normal 5 on 5 games, no Mycareer or Park)Game is definitely more difficult (which should be a good thing after Arcade2k18) but for the wrong reasons:-Way too many steals and turnovers (CPU aswell). You don't even have to play on-ball-defense to do a steal. Just take the center, lean back and enjoy. I once had 5 steals with MJ in 10 minutes...without a second playing with him on the defensive end. But as easy as it is for you on defense the offense gets much more painful. Every defender is prime Gary Payton. Let yourself touch by an above average defender and you're gonna drop the ball like it's hot. Iso-ing was way too easy last year but now it's nearly impossible (unless you play with a superstar).-Pick & Roll/Pops are basically useless. Screen position and timing are mostly terrible and if not the CPU never gets stuck anyway.-Playcalling is useless. 9 out of 10 times your teammate is too dumb and slow to get himself open. Also the playvision layout (lines, circles etc. when running a play) took a huge downgrade. -Freethrows have become the Andre Drummond challenge. Now you can easily miss 2 FTs with a 96 FT shooter if your timing is a bit off. Wouldn't be that big of a deal if the CPU didn't always make 95% of their FTs like it always has been the case.-Weird animations and unfluid/inconsistent pace. Especially when running Pick&Rolls and fastbreaks. Players would sometimes randomly stop sprinting and continue to jog to the basket (despite the stamina being at least half full). Iceskating is still a thing (more than last year even).-Isolation is broken. Often times when I press Iso nothing happens and players just stand around.They could improve it a bit with some patches but I honestly doubt it as the flaws are too fundamental. Game feels like Early Access (and plays nothing like the console version judging on all those gameplay vids on yt). I'd rather skip this one or at least wait until a patch comes out that improves gameplay.
Čofi Ćevapi	Not Recommended	174.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198016548155/	At first I thought wow, they patched blowby animation they patched snatchback, there are less cheaters, but no everything is the same its just that they reskined it and took the game speed sliders and lowered them to 25%. This is truly a NBA2k18.1. 
lukanas17	Not Recommended	140.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/notlukanas17/	 I didn't bought this game for myCareer myTeam or anything like that I just bought to have a great game to play with my friends and dear God it's nothing like that.You know the game is buggy, not balanced and just full of wtf moments when you're frustrated even when you're winning.Steals - oh my f. God steals are the most frustrating thing in this game yeah in 2k18 it was really hard to steal but this ? What I don't understand is it doesn't matter who has a ball a center like Capela or one of the best ball handlers in the game Kylie Irving(actually most of the times he's with the most turn overs) and don't get me wrong I'm not ball hogging with them or anything I just get inbound pass and my friends stands to me and just spam that stupid button and somehow that's make my PG lose a ball(same after rebounds) and I'm always afraid to pass because its like everytime it's a steal because of steal button mashing.Free throws - how the flying f. You calculate if it's going in or not ? Because its not with % of a player let me tell you that every game I miss at least 3-4 free throws from 8-10 with a player that throws free throws 88-90% wtf?And just basically all the bugs, losing balls out of nowhere, stupid unblockable dunk animations AND IDIOTIC UNSKIPLABLE CUTSCENES(yeah developers what I wanna do is look at where were the points where coming from the most for OKC last season in the middle of intense game) and even the skippable ones are cancer( like halftime show) because you have to wait(by wait I mean smash your button) for 5-10secs for you to be able to skip it. Lol.I could talk more and more about so many negative things this game has for ONLY ONE MODE I'm playing(God help me I'm not trying others) but the main thing is just STAY AWAY from this game as far as possible and buy something nice with that money, hey you deserved it.
five	Not Recommended	70.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198103127470/	Trash game. You can never make a three when you face the HOF level AI unless you use GSW.
Alhamdulallah	Not Recommended	22.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/spacelawyer/	As of right now my refund is pending since i didnt get any of my Anniversary edition bonuses. None at all , waste of 100 dollars, this is ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and i cant take it anymore
Baugoti	Not Recommended	130.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197980171875/	Normally like to write full reviews as to why its a thumbs down.. but.. buggy. microtransaction filled mess.Why did I do this to myself :/
castorpuck	Not Recommended	127.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197972487363/	I can't purchase any upgrades, and all my earned VC is gone! THIS IS BULL♥♥♥♥♥♥
✪ EL Patron	Not Recommended	497.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jjfp12/	Still no ANTI CHEAT SYSTEM
雷万好	Not Recommended	133.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198149615449/	Please Fix ur Game. Myteam always saying Attempting Restore connection until DC then automatically Lose the game.. how's that? fix the online gaming. and it will be great
kace.21	Not Recommended	34.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198384314758/	Again and again and again no chances to score anything. Opponents throwing anything and they score. You throwing 20 times and score maybe one time. They never make any mistakes living you alone just with basket. Nba2k series starts to annoy me.
雷万好	Not Recommended	133.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198149615449/	Please Fix ur Game. Myteam always saying Attempting Restore connection until DC then automatically Lose the game.. how's that? fix the online gaming. and it will be great
RapaceN	Not Recommended	50.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/RapaceN/	Its 2k18 slightly better, you would be better off programming your own game at this point.Please do not buy this game if you have 2k18. Buy the normal edition if you dont want to play career or mysteam.
treycox33	Not Recommended	13.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198021226205/	Shoot meter is broken, Ive been playing 2K since it's introduction and couldn't shoot beter than 24%. Same with freethrows. Once again you have to run all over the place to do anything meaningful. No roohie setting for beginners ( wanted let my daughter start a character) casual players. Ai is way too good, frustrated me to rage quit several times.
Jord4nnnn	Not Recommended	93.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/nenadedt/	Very poor. Expected better.
Ransu	Not Recommended	100.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/oftheboss/	Product received for free
JohnnyJenkins	Not Recommended	216.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198233540804/	Bought game that I can't even launch despite meeting official minimum requirements. Is it due tu CPU or whatever else doesn't matter. Disgrace and outrageous. Theft.
kurobo	Not Recommended	130.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198233799540/	Game is crashing so bad, cannot play a match as it is crash everytime.
Thebabarracus	Not Recommended	0.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198188861797/	Product received for free
The Flying Jewman	Not Recommended	285.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/henrysam06/	This game has such good potential!  Unfortiontaley 2k has either forgotten about or doesnt care about their pc community.  All of this could be fixed if crossplatform play were enabled.  Even if just the MyTeam auction house was cross platform gameplay would be increased dramatically.
Some_New_Guy	Not Recommended	0.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SomeNewGuy/	could not even play a game. froze and crashed every time the pre show finished loading
Icemenas	Not Recommended	105.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/icemenas/	Unfinished product. My league online is unplayable.
Yuri The Worst	Recommended	276.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/yuritheworst/	Anything single player is great. Best basketball sim out there PERIOD. Online... Very fun and rewarding, until the moment ur playing against hackers. Hackers break this great game to a point where I question if I'll ever buy another 2k game again.  
HMM_7	Not Recommended	28.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198246971294/	unbelievable defence and it so hard to pass them , i lost 90% of my career games
Jackie23Chan	Not Recommended	2.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198374467086/	This game has horrible optimization.. My laptop is overkill for running the game but I can't even get 20+ fps on the menus, and keep in mind I was using low settings. 2K18 would always run at 60+ fps for me on max settings! I would also like to mention the BS microtransactions, ♥♥♥♥ you 2K for keeping VC attribute upgrades in the game! All they want is money, and they won't be getting mine anymore.
💩SHIT💩	Not Recommended	194.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/lukasbukevicius/	Pros&ConsProsit is a basketball game.Cons 1. R.e.t.a.r.d.e.d micro transactions2. R.e.t.a.r.d.e.d gameplay (when you pick hall of fame difficulty defending becomes imposible becouse the enemy team will make like 60%-70% of their shoots only because your teamates will leave someone open for no reason and even when nobody is open and they shoot a contested jumpshot they will more likely make it then miss it)3. R.e.t.a.r.d.e.d online machmaking 4. R.e.t.a.r.d.e.d and cringy story2k is a company that i just cant stand and i wish that those pieces of shirt that runt it would ♥♥♥♥ing eat my shyyt
Great Gamer	Not Recommended	167.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TheTrumpiest/	The game has a lot of things that make it much worse than NBA 2k18. In NBA 2K19 the removed some of the best features that made the game easier to people who aren't that good at Nba 2k games. They removed the ability to blow by someone which means that to people who want less of a game with a need some kind of playmaking skill, they need to learn that skill. I tried MyTeam, and it was fun to do the triple threat singleplayer mode until I ran into a wall. Eventually, out of nowhere, a Lakers team filled with three overpowered players stomped all over my team. I could not figure out where the team was coming from since the other teams in that section were average present day teams. The MyCareer mode was interesting however the idea of most of the story in a prelude that isn't very long wasn't very appealing. I have yet to try the MyGM or MyLeague, but if those modes are like the rest of the game then there won't be much there. I played some play now against a friend, and found that it felt like they definitely boosted Stephen Curry. Last game I don't remember him being able to make every shot from 3 point range not including full court shots.
NDUT5	Not Recommended	139.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/MisterSniffles/	The reason why i give this a no its because its buggy as hell! i mean i love the game and all but the animation the controlls your character and all that stuff is sooo buggy.. for example im playing mycareer ive played for the pelicans and im playing againts the GSW or whatever right? few seconds later a random pause menu starts to pop up my screen over and over and over.. and i tried to do a layup instead goes for jumpshot. whenever i go to the cages or neighborhood to play on the court my fps starts dropping for no reason at all... i mean i cant play anything at all in this game. Also ive spent $100+ for this game and what did i get? bunch of bugs and BS! i feel like 2K doesnt give a crap about the PC community or any console or maybe they just dont give a crap about the 2k community at all! this game needs to be fixed alot! 2K if you read all the review about this game! I BEG YOU PLEASE READ IT OTHERWISE YOUR COSTUMER IS NOT HAPPY ABOUT THIS GAME AT ALL! and for those didnt experience the bugs ive had then good luck for you! and for those who have thats bad luck for you cuz 2K doesnt give a crap. all they do is ♥♥♥♥in' making you pay for bunch of ♥♥♥♥in' VC's and♥♥♥♥♥♥ If you about to buy for this game MAKE SURE you read the review first! dont just go and buy...
.froz3n	Not Recommended	32.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198142540249/	What is 2k actually doing the whole year?It feels like this game was done in 2 month: bugs,glitches,screen freezing,lags,don´t get what you paid for and no balance!!!Please don´t mistake this game for a good game...it really isn´t#scammedanotheryearEDIT:   You better watch out playing this game not to hurt yourself or hit your pc till it´s broke!I really get agressions while playing.Reasons for that are:-I think paying for this was a waste-the KI Defense is like you have MJ and Kobe + Kawhi Leonard guarding you at the same time... you´re not gonna get blocked or something BUT you´ll wanna die after noticing that you CAN´T get past defense!!!-You miss open layups-you´ll lose to KI in park cause they guard you like you´re 1 foot tall and rage quit-you´ll lose to other players (90 ovrl) that hit fade away 3s while beeing guarded thight-you´ll end up with a park record like 27 - 84 and quit like every other yearHope you don´t buy this game ;) thanks
Peter_TW	Recommended	65.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198141277423/	Review only for single player modes.MyCareer mode stepped up big time, cool story and new interaction scenes makes the experience more immersive compared to previous 2Ks. VC takes some grinding, so character progression may not feel impactful enough unless you put in extra hours. All in all pretty good single player sports game, probably not worth it for 60$, but 50% off is a good grab.
- block Hei	Not Recommended	169.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/524331184/	where is my fps ? got someone eat???????? dude gtx1080 even can't play in park pls buy 1000000000000$ gtx for this game :)))))))))))))))
xhongc19	Not Recommended	221.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/xhongc19/	The worst game ever in 2k series. Seriously, I can't even win one game in my career NBA. Ur opponents can just shoot right in front of u. Even u tried to block, they still gonna make it. If they got a open spot, just go in front because they will never miss any. Im just wondering. If they are really so good at this, then all nba players should be able to get 20ppg.  Also, what the heck are you guys thinking. We just had a Justice Young in 2017. And now we have another Young. And they have almost the same abilities. Just one is your teammate and one may not.
Kattex	Not Recommended	117.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198198048049/	Product received for free
Carey	Not Recommended	221.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Caarey102/	Plz repair SSE 4.1 promlem
Renan da Towner	Not Recommended	42.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198045244238/	I can't play this game in MyCareer mode because the servers always is offline in the final of the game. I need to play the same game at least three times to make it count. I don't know why but this game have the worst button positions, sometimes you just want to jump a video and appears a screen quickly and YOU QUIT THE GAME preesing the button to jump the video. This game is trully horrible.
Nummers	Not Recommended	18.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197969384176/	So many glitches that 2k had to notice before releasing this game, but still sold it as a finished product.
Nelbels	Not Recommended	52.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198122063304/	Game is HORRIBLE it doesnt even work. Cant connect to the servers or download game updates at all so you are stuck not being able to play MyCareer or Myteam..ect. All I can do is PLAY NOW which is trash considering I spent money on this for the story mode.
Skr冠军行2	Not Recommended	48.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198184117910/	You cann't auto match any players. Nobody is playing this game...including fast-game mode, My Team mode.It's totally a off-line game匹配不到任何人！ 
mackc1	Not Recommended	221.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198157767841/	MIcrotransaction for singleplayer modeSimulator getting out of control, which its easier to hit a three pointer then an semi-open layup and harder to make a wide open pull up than a contested set shot Rebounding doesnt make any height or geometric senseThe experience of MyCareer is underwhelming The start of the story mode of MyGM is way too long before starting MyTeam is decent, with some impovement by having more modes than previous editionBetter online experience like MyLeague and MyParkBut honestly, if you have NBA 2k18 , dont waste your money
DrTre	Not Recommended	109.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198406289341/	Gamplay is ok, the best option out there. The game is strait trash. I like to play myleague but everytime i close the game and reopen my saves have been corrupted. I have not heard anything from there staff.
drewbaby1414	Not Recommended	95.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kapaun/	I mean the game is awesome and runs wonderful on my gtx 1080 connected to my 3440x1440 but on my other pc with a gtx 1080ti on a 4k resolution it runs brutal. Stuttering and lag. When I mean stuttering i'm talking unplayable. I can't find a fix for it. So yeah the game is awesome but for my review I wish that I would have purchased it fror ps4 so it could work on my main display
KKZY	Not Recommended	127.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198175974317/	This is the most horrible nba 2k version. When I first palyed 2k19 I recommended to my frineds because 2K took some advices from 2k 18 like two different playing modes in MyLeague. However, I regretted immediately when I made the first shoot. After 42h playing time I make a big decision: NEVER PRE-ORDER 2K AGAIN.
Ibumetiins	Not Recommended	207.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198104898988/	At first the game didn't count single player weekly challenge wins for me, then triple threat and now domination. So as of this moment, single player is LITERALLY unplayable for me, since nothing that I win will be counted. It is so incredibly frustrating to grind through the game, sometimes not winning on the first try and end up with 0 progress. I've followed all instructions, I've been waiting days for 2k support answer.
Casejuh	Not Recommended	546.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Casejuh/	Pretty wrapper containing trash.Check other reviews for why online might be frustrating. I play offline almost exclusively, mostly just MyLeague for building a team kind of like a Franchise. There's so many bells and whistles that actually do nothing, so many features bugged, and so many players with broken tendencies. (AI refusing to dunk or shoot at all) You can set up a gameplan and sim a game and see that your star player may get a fraction of the minutes you assigned him, with no injury in sight. The simulation engine in general is pathetic, which also affects Online MyCareer players. Draft and free agency can sometimes break outright. I don't play MyGM because it's the same thing as MyLeague with more arbitrary constraints and tons of unskippable animations that drag out your downtime in-game. Whoever designed Simcast Live deserves to be slapped, that's all I can say about that feature.All game modes, online or offline, use the same exact currency from a profile wallet. This means that you are constantly starved of said currency, pressuring you to buy it for real cash. Want to upgrade your MyCareer player's Layup ability? Well that will cost you from the same currency pool that you use to buy cards/contracts for MyTeam players, the same currency pool you would have to use to upgrade your GM on MyGM, the same currency pool you would have to use to buy yourself a goddamn HAT to wear around the Neighborhood.It's just bad.
Carey	Not Recommended	221.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Caarey102/	Plz repair SSE 4.1 promlem
Renan da Towner	Not Recommended	42.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198045244238/	I can't play this game in MyCareer mode because the servers always is offline in the final of the game. I need to play the same game at least three times to make it count. I don't know why but this game have the worst button positions, sometimes you just want to jump a video and appears a screen quickly and YOU QUIT THE GAME preesing the button to jump the video. This game is trully horrible.
Ultraman Leo	Not Recommended	187.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/rackjasmussen/	Same pay to win foundation, same server and latency issues, same lack of polish. Unfortunately there's no competition in the basketball game sector so 2K can be complacent and keep scamming kids for that delicious VC money without consequence. Steam Community badge btw
Tostiz	Not Recommended	0.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Tostiz5/	online game can't found any.
KK布奇	Not Recommended	72.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198046251856/	This is trash.
Nelbels	Not Recommended	52.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198122063304/	Game is HORRIBLE it doesnt even work. Cant connect to the servers or download game updates at all so you are stuck not being able to play MyCareer or Myteam..ect. All I can do is PLAY NOW which is trash considering I spent money on this for the story mode.
Johnynaldo	Not Recommended	238.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/superpraseee/	This game is fuc**** Horrible ! So many bugs online and also offline ! 2K has in head only VC VC and money making or I dont understand WHY WHY is this game full of cheaters and bugs  for 4 years!( I started with 2K16 every year same sh** ) DONT BUY THIS GAME !
aarron233	Not Recommended	19.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/aarron233/	u hsve to hack to be able to make any shots and cheaters are rampent off line hacks are fun
Skr冠军行2	Not Recommended	48.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198184117910/	You cann't auto match any players. Nobody is playing this game...including fast-game mode, My Team mode.It's totally a off-line game匹配不到任何人！ 
DrTre	Not Recommended	109.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198406289341/	Gamplay is ok, the best option out there. The game is strait trash. I like to play myleague but everytime i close the game and reopen my saves have been corrupted. I have not heard anything from there staff.
drewbaby1414	Not Recommended	95.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kapaun/	I mean the game is awesome and runs wonderful on my gtx 1080 connected to my 3440x1440 but on my other pc with a gtx 1080ti on a 4k resolution it runs brutal. Stuttering and lag. When I mean stuttering i'm talking unplayable. I can't find a fix for it. So yeah the game is awesome but for my review I wish that I would have purchased it fror ps4 so it could work on my main display
jloher	Not Recommended	270.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198408919584/	I don't know why 2k made different tiers because once i made it to junior college level i can't find any matches.  I purchased this game to play against other people but hours of trying still can't find anyone to play.  This will be the last year i purchase 2k for pc.
mackc1	Not Recommended	221.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198157767841/	MIcrotransaction for singleplayer modeSimulator getting out of control, which its easier to hit a three pointer then an semi-open layup and harder to make a wide open pull up than a contested set shot Rebounding doesnt make any height or geometric senseThe experience of MyCareer is underwhelming The start of the story mode of MyGM is way too long before starting MyTeam is decent, with some impovement by having more modes than previous editionBetter online experience like MyLeague and MyParkBut honestly, if you have NBA 2k18 , dont waste your money
nox)	Not Recommended	167.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/nox_rain/	The offline experience is incredible this year. But online, this game is a desaster. SO many bugs, so many issues. This is not how a triple A game like NBA 2K19 is supposed to run in 2018. Trash product but the only decent option for a basketball simulation.
schnickschnuck	Not Recommended	27.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/datsnik/	myleague unplayable due to "corrupted save files"
Stockton	Not Recommended	121.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/barcaphilip/	mygm is the most tedious thing ever♥♥♥♥♥♥game dont buy it fellas.♥♥♥♥♥♥shit♥♥♥♥♥
nenjohb94	Not Recommended	38.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198862682236/	Wow, this game is really bad. Was hoping to pick back up after missing out on the last few 2K's and I must say not even an hour into this game I don't like it. The MyGM mode is so long and drawn out. Not to mention the game's already crashed twice in 24 hours of having, with no indication of an error message.
Inkorekt	Not Recommended	130.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/CheeseyMacaroni/	This game is so P2W that the game's price should be 49.99$(+Another 2k bucks if you want to actually have fun and be good)Respect to the people that tought of this P2W system because it's pretty well made and it will definetly make some cheese.Now for real the P2W is over the top did u partener with EA.I won't even get started on the bugs and cheese of this game.Big men with 25 Open three hit halfcourt step-back threes and 99 Ovr Standing Layup bigs mis the rim on wide open layups.If the game wants yopu to lose then you lose.You can't do absolutely nothing.Definetly not buying again
PredatorZy	Not Recommended	271.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198069202805/	Trash
ansvver	Not Recommended	212.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198002415304/	It's unbeliavable that an online's game doesn't have any anticheaters system, online is full of bug too, this is not basket.Balls stolen repeatedly without committing fouls, passages intercepted simply over the arms any archetype becomes the best goalkeeper, if someone jump on you, you're going to lose ball instead of being fouled, but I was tried to uninstall when I saw a player receive ball at the height of the bezel free throws, I saw him make  a pump fake and start in third time towards the basket without ball handling.But beyond these s.h.i.t. that they'll fix in 2k20 maybe because that 2k software house made of s.h.i.t. use  his customer for beta tester,  the biggest problem remains the cheating that will never fix since a certain ronnie 2k said, I quote his textual words: "well, at least on PC the game can be more balanced because they can cheating all"! !!!!!!!I wonder that this gentleman still has a reputation in the 2k!
Bonjourzic	Not Recommended	469.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/bonjourzic/	ALL IS ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T
avatart0ph	Not Recommended	166.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198003601057/	i am very very disappointed with this game especially PC (laptop) platform 1. I can go only as high as 1280x720. If i went to 1920x1080 it stutters and lags. I already tried changing the graphics card from intel to nvidia (i apparently had 2), it still doesnt work2. the controls are horrible. everything is used at the assumption you are using a controller. So here I was, figuring out how to exit the menu. There is no help!!This is my first time returning a game. I am extremely disappointed.
Fenix	Not Recommended	121.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198096432283/	This game is a pay to win scam that purposefully puts actual, fun gameplay behind a pay wall. I had taken a few years off from it after 2k16 and wanted to try it again as I love NBA and myplayer. Now, you have to spend $20 just to have skills sufficient to not turn it over on a wim.The intro story is contrived and it all amounts to a good idea that has been cut up into multiple price tags to buy an enjoyable experience. The passing mechanic is a joke, the shooting mechanic is a joke, defense is a joke, passing to AI shooters that cannot hit open shots whereas opposing teams sink every immaginable shot.Skip purchasing this and play one of the older versions not linked to the online support for any My Player experience. I have spent 90+ hours on it and it is literally getting less enjoyable as I go on.
mco301301	Not Recommended	57.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198146458504/	They put legitimate effort into MyGM and it shows. However the gameplay is still extremely flawed and just so janky and random. Try again next year, this ones just not worth the $60
TannerNanner	Not Recommended	120.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198113361218/	its proably the most annoying game i ever played.
Chester	Not Recommended	189.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198033929381/	Still huge amount of microtransactions, very time-consuming grind in MyCareer. Cheaters online. New, worse than in 2018 gameplay, slow play, a ton of hand checking pushes on defense, paint-play oriented, even when you change sliders. A ton of fouls. Dev's focus strictly on online modes, CPU is just broken. Online play is full of tryhards, crashes to desktop, stutters and errors which are yet to be fixed. This game is recommended only for people of very high patience but if you just want to try and play offline, buy 2k18 or a console and NBA Live. Worse 2k I played and I've played A LOT of 2k since 2k9.
FriedRiceGod	Not Recommended	59.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198041989115/	I'm just going to get to the meat and the cheese of my issues here. I will start off by mentioning that for most people there isn't that big of a difference in terms of gameplay. In the my career mode 2k FINALLY has give an option to allow players to skip CERTAIN cutscenes but its not like you skip them all at a time, After you skip a cutscene it just go into the next cutscene segment like your just trying to avoid certain parts of the story, not the whole damn thing. Whoever found the voice actors for the chinese parts should also be fired, what kind of atrocious accent do you use for a part of the game that most people are going to want to skip anyways. Adding skippable cutscenes is one thing but then 2k has the audacity to make us play unskippable 'mini-games' that have no effect on the story and are not fun in the first place. Also the whole not letting players max out their characters, there should be better ways of doing it like unlocking 99 overall in 2 seasons or something, its really freaking stupid being a starter on a team and playing against 85+ overalls being a 70 something overall.The online has many many issues. The designer of the roulette idea for locker codes should be immediately fired and put under investigation. As if buying packs isn't bad enough you have to actually incorporate gambling into your game that most certainly doesnt have the correct rating to even include mild gambling. On top of that the servers are absolute garbage to play 5 on 5. Also in order to unlock the auction house you have to first win a 5 on 5 game using your absolutely garbage servers. It also has to be a 5 on 5 unlimited, in which the ones most willing to play with garbage servers are people with incredibly nice teams, that they have either through pay to win or since they cheesed their way into unlocking the auction house or the servers glitched out and they got a free win. Even with the stuff that is worth looking foward to like Brandon roy being playable online, and historic draft classes, 2k does not have an excuse on why they couldn't have added them in a past game when the community essentially already had both of these things created in past 2k games. Again no charles barkley either, just because 2k is too cheap to give 1 million dollars to the retired players organization, 1 million which they have easily reached from vc sells alone.
Disco Ninja	Not Recommended	46.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198083348884/	Definitely last NBA 2k game i bought, goodbye!
clmoreno05	Not Recommended	720.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198200275718/	Balance issues aside, the gameplay is actually pretty solid.  Every other aspect of this game (management, VC, forced presentation, etc.) is absolutely disgusting.  I wish there was a 10 point system so I could give this game a 1/10 instead of just a thumbs down.edit:  Quite addictive though.
Jeaneh	Not Recommended	118.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198130742703/	I never post for anything but this game is straight out garbage trash. It's bad enough that the game consists of 90% in game purchases but makes it worse than when you DO buy the VC's to up your stats your player is still straight out garbage. No love for this game other than the pretty pictures.
superbsammy62	Not Recommended	275.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198126005913/	Like the other thousands of reviews on this game its going to be bad. 2K on pc is filled with cheaters. There is no anti cheat and cheaters get away with everything. 2K would rather fix a VC glitch than make an anti cheat for cheaters. There is also no game chat which sucks. If you are losing to a hacker you would think you could talk♥♥♥♥♥♥to him for cheating like a ♥♥♥♥♥ but you cant. The cheaters will make their names the boxes so you cant add them and talk♥♥♥♥♥♥or report them. I love this game i play it everyday but the cheaters make me so mad. Once you figure out who the cheaters are you simply dont play them and constantly dodge them. But there is a small 2k community so it is hard to find a game. ive lost about 100 games to hackers and thats no exaggeration. Buy the game if you love 2k, switch to console for a fair experience.
oguachuba4	Not Recommended	377.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198395345045/	Can somebody help.I cant connect for some reason. Everytime i press connect it keeps saying i have to be signed in to access this feature. I preordered the standard version. is there a way you can sign in to your myplayer account in the game?
Ghost	Not Recommended	217.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198053841681/	On god they gotta chill with the VC.
TENGILL	Not Recommended	17.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/tengill/	I was loving this game, i even got the 20th Anniversary Edition, but then they had to F it up.I am done, game uninstalled and i wont be back.I thought EA where the big d*cks, guess i will have to add 2K to that list.
看情况213	Not Recommended	43.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/FREDISALLIN/	Why I bought this game? Why would I buy 2K19 after being fooled by 2K18?All right, here are the reasons from one of the top comments in Chinese, I’m with that guy:1.I love NBA & basketball2.EA sucksAfter I finish the first chapter in China(6h), what I’m playing is just NBA2K18, even worse. At least players got Bubu in 2K18, though he was annoying. Yes, Cory Harris is proved he’s a dumb after AI joined the league, and the girl friend no longer shows. I don’t want to say Young, same as Harris.Oh, as for AI, WHAT AN IRONYThe AI teammates shows how stupid they are.They don’t know how to use the players’ pick, and when players get the ball, they just stand where they are and watching you, and they don’t know what foul strategy is at the end of the game.I can predict story for the next MC“2K18”+“Undrafted→Euro League(or others)→D-L→NBA”= 2K20 Farewell, de-motivated NBA2K 
Steven	Not Recommended	441.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/biggfishh/	Don't get it mistaken, I love basketball more than this game personally, so it's very easy for me to play.2K needs to fix on-ball defense bad, this year is it's worst installment in terms of defending. Offline feels like ice-skating and online is just input lag sharpshooter cheese. There's a reason most Play Now people just do off-ball and sit on their center, because it is IMPOSSIBLE to replicate the lock down defense that the AI constantly applies to you. It just isn't consistent, and unless your build has 85+ speed/acceleration you will feel like you have cinderblocks instead of feet.Another aspect worth mentioning is the endless amounts of filler between your PLAYER and getting to PLAY. The constant locker room scenes, having to advance to the court four different times, the five seconds after timeouts that can't be skipped. Skippable cutscenes (which should have been a thing anyways) aren't consistent and you will be forced to sit through post-game interviews with little variety to your options, fans, VC or chemistry.2K has some of the the most dedicated fans when it comes to playtime/play length, and they should respect those people by putting in some sort of way to limit presentation. It's nice and all, but when you're grinding that 82-game season, you really start to not give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about the pre-game shootaround or the half-times and constant press interviews when you're halfway through the season and just want to play the game you've spent over 100 dollars on.
Microchip	Not Recommended	0.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198025596010/	Terrible PC adaptation.
zeroralle	Not Recommended	313.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197994892253/	AAA-Game + massive Microtransactions + lots of (long known) Bugs
juancol452	Not Recommended	185.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198239169484/	The My GM mode is broken.
Rin	Not Recommended	18.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197993825503/	Microtrasactons are appalling. I was not expecting server issues to be fix so not a suprise that there still here. Cheaters are still here not a suprise, honestly it's already boring and haven't enjoyed it.
GowerTower	Not Recommended	2.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/gowertower/	DO NOT BUY! Terrible graphics and performance. On my rig I can runthe Witcher 3 on high to ultra with no problem. Yet this game can't function without bieng on the lowest graphics and even then gameplay is slow and major delays between when you push the button and when it happens
SVJ Erebus	Not Recommended	443.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198336403560/	the gameplay is okay. You need to pay 200k vc just to open a pack that is not guaranteed your gonna get the featured players. 60$ game just to pay more in game. ♥♥♥♥♥♥ server. can't play my park or rec because of the stupid hackers. 
A$$ COLD K1LLA	Not Recommended	55.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/bunnyrabb1t/	This is totally a 5h1,t, you mulfukers never wanna improve it, you mulfukers only wanna get more fk1ng dollars.
W Gameplay	Not Recommended	124.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/wgameplay2k/	I love this game, but the server is crap, so fckng CRAP. On MyTeam I spent, 400 bucks already, but the server really pisses me off. This is a good game to be honest but the server is really trash. Online game will crash on the FCCCKING end, Like when I beat an almost all pink diamond team, then suddenly 1 minute remaining, the game FCCCKING crash and the game said that that game will not be counted. Pure SHT, Bull SHT. But I still play this game though, please fix the server.
oguachuba4	Not Recommended	377.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198395345045/	Can somebody help.I cant connect for some reason. Everytime i press connect it keeps saying i have to be signed in to access this feature. I preordered the standard version. is there a way you can sign in to your myplayer account in the game?
Ghost	Not Recommended	217.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198053841681/	On god they gotta chill with the VC.
TENGILL	Not Recommended	17.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/tengill/	I was loving this game, i even got the 20th Anniversary Edition, but then they had to F it up.I am done, game uninstalled and i wont be back.I thought EA where the big d*cks, guess i will have to add 2K to that list.
TENGILL	Not Recommended	17.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/tengill/	I was loving this game, i even got the 20th Anniversary Edition, but then they had to F it up.I am done, game uninstalled and i wont be back.I thought EA where the big d*cks, guess i will have to add 2K to that list.
Microchip	Not Recommended	0.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198025596010/	Terrible PC adaptation.
Techen Ultima	Not Recommended	163.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198124856959/	I will be honest about this game and the review. I do not recommend anyone buying 2K19. I have not played 2K since 2K15 because I knew the rest were not worth the money and weren't really upgrades other than the story. In 2K19, 2K pretty much took a step back making an unbelievably easy, basic and noticibly short story that probably took a day to write and a month to impliment. For the money 2K makes and the time to upgrade (at least for me) since 2K15, 2K is a huge disappointment. I was surprised to see many issues that existed in 2K15 still exist in 2K19. Also to make this clear I have an Alienware R4 (with high specs) and the best internet you can buy speedwise. I will list off the issues I have with this game below:1) Prepare to D/C like you never have before and lose VC in mycareer games.  2) Mypark is heavily underpopulated and the Jordan Rec Centre is virtually unusable 3) stealing the ball into the backcourt still leads to a backcourt vialation4) VC is heavily required to enjoy this game so be prepared to pay $60-$120 real dollars on top of the game price if you value your health and time otherwise you'll be grinding for a year or more to get everything you want5) The story in mycareer is unbelievably lazy mainly because it's so short6) There is no depth to my career (buying cars, having to pick your house, having to pick your significant other or even having one after the prelude or having AI males and female walk around or even cheer you on in aspects to mypark, no AI when people are not there to run in mypark)7) The base price (not including VS) is far too high for a game that is relevant only for a year and is respectively the same game every year with minor upgrades to graphics)8) You are punished in obvious ways in mycareer for grinding VC instead of buying it such as stats causing you to miss open jumpshots, layups and dunks any bench warmer in the nba and even elementry kids could make. Furthermore your team, even if it is the GSW will likely lose most of their games because of you even if you're only playing 1min a game9) You are punished for trying to find perfectly legal ways to grind for VC faster and in some cases I have heard some people have been banned or temperarily banned for doing so.10) No matter how garbage you are in mycareer (shooting 10% from the field) the cast will talk well about you and you will make it into the nba and it will almost feel like the you're being treated as some idiot by the 2K creators as it will be obvious to you everything in the storyline was geared towards you buying all of your VC. If you grind you will hate the storyline because you will come to realise it wasn't meant for people who grind. 11) You are punished needlessly in mycareer teammate grade when you help defense, go rebound, are late on defense even if your player was hurt/slow to get up or anything else that gets you away from your dender with  the "left assignment" warning that kills your grade even if you made the right real life play. 12) The defense in this game is rediculously unrealistic. Even if you went by the defender he will catch up like sonic the hedge hog and block your way to the basket or he will be in the post and somehow defend against your 3pt shot leading to a "bad shot" grade. 13) There is too much will in this game and patterns that will cause you to purposely miss when the computer deems fit such as in drills for shooting in practise, if could have the shooting gage almost perfect and miss and then half full and make the shot because the PC is trying to make compensate which is rediculous. 14) Assists are bad in this game, the defender may dribble 3-4 times and you get the assist or never dribble and but take to long to shoot and you don't get the assist.*But most frustrating to me is simply that beating the defender off the dribble does nothing because the game will purposely put an invisible wall infront of you so that the defender can catch upThere are many more things I didn't even mention here but if I listed all of these it would take forever to read. Nevertheless  2K19 is a terrible game, with pyramid scheme like tactics and trickery. The 2K team did a lot of lying about how the game would be this year in terms of VC and other things and honestly should be held accountable. For those who have not bought this game, please don't. No mattery how pretty a package it seems like, you will be left disappointed most of the time and if you are in school, especially do not buy this game. This will be my last 2K game without a doubt as there are only so many lies a person can handle. 2K15 was also disappointing with their horrible nonexisting playoff bracket display in mycareer but this game is by far the worst of the year and reminds me of the lying Atari did with Rollercoaster Tycoon World. Just remember that GTA 5 cost about as much as this game on release, and now is going for like 20 dollars where as even 2K17 is still selling at full price, that is the greed of 2K.  So think about it, does this even compare to a game of that magnitiude and then make your choice. So please heed my warning and see the wisdom in my review and stay away from this game.
harpake	Not Recommended	24.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/harpake/	I often wonder about the people who made NBA2K crush EA in basketball by creating the best sports game on the market. What do they think about the turn this franchise has taken to be the pinnacle of predatory business practices. No doubt they're not working at 2K anymore and won't ever see any profit from the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t 2K has built on top of their hard work. This game has cancer. While it lives for now there will come a day where it has to be surgically removed or it dies.This game has a good foundation and can be enjoyed in single player if you can ignore the microtransaction manipulation they spin on you. Online this game is a dumpster fire.
Scientist X	Not Recommended	67.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/scientistx/	Love everything about this game except the ♥♥♥♥ing greedy♥♥♥♥♥micro transactions.♥♥♥♥ 2KThey ♥♥♥♥ed up GTA Online with micro transactions ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and NBA2k is down the drain with an amazing gameplay filled with trash micro tansactions and User experience in general.
Sausage of Destiny	Not Recommended	63.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198024282268/	Read this review if you are looking for a satisfying single-player story experience, a sports RPG with satisfying player progression. This game in its current state, WILL NOT GIVE YOU THIS EXPERIENCE.I'm done with this franchise. Look at my game library and you'll see that I've bought every title since 2k13 (except for 2k18 which was CRIMINALLY blatant with their VC nonsense). I've sunk thousands of hours into this franchise (MyCareer specifically) I'm f-ing done.It hurts me because the fundamental game is the greatest basketball game ever created. The mechanics are wonderful, the animations are so varied and expressive, the dunks are satisfying, the crossovers are elegant, LBJ, Curry, KD don't just look like their real counterparts, they move and FEEL like them.BUT for MyCareer fans, this is marred by just about the most unsatisfyingly, and unreasonably grindy same I've played. My dream is to be able to experience MyCareer with a proper, reasonable progression. I'm a simple man, I just want to make my own basketball legend. But because your MyCareer guy is the same guy you go to the park and play online with, my progression in my single-player experience is affected by the online VC economy, which is messed up because people hack, and people spend money buying additional currency. Because of this inflation of 99 OVRs running around, 2k has to make progression harder, make progressions slow to a CRAWL. I won't even give my own example of how GRINDY this game is. Just trawl through the other negative reviews, or the countless forum posts of horror stories about how people with high OVRs spend days raising it by one point. It's ridiculous that I'm a 70 OVR and I'm in the top 3 MVP candidates alongside LBJ, KD, AD etc, all above 90 OVRs.I'm not principally against grind. I played a lot of MMORPGs in my time, and grind can be enjoyable. But this is not fun, not sustainable, and this is taking the money because you can. BTW this game is not free, nor is it discounted. It's a full-price AAA game. In-game transactions are RIDICULOUS. We already paid damn near $80 for this, you want me to pay MORE so I can be 99 OVR because it's impossible to work our way up to it naturally? Go screw.By the way, you also cannot properly take this character OFFLINE even though it's technically possible, because 2K limits the Offline experience. I'm DONE 2k, this blatant exploitation of your customers will not help you in the long run, so grab the money while you still can.
k1m2on	Not Recommended	36.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/k1m2on/	I bought this game to play online and it takes too long to get matched up. I want to just play on the play now online games but it doesn't seem like anyone really plays that mode anymore. I've had issues with lag and some graphics issues. The grind in the other modes is really no joke.
Vulacior	Not Recommended	323.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/nunurized/	Improvement over the last year, but it would be difficult to make a game be any worse than 2K18 was. If you buy the game, the main gamemode is MyCareer, if you want to play online, you basically have to pay 50 bucks to improve your character to an 85 OVR rating, otherwise your character is garbage, which would be bad enough on its own. People literally avoid playing with you like the plague, if you haven't bought the improvements, because your team will be at such a massive disadvantage. The most played gamemode, park, has anywhere from 250ms-500ms delay. Constantly. Besides MyCareer, MyTeam is also extremely pay-to-win. It's essentially a rip off of FIFA's Ultimate Team, but somehow even more micro transaction dependant.Besides those 2. Essentially no interesting game modes. They've abandoned MyGM and MyLeague a while ago.And if you want to make a new archetype, because you decided the first one you made wasn't to your liking, that's right another 50 dollars.That all being said, somehow it's still the best basketball game out there.
Primo29	Not Recommended	86.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/gabservillon/	Don't buy this game, this game is a waste of money no matter what discount they give you. Play My Career mode and wait for your player to get deleted. Yes they can retrieve the Overall ranking and all but the fact that you have to start over again and can't even complete a single season. This is a waste of money.
Hannah Montana	Not Recommended	0.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197964960469/	No. Just no.
Techen Ultima	Not Recommended	163.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198124856959/	I will be honest about this game and the review. I do not recommend anyone buying 2K19. I have not played 2K since 2K15 because I knew the rest were not worth the money and weren't really upgrades other than the story. In 2K19, 2K pretty much took a step back making an unbelievably easy, basic and noticibly short story that probably took a day to write and a month to impliment. For the money 2K makes and the time to upgrade (at least for me) since 2K15, 2K is a huge disappointment. I was surprised to see many issues that existed in 2K15 still exist in 2K19. Also to make this clear I have an Alienware R4 (with high specs) and the best internet you can buy speedwise. I will list off the issues I have with this game below:1) Prepare to D/C like you never have before and lose VC in mycareer games.  2) Mypark is heavily underpopulated and the Jordan Rec Centre is virtually unusable 3) stealing the ball into the backcourt still leads to a backcourt vialation4) VC is heavily required to enjoy this game so be prepared to pay $60-$120 real dollars on top of the game price if you value your health and time otherwise you'll be grinding for a year or more to get everything you want5) The story in mycareer is unbelievably lazy mainly because it's so short6) There is no depth to my career (buying cars, having to pick your house, having to pick your significant other or even having one after the prelude or having AI males and female walk around or even cheer you on in aspects to mypark, no AI when people are not there to run in mypark)7) The base price (not including VS) is far too high for a game that is relevant only for a year and is respectively the same game every year with minor upgrades to graphics)8) You are punished in obvious ways in mycareer for grinding VC instead of buying it such as stats causing you to miss open jumpshots, layups and dunks any bench warmer in the nba and even elementry kids could make. Furthermore your team, even if it is the GSW will likely lose most of their games because of you even if you're only playing 1min a game9) You are punished for trying to find perfectly legal ways to grind for VC faster and in some cases I have heard some people have been banned or temperarily banned for doing so.10) No matter how garbage you are in mycareer (shooting 10% from the field) the cast will talk well about you and you will make it into the nba and it will almost feel like the you're being treated as some idiot by the 2K creators as it will be obvious to you everything in the storyline was geared towards you buying all of your VC. If you grind you will hate the storyline because you will come to realise it wasn't meant for people who grind. 11) You are punished needlessly in mycareer teammate grade when you help defense, go rebound, are late on defense even if your player was hurt/slow to get up or anything else that gets you away from your dender with  the "left assignment" warning that kills your grade even if you made the right real life play. 12) The defense in this game is rediculously unrealistic. Even if you went by the defender he will catch up like sonic the hedge hog and block your way to the basket or he will be in the post and somehow defend against your 3pt shot leading to a "bad shot" grade. 13) There is too much will in this game and patterns that will cause you to purposely miss when the computer deems fit such as in drills for shooting in practise, if could have the shooting gage almost perfect and miss and then half full and make the shot because the PC is trying to make compensate which is rediculous. 14) Assists are bad in this game, the defender may dribble 3-4 times and you get the assist or never dribble and but take to long to shoot and you don't get the assist.*But most frustrating to me is simply that beating the defender off the dribble does nothing because the game will purposely put an invisible wall infront of you so that the defender can catch upThere are many more things I didn't even mention here but if I listed all of these it would take forever to read. Nevertheless  2K19 is a terrible game, with pyramid scheme like tactics and trickery. The 2K team did a lot of lying about how the game would be this year in terms of VC and other things and honestly should be held accountable. For those who have not bought this game, please don't. No mattery how pretty a package it seems like, you will be left disappointed most of the time and if you are in school, especially do not buy this game. This will be my last 2K game without a doubt as there are only so many lies a person can handle. 2K15 was also disappointing with their horrible nonexisting playoff bracket display in mycareer but this game is by far the worst of the year and reminds me of the lying Atari did with Rollercoaster Tycoon World. Just remember that GTA 5 cost about as much as this game on release, and now is going for like 20 dollars where as even 2K17 is still selling at full price, that is the greed of 2K.  So think about it, does this even compare to a game of that magnitiude and then make your choice. So please heed my warning and see the wisdom in my review and stay away from this game.
k1m2on	Not Recommended	36.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/k1m2on/	I bought this game to play online and it takes too long to get matched up. I want to just play on the play now online games but it doesn't seem like anyone really plays that mode anymore. I've had issues with lag and some graphics issues. The grind in the other modes is really no joke.
Vulacior	Not Recommended	323.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/nunurized/	Improvement over the last year, but it would be difficult to make a game be any worse than 2K18 was. If you buy the game, the main gamemode is MyCareer, if you want to play online, you basically have to pay 50 bucks to improve your character to an 85 OVR rating, otherwise your character is garbage, which would be bad enough on its own. People literally avoid playing with you like the plague, if you haven't bought the improvements, because your team will be at such a massive disadvantage. The most played gamemode, park, has anywhere from 250ms-500ms delay. Constantly. Besides MyCareer, MyTeam is also extremely pay-to-win. It's essentially a rip off of FIFA's Ultimate Team, but somehow even more micro transaction dependant.Besides those 2. Essentially no interesting game modes. They've abandoned MyGM and MyLeague a while ago.And if you want to make a new archetype, because you decided the first one you made wasn't to your liking, that's right another 50 dollars.That all being said, somehow it's still the best basketball game out there.
harpake	Not Recommended	24.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/harpake/	I often wonder about the people who made NBA2K crush EA in basketball by creating the best sports game on the market. What do they think about the turn this franchise has taken to be the pinnacle of predatory business practices. No doubt they're not working at 2K anymore and won't ever see any profit from the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t 2K has built on top of their hard work. This game has cancer. While it lives for now there will come a day where it has to be surgically removed or it dies.This game has a good foundation and can be enjoyed in single player if you can ignore the microtransaction manipulation they spin on you. Online this game is a dumpster fire.
Scientist X	Not Recommended	67.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/scientistx/	Love everything about this game except the ♥♥♥♥ing greedy♥♥♥♥♥micro transactions.♥♥♥♥ 2KThey ♥♥♥♥ed up GTA Online with micro transactions ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and NBA2k is down the drain with an amazing gameplay filled with trash micro tansactions and User experience in general.
Sausage of Destiny	Not Recommended	63.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198024282268/	Read this review if you are looking for a satisfying single-player story experience, a sports RPG with satisfying player progression. This game in its current state, WILL NOT GIVE YOU THIS EXPERIENCE.I'm done with this franchise. Look at my game library and you'll see that I've bought every title since 2k13 (except for 2k18 which was CRIMINALLY blatant with their VC nonsense). I've sunk thousands of hours into this franchise (MyCareer specifically) I'm f-ing done.It hurts me because the fundamental game is the greatest basketball game ever created. The mechanics are wonderful, the animations are so varied and expressive, the dunks are satisfying, the crossovers are elegant, LBJ, Curry, KD don't just look like their real counterparts, they move and FEEL like them.BUT for MyCareer fans, this is marred by just about the most unsatisfyingly, and unreasonably grindy same I've played. My dream is to be able to experience MyCareer with a proper, reasonable progression. I'm a simple man, I just want to make my own basketball legend. But because your MyCareer guy is the same guy you go to the park and play online with, my progression in my single-player experience is affected by the online VC economy, which is messed up because people hack, and people spend money buying additional currency. Because of this inflation of 99 OVRs running around, 2k has to make progression harder, make progressions slow to a CRAWL. I won't even give my own example of how GRINDY this game is. Just trawl through the other negative reviews, or the countless forum posts of horror stories about how people with high OVRs spend days raising it by one point. It's ridiculous that I'm a 70 OVR and I'm in the top 3 MVP candidates alongside LBJ, KD, AD etc, all above 90 OVRs.I'm not principally against grind. I played a lot of MMORPGs in my time, and grind can be enjoyable. But this is not fun, not sustainable, and this is taking the money because you can. BTW this game is not free, nor is it discounted. It's a full-price AAA game. In-game transactions are RIDICULOUS. We already paid damn near $80 for this, you want me to pay MORE so I can be 99 OVR because it's impossible to work our way up to it naturally? Go screw.By the way, you also cannot properly take this character OFFLINE even though it's technically possible, because 2K limits the Offline experience. I'm DONE 2k, this blatant exploitation of your customers will not help you in the long run, so grab the money while you still can.
superbsammy62	Not Recommended	275.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198126005913/	Like the other thousands of reviews on this game its going to be bad. 2K on pc is filled with cheaters. There is no anti cheat and cheaters get away with everything. 2K would rather fix a VC glitch than make an anti cheat for cheaters. There is also no game chat which sucks. If you are losing to a hacker you would think you could talk♥♥♥♥♥♥to him for cheating like a ♥♥♥♥♥ but you cant. The cheaters will make their names the boxes so you cant add them and talk♥♥♥♥♥♥or report them. I love this game i play it everyday but the cheaters make me so mad. Once you figure out who the cheaters are you simply dont play them and constantly dodge them. But there is a small 2k community so it is hard to find a game. ive lost about 100 games to hackers and thats no exaggeration. Buy the game if you love 2k, switch to console for a fair experience.
看情况213	Not Recommended	43.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/FREDISALLIN/	Why I bought this game? Why would I buy 2K19 after being fooled by 2K18?All right, here are the reasons from one of the top comments in Chinese, I’m with that guy:1.I love NBA & basketball2.EA sucksAfter I finish the first chapter in China(6h), what I’m playing is just NBA2K18, even worse. At least players got Bubu in 2K18, though he was annoying. Yes, Cory Harris is proved he’s a dumb after AI joined the league, and the girl friend no longer shows. I don’t want to say Young, same as Harris.Oh, as for AI, WHAT AN IRONYThe AI teammates shows how stupid they are.They don’t know how to use the players’ pick, and when players get the ball, they just stand where they are and watching you, and they don’t know what foul strategy is at the end of the game.I can predict story for the next MC“2K18”+“Undrafted→Euro League(or others)→D-L→NBA”= 2K20 Farewell, de-motivated NBA2K 
Steven	Not Recommended	441.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/biggfishh/	Don't get it mistaken, I love basketball more than this game personally, so it's very easy for me to play.2K needs to fix on-ball defense bad, this year is it's worst installment in terms of defending. Offline feels like ice-skating and online is just input lag sharpshooter cheese. There's a reason most Play Now people just do off-ball and sit on their center, because it is IMPOSSIBLE to replicate the lock down defense that the AI constantly applies to you. It just isn't consistent, and unless your build has 85+ speed/acceleration you will feel like you have cinderblocks instead of feet.Another aspect worth mentioning is the endless amounts of filler between your PLAYER and getting to PLAY. The constant locker room scenes, having to advance to the court four different times, the five seconds after timeouts that can't be skipped. Skippable cutscenes (which should have been a thing anyways) aren't consistent and you will be forced to sit through post-game interviews with little variety to your options, fans, VC or chemistry.2K has some of the the most dedicated fans when it comes to playtime/play length, and they should respect those people by putting in some sort of way to limit presentation. It's nice and all, but when you're grinding that 82-game season, you really start to not give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about the pre-game shootaround or the half-times and constant press interviews when you're halfway through the season and just want to play the game you've spent over 100 dollars on.
Paradigm	Not Recommended	0.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/valazar21/	Gameplay same as 2k18
vm1723	Not Recommended	17.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198265416620/	i dont like it
fhymr	Not Recommended	0.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/FhymR/	Would love to review the game play but havent been able to find an actual match in any gamemode lol
bodi bond	Not Recommended	255.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198332281031/	Servers are trash, ruin everything.
Primo29	Not Recommended	86.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/gabservillon/	Don't buy this game, this game is a waste of money no matter what discount they give you. Play My Career mode and wait for your player to get deleted. Yes they can retrieve the Overall ranking and all but the fact that you have to start over again and can't even complete a single season. This is a waste of money.
Paradigm	Not Recommended	0.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/valazar21/	Gameplay same as 2k18
Bandicam.com	Not Recommended	84.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SirRulesALot/	Same gameplay from 2K18. Nothing more, nothing less.
Raedom	Not Recommended	140.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Hookedon/	Honestly they messed up the defense and off ball movment when it comes to MyCareer, my teammates run screens on me more than they do the opponent
botondvezer1104	Not Recommended	1.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198267522527/	playing on pc 0/10
Thailanosaurus Rekth	Not Recommended	12.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Asylummoney/	Product received for free
brother berry	Not Recommended	172.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ZebraSquid/	This game feels like 2k18 but you can't run into players and they drop the ball. the AI in this game will never miss a shot no matter how good of defence you put on them. The competitve play online feature makes you go in tiers of different teams that no one wants to play. If you do find a match you get screen tearing the whole game and it makes it feel janky. The my park is full of pay to win players and it is no fun. If you play offline MyCareer the game gets really easy with no challenge unless you are playing against kawhi leonard then you'll never score. It is the same game with a bug patch. They removed the option to turn off injuries in MyLeague. If you try to sign your star player you will get a counter offer of a super cheap 1 year deal and then your star will go play somewhere else. I'm not sure if they fixed the bug where big men wont resign with you but it's probably still in the game knowing 2k. Everything is slow and the ratings for nba players make no since. I would not recomend this game unless you like to hate yourself and I have put to much time into it already. This is probably the last 2k I wll buy ever again and it sucks because I like basketball and want to enjoy it in the off season but I am not given that option.
Steven	Not Recommended	441.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/biggfishh/	Don't get it mistaken, I love basketball more than this game personally, so it's very easy for me to play.2K needs to fix on-ball defense bad, this year is it's worst installment in terms of defending. Offline feels like ice-skating and online is just input lag sharpshooter cheese. There's a reason most Play Now people just do off-ball and sit on their center, because it is IMPOSSIBLE to replicate the lock down defense that the AI constantly applies to you. It just isn't consistent, and unless your build has 85+ speed/acceleration you will feel like you have cinderblocks instead of feet.Another aspect worth mentioning is the endless amounts of filler between your PLAYER and getting to PLAY. The constant locker room scenes, having to advance to the court four different times, the five seconds after timeouts that can't be skipped. Skippable cutscenes (which should have been a thing anyways) aren't consistent and you will be forced to sit through post-game interviews with little variety to your options, fans, VC or chemistry.2K has some of the the most dedicated fans when it comes to playtime/play length, and they should respect those people by putting in some sort of way to limit presentation. It's nice and all, but when you're grinding that 82-game season, you really start to not give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about the pre-game shootaround or the half-times and constant press interviews when you're halfway through the season and just want to play the game you've spent over 100 dollars on.
ScrappysHyper	Not Recommended	46.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198262393567/	This game is fun but its terrible becuase it never loads when i want to play it. it always goes to a black screen when i try to load it and says "not responding" fix your game
Canadiano	Recommended	137.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/NotFromCanada/	Not as bad as I thought.
21 Holmes	Not Recommended	296.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Holmes_28/	pay 2 win
Kekkei	Not Recommended	96.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198369102011/	pay2win
yomiller79	Not Recommended	38.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198392424300/	Do not buy this crap!!!!! Bad game play, Currupted game files............Complete waste of money!!!!!! Done with 2k
XXDanteXX	Not Recommended	38.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TheRealDanteXX/	Money eating game. Designed to take your money. Or you can quit your life, that's an option too. Game feels and plays exactly the same like the previous 2 2K released. Only valid reason you may have to get this game is the career mode (excluding the park segment of it since its terrible at least to me). Overall not worth the full price at all. 2K's annual cash grab. Sadly this is now a reality for all the major sport games. This is really really bad and should be stopped. This practice exploits your passion for the game of basketball and your passion as a fan of any NBA team or a player. As a huge NBA fan this makes me really really sad. I only hope somwhere down the road we will finally be free of microtransactions who are clearly designed with a single purpose. DAMN YOU YOU CORPORATE GREEDY A-HOLES WHO MAKE THESE DECISIONS. DAMN YOU TO HELL WITH YOUR DAMN GREED.
Last One Standing	Not Recommended	20.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/LandoP/	is thre any fix to invsiable people if not this is so trash
The Man Inside Me	Not Recommended	49.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/bennyandthejets/	In myCareer I got stuck on an offense player while playing defense standing the paint. I left my assignment and got a break down on defense losing a letter grade. On offense my guy bobbles the dribble in the paint and got stuck posting up, I lost another letter grade for 3 seconds in the key and turnover. On the run back my player is too slow so my assignment waits on the three line and my team does not help on defense but stands where their guy will run up the floor, so he hits a wide open three, with the gatorade symbol and 65 shooting rating, making him on fire and lowering my D to a D -.  I then miss a wide open three with the bar full. Why? I didn't pay for vc. Don't  buy unless you love the series and have extra money that you don't mind lighting on fire
NakatomiCowboy	Not Recommended	1.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/NakatomiCowboy/	more than half the time off the inbounds pass the player puts the ball down by throwing it behind his back... why .. ?  nevermind a couple of my fav players shots are not even close to being realistic.also, it seems like the movement is less responsive than the older 2k games. then, i had to adjust the sliders bc in my first game Butler picked up 4 fouls in the first quarter (5 min qtr, i wasn't even controlling him)..and, you see plays develope, but your teammate AI wanders off and behaves questionably.  meanwhile, you call for a screen on offense, and the guy rolls before it's set, or you try to brush the shoulder of the guy to make the defender choose to go under or follow; it's like they decreased the effectiveness of the screens the player calls.quite irritating. i was just looking forward to a good single player experience.
yomiller79	Not Recommended	38.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198392424300/	Do not buy this crap!!!!! Bad game play, Currupted game files............Complete waste of money!!!!!! Done with 2k
Canadiano	Recommended	137.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/NotFromCanada/	Not as bad as I thought.
kasus	Not Recommended	133.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kasusyes/	♥♥♥♥ no jesus christ
#blackat	Not Recommended	376.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jarcatlocust/	Great game full of cheaters. 2K bans people who writes support asking for help, but completely ignores cheaters, who not only improves their attributes to 110 but also crashes the park for the innocent players. Lots of toxic kids playing in the park, also lots of toxit myTeam rivals. This game is best when playing single player - it's fairly polished, has good graphics and is fun.
GRAB MY POOCH	Not Recommended	2.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198207996871/	CAN WE GET A 99% NEGATIVE REVIEW GUISEEE?? @ronnie2k ur mum gay @ronnie2k ur mum gay @ronnie2k ur mum gay @ronnie2k ur mum gay @ronnie2k ur mum gaythis should have been a 10$ mobile money grabber. 60$ for an update every year easy peasy huh?last year they had unskippable cut scenes to keep us more than 2hrs, this year they got an infinite IN-GAME update.they really dont care about anything else than how to make the game more grindy to make you pay for VC.CAN WE GET A 99% NEGATIVE REVIEW GUISEEE?? @ronnie2k NM$L @ronnie2k NM$L @ronnie2k NM$L @ronnie2k NM$L @ronnie2k NM$L 
𝘧𝘢𝘳𝘩𝘢𝘕	Recommended	7.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/itsfarhaN/	Good for offline, bad for online
BONOLARS	Recommended	132.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/bonolars/	Not perfect, but still playable
Löthlörien	Recommended	180.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/lothlorienz/	Kötü yorumlara bakmayın oyun harika
Sxcxs	Recommended	16.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198130084769/	I love basketball, NBA 2K always company me every time I cant play basketball outside, still confuse about the control. But I Like it and I love it.
Ray2K	Recommended	240.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/johnraypalatino08/	Best Basketball game
NinjaSmooth	Not Recommended	202.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/thatninjasmooth/	can't save user settings avoid like the plague.
Kickmehardonatreadmill	Recommended	71.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TimHorton/	I don't play online so I don't see hackers. The single player is hands down one of its own. Just keep in mind the My GM story takes 2 hours and you can't pause it. I only have one complaint and it's the 2k coins. I think you My Career player should upgrade on his own like in NHL 19.
WitchingHour	Not Recommended	18.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/FirePhoneix/	Too much optimization problems and fps drops
Mues Lee	Not Recommended	153.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197967035785/	Since all my savegames in MyGM and MyLeague got corrupted so far, it has to be a thumbs down.
Zegion	Not Recommended	62.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198123735187/	THE GAME IS ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T! your just wasting your money, waste of time too. A lot of people pay to win, not easy to level up (or rate up/stats up, whatever). The career mode full of uneducated team and most of the time the will not listen to you or just lost 15 point in 1 quarter (while you're still in the bench). Cosmetics is REALLY EXPENSIVE (for people that doesn't buy VC), 1 shoes can cost 9000VC, tatooes average cost is 1500-2000VC while your character usually only get 1000-1500VC per game. You could save money for the cosmetics, but don't for get to upgrade your player you need 1500 VC per 1 stat (average for rating 70).
Brewest	Not Recommended	1.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198068895746/	do not buy
Pancho78Villa	Not Recommended	27.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198015368990/	This is a far from ready game.In fact this is the first review I write as the frustration I'm dealing with this game gets me depressed. The Virtual Currency suddenly dissapears. The online modes freezes constantly as it's really difficult to get on a rythim playing. As it was bad enough, the offline mod bug as much as well. On myleague the jerseys, teamlogos, courts you upload bug all the time so you cannot see proprely what you have designed. The gameplay (appart from dribling) it is so much easier. It is so much easier to make 3 point, jumpshots and layups (I am having a 80% on 3pt at Mycareer when at 2k18 I had a much realistic 45%). The dribling does not respond to what you order the player to do. As a resumée not what you expected when you come from 2k18I hope they get this game right as it has some ups worth playing, but as every year, this game just BUGS all the time. Just that this time it bugs much more than others.
Gosheto09	Not Recommended	30.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198254411534/	♥♥♥♥ing fix the mycareer defense guys you cant get into the paint with slasher !!!!! Fix this this is stupid last year was so fdamn nice!!! 
Pandalicious!	Not Recommended	0.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/reciv/	This game is not optimized for PC, runs slow as♥♥♥♥♥♥ I do like some aspects of the gameplay, but also dislike others. The optimization part is the biggest turnoff for me.
twitch.tv/abg_armin	Not Recommended	358.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197991267448/	Ok guys. I played the game about 200 hours when i write this review.first of all i really enjoy basketball and the game mechanics are pretty much ok for me. I also don´t complain about P2W but i understand everyone who does.but i can´t recommand the game because of this incredible bad support. vc problems, bugs, disconnects, core game mechanics which dont work and support tickets wont get any attention, no reaction on twitter or facebook and worst of all when they patch something there not even any patchnotes what they doi´ve never seen a company (except maybe EA) which ignore there players in that waysorry 2k - you failed at nba2k18 and you really managed to fail at 2k19 again...
KammiN	Not Recommended	33.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/3762851274561/	I mean it is 2k game. You already know it's gonna be♥♥♥♥♥♥ BUT this year they really rose above their head and in honor of 20th anniversary they made the game even more ♥♥♥♥♥ier. So i guess if you like unoptimised gameplay and 90's servers buy this game. Enjoy yall! Oh and this one goes to ronnie 2k .i.
MNDR	Not Recommended	114.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mendarthagod/	Let´s start with this review, honestly this game sucks for 60 bucks, MyCareer story sucks like it did last year. We want to be drafted to a NBA team, not going through this "silly" Chinese to USA story. Last year you atleast met some of the other players and there were cutscenes with them, that gave you that friendship feeling, but in 2k19 there is only Giannis, Ben Simmons and AD, (from current player, also worth mentioning Shaq and Kareem) trust me I played one season, there is noone else. Also after you will play the Lakers vs Spurs game in the 17-18 season, the story ends, I mean like ends, no more cutscenes about your old friends from China or that Ant team. MyCourt is the same, or actually not, they´ve added 2 machines, but u have to unlock them by your overall. We want to have a great experience with 2k like we did in 2k17, where there was a story, like an actual story that was fine. So far this game cares only about one thing, that´s your money. Now to the mechanics, they fixed shooting, that ´s all, movement ? BROKEN ! You can´t get past a guy who sets a screen or many times I experienced my player sprinting into a player who doesn´t have a ball and is simply standing there. Also worth mentioning , you can´t get past guy when you are attacking, he will always stop you. So far 2k19 is dissapointment, sorry for any grammatic mistakes that I made, english really isn´t my native language.Hope 2k20 will look better than this piece of garbage Have a nice day
AceTheFace	Not Recommended	20.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197977706360/	Do not buy NBA 2k19 on STEAM. I been on steam for 15+ years. Steam was great 10 years ago it's trash now. Bought NBA 2k19 to play offline MyLeague. Couple seasons going and each ended with file corrupted. Try a 3rd time play all day and had a amazing season going. I was so excited to play game one of the playoffs and file corrupted again. I tried to do backup saves but they only let you have one save file.My greatest offline franchise since Tecmo in sport games got corrupted. I was the Grizzlies. I sim regular season and play all playoffs. We started 1-14 with defualt rosters. I thought we were a borderline playoff team. Made no trades hoping to turn the season around. No major injuries and last place so at trade deadline I traded Gasol for Nurkic End of season traded Conley for PG Fultz. Got the #1 pick in the draft and got a generation rookie in my draft class. 6:9 PF 99 potential, 90 mid, 80 3pt, 99 dunk, 78 handles, good def and post game. I some how lured Durant in FA to my team. He always signs with Warriors. I think my #1 draft pick was reason he came. We made 5th seed next season was so excited to play my team in the playoffs.Boom file corrupted. I don't have it in me to start another season. It will never go as good. Buy the game on console. Not worth the headache.
Shock G	Not Recommended	97.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198169068646/	This game came out on 9/11 and already a MyCareer save is corrupted (player name disappeared, appearance resets to default every time I log in). Steam won't give a refund. I'm tired of paying for trash. (Update: I contacted 2k's game support and instead of getting actual help or someone telling me they're looking into the issue I got a canned response telling me to "verify the integrity of the game cache," and since I had previously run the "verify integrity of game files" function here in Steam and it didn't fix anything I'm just going to uninstall.)
Brewest	Not Recommended	1.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198068895746/	do not buy
Gosheto09	Not Recommended	30.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198254411534/	♥♥♥♥ing fix the mycareer defense guys you cant get into the paint with slasher !!!!! Fix this this is stupid last year was so fdamn nice!!! 
twitch.tv/abg_armin	Not Recommended	358.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197991267448/	Ok guys. I played the game about 200 hours when i write this review.first of all i really enjoy basketball and the game mechanics are pretty much ok for me. I also don´t complain about P2W but i understand everyone who does.but i can´t recommand the game because of this incredible bad support. vc problems, bugs, disconnects, core game mechanics which dont work and support tickets wont get any attention, no reaction on twitter or facebook and worst of all when they patch something there not even any patchnotes what they doi´ve never seen a company (except maybe EA) which ignore there players in that waysorry 2k - you failed at nba2k18 and you really managed to fail at 2k19 again...
googelgockel92	Not Recommended	183.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198078916494/	Seemingly no punsihment for cheaters and the best way to play the game is cheesing
Pancho78Villa	Not Recommended	27.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198015368990/	This is a far from ready game.In fact this is the first review I write as the frustration I'm dealing with this game gets me depressed. The Virtual Currency suddenly dissapears. The online modes freezes constantly as it's really difficult to get on a rythim playing. As it was bad enough, the offline mod bug as much as well. On myleague the jerseys, teamlogos, courts you upload bug all the time so you cannot see proprely what you have designed. The gameplay (appart from dribling) it is so much easier. It is so much easier to make 3 point, jumpshots and layups (I am having a 80% on 3pt at Mycareer when at 2k18 I had a much realistic 45%). The dribling does not respond to what you order the player to do. As a resumée not what you expected when you come from 2k18I hope they get this game right as it has some ups worth playing, but as every year, this game just BUGS all the time. Just that this time it bugs much more than others.
Valdis gejs	Not Recommended	50.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/LittleWolfys_/	When i am ingame it shows loading game updates but stays at 0% ! What should i do? please help
zhttim10	Not Recommended	132.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/zht970411/	I really can't stand anymore, this game is trash, from all perspectives. Just don't buy 2K series anymore.
Greggers	Not Recommended	1.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/MikeBiesen/	I'm going to ignore their god awful VC System and just give my "two cents." Even when it has a free to play week its still incredibly irritating to play with its 70 cutscenes and sluggish ballhandling, people play 2k to live out their fantasy of being a pro nba player, not to feel like you are 300 pounds and trying to pass and dribble a block of cement. Its just not fun or smooth. 2k has yet to make a good pc port in a long time. If you like football just go get madden on origin or buy 2k14 and you should get more fun out of them than this game.
stubaker91	Not Recommended	31.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198846931228/	Game has just as many flaws as 2k10. Maybe even more. The pay to play needs to stop as well,  2k make 59.99 per game so just stop making it suck unless you spend over 100 bucks. Last time I'll buy a 2k game.
AMoN	Not Recommended	131.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/theamon/	bugged
B.I.G SMOKE (Notorious Faggot)	Not Recommended	35.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ilaygazlur/	Game doesn't even work. Says it's downloading updates and stays on 0% for hours., Such a waste of money
Shiro 白	Not Recommended	136.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/1Shiro/	This game is trash---{Graphics}---☐ Outstanding☐ Fantastic☐ Great☑ Good☐ Decent☐ Bad☐ Awful---{Gameplay}--- ☐ Outstanding☐ Fantastic☐ Great☑ Good☐ Decent☐ Bad☐ Awful---{Grind}--- ☑ Hard and long Grinding required (If you don't want to pay for vc)☐ Frequent Grinding☐ Above normal Grinding☐ Casual Grind☐ Not necessary☐ Minimal☐ None---{Story}--- ☐ Fully story based☐ Intensive and immersive☐ A lot☐ Average☐ Good☑ Minimal (I don't think there is a story after the prelude)☐ None---{Play Time}--- ☑ Endless☐ Long☐ Lots extra to do☐ Average☐ Short---{Bugs}--- ☐ Never had any☐ Not very noticable bugs☑ Few bugs ☐ Average amount☐ An annoying amount☐ Almost unplayableAll in all it's the same game just like the other 3 or 4 2K games, there is barely any upgrade. the graphics of this game are booty  and I still have some audio bugs I had in the other 2K games because the developers seem to be too busy fixing all the vc glitches instead of all the bugs this game has. And don't get me started on the vc, without glitches or paying money (full price title btw) you'll have to grind 100 of hours to get to a high overall to unlock your attributes, and I like how u also have to pay for rewards such as a skateboard or mascot. 1 mascot is around 300.000 vc which is more than freaking 50€, so youre telling me I unlocked a mascot just to pay 50€ for it? 2K is one of the worst Publishers out there.
Hoyj.420	Not Recommended	357.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/hoyratj/	Biggest scam in gaming history
brnz1n	Recommended	25.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/brnz1n/	like
Darkas	Recommended	366.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Darkas88/	buy to win
FernandoYANG	Not Recommended	123.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Fernandoyjl/	2K is trash, they don't care about the dumbs who use plug.I have 0 experience in the career mode.
Ghost.A	Not Recommended	65.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198064269580/	i can't buy VC in Nba2k19
caoboi097	Not Recommended	0.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198840619550/	HONESTLY, I WAS ALWAYS A FAN OF NBA 2K GAME. BUT THEY ACTUALLY DESTROYED ALL OF MY MEMORY AND FEELING WHEN THEY RELEASED THIS YEAR EDITION. THE GRAPHIC, MOVEMENT, REALITY ARE ALL GONE. IT IS SUPPOSED TO BE THE NEWEST, MOST EXCITING 20TH ANNIVERSARY EDITION OF THE FRANCHISE. BUT NO, IT WAS REALLY REALLY BAD. SPEAKING FROM A TRUE FAN WHO HAVE BEEN FOLLOWING THIS GAME SINCE NBA 2K12. HOPE THEY CAN BRING IT BACK ON 2K20
zzzzh7	Not Recommended	123.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198134781554/	It's A Trap!
Phantom	Not Recommended	273.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/316346/	Dont play against people against anyone that looks like slenderman......
TheDorkKnight	Not Recommended	355.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/reanimator14454/	Servers are trash, game is full of critical bugs, and microtransactions are back with vengeance. Suck my♥♥♥♥♥♥ 2K
redsgm	Not Recommended	99.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198009156750/	My career story is like♥♥♥♥♥
BeeGeePelir	Not Recommended	1,079.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TracyMcgrady21/	I just spammed "PLAY" for 5 minutes to write this review because it won't even start!This game won't even launch for me. didn't know why and didn't know how. Started to search the internet for what might possibly happened, found out that it might be because this game doesn't support old processor like the AMD Phenom II series. Why? Simply because Phenom II series doesn't support SSE 4.1 and 4.2. I wouldn't think that there will be a patch anytime soon, but i'm still hopefull that there will be in a month or so. Because this happened also with many other games before and they usually patched after 1-2 months or after their game got cracked (which is sad that the basic reason of the lack of SSE supports is because anti DRM from Denuvo and you got cracked anyway in a week after the launch). Paid around $90 for this game, i'm not going to spent anymore money to upgrade my processor, motherboard, and also RAM just to play it (because then i'm gonna have to spend more than $200-$300 JUST TO PLAY THIS GAME!).You would say that it's time for me to upgrade, but hey i can still play 99% of the 2018 game with my phenom II x6 1090T smoothly like butter :)Is it my fault? you could say that. But 2k still listed phenom II series as their minimum spec on their website. It even updated 10 hours before release! Shocking! And please not everyone have the knowledge to know about SSE if you don't even mention them anywhere! I'm sure there will be plenty of people will feel the same way as i am feeling right now. But i'll gladly ask refund for now until they patched it or come up with a fix or something like they did with MAFIA III.
Miko_Masayuki	Recommended	17.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198059071172/	Alt-F4 Simulator.
painfulBUGmaker	Not Recommended	118.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198372788148/	this game sucks, guys
||||||||||||||||||	Not Recommended	1.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Willygoat123/	Push me to the edgeThis game is ♥♥♥♥ing trash
Intenso	Not Recommended	384.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/intensinho/	2K Suck
zenzu	Not Recommended	1.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/zenzu/	I don't normally make reviews but this game pushed me into writing one. Controls are formatted to PC: this problem was the reason why I got a refund. If I buy a game, I would expect it to be made completely in the format of a PC. I was having the hardest time trying to configure key binds and macros and finally got it working but the what made it even more confusing was that all the tips with key bindings were console formatted. This is the reason why I would recommend not purchasing this game.
Onion	Recommended	275.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197965576538/	2k support ticket sending simulatorHighly recommended 11/10*update*2 weeks later 2k still have not replied to my ticket. I have increase the review score to 15/10 to reflect the expanded endgame content and replayability.
FrostyBrutality	Recommended	67.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/frostybrutality/	I do not play online. I DO NOT buy their microtransactions. Game is great outside of online gameplay and the microtransactions. IF you buy this to play online, read other reviews. If you wanna play single player or local gameplay, this game is great for that. Story has soo much progression and keeps you wanting to come back for more. One of the best sports story modes i have ever played. 
RaduPhantom	Not Recommended	48.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/raduphantom/	This game is garbage, yet it's still the best basketball game on the market. such a shame
gordo san	Not Recommended	2.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/gordosan/	Bought it. Had to double-check it wasnt 2k17. It wasn't, so I refunded.
Odzee	Not Recommended	0.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Noofal/	i know it's still early, but the game keeps crashing on the Date of birth screen, plus it crashes a lot. Until there are a new update, don't buy it. :(
Kromozone	Not Recommended	50.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198253356480/	well always the same with 2k nba.. you pay for a game and you can't play  first of all if you like this game please dont buy it right now!!! it has a lot of bugs like invisible players corrupted save files i mean litteraly you cant save all the time!!! wait for the patchesand of course microtransactionscogrants 2k i pay a lot of euros for this game and is unplayble ps i dont review the gameplay because is a matter of taste
胡子长半边	Not Recommended	122.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198125535831/	server sucks
"Soup"er Star	Not Recommended	106.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/infiniteight/	The game is great in the sense that we can play online with friends. The story line/prelude of the game was also outstanding. But this game also freezes in random places of the game. The audio also cuts out every once in a while and you have to restart the game to get it back. Keep in mind I have a quality computer that should easily be able to run 2k19. This game was a really good idea, it is just very buggy.
kazuhir007	Not Recommended	33.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198341475808/	worst game ever :) reasons PAY TO WIN SO MANY GLITCHS AND IT MAKES ME WANT TO JUMP OF A CLIFF GREEN OPEN layup BLOCKED
RaduPhantom	Not Recommended	48.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/raduphantom/	This game is garbage, yet it's still the best basketball game on the market. such a shame
wenjocao	Not Recommended	23.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198093821978/	CBA里上海熊的那个教练说的是什么鸟语言？？？？Cant believe that 2K wont even bother to find a person who actually speaks Chinese to act in the cut scenes. Was everything too rushed or is that u guys dont really care ????What I heard was just Englnese.
Milito	Not Recommended	181.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198072895883/	Thats game is pure trash
胡子长半边	Not Recommended	122.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198125535831/	server sucks
"Soup"er Star	Not Recommended	106.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/infiniteight/	The game is great in the sense that we can play online with friends. The story line/prelude of the game was also outstanding. But this game also freezes in random places of the game. The audio also cuts out every once in a while and you have to restart the game to get it back. Keep in mind I have a quality computer that should easily be able to run 2k19. This game was a really good idea, it is just very buggy.
Baahl[HUN]	Not Recommended	70.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198097399938/	So horrible, I can not play it, because I do not have a good collection in MyTeam, I need the auction house but I can not even win one unlimited game, there are diamonds and amethsyts everywhere and I have only two ruby card...Because of the weakness of my team, I can not even win the Lakers moments challenge so I broke my controller and deleted the game. Yes, I am a noob in this one, and I need a better team and need to do better plays, but without the auction house or without spending money on loot boxes, I am not able to. So disappointed...
Kick'nBuckets	Not Recommended	147.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kicknbuckets/	Pay or grind; you choose. 2K19 would be a great game but for the microtransaction hell. The gameplay is really solid, but there's just far too much greed on display from the publisher. Having already shelled out more than enough for the game, I'm finding the progression incredibly frustrating without spending - there just isn't sufficient reward for playing games; the game wants you to reach for your wallet at every turn. There are also some issues with controlling defenders, who seem to float somewhat whereas the CPU defenders always lock on to their check. It'd have been nice to see some sort of light tracking/help in this regard as is the case with NBA Live. I've also had quite a few issues with stablity around save games - I've now had two corrupted saves in MyLeague and the game locks up every time I try to save a custom rotation.
Hide On Plant	Not Recommended	7.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198418948735/	Product received for free
dimes	Not Recommended	24.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/phantomdimes/	trash
SHOOTER021	Not Recommended	160.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/burngames/	THE WORST NBA EVER I CANT WAIT TO GET CHEAT TO RUIN THIS TRASH GAME DONT BUY IT BUY NBA LIVA
SoRN	Not Recommended	33.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197981819216/	My first comment and it needs to be done. File corrupted and I have wasted 3 hours of my life on nothing! 2K please test it before launching the game! At least you can do is to fix it now!!
R10Messi	Not Recommended	317.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/r10messi/	Trash game
deepthroat	Not Recommended	0.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/murattahtali/	Product received for free
ShotgunRAY	Not Recommended	211.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198029872844/	CANNOT GO ONLINE , SUCK SUCK SUCK 4b538e50 ! I SPENT REAL MONEY FOR 2K19 , FOOL !!!
Pixar	Not Recommended	6.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/starpix/	Have yet to finish a game, I guess this one is for the hardcore. Too much simulation, too much defense, no fun.
Marz	Not Recommended	388.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198313864952/	67ity
Vaylen	Not Recommended	271.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198084726687/	Lots of cheaterAnd 2k devs didnt even careRefund!!
EvianHoe	Not Recommended	20.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198196657895/	Thousands of BUGS. DO NOT PURCHASE IT.
TRANCH	Not Recommended	97.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198137466044/	holy♥♥♥♥♥♥iv'e never seen such a meme of a money grab, ♥♥♥♥ing trash game.
R10Messi	Not Recommended	317.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/r10messi/	Trash game
gordo san	Not Recommended	2.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/gordosan/	Bought it. Had to double-check it wasnt 2k17. It wasn't, so I refunded.
Lucas	Not Recommended	0.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/LucasFCV/	Product received for free
PhillyMMA 2K Is Gay	Recommended	60.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/phillymma/	Best game Ever. 2K outdid themselves this year, Lebron James looks even more realistic, hence why i have a boner.
Kyle Irving	Not Recommended	9.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/schooners/	1 step forward and 3 steps backStick to 2k18
That wasnt very country roads of	Not Recommended	245.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/submix05/	I would only recommend this game if you were completly desperate for a basketball game, which this being the only basketball game that exists you are basically stuck.A month ago i would say: "this game is basically perfect with the exception of microtransactions and some bugs and the part that 2K doesnt care about the PC communitty"Now after all the changes i just wanna say to 2K go f**k themselves, playing online? Good luck just be ready to wait 20 min to find people to play with especially since every body cares about record (i would like to know who they want to impress), play mycarrer, go for it but be aware if want to play any difficulty besides pro, be ready to want to tear your hairs out since everybody becomes Kawhi Leonard when defending and your teammates on both ends of the floor have the same IQ as 12 year old who just saw a basketball for the first time and even if you play good defense or you are lucky and your teammates actually play defense, they just make the basket anyway even with the hands or even if they miss or you block them they will just get the offensive rebound and score anyway.I would say that i would never buy an NBA 2K game but i would be lying since i love basketballGood luck and remember your controller has no fault on whats happening ;)
Y1469	Not Recommended	15.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198070952174/	tang inang laro to. hndi mka shoot.
SharpV	Recommended	67.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SharpV/	READ THIS, I'VE GOT A FIX FOR YOU!Pretty well optimized and a very good game. The Neighborhood is very cool and this game really helps you learn some tricks for basketball in real life. Although, I want to help some people having trouble with the settings. To save your GAME SETTINGS, hold the windows button while holding R. type %appdata%. then go to this path: C:\Users\(username)\AppData\Roaming\2K Sports\NBA 2K19 and find the VideoSettings.cfg and VideoSettingsHelp files. Open the VideoSettings.cfg file using Programmer's Notepad (download it, Notepad won't help you). Use the VideoSettingsHelp file as a guide and set your settings by yourself. Absolutely lovely.
ZIKRI99	Not Recommended	1.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198412778416/	Product received for free
Black1Pirate	Not Recommended	20.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198346029635/	Product received for free
hchsiao	Not Recommended	30.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197965302116/	Played the game during free weekend.  While this year my career story is much better than the crap they put out last year, it is still sad to see you need to play online to enjoy the full experice of my career and the retard VC still exist.  I start the NBA 2k on dreamcast and bought every one until last year with 2k18 and I will remove the game once free weekend is over.  It is just sad to see 2k sink to this level as we user not only need to pay AA game price for the game but also hundred dollars on the VC if you want to start my career as decent bench player in my career.
☺	Not Recommended	102.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198015085610/	This game is absolute garbage. Theres no one in mypark and when you do play it's laggy af. I honestly can't believe I spent 60 dollars to buy vc. Also what the ♥♥♥♥ is up with mycareer nba games. My player can't hold on to the ball for his god damn life.  Why the ♥♥♥♥ am i losing the ball the second i start dribbling or driving? And why the ♥♥♥♥ does my jumpshot not green even though the bar is ♥♥♥♥ING FULL. Oh and good luck even joining or better yet winning a mypark game if your not at least an 85 ovr. I went through a whole bottle of advil ♥♥♥♥ing with this chlamydia crusted used tampon of a game.
Cagney Carnation	Recommended	40.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/adamska1984/	MyPlayer is less grind-y than last year
RigTrig #RemoveRandomCrits	Recommended	40.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/rigtrig/	It's not bad just avoid the urge to buy VC honestly it's actually not you who's bad, it's the ai getting difficult to make you lose.
DaProducer ツ	Recommended	121.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/DaProducer/	They mad, game is on sale for 25€, I bet it will be about 8€ in spring lmao.
DemiGod11	Not Recommended	39.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198265392627/	my account be banned
TheOverSkilled	Not Recommended	53.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TheOverSkilled/	Literally unplayable.
Duppy	Recommended	16.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/roflowned/	I think the game is great, if your just looking to play a basketball game this is your fix. One major downside for me tho is that... there is no tutorial what so ever so i still have no idea what im doing but im slowly learning the hard way, this game would be perfect if it had like a beginners guide it seems to just assume you have played a 2k game before and so know all the buttons / how the game works.
Mace	Recommended	33.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198064729164/	brook  lopez can actually jump
Wet Silly Willy	Not Recommended	52.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/MommyJames/	From cheaters, to laggy servers, to a bug filled game, this is yet again another horrible 2K, better than 18, but that's not much.
SAVAGE	Not Recommended	168.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/gucci1017/	♥♥♥♥♥iest 2k game ever dont buy this trash if u buy it u will get an caner
Gavrilo Princip	Recommended	74.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198334833998/	The game is very addictive, maybe even too addictive. I like it, some bugs but I know they are doing their best to fix them and improve everyone's gameplay. I recommend on buying it, as it is a very good time killer.
SmoothNicely	Recommended	32.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198318837771/	the community is soo small... just get it on console.. more folks to play with..
你怎么回事小老弟	Not Recommended	71.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198063108929/	worst game ever
chiaweeeei	Not Recommended	56.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/chiaweeeei/	Not sure it is good or bad, I can't purchase VC in game and in Steam. When I try to buy VC in game, it's freeze. When I would like to buy VC in Steam, it shows error page.
razdory	Not Recommended	174.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/razdory/	trash
BobyBrowndel	Not Recommended	71.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198112072114/	Don't buy it, worst game of the franchise
Lil Thumper	Not Recommended	2.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198447899788/	♥♥♥
Daonest[ST]	Recommended	184.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198004538559/	So first things first, I know better to avoid mypark/proam since 2k17 because of the servers and hackers.. If you look past that and play offline the game is fine for the most part. There are some quirks, IE if you play MC the team mate grade system is much more harsh this year if you get a few turnovers its hard to recover your grade... I think I have only got an A grade maybe once in 40 mc games. I have noticed the player physics/collision is much better in this years version, last years version AI and you would rubberband making it look ridiculous but no longer notice this.. Graphics though really need to be improved or provide a better port for the PC version at times the player models look very bad, being on PC we need better graphic options for those with high end pcs.All in all, i bought this to play offline and play against the AI, so the gameplay and myleague/MC seem to keep me playing and thats all I need.. Although probably would of stayed on NBA 2k18 if the game didnt go on sale (got it for around $22 usd)
Son`Goku`Ultra	Not Recommended	105.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198269335214/	I just bought this game and my PC specs is below. and what ever I do to set up my settings it seems like i am using a core2duo PC it is not playable and freezes    Intel® Core™ i5-8300H 2,50 GHz, (Intel® Turbo-Boost bis 3,50 GHz)    43,94 cm (17,3") 1080p (Full HD) LED-Backlight-Display (1920 x 1080)    8192 MB DDR4-RAM Arbeitsspeicher    Festplatten: 128 GB SSD, 1000 GB HDD    NVIDIA® GeForce® GTX 1050Ti 
Son`Goku`Ultra	Not Recommended	105.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198269335214/	I just bought this game and my PC specs is below. and what ever I do to set up my settings it seems like i am using a core2duo PC it is not playable and freezes    Intel® Core™ i5-8300H 2,50 GHz, (Intel® Turbo-Boost bis 3,50 GHz)    43,94 cm (17,3") 1080p (Full HD) LED-Backlight-Display (1920 x 1080)    8192 MB DDR4-RAM Arbeitsspeicher    Festplatten: 128 GB SSD, 1000 GB HDD    NVIDIA® GeForce® GTX 1050Ti 
Tet Fe Mal	Not Recommended	71.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198210927181/	If you're reading this you're gonna buy the game anyway, let's face it.Once you're in game here's what you do. Go to sliders and lower CPU's pass accuracy, pass speed, ball security, acceleration, ball handling, and lateral quickness to zero. Then start a game against good team. For the whole game, play computer defense (guard someone who is not the ball-handler but is standing still).Just watch how the CPU runs the offense. It really is entertaining.1. They do 2 dribble moves then run forward, expecting an easy lane.2. Then they do about 4-5 cross court passes, expecting an open cutter from a screen.3. Lastly they do 2 pump fakes then attempt a contested shot.This is all they will do, for the entire game. Nothing more creative than that. Careless dribbles, wild passes, and pump fakes. That's it.The entire AI is built around abusing attribute advantages to a point where they don't have to play smart. You will realize all of their shots are open because your defenders have a SEVERE speed disadvatage and often times your teammates literally stand and watch. Their passes will go right by your defenders who will make no attempt to tip them. All of their screens will be effective because of a massive invisible strength boost. They will dribble through 3 defenders and the ball will rarely be knocked loose. I don't know what's worse: watching the CPU thrive from sloppy play you could never get away with or knowing that at all times 4 members of your team are brain dead.If you take away their attribute advantages they won't play any different, no matter how much it isn't working for them anymore.So what do we do?
Magic	Not Recommended	120.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198058453282/	Terrible.
None	Not Recommended	132.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/realityhd/	I mean.... You should wait until a sale if you want an NBA game. Just a tiny bit better than 2k18, atleast on the animation side. But should avoid if you hated 2k18 and i mean HATED. Btw, Hall of Fame difficulty still pisses me off, when you miss all of your open shots while the other team hits EVERY shot, it annoys you. lol
The Professor	Recommended	25.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198200437949/	goood game
Guinness McGuinness	Recommended	210.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197978669161/	The story in career mode sucks much less than usual.
a.swerve97	Recommended	23.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198202811972/	The Gameplay was good for mycarerr but thats the only thing I play so take it with what you will.
AZA?ZAA?zur	Not Recommended	2.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/darkrider95/	WORST GEAM EVOR , PLS NO NO PLAY IT SAYS ARMENIAN GOONCID EXCIST SO I DID MY NAEM ARMENIN GOONCID NOT EXCIST
Royalty™	Not Recommended	0.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/gameover_carbon/	Trash
Julixn	Recommended	84.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198204062601/	I'm not going to lie to you guys, I am pretty bad at this game. And by that I mean REALLY bad. That being said I really don't understand why last year and the year before they took out Rookie difficulty in MyCareer. I personally play this game for fun, and it's really entertaining to put up 50 point games. Also, I recently did a check where I played on Pro, then I played on H.O.F. I did not honestly see a massive difference in the two and that is what is, in my opinion, leading singleplayer in this game down the drain. In conclusion, if you aren't very good and are just looking to play MyCareer, I'd look for other games like NBA Live.
$upreme	Recommended	178.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198117673237/	TLDR; Microtransactions are a real issue. However, Improved game mechanics makes the gameplay feel almost life-like. You can still enjoy the game without paying a dime from their 'VC' Player model - 4/5 (same player model as last year, just more detailed and fine tuned)Game modes - 3.5/5 (you're probably going to spend majority or your time playing MyCareer, which has vastly improved from last year. Too bad all the other game modes fall short. Myteam is fun at first, but will eventually become stale. MyGM is as well. If you like simulation based outcomes, Myleague is for you.)Gameplay - 5/5 (simply amazing. The feel of the game really does make it seem like you are apart of the real thing. Player movement mimicks actual NBA player movement. DEFENSE ACTUALLY MATTERS. The game has adjusted to a more spaced-out 3 point emphasis gamestyle. Just like in the NBA today. That does not mean you cant still dominate with a Driving and finishing player. 2k really did an exceptional job on this aspect.)2k support - 0.5/5 (2k really only cares about profift. Microtransactions litter 2k in MyCareer and Myteam. They also do not care about modders. If you dont hack the VC in game they will not care what you do. The anti-cheat system is a joke. Mod all you want, you will not get aprehended.)OVERALL - 4/5
gpchichu	Not Recommended	16.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198101897207/	 This is no Review for hardcore players or for the online function, because I never tested that and I am waaaaay to bad to give a Review on that. So I bought 2k19. I have to say as someone who is really bad at the game and only playes the MyCareer... I am so dissapointed. The lowest difficulty is Pro in that Mode and I am way worse. I played the last games(2k15 and 17(Where Rookie is a thing in MyCareer btw) just to have fun and put up 60 Points and make all the shots, because i don´t have the time or the interest in getting better. It is for me something after a long day, turn on the PC play 1 game and then do something else. So I am disappointed that i can not casually play this game. Going back to 2k17 where everything in my opinion was faster, the hitboxes of the players smaller and where i had fun, because of the Rookie option. I also hate the running around in the neighbourhood to get VC or buy stuff.Hopefully they change that for players like me because I got hooked on the story and the whole prelude is really fun, but i want to play this game arcadey.Update: Game is still♥♥♥♥♥
Dr_Incredible	Not Recommended	47.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/hoop4life/	Cannot puchase vc at all.....
LittleKeeN	Recommended	256.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198095074770/	Still pay2win sadly....But 2k is doign better, locker codes is better, league mode seems more realistic and mycareer is still fun. They also fixed many of the 2kanimations that made 2k18 almost unplayable. Its a fun game and a good time waster, but myteam and mycareer are still pay2win, myleague and most other gamemodes are better. Sadly 2k makes another game i have too not recommend.
Vanlo	Recommended	23.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198021654366/	Loving it so far.  Had a save get corrupt though.
Rozzek	Not Recommended	36.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198074687008/	this game is bad you cant even play it anymore put rookie back to it
Julixn	Recommended	84.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198204062601/	I'm not going to lie to you guys, I am pretty bad at this game. And by that I mean REALLY bad. That being said I really don't understand why last year and the year before they took out Rookie difficulty in MyCareer. I personally play this game for fun, and it's really entertaining to put up 50 point games. Also, I recently did a check where I played on Pro, then I played on H.O.F. I did not honestly see a massive difference in the two and that is what is, in my opinion, leading singleplayer in this game down the drain. In conclusion, if you aren't very good and are just looking to play MyCareer, I'd look for other games like NBA Live.
i can shoot threes bruv	Recommended	189.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/asianelvis/	MyCareer story was great. Only like career because I've been exploiting the game to earn VC.
Shonzey0 Twitch	Not Recommended	30.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/shonzey0/	The game runs poorly, very poorly.  U.I is clunky, matchmaking is inconsistent at best, graphical glitches are frequent, just to name a few things.  Microtransactions aside it is borderline unplayable, and they don't seem to really care about fixing anything because they know they'll still make money from their core fans regardless because of those microtransactions.  2k18 had many of the same issues that were not addressed but I powered through it because I want to love the games.  Been a loyal 2k player since 2k5 but I think this is my last one for a bit.
Kristaps Porschengis	Not Recommended	142.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198119039493/	Horrible customer service. Unbelievable
LittleKeeN	Recommended	256.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198095074770/	Still pay2win sadly....But 2k is doign better, locker codes is better, league mode seems more realistic and mycareer is still fun. They also fixed many of the 2kanimations that made 2k18 almost unplayable. Its a fun game and a good time waster, but myteam and mycareer are still pay2win, myleague and most other gamemodes are better. Sadly 2k makes another game i have too not recommend.
poppers1992	Recommended	148.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198132125468/	gameplay and graphics are great. I had a good competitive team in my team within a couple of hours without having to spend any real money. After about 40 online games on myteam ive came across 2 people that i think were cheaters. There can be a little lag sometimes with online games but has been mostly good for me. So far id say the game is still good for pc but the online can be a little hit or miss, i would recommend getting the xbox or playstatin versions instead. If your just looking to ad a good basketball game to ur steam library and your mostly just intrested in the single player aspects of the game than this is a very good basketball game.
Dirty D Dirt	Recommended	148.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198033658480/	Pros: We get to skip cutscenes this year. Gameplay has improved. Less time to get to 90 and earn badges. Can request a trade the first year. Can skip the prelude. Lots of fun just like last year. Cons: The game is bugged when it comes to VC payouts. Gatorade and Nike combined owe me close to 20k vc by my estimations. 2k hasn't responded to any of my ticketed complaints(automated response only)  so it's hard to imagine they will pay me back.Do what is right 2k!!! Give us our VC!!! 
LilSoda	Not Recommended	526.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198360860894/	this game is ♥♥♥♥ED.1. playing HOF mycareer makes opponents sliders to 90 (90% making shots, contested)2. your myplayer moves slower than♥♥♥♥♥♥ even 85+ speed and 85+ acce3. reach in fouls every♥♥♥♥ingwhere4. unstoppable low post or high post. 5. dribbling too much in front of cp3, rubio or any other player that have 80+ steal rating, will cost turnover.6. your teammates defense is trash, unlike AI opponents7 ♥♥♥♥♥♥ animations8. ♥♥♥♥ 2k 
johnnychow	Not Recommended	107.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198426082650/	it is so unfair!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Archer	Not Recommended	6.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198008721949/	Horrible game, Mechanics are still horrible like last year, maybe even worse.
Hozzy	Recommended	24.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/realseshgod/	Product received for free
akira_toya2006	Recommended	90.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/akiratoya13/	Pros:1. I really enjoy my career and others ( the gameplay alone already the best and more realistic ). Love the defense.2. Graphic and animation are really great.3. Virtual Point system for increase attribute are really great. I not buy it at all and I can get to 81 overall, and enjoy playing in my career.Cons:1. I can't play with other people, I don't know why I have so much delay even if I have great internet connection. never have delay when play dota, or any other game.2. There's a bug I think... I can't load roster from other player ( Can't even search it when other people can.. ). I hope this bug will be fixed, I love to try kuroko roster that have been made by driftingquote.Basically, the most PROBLEM in NBA 2k19 is the server, on multiplayer.Those who don't want to play multiplayer, I suggest to buy this game because the gameplay alone makes it really great! I mean it..If developer or anybody can help me through with load roster from others, please comment here :).... Thank youuu!
DroneSniper	Recommended	6.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/xNoahx/	I understand why people are so mad at NBA 2K19, the VC system is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. HOWEVER.... I bought this game simply to play exhibition matches (sometimes with custom rosters) against the AI or friends locally. I can assure you, the basketball gameplay is fantastic. I have had lots of fun playing this. Also, don't discredit MyLEAGUE, lots of great stuff can happen in this mode too. BUY this game if you wanna play basketball with realistic rules, animations, and graphics. DO NOT BUY if you want to chop it up in MyCAREER or a mode with VC... ♥♥♥♥ that♥♥♥♥♥♥NOTE --> Do not buy the anniversary edition... there is no point if you stay away from MyTEAM anyways.
marlonwalker864	Recommended	91.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198157826377/	this game is a ♥♥♥♥IN CHEAT!!!!!!
ฺ	Recommended	76.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198131643361/	Good basketball game.
NighT	Recommended	156.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198096556497/	pretty good game other than microtrensactions
CalebSoLonely	Recommended	83.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/PandaNeedLuck/	Great now MYPlayer character has no name ............10/10 will not name my child
Monkey D. ToniTabe	Recommended	73.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ToniTabe/	Not as bad as everyone says
[DKNI] WhiteBearPooh	Recommended	23.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Jake03/	전작에 비해 현질하라는 압박이 덜한 것만으로도 강추.하지만, 그 네이버후드...는 좀 없앴으면 좋겠...
imaturtle1337	Not Recommended	3.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/imaturtle1337/	bad game
natey	Recommended	33.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/nateyy/	Product received for free
eko	Recommended	77.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/thelordandsaviour/	woah
seanyg88	Recommended	144.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198813034291/	Great game gets to much hate,
尺ㄖ丂乇⁶ 新 ドラゴン	Recommended	14.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198221725256/	BEST GAME EVER!!!!
Zaraki Kenpachi	Recommended	10.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/holytomato/	It's really the best sports game out there . period , I played 2k14 , 15 , 16 , 18 and that one is by far the best . Just awsome expirience , reccomended to anyone who likes the NBA , and basketball in general . 10/10
La.sabree	Recommended	69.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Lasabree/	JAMES HARDEN
Lyderis	Recommended	234.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/IgnasLT/	good
carsman05	Not Recommended	4.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/carsman05/	Would have bought if you could play with xbox players on pc.
Hardunit LT	Recommended	149.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198088417721/	Hello, i got problem, i have NBA 2k19, and before it worked perfect, but now i cant run, i press play, and doesnt work, nothing happens, i've tried reinstal.... and same problem. might you know solution? thanks
Pringles	Not Recommended	0.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198083371247/	Dont buy it.
Jamal	Recommended	14.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198800631799/	this game so good but defensive attackking so bad
akira_toya2006	Recommended	90.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/akiratoya13/	Pros:1. I really enjoy my career and others ( the gameplay alone already the best and more realistic ). Love the defense.2. Graphic and animation are really great.3. Virtual Point system for increase attribute are really great. I not buy it at all and I can get to 81 overall, and enjoy playing in my career.Cons:1. I can't play with other people, I don't know why I have so much delay even if I have great internet connection. never have delay when play dota, or any other game.2. There's a bug I think... I can't load roster from other player ( Can't even search it when other people can.. ). I hope this bug will be fixed, I love to try kuroko roster that have been made by driftingquote.Basically, the most PROBLEM in NBA 2k19 is the server, on multiplayer.Those who don't want to play multiplayer, I suggest to buy this game because the gameplay alone makes it really great! I mean it..If developer or anybody can help me through with load roster from others, please comment here :).... Thank youuu!
Hozzy	Recommended	24.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/realseshgod/	Product received for free
nauvoo	Recommended	0.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/nauvoo/	EA Sport is better than 2k in all the sports games, except NBA. This is awesome!!
DukeAmado1	Recommended	7.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/DUKEAMADO1/	kaboom
Icarus	Recommended	33.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/buddy4444l/	Nice game.
ME WHEN I HAVE TIME	Recommended	223.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Trump_2020/	very fun
Carnivex	Recommended	22.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kevingvn/	Honestly, the game is fun.I don't get why it has so much negative reviews, when the game is perfectly fine. Sure, it's a 2k game and like every 2k game its kind of a grind. Although, with 2k18 and 2k19 I found the grind to be quite fine. I played the MyCareer, along with the normal quick play which seemed to be great. The game wasn't as easy as 2k18 although it was still very fun. It's still filled with a thrilling feeling when a get a greenlight three, or when you posterize someone.
La.sabree	Recommended	69.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Lasabree/	JAMES HARDEN
BR	Recommended	91.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/YellowCrabSauce/	go suns
Monkey D. ToniTabe	Recommended	73.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ToniTabe/	Not as bad as everyone says
eko	Recommended	77.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/thelordandsaviour/	woah
seanyg88	Recommended	144.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198813034291/	Great game gets to much hate,
尺ㄖ丂乇⁶ 新 ドラゴン	Recommended	14.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198221725256/	BEST GAME EVER!!!!
Zaraki Kenpachi	Recommended	10.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/holytomato/	It's really the best sports game out there . period , I played 2k14 , 15 , 16 , 18 and that one is by far the best . Just awsome expirience , reccomended to anyone who likes the NBA , and basketball in general . 10/10
Kirigaya Kazuto	Recommended	202.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/glazeddonuthead/	2k gud game even do the micro transactions are bad.
DLavier	Recommended	119.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/DLavier/	What a step up from 2K18 I am very impressed.
GuardiaN	Recommended	104.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/avicenna18/	!!
MDM	Recommended	37.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/MDMOFFICAL/	...
ABARAI	Recommended	158.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198149074374/	best basketball game ever
CZM45	Recommended	129.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/marcezz/	Well! Finally we can skip cut-scenes again! :)
DannyG	Recommended	147.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198051459822/	Thanks for the best sport game.
mol35tern	Recommended	140.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mo1tern/	its good
Lil Abo Hassan Vert	Recommended	31.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/420blazitcopsonmyback/	fun with friends
mol35tern	Recommended	140.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mo1tern/	its good
Lil Abo Hassan Vert	Recommended	31.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/420blazitcopsonmyback/	fun with friends
DarthFlash	Recommended	87.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/T4PUnstable/	Pure Sharpshooter or nothing!If you do not do pay2win you must play pure sharpshooter or else you can't play well until 80 ovr.
Seulgifanboy	Not Recommended	73.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198198235461/	♥♥♥♥ing mike wang go suck a♥♥♥♥♥
1244393498	Not Recommended	171.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198410625697/	Rubbish game. It just sucks. Everything is weird. Don't buy it, that's absolutely ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.1. Whenever you try shooting, you will miss most of them even if you are a three-pointer shooting guard until it becomes totally green. what does it mean? A nba player with so terrible shooting skills, are you ♥♥♥♥ing kidding me?????!!!2. when you handle the ball and move forward, once you touch the opposite player then you will have to stop your move, stupid setting and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t AI. Every time you touch the opposite player you will stop and cling him. Another ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t setting, why do i need to stop when i am closed to opposite player?????? Can't i do a dodge? 3. you teammate always block your path, build obstacles whenever you try to make fast break all the time4. when you denfense, the ♥♥♥♥ing dumb referee just give you so many fouls if you have any idea to steal......♥♥♥♥ it! the goddamn referee, are you blind?  After playing these ♥♥♥♥ing rubbish games, I just wanna give billions of punches to all of ♥♥♥♥ing programmers who wrote stupid codes for this game, the ♥♥♥♥ing product manager, go to the hell, you ♥♥♥♥ing bustards!!!!!!
Hong Kong Journalists	Not Recommended	19.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/1062464285/	土豆泥做的服务器
ThroneX	Recommended	17.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198055837109/	Good gamehttps://youtu.be/8OtBUTEkFVY?list=PLpBVLiNEBD_WMtlLcWzk-MowKWoXwvOWI 
YoJa	Not Recommended	112.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/549470849/	 Just 2K18+1The same game with a new packing.Nah so good,not so bad. Warning:Think tweice before you buy it though you have enthusiasm for it.It has nothing to do with the game itself.But Visual Concepts and 2K Games still treat us in this indefferent manner.At least now,I will give 2K a negative comment. 👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎
Twitch.tv / DabGodX	Recommended	6.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198026711285/	LEBRON IS THE GOATalso look a blue reviewi actually like the game (offline)
BLIZ	Recommended	139.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198330934901/	As much as I love this game, it entirely ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. Just because I am a pure sharpshooter, doesn't mean I should miss a wide open layup like an autistic sixth grade girl. My character is supposed to be in the NBA for God's sake.
Twitch.tv / DabGodX	Recommended	6.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198026711285/	LEBRON IS THE GOATalso look a blue reviewi actually like the game (offline)
Uncle Jedediah	Recommended	41.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/unclejedediah/	I still like it tho ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ 
Havvik	Recommended	254.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198018781310/	if you like mycareer and other modes: buy it, it's goodif you're fan of multiplayer in anyway: don't
Kxng Jax	Recommended	269.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/freakus99/	I don't usually type reviews but right now I feel like I'm forced too because of the stupid community this game has.YES, this game IS pay to win. I don't support it but that's how games go these days and I'll live with it. I haven't spent a dime on VC or the game and I have a 30-4 win/lose in MyTeam with a subpar team (Best player Michael Finley for winning 12 in a row). I don't think there really is hackers in this game, the people typing that just suck. Singleplayer modes are fun and refined, I used to only play MyLeague for the realism but right now MyTeam has got me completely in and I love it. 2K let me build a 88 overall team with nothing but the auction house, a few lucky packs and selling silver players. Grinding domination for tokens is not really my thing so I don't really care too much about the diamonds.All for all this game is a step in the right direction for 2K sobeit the P2W feature, it's a sports game, not suppose to be this way but it doesn't really bother me since I don't bother with MyCareer.
registrs	Recommended	113.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198014931599/	Best NBA game from 2k in years. Was sceptical on buying it, but this year it was worth it.Improvements from lasīt year are almost un each category.
AsVilimas	Recommended	179.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198144588096/	weri gud gaym
Jecis12YT	Recommended	1.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/JacobKing12yt/	Product received for free
iTwistedSpartan	Recommended	385.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/iTwistedSpartan/	This game is what NBA 2K18 should, have been. Still has its flaws but a better game overall.
RoBoz	Recommended	65.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/iiRoBoz/	Incredibly smooth gameplay and top-notch graphics.  The best basketball game to date, but also the most frustrating.  CPU's defense does not let you even move and the difficulty settings are either too hard or easy.  The mycareer mode starts you at an extremely low overall expecting you to level up faster through microtransactions.  You have total control and endless options during mygm/myleague modes making this a perfect game for solo players.  The mycareer characters are more likeable and the story is more interesting than years past.  Overall 8/10
Chainker_	Not Recommended	272.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198407390221/	突破没18那么无脑了 梦幻球队游戏体验比18好多了
Bobice	Recommended	27.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/bobice/	Typical 2K
ANGRY ROCK	Recommended	114.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Nikinieks/	I love Nba and i love negative games.
MrMiDe	Recommended	123.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/MrMiDe/	6.69/10
AWC007	Recommended	41.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198398448576/	IN OVERALL, i recommend this game.But i will explain as follows.So I will talk about what I dont like first.1. IN the mycareer mode, bugs and lags happen some of the time. Like it just take me extra time to wait for the lag.(I am sure it is not a problem with my computer.) 2. The imput is delayed some of the time. For example, after I receive a pass, I wanna pull the shot immediately. However, I donno why sometimes it delayed. (Not a problem with my controller too)3. IN the court practise, some of my shots doesn't count.4. Still, there are much hackers!5. As the previous 2k, the server is slow!which make my shot in mypark is like delayed and I cant time my shot right.6. The shot meter is werid this year and i prefer last year's.7. The graphics look similar.And the main disagreement is other than the story of mycareer, the mode mycareer is almost the same as 2k18. There is almost nth change. There are new elements but nth make me wow. The facilities just look the same and I am bored with it actually.The above problems are just minor if u are not requesting that much.And here are what I like.1. The menu of 2k19 is fantastic. I can see there are new designs on it. Love it!2. The storyline of mycareer mode is awesome! The best over the years!3. Myteam mode has more new elements and they are cool.4. There are much more celebrating animations to choose! Love that!5. The cutscenes cant  be cut and it is awesome for ppl who wanna open muti character. (Actually 2k use this method to speed u up in buying vc for new character!)To conclude, 2k this year look way better.  But the gameplay is not improved. Some even thinks that the gameplay gone worse, I dont know. But it is acceptable for me. Animations are reli the most important for the game actually. Those new flashy moves and post moves are fantastic. Awesoome to make a move like that.Despite no clear improvements is made, it is still a good game.
Babbiez	Recommended	151.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198035714781/	Great improvement on My Career this year. They put a lot of love in the prequel and it shows. Ignore the negative reviews if you just play solo. Take over meter and badge/ archetype systems feel great as compared to previous years. I made a Post/ 3pt PF that I love. Enjoy!
Sictata	Recommended	0.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198836773537/	Garbage
VAC Efron	Not Recommended	88.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/BlasT1234/	So lazy that they cant even change key signs for keyboard players.If you want to do something you have to mash every key on your keyboard hoping you will find the right one,maybe, if you are lucky, you will find it.Some things you cant even access because its not adapted for keyboard.Every year same problem.
y.y	Not Recommended	52.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/japshawty/	♥♥♥♥
NeptooN	Recommended	204.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Colton5054/	MyLeague is good as ever, MyCareer is pretty, fun, still a grind to get enough VC to do♥♥♥♥♥♥ MyTeam is cool, I enjoy the game. Thumbs up from me.
tood howad	Recommended	40.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/stevencsgosilver2weeb/	this game is wack 10/10
tood howad	Recommended	40.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/stevencsgosilver2weeb/	this game is wack 10/10
VvEeNnOoMm	Recommended	99.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198842193414/	it doesmt matter at all if u are 99 or 60 if ur over 7ft U STILL HAVE THE SAME F*CKING ABILLITIES AND CAN DO THE SAME ITS SOI ANNOYING
Marcus	Recommended	64.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/MarcusCM/	Story: -Gameplay: 90Graphics: 83Sound: 94OVERALL: 89
tt	Recommended	8.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198175567701/	Pretty good game, just not worth $59.99 :)
Fuckboy69	Recommended	1.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/deivplayz/	Very good and exciting game. Only bad part about it is that a new version of the game comes out every year. So unless its on discount I wouldnt pay too much for a game that will come out next year. My career mode is nice and good. Best basketball game you can get in 2018/2019!
DaCrispy	Recommended	83.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198439987325/	My favorite Current Gen 2K to date. The mods for this year are amazing thanks to the people over at NLSC. The MyCareer is an improvement. Pro-Am walk on was better than the Jordan Rec Centre which to be honest sucks. Playground is much better. Easier to earn VC this year although it is still a grind. MyLeague is as deep as always and I really like the MyGM story. If you are thinking of buying this game as a NBA fan then I would say go for it!
Zizou	Recommended	44.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198210257499/	As someone who has not even opened MyCareer yet, the game is decent. I have not paid a single penny past the base game price and I'm OK with that. Usually, I play MyLeague which allows me to customise a lot. As a result, I genuinely feel like it's my league. That being said, it gets repetitive after a while. On 2k18, I created a player and went 22 seasons with him (19 to 41) and it was as if it was MyCareer. However, that tells you about MyCareer. The fact that I had to do this on MyLeague is enough to clarify that MyCareer sucks due to; hackers, micro-transactions, glitches, scripts, and more.If you like basketball and have the time and energy to play MyLeague then do so. If you want to buy it to play with friends, that's cool, too. If you want to buy it for MyCareer, save your money as it is NOT worth it.
Dangercat168	Recommended	3.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198144489661/	may be just cause it was a trial but the where was the career mode witch all the off court stuff and cut scenes. the career was just bland regular create a player and play 1 man
Somali Bae	Recommended	75.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/quacken21/	better than 2k18
carmills	Recommended	54.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198047003017/	At first I was sceptical given this game has a 24% rating upon writing this review.  I guess most of the negative feedback are coming from online gaming and VC.I play this game mostly for single player exhibition games and never bother with the rest of the game modes.  Coming from NBA 2k17, I can say that this is a big improvement.  The game feels much more fluid and setting teammates for shots feel much more real.  Defense is much better in this game as well and you have to work hard to properly defend.  Slack off and the AI will beat you with their array of moves any time.  The players move like their real life counterparts.  I play lakers being a Lebron fan and Javale McGee does his salute after he dunks.  Lebron, well he is definitely Lebron in this game toasting his defenders left and right.I tried playing GS Warriors and oh my it was so much fun playing Steph since he can shoot from pretty much past the half court line which is how he is in real life.I have no regrets buying this game!!!  My advise is if you are a single player guy who just loves playing exhibition games againts the IA, you will not regret buying this game.
Loukas_St	Not Recommended	5.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198281160012/	Well, microtransactions are not so bad for someone who doesn't play online matches.But the real problem is something else. Julius Randle!!! How a player with D on 3p shot can score 4/4 3p, some of them withintense defense. Please 2K, fix this bug (or delete this♥♥♥♥♥♥player one and for all from your games) and i will give you thumbs up!
34:47	Recommended	36.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198315113993/	Good game to play
DaCrispy	Recommended	83.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198439987325/	My favorite Current Gen 2K to date. The mods for this year are amazing thanks to the people over at NLSC. The MyCareer is an improvement. Pro-Am walk on was better than the Jordan Rec Centre which to be honest sucks. Playground is much better. Easier to earn VC this year although it is still a grind. MyLeague is as deep as always and I really like the MyGM story. If you are thinking of buying this game as a NBA fan then I would say go for it!
i'm retarded & ahead of schedule	Recommended	58.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/WittyManager/	can confirm that GTX 745 OEM struggles to run minecraft
Noff	Recommended	97.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198085620203/	It pretty good i guess
jansen-lukas	Recommended	68.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jansen-lukas/	nice game
Saiyanas	Recommended	215.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Linksmutis/	Game is broken but fun
musicevangelist	Recommended	62.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198133202685/	Enjoyable but does cost a lot to progress in the game. It is almost mandatory to buy VC if you want to have success as a player
Surbhit	Recommended	0.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/surbhitpratik/	Super fun Underrated game
Aki	Recommended	79.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198254336836/	Product received for free
Noff	Recommended	97.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198085620203/	It pretty good i guess
jansen-lukas	Recommended	68.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jansen-lukas/	nice game
Surbhit	Recommended	0.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/surbhitpratik/	Super fun Underrated game
andysalad	Recommended	167.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/NaLabois/	"pass me the rock draymond u know u a** aint gonna make it"
Pepe Bizon	Recommended	25.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/pando504/	If you have played 2k17,skipped 2k18 then you might think this is♥♥♥♥♥♥butt if you did play 2k18 then you will know this is the best 2k for a long♥♥♥♥♥time :)
Mirec	Recommended	143.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mirecjetu/	-Great Graphics-Nearly All Players-A lot of modes- Great Gameplay-Lags-Servers unstable-Bugs glitches
Dev.Firegod	Recommended	424.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Firegodlol/	one of the best game ever
reyajshrestha1	Recommended	20.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198837997502/	SUP
GK	Not Recommended	180.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/gjoso/	Overwhelmingly Negative
realnigz40	Recommended	11.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198361781115/	it's cool.
Sharpshooter	Recommended	245.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/panquecafria/	In general it is a very good game, especially for those that dont play too much online against other players, the prelude has a very captivating story, and after you get in the NBA often you get to know some players on the other teams... The Neighborhood and the lag playing online is a little bit annoying, but nothing that you cant live without...
Taksikoer	Recommended	113.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198212347563/	Pros:- it is actually possible to play defense this year, but it seems you need to have high speed and quickness to do so- shooting mechanics and logic is way better and you can actually make shots- Influencing rotation minutes in Mycareer is a nice touch (you can lower your own minutes and give others more playing time)Cons:- microtransactions are still a big part of the game- playing online was too overrun with almost 99 ovr players, who can seemingly do everything- bumping in game was still a bit too much, especially from the CPU side- CPU defense is sometimes almost impossible to beat- CPU defense seems to know exactly where you're going to pass and even when facing backwards, they rotate 360 degrees and intercept the pass easily- Only playable gameplay difficulty is pro, anything harder is simply gonna make the CPU almost unbeatable and your team miss the easiest shots and your team is not even gonna take the easiest shots- Pro difficulty is too easy and the next difficulty ruins all the fun.- The Mycareer story is simply random again, going undrafted and playing in China etcWith my 100+ hours of playing time, I haven't really played any other modes but Mycareer, which I bought the game for mostly.Even though it is a bit too overpriced and has a lot of flaws (which are pretty minor), it is a good basketball game, that can be enjoyed with pro difficulty against CPU or playing with friends.I don't regret buying the game.
TG 13	Recommended	339.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TGYGTrece/	.
BirchiTV	Recommended	106.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198114158256/	upgrades across the board, this is the best 2k there has been in a very long time. the divine gameplay is miles ahead of previous games, with defense being completely restructered from the foundation up, making it so you will have to run plays and actually use your head instead of blatant emptiness. many filler 'content' such as coaching and story has been vastily improved apon this year, where you can tell a good from bad coach, and bad teammates wont get you involved and so on. this is the only 2k that has ever rewarded you for sharing the ball or if you get a wide open shot you will make it, there is a learning curve but its extreamly refreshing, its most definitely not a copy paste. mycareer actually takes time and make it feel like you have to climb a mountain to become a starter, and feels very realistic. most importantly, you dont have to spend any money, its not a cash grab this year! highly recommend dispite negative reviews (dont do online, offline game is fantastic)
Alexa Petrova	Recommended	311.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198256520319/	Best Basketball game so far its smooth and a lot of fun to playMyCareer is truely amazing this year MyGM/League is also a big inprovment with the Traditional Version back but also the new Story versionHystoric Draftclasses are truely amazing you can for instance readd old drafts to the league like MJ's draft or Kobe tmac or Iverson.Due to Law Resitctions MyTeam is terrible this year as in the Netherlands you cant access the auction house for MyTeam making it useless to play
TechnicalGamerz	Recommended	56.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/technicalgam3r/	Great for single player obviously, loved the story line this year. I usually only buy 2K on console, but since i have a job that has me traveling around for months at a time,i decided to purchased it on PC because i take my alienware laptop on the road. With that in mind, i'm aware of the claims of "Hackers" online, but what game doesn't have hackers on PC nowadays. If you want to get 2K19 for the online play, then i advise just getting it on console. I only wanted it to destroy my friends, play MyCareer and MyGM. So its perfect for me!
madshark748	Not Recommended	189.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/par0ts/	Product received for free
dimesmakesbeats	Recommended	34.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/dimesmakesbeats/	I'm starting to think people on Steam are just bad at the game. I can't figure out why every year 2k gets a terrible rating on Steam although I really enjoy playing it. I've been playing 2k since the first 2k's with Allen Iverson on the cover and it's amazing how far this game has come in gameplay and graphics. People should truly appreciate this game being on steam before 2k just decides to stop releasing it on Steam.
N1ghT < R Λ Z Ξ R >	Recommended	22.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/N1ghT007/	i like it
BubbyBoy	Recommended	7.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198843038898/	Product received for free
carton of milk man	Not Recommended	0.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mmph/	Product received for free
spalle2023	Recommended	14.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198870954420/	Good gameplay and graphics. Sometimes the game crashes but its ok but if you really want to spend your time play the MyGm mode
rootinestandtootinestcowbo	Recommended	12.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kkk123niggerno/	black man does dunk, another black man does dunk, another black man does dunk,black man does dunk, another black man does dunk, another black man does dunk,black man does dunk, another black man does dunk, another black man does dunk,black man does dunk, another black man does dunk, another black man does dunk,black man does dunk, another black man does dunk, another black man does dunk,black man does dunk, another black man does dunk, another black man does dunk,black man does dunk, another black man does dunk, another black man does dunk,black man does dunk, another black man does dunk, another black man does dunk,black man does dunk, another black man does dunk, another black man does dunk,black man does dunk, another black man does dunk, another black man does dunk,black man does dunk, another black man does dunk, another black man does dunk,black man does dunk, another black man does dunk, another black man does dunk,black man does dunk, another black man does dunk, another black man does dunk,black man does dunk, another black man does dunk, another black man does dunk,black man does dunk, another black man does dunk, another black man does dunk,black man does dunk, another black man does dunk, another black man does dunk,black man does dunk, another black man does dunk, another black man does dunk,black man does dunk, another black man does dunk, another black man does dunk,black man does dunk, another black man does dunk, another black man does dunk,black man does dunk, another black man does dunk, another black man does dunk,black man does dunk, another black man does dunk, another black man does dunk,black man does dunk, another black man does dunk, another black man does dunk,black man does dunk, another black man does dunk, another black man does dunk,black man does dunk, another black man does dunk, another black man does dunk,black man does dunk, another black man does dunk, another black man does dunk, WIN
DjWanteD	Recommended	135.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/anelan/	I dont play competitive park or anything, i just enjoy single player on myplayer and for me the game is fine, yes u need to grind to get 99 but thats the whole reason to play, there is no reason to get 99 or by vc and play mycarrer, the whine about vc subject has no valid point. The mode where proAm and park is based is myplayer, myplayer was a grind mode from the start and thats what makes the mode itself start from 60 get to 99. Yes u need to grind to get 99 yes u maybe need to play 1 full season to get it but i enjoy it.TLDR if u enjoy solo play, and have small interest for competitive park etc the game is fine and an improvement from the previous one. no regrets from buying it, even though i havent bought a 2k from 17.
show point	Recommended	29.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/spenser1234/	great game to play for the story
mongi	Recommended	193.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mastermona/	The grinding is lifelike. So much so that you have to absolutely commit to grinding you cannot have a real life. Or you are incredibly rich to play this. This game cost 200 dollars to actually comfortably play as a casual. The more money you give to it the better your experience. 10/10 reccomended because elon musk is my father and i can buy everything i want.HOWEVER despite that the support is brilliant. They actually reply to your complaints and questions and they reply fast (10 minutes for the replies and solves) so that's a plus for me.
Strong	Recommended	172.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198852721965/	Playing the game just for MyCareer and everything seems fun for me. Recommended to people who just want to play casually. :)
Bulletproofpapp	Recommended	102.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/bulletproofpapp/	Game is actually not bad on PC, Mycareer is pretty dope and overall good basketball game. Game is pretty populated online as well despite all the cheating talk.
CTS	Recommended	135.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198833623112/	Better than NBA 2k18, Thats all.
Daijobu Psyduck	Recommended	85.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kevinnn408/	Mycareer is really fun to play. i some play mypark but some time its get laggy for me. Overall i still enjoying playing this game even tho wanna rip my hair when i miss my  3pts shots
Duddy	Recommended	66.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/DuddyDuke/	Great Game! Worth A Buy!
Bulletproofpapp	Recommended	102.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/bulletproofpapp/	Game is actually not bad on PC, Mycareer is pretty dope and overall good basketball game. Game is pretty populated online as well despite all the cheating talk.
CTS	Recommended	135.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198833623112/	Better than NBA 2k18, Thats all.
Momochi	Recommended	68.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198848457720/	bought on sale, worth it since i just play single player modes and have not run into any problems. I can see why people would not buy if there are cheaters in online mode.
GuessWhoNot	Recommended	278.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198216452347/	Why do we keep dissing this game so much when there's too much to love about it? The versatility we get in 2K now is amazing compared with 2K's of the past and really many other video games available on platforms such as Steam. Y'all wack. I was so happy when I first started to get to play 2K because of all the stuff I was able to do, and I've only become happier as they've brought more and more to the game each year. We should all be thankful for what this has to offer compared to literally every other basketball-related or really any other sports-related video game.
Suur Pauk	Recommended	15.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/HDBGG/	I think it deserves the money (worth it)
Treebs	Recommended	59.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198172306779/	Good game if you stay away form online (lots of cheaters). the game is fun with good graphics and lots of playable mods and famous names to play as!
kranka {FA}	Recommended	43.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kranka/	would be way better if it wasn't pay to win
waihoe41	Recommended	167.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198855262961/	very nice 
xd TGN	Recommended	3.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198401053863/	Product received for free
97PRODUCKSHUNS	Recommended	238.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198160509040/	better than 18
Blasko	Recommended	148.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198013937413/	After putting about 80 hours into this game and getting two different players leveled up well enough to take on hall of fame difficulty without the game being impossible, I have a few things to say. This is my favorite game and it has been a blast. While I hate microtransactions and think that premium paid for games should have none of that BS, the game does make it to where you can earn enough VC to support yourself without paying for it with cash. To explain to those who may be on the fence, I do buy boosts. I get 800 worth of boosts per game. I also use gatoraid boosts every game. However, my gatoraid boosts are free because of the Gatoraid contract my players have- and the 800 per game is covered by the last games earnings. I usually pull in about 1.5k VC per game. I also pick up the 1k+ VC sponsored events from Footlocker and Gatoraid- and I also pick up the VC daily rewards. (I.e. 2.5k VC for winning 5 games in any mode, which I did today).If "daily" stuff bothers you because you can't play all the time, no problem. If you aren't playing, you aren't spending either. This is where the VC stuff comes in to bite people in the ***. Clothes, shoes, animations, tatoos- things like that. NONE of those really help you in game outside of animations that effect plays, but this game has a ton of unlocks as you rank up so those are mostly for flash. If people choose to walk around with some kind of silly walk, jog with a silly animation or run with those god awful animations, yeah, they are going to cost some VC that will cut into your balling budget. I only bought my teams personalized jeresy, matching game shorts, my nba court approved bands and compression gear, about four pair of shoes (Shaqnosis for home and away games and some for the neighborhood) and the althetic dunk animations for flash. So, what about paying for attributes? Well, thats were you have to play well, and budget. This game is doable without paying for VC with cash. The trick is to not worry about getting a damn skateboard in a basketball game... or a bike. Don't worry about dancing like an idiot in front of a bunch of AFKers and focus on the court stuff and you will be fine. This game is about progression. Your speed of that progression depends on you and your speed- its your game. Don't worry about seeing people of a higher rank. Just play and you'll get there. Yeah, its frustraiting starting out. I've done it twice and its lame when you can't make shots. BUT, you can set screens. You can run plays and you can get easy buckets. This game looks great (make sure you set your gaming graphics card to run this because my rig auto set to use  the on board card and it looked like trash and ran at about 10fps). This game is fun, fast, and brings the BEST my player story to the table. FAR better than ANY that I've played before. The vey reason why I went back around again was because of how much I enjoyed the story and I will probably do it again. I never thought I'd have gotten blind sided by a sports game story line but its good and its all in there. Give it a shot. Out of 5 stars, I give this game an arbitrary 6 dancing bears out of 2 toyotas.
kawaii	Recommended	288.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198267690974/	kawhi
God Kefka	Recommended	35.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kefka24/	I have played alot of NBA 2K games and I gotta say, this one is a slight improvement from 2K18 but the grind is still real (atleast for the my carreer). I exclusively play MyCareer and I've been enjoying my time playing this game. One improvement could be the amount of VC you gain. I feel like it can still be improved because the grind for the badges is seriously alot of work and one lee-way for players is to increase VC so they don't have to worry about the upgrading as much and have more freedom with styling your character. I've spent 15 hours on MyCareer and the only visual freedom I have with my character is his hair.
hamburgers666	Recommended	9.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/hamburgers666/	The story in this game is phenomenal. Just working up to become an NBA player is so satisfying! It seems like they outdid themselves in the single player mode. If you don't plan on playing online, then you will love this game!
uwu	Recommended	31.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/1HPADREAM/	the game is fantastic with the addition of cheathappens trainer e z money
Negan	Recommended	132.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/adidasmaster/	Why so many bad reviews? This game is pretty good, I know the beginning of MyCareer sucks but you should start getting good at like 65 OVR, I mean my player started being decent against AI when I reached 65 OVR. I haven't played MyPark yet, so I can't say anything about that, but I really like the MyCareer mode this year, it's harder than 2K18 but it's good this way, you can't hit every difficult shot this year which makes the game alot more fun and more challenging. Playing with the ball feels super smooth. Layups, 3's, 2's and Dunks are pretty satisfying in this game, alot better than in NBA2K18. The only thing I really hate about this game is the defense this year, it seems a bit random and the steals are hella cheesy. But other than that the game is amazing, just get used to your player, get your badges, upgrade your player and just don't do risky plays, then you should be good.
Fat Gonjewn	Recommended	45.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198362177341/	man look i havent played online so i dont know anything about the cheating but the local gameplay on 2k19 is more solid than its ever been if youre a fan of the series i gaurantee you wont be dissapointed especially by the mycareer its extremely engaging 
Poprumble	Recommended	50.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198116663566/	This game is hated on too much. The reality of this game being hated on so much is that it is a console game and with console games there are lot of pay to win games. So with that said you still can grind and get what people that are paying can its just how much time do you want to put in. Gameplay is really good, but that being said 2k wouldnt be itself without bumb steals.
Noxxys	Recommended	37.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/noxxys/	After 26 hours playing My Career, I can say that this game doesn't deserve a negative rating. It's nice to take a stand against microtransactions, and it was done rightfully for NBA 2K18, but the game is much more generous this year and the rating should reflect its merits as a video game.Improvements compared to last year:- It's much easier to earn VC now. You get more VC per game and out of the endorsements. I have never felt forced to buy VC in 26 hours.- The game is also a bit less greedy in consuming your VC (haircuts for example), but clothing is still a bit expensive.- Your character earns badges much faster, partly thanks 4 drills per training session.- There are more drills, and since there is one drill per badge, you can now easily train the badge of your choice- You don't have to go to the gym as often as before to recharge your boost.- The My Career story is very nice, although it's all condensed in a few hours at the beginning of the game. After that, you get the same kind of cutscenes as last year, although they are less stupid (B-Fresh anyone?).- Gameplay is as good as usual, with a few improvements (after playing NBA Live 19, it's obvious that 2K is more realistic... although Live is still fun to play).- Graphics are as good as usual, with some additional presentation during NBA games.- The Neighborhood is now a big square and easier to nagivate.- The menus are better and allow you to go where you want much faster.I can't find anything that I like less than last year. So it's a step in the right direction. I can't talk about game modes since I only play My Career.
996	Recommended	298.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kenneth2k27/	The game actually improved in every aspect. Specially in MyCareer mode which i mainly play. If you like to play single player or play co op with your friends you wont be dissapointed. My rig is only a little bit better than the minimum requirements yet i can run it smoothly.Microtransactions are not that bad compared to previous NBA2K titles and not as bad as what people talk about on reviews and discussions on steam, all the hair cuts are free, lots of the MyCourt customization are free, plenty of great animations are free too except for nba athletes animations which only cost 250 VC.  One of the cool things is that after an NBA game, you can choose wether to play another game, go to the neighborhood or to the team practice facility straight from the locker room. Many posted a negative review just because of the microtransactions and online players that are ruined by cheaters. And there are players that hate on the game just because something that they want to be added was never added to the game. I feel like some of the constant hate 2K is getting is from salty players that gets wrecked online by cheaters (some people on the discussion or in review stating that they hate cheaters yet has a VAC ban record on steam) , suck at the game, and salty players that hate microtransactions. DO NOT ♥♥♥♥ING BUY IF YOUR MINDSET IS TO POST A NEGATIVE REVIEW ON ONE SMALL, NON-GAME BREAKING BUG, THIS GAME'S STEAM COMMUNITY IS ONE BIG CANCER (online players).===[ ❤ Audience: ]=== ☑ Kids☑ Everyone☑ Casual players☑ Pro players===[ ☼ Graphics: ]=== ☐ Potato☐ Really bad☐ Bad☐ OK☑ Good ☐ Beautiful ☐ Masterpiece===[ $ Price/quality: ]=== ☐ Pay 10x more than full price☑ Full price☑ Wait for sale☐ Average☐ Refund it if you can☐ Don't do it ===[ ♬ Story] === ☐ It doesn't have☐ Still better than Twilight☐ Average☑ Good☐ Fantastic 
Denman	Recommended	30.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SupremeXpalace/	I don't get why people are complaing about this game, i mean yes they have microtrasactions, like 1000's of other games, if you don't like the microtransactions you can always grind like the rest of us ;), and yes they have hackers, again like 1000's of other games such as COD and FIFA.I've seen a lot of people complain that it's the same game as last year, but honestly 2k has made many changes, including the mycarrer, and making the game feel more smooth when playing. I wonder what people expect, it's not because there are many things to change besides the gameplay feel, becuase it's not like the rules or the entire way you play basketball is going to change from one day to another, and neither will the game.I also played NBA 2k18, in which i thought they made it a lot better than the previous one, just like they've made 2k19 better than 2k18.10/10 will also buy 2k20
pauebtg	Recommended	8.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198342023712/	I don't know what everybody is so worked up about.  If you're a basketball fan and you either want to go through an 82 game season with your favorite team or maybe just play with a friend.  This game does what it's suppose to do and then some.  I've been following the NBA since the Championship Rockets teams of the early 90's, playing basketball games from NBA Live on Genesis, Kobe NBA Courtside 2 N64, to NBA Live 2003-2006 on PC, from the 2k Series 09 until 19.  And this is by far the best basketball game an NBA fan could ever ask for.  It's packed with so much content to please us basketball fans.  I don't care about all the micro transactions people are complaining about.  I don't even play MyPlayer or whatever it's called.  I just like to play MyLeague or go through 82 games for several seasons.  I'm loving all the Historic Teams as well. It's funny I don't even care about having to buy VC like alot of these people, but I'm still making plenty VC just by playing the game Lol.My only 2 biggest complaints I've seen so far are some glitches that I hope they can fix in a future patch like clipping in uniforms.  Also in my 1st hour of play, my save game got corrupted and I had to start over.  Which worries me that what if I put so many hours into this game just for it to happen again.  Thankfully it hasn't.  I definitely recommend this game and I'm glad I bought it.
s1mpleS	Recommended	75.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198281653923/	There is alot of people hating on this game but its deffinently better than 2k18. If you are a my team player you will probobly enjoy this game but if you are a my career player than you might dislike some parts of the game. Personaly i think the game is good and if you like basketball games then you wont find a better 1.
Sergeant_Stoner	Recommended	61.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SergeantStoner/	If you play for park only, don't bother getting this game on PC as it has a load of cheaters. Lets be real though, who on earth spends $60 just to play MyPark? It's a ♥♥♥♥ing mini-game, not an actual game mode. However, if you play MyCareer, MyGM or other modes this game is definitely worth getting. MyCareer has definitely improved. Skippable cut scenes, enjoyable prelude, better progression system, more endorsements etc. I can imagine sinking at least hundreds of hours into playing just MyCareer and myGM alone. So far, the GM story seems engaging. The defense this year from CPU is a lot harder as people were complaining about blow bys last year. If you're not willing to learn, I probably wouldn't get the game as it is pretty frustrating if you try and force shots. You need to find small gaps in the defense. Personally, I think they may have overdone it a bit for defense though as even garbage defenders can lock you down if you're not careful. Only red flag is they nerfed VC gain in the past 12-24 hours, but it's nothing like last year's VC progression system.
Century	Recommended	354.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/thecentury/	NBA 2K19 might be the best 2K ever - free haircuts and facial hair are back, Ante-Up now features fortune wheel with a lot of  great prizes you can win, VC grinding is minimized, you can get 900+VC on every single MyCareer match no matter how long or how productive you've played. The game itself is a lot smoother, menu and interface is probably the best you can get. All I can see is negative reviews because of the cheaters and these reviews ar ruining the game, it deserved more. And to be honest, I've been in a park quite a lot now and I've never met cheaters in my experience yet. All in all, you should definetily buy it.
Frozen_Killer	Recommended	86.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198132297040/	WHY THE DEFENDERS IS TOO HARD TO PASS?
ProSchmidt	Recommended	80.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ProSchmidt/	They see me playin dat 2k doe! Take ya ankles real quick ya heard me jabusiness?
khan_aasil	Recommended	123.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198118843057/	Great game microtransactions optional difficulty realistic
Ray ShadowZ	Recommended	57.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/raynation4lyfe/	Its good but the 2k music could be better
BlackIce	Recommended	100.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198299382977/	My Career:Hall of Fame difficultyThe CPU can literally make everything even if you play good defense. Also if I'm a pure playmaker with 90 overall ball handling I should not be getting ripped by CP3, Patrick Beverly, or Marcus Young every damn time I bring the ball up the court. I would not consider myself trash by no means we have a 29-3 record. Also the whole switching of the screen is terrible when im literally on my dude yet I'm suppose to be on the other guy rolling to the rim. Which of course he scores and brings my teammate grade down or costs my takeover meter to vanish. Also the CPU on my team commiting stupid fouls (trying to steal) with 7secs left on the shot clock is mad annoying. Overall the My Career is good but they really need to work on the CPU tendencies.My Park: Only complaint is the freezing after a win and than I have to close the game. It for sure is laggy but nothing to major. I really enjoy playing My Park.I would still recommend this game!
Dk17o	Recommended	103.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198800864971/	It's a great game but who are a rookie in this kind of game will find a really difficult game. Another thing is why the turbo cam don't exist more?
El Hombre Sponge	Recommended	35.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198112161287/	Runs Smoother than 2k18,Havent seen any cheaters,Microtransactions are just something you gotta live with.
Sandman	Recommended	26.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198277696638/	As long its basketball, I'm cool with it. I really enoyed the MyCareer Story mode. Better than the previous ones.
Lil propeleris	Recommended	335.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198844276147/	Good game
bruce	Recommended	43.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/brunderpants/	it good
axing	Recommended	25.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Axing7777/	Good game, buy now
@Dloading	Recommended	253.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/cle0/	This game cool mayne. Gameplay be smoothe mayne. Green lights when I shoot mayne. You got squads I got crews mayne. In the neighbourhood, yeah I cruise mayne. I mean don't get it confused mayne. You pull up to the park, you gone lose mayne. Honestly I'm the king of that. Don't play wit me. Young clamp god, point god, sauce god. Leave you with your back on the floor mayne. Like the game cool and all that, but it's just too easy for me.  
dmacel	Recommended	82.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/dmacelAuris/	Better game performance, game more smoother. Interesting my career start with China league n stuff. Great game. 10/10
Depression	Recommended	298.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/DepressedNibbaBoi/	goodstill(edit)
🖕-SVJ.Garzkingjames-🖕	Recommended	593.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198853952461/	how I can chage the gamespeed of my career?
ΔzZnEe	Recommended	100.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/azznekek/	Bruh.... I bought before the sale... FFFFFF
Xelect	Recommended	89.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198086619386/	People complaining are doing so becaue they have no clue how to play basketball well.  They also dont want to put the time in to grind and learn.  2k19 is awesome, the grind is real the difficulty is at a healthy level and the amount of content is really good this year.  I havent met a single cheater in Rec yet
Suupersour	Recommended	185.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198331002178/	Best 2k of ALL TIME
InHumane_Goatrection	Recommended	157.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198274848573/	One of the best games that is worth 80+ dollars, the only down side is thag it is pay-to-win
looped__	Recommended	123.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/LoopedEZ/	does anyone know why it doesn't let me buy vc?
Seanツ	Recommended	35.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198047049131/	10/10 Solid game!!! 👌
KickAss21	Recommended	59.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198335146603/	good game
VR Dev	Recommended	118.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198334839241/	Year after year 2K gets slammed in reviews. But it remains the best basketball game on the market. A quality title by a studio who a lot of people have disdain for.
Mendel  gamdom.com	Recommended	238.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/MendelbauM/	After a week of playing, I can tell this game is great, much better than 2k18 or 2k17.They fixed alot of small annoying issues and made the game much more better.
TripppleS	Recommended	88.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/CharlesDohhh/	Another great entry in the series. Improved on last year's title game works great! Had some issues when in full screen but full screen windowed resolved my issues and I'd rather play that way anyway.
cant game	Recommended	244.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198254027607/	BEST GAME EVER. FREE JUMPSHOT <3
Dusha	Recommended	85.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/DushaLT/	Single-Player = Good, Multiplayer = BadIf you play Single-Player gamemodes this game is good, better than 2K18, ofc has some issues at start, but I like it. MyCareer looks better, now you level up faster, haircuts are free, neighbourhood is more comfortable compared to previous one, plot is much better and it's not that cringe. MyLeague / Season / Play Now - Gameplay is better than it was in 2K18, but it's very hard to defend CPU (playing at All-Star) and that's the only problem here. However, if you are buying this game to play Multiplayer gamemodes - I don't recommend it, because of cheaters, lags and etc.  
Lee Rae Gaming	Recommended	212.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ZURAZURANEPUNEPU/	Here is usually what I see from most people who buy this, "microtransaction this, microtransaction that" ugh same♥♥♥♥♥♥you see in EA but I'm here to give my honest opinion. Yes the game is somewhat pay to win now, but has it occured to any of you that the reason why 2K gives us these kinds of♥♥♥♥♥♥is that they're telling us you either earn your way or you buy it. I personally don't appreciate it but I gotta suck it up and earn my vc rather than waste my money and buy coz I won't be thrilled in acquiring♥♥♥♥♥♥through money. Remember idiots money shows which part of you actually want to grind to improve and which one is lazy. Lastly HARD WORK, WORKS.
gawinter65	Recommended	313.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Gawinter65/	Product received for free
Simonspizza	Recommended	16.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198061746013/	Very good game better than the others buy it its nice if youre a ♥♥♥♥♥ like the other guys that think microtransactions ruin the game it doesn't they are just mad cause they bad very fun definetly a game i will play 50+ hours on
ChiLLUMINATI	Recommended	130.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/RealChiLLUMINATI/	ballout baby i ballin ♥♥♥♥♥ no discount
Twice is Love Once is Life	Recommended	196.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198162365016/	This game has so many problems but I have faith 2k will fix them (Please fix TeamGrading when I score don't give me a penalty for apparently holding the ball too long not my fault takes them 10 years to come in with the screen -_-)
King Kazma	Recommended	57.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198817336327/	WHy is it bad i like it people that hate it are stupid 
FP5SZ	Recommended	287.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/fpsstute/	^.^
King Overdose	Recommended	142.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/broken31/	this game is what 2k18 should be8/10better than FIFA and PES this year
^2yee	Recommended	70.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198375356465/	disclaimer: I mainly play offline, so any connectivity issues don't bother me.the gameplay has definitely improved. animations feel a lot smoother and you get rewarded for playing the passing lanes. soundtrack is pretty decent too.There is something that bothers me though. I am from the Netherlands, which means I don't have access to the auction house, yet I can still pull packs (go figure). this totally ruins MyTeam for me and renders collecting cards impossible. even if i pull a good player, I can only quicksell him for 500 mt. this leaves mycareer and other offline modes... I will upvote because the game is still a lot of fun but I really hope 2k will do something about this.
Hooch	Recommended	85.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197999666144/	 Exactly what i want out of 2k. People that are mad about something like microtransactions are basically mad at gaming in general.
KILLUMINATI	Recommended	305.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198193558879/	Hella good game tough. Dunno why these ♥♥♥♥♥s talkin bout crashes or somethin. Maybe u playin on box from your toys and sold yo wife for internet connection but i have no problems. No crashes e.t.c. Like tough but didn't test a Park. Heard about cheaters there but im still in prelude, Will see
★LilPeep★	Recommended	32.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jacobkhalifa/	Great game!
SmallTasty	Recommended	39.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198322837352/	People mad at micro transitions, stfu and get rich
Beast	Not Recommended	209.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198283155223/	The server is so bad, always make me disconnect and I have to restart, which I did so many times everyday, so many cheaters in the park as well, bad gaming experience......
Dart™	Not Recommended	216.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198167951362/	If you have already bought the game on the pc platform I believe I can be of help.Step 1 : Uninstall NBA 2K19 on steam.Step 2 : Go to your nearest Wal-Mart, buy a PS4/XBOX and a copy of the game.Step 3 : Be glad you wasted only your money and not your time on this garbage port they call a game.
redpapi	Not Recommended	109.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/crackkk123/	i like to play nba, i played my career to upgrade my badges for aprox 100hours but the game sucks so bad at my park. YO 2K the servers are broke!!!!!! don't buy it if you guys are expecting some good experiences!
Lil Creek	Not Recommended	65.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/justingonzalez47/	so heres my two cents about 2k19.Myleauge is very deep and customizable The game play is smooth and fun Mycareer story is in my personal opinon....TRASH.....but all the mycareer since they stared doing the more "story driven" thing have me garbage. so it suck and grindy.Myteam i refuse to touch because its a microtransaction hell hole.Online sucks the only way i can recommend this game is if your a big basketball fan like me and only play offline. then is a good game, but most of the modes besides Myleauge and blacktop suck. so most likley wait for a sale or just dont buy it if you think the offline modes aren't enough for $60
PenisMann	Not Recommended	32.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jckaos/	- servers are often down and rewards are buggy- teammate grades completely unbalanced- pay to win because grinding for VC takes forever- no new elements besides worse balance compared to 2k18I see no reason why someone should play this over an older 2k game..
Pinus&Vegena	Not Recommended	109.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/wechatneo/	Probably the worst 2k game ever played, them defences are insanely intense AF, can't even drive easily to paint... and is it just me??  The players in the game sprint slower than previous 2k game? And them screen are hard as rock SMH
SwagAholic40	Not Recommended	33.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198073358058/	This is the worst 2k to date. Game play is slwo and laggie, can't even get into MyCareer because the updates that are needed for the game to actually use the online features will nto download. Do yourself a favor and stop supporting this series. EA will soon serpass it with live as it very well should. 2k is going down in flames.
peytonschickenparm	Recommended	121.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/JTS2k18/	Only Bought to support Giannis tbh. Not a bad Basketball game, My Career has a decent story line, just finshed my rookie season. DEFINATELY has flaws. Otherwise, its the standard average ball game.
theFAB.action	Not Recommended	85.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198011024199/	shooting as rooky is a joke, no matter how hard you try open shots, you need green bar to hit anything, clearly this should force you to stupid microtransaction ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, instead of this you do 10 steals per game lol, this game stinks, no more nba2k for me in the next years, till nba2k16 its getting worse and worseadditionally there are some really annoying bugs like somtimes the gameball splits into two balls and you dont know what the actual ball is and thats just one example of really stupid bugsthis is no tripple A title, its crap
prxmty	Not Recommended	82.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Julsxcesar/	♥♥♥♥♥♥ serverso-so game
diamond3dgecuts	Not Recommended	61.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/khmaiking/	Would be a great game to play if it wasn't for so many errors. I literally can't play online, play myteam, or purchase any vs. i have no problems with my player. Idk what's going on but if it doesn't get resolved I want my money back !
golfboy	Recommended	128.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/nudah/	first year buying on PC. Dead parks on here. fun game but a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of micro transactions. If you like basketball or 2K from previous years you'll enoy it but not worth it if you are on the fence.
faxivcm	Not Recommended	128.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198007448486/	FXXK  BLANK CHECKFXXK  BLANK CHECKFXXK  BLANK CHECKFXXK  BLANK CHECKFXXK  BLANK CHECKFXXK  BLANK CHECKFXXK  BLANK CHECKFXXK  BLANK CHECK
venäjäXD	Not Recommended	42.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mikihiri609/	=)
Blue	Not Recommended	58.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TheEnvyProject/	It keeps crashing.
VanDep	Recommended	38.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198065369259/	Only play MyCareer and MyTeam. Fun, wish we didn't have to spend so much on VCs to get a decent player, though
Beast	Not Recommended	209.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198283155223/	The server is so bad, always make me disconnect and I have to restart, which I did so many times everyday, so many cheaters in the park as well, bad gaming experience......
Dart™	Not Recommended	216.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198167951362/	If you have already bought the game on the pc platform I believe I can be of help.Step 1 : Uninstall NBA 2K19 on steam.Step 2 : Go to your nearest Wal-Mart, buy a PS4/XBOX and a copy of the game.Step 3 : Be glad you wasted only your money and not your time on this garbage port they call a game.
redpapi	Not Recommended	109.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/crackkk123/	i like to play nba, i played my career to upgrade my badges for aprox 100hours but the game sucks so bad at my park. YO 2K the servers are broke!!!!!! don't buy it if you guys are expecting some good experiences!
A* GAMER	Not Recommended	113.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/darrenelmer2002/	game always crushes and too many bugs
SwagAholic40	Not Recommended	33.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198073358058/	This is the worst 2k to date. Game play is slwo and laggie, can't even get into MyCareer because the updates that are needed for the game to actually use the online features will nto download. Do yourself a favor and stop supporting this series. EA will soon serpass it with live as it very well should. 2k is going down in flames.
Django the Unchained	Not Recommended	133.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ftuu/	Glitchy arcade♥♥♥♥♥♥ Game is not basketball others are exposing bugs.
sey649980	Not Recommended	172.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198278955236/	The server is too bad!!!! Cant even play. Im in Canada
Whyy.	Not Recommended	196.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198100189502/	Gameplay is the best of the 2k series yet. Biggest flaw is in the Park system, if you're new to the game and just starting out in myPark you will know what it feels like to be discriminated. The moment you step of the court everyone will be stepping off. If you dont have a good initial rating, you will forever be stuck in the viscious cycle of losses, as anybody who is decent will be dodging you and all you are left with is teaming up with new players. Game is good if you have your own squad, but completely unforgiving if you are new and starting alone.
jaugbrooks	Not Recommended	91.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198446987093/	This game is hard to enjoy. You almost have to be a pro to play it. NBA2k19 is not a game for kids either it is way toDifficult
peytonschickenparm	Recommended	121.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/JTS2k18/	Only Bought to support Giannis tbh. Not a bad Basketball game, My Career has a decent story line, just finshed my rookie season. DEFINATELY has flaws. Otherwise, its the standard average ball game.
Pinus&Vegena	Not Recommended	109.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/wechatneo/	Probably the worst 2k game ever played, them defences are insanely intense AF, can't even drive easily to paint... and is it just me??  The players in the game sprint slower than previous 2k game? And them screen are hard as rock SMH
WastelandRex	Not Recommended	93.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/rexquando1/	I'm writing this review as someone who plays mostly MyCareer, so keep that in mind.Even ignoring the microtransactions (which are enough to warrant a 1/10 for this game), the gameplay has taken a dip this year. Games do not flow naturally and most games you can tell who is going to win solely based on the first 1-5 minutes of play. I play 12 minute quarters in MyCareer and have had 3-quarter long stretches where the opposing team stays 2-4 points ahead of me. News flash 2K, games do not flow like that. Basketball is a game of runs. Feels extremely unorganic to watch a teammate like Lebron James miss a wide-open five footer just so some scrubby bench guard can trot down the court and drop a three in triple coverage. Possessions feel so predetermined this year that it completely ruins the flow; first year this has really been an issue.Everyone complains about the microtransactions but now even gameplay is going downhill. Not a good look for 2K.
P3rsonal Judas	Not Recommended	369.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198214084845/	I try to love this game but every time I give it another chance it just makes me hate it more. It's riddled with illogical things and WAY WAY more scripted than replays of movies I've watched over 10 times. That experience feels less scripted than this. Game will do all it can to either blow you out at times, at times keep the score tied and there's nothing you can do about it. It's laughable. After playing enough I actually started predicting how the score will go from play to play lol Sometimes it'll actually let you play fair then you blow out the other team. Unresponsive. Plays take forever to develop. Just a total mess. 2/10 just for.. idk. Should be 1/10 really.
Script	Recommended	162.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Analyprobed/	people expect to much from a basketball game, the story is better than last years, you don't have b fresh to annoy you in every cut scene (witch you can skip this year) so that is a huge plus, the game has a few bugs, but most annoying one (at least for me) the camera in MyPlayer keeps on getting reset to the default even tho i put it on 2k and that you cant change your name, yeah the microtrans are annoying but sadly that's in almost every game
[-[tRiX]-]	Not Recommended	189.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197968173504/	-5 for having Tutorial message   button on right joystick button in practice.This is a brand new controller too.-5 for forcing myteam multiplayer for Auction House
oli26	Recommended	196.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/oly26/	Pros : Great simulation of real NBAPros : MyCareer storyPros : Great commentary as from pre game to post game interviewsCons : Microtransaction is still huge issue for 50 euro gameCons : Sometimes input lag in mypark and online gamesOverall if you like basketball I recommend this game since it's almost perfect simulation of real NBA
[6thAL]Pvt. JT	Not Recommended	365.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198002833433/	There's so many negatives this year, i honestly wouldn't know where to start. I've put in a combined 1.1k hours in the past 2 games, managing to power through and trying my best to focus on the positives and avoid the game modes with the most negatives, but this year it's just downright impossible. Everything is broken, and i'm not even talking about the bugs or the need to buy VC if you want to experience the MyCareer online mode or MyTeam while being even slightly competitive. It's 1 step forward, 50 steps back this year, and i doubt they'll be able to fix this many issues by christmas, which is usually when they manage to get their game working more or less as intended. For a game thats earning more and more money, it's truly impressive how they manage to make the game worse and worse. I still won't switch to NBA Live because EA, but from this point forward i'll start taking the same stance on anything 2K related.
pEEZY	Not Recommended	20.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198201018486/	Doesnt ♥♥♥♥ing work wont update.
Pinus&Vegena	Not Recommended	109.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/wechatneo/	Probably the worst 2k game ever played, them defences are insanely intense AF, can't even drive easily to paint... and is it just me??  The players in the game sprint slower than previous 2k game? And them screen are hard as rock SMH
peytonschickenparm	Recommended	121.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/JTS2k18/	Only Bought to support Giannis tbh. Not a bad Basketball game, My Career has a decent story line, just finshed my rookie season. DEFINATELY has flaws. Otherwise, its the standard average ball game.
theFAB.action	Not Recommended	85.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198011024199/	shooting as rooky is a joke, no matter how hard you try open shots, you need green bar to hit anything, clearly this should force you to stupid microtransaction ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, instead of this you do 10 steals per game lol, this game stinks, no more nba2k for me in the next years, till nba2k16 its getting worse and worseadditionally there are some really annoying bugs like somtimes the gameball splits into two balls and you dont know what the actual ball is and thats just one example of really stupid bugsthis is no tripple A title, its crap
SwagAholic40	Not Recommended	33.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198073358058/	This is the worst 2k to date. Game play is slwo and laggie, can't even get into MyCareer because the updates that are needed for the game to actually use the online features will nto download. Do yourself a favor and stop supporting this series. EA will soon serpass it with live as it very well should. 2k is going down in flames.
VanDep	Recommended	38.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198065369259/	Only play MyCareer and MyTeam. Fun, wish we didn't have to spend so much on VCs to get a decent player, though
howiec	Not Recommended	210.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198332341301/	This game is 100% trash, dont buy this ♥♥♥♥ihg game. Programmers and game makers are 100% ♥♥♥♥♥.
$ean$how11	Not Recommended	78.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198214310175/	Last 2k I ever buy on PC. TOO many bugs and crashes.
NZ96	Recommended	334.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198845004210/	Product received for free
Dart™	Not Recommended	216.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198167951362/	If you have already bought the game on the pc platform I believe I can be of help.Step 1 : Uninstall NBA 2K19 on steam.Step 2 : Go to your nearest Wal-Mart, buy a PS4/XBOX and a copy of the game.Step 3 : Be glad you wasted only your money and not your time on this garbage port they call a game.
lordofgods	Not Recommended	69.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198386036578/	until now i can't play this game wen i start the game it always back to desktop can any one there can help me? plsss
bigrighero	Not Recommended	122.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198096886249/	this game is a piece of trash save your money and dont let them have it. gameplay is horrible, micro transactions everywhere to whoever the ♥♥♥♥ made this awful game go die in a fire
AerialFox	Not Recommended	9.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/AerialFox/	The gameplay is good and the annimations are the best they have been. But im still waiting for my pre order VC to be applied to my game and its been a month since launch so, lol.
Xel'Naga.CN	Not Recommended	139.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mzx0918/	all the same since heaps years ago
jaugbrooks	Not Recommended	91.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198446987093/	This game is hard to enjoy. You almost have to be a pro to play it. NBA2k19 is not a game for kids either it is way toDifficult
A* GAMER	Not Recommended	113.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/darrenelmer2002/	game always crushes and too many bugs
VanDep	Recommended	38.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198065369259/	Only play MyCareer and MyTeam. Fun, wish we didn't have to spend so much on VCs to get a decent player, though
Beast	Not Recommended	209.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198283155223/	The server is so bad, always make me disconnect and I have to restart, which I did so many times everyday, so many cheaters in the park as well, bad gaming experience......
NZ96	Recommended	334.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198845004210/	Product received for free
IG TheRang	Not Recommended	239.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198265183506/	why the fk the service connection lost happened every single time when i get into the 4V4 game with 2x EXP sh!t
Wodnesdaeg	Not Recommended	27.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Wodnesdaeg/	your teammate ai sucks♥♥♥♥♥ pass when you didnt' called it and didnt' pass it when you called it 10/10 game
venäjäXD	Not Recommended	42.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mikihiri609/	=)
Ardonyx	Not Recommended	94.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198056326769/	Don't receive VC anymore in MyCareer. Contact the support a week ago, still no answer. The only thing they care is $$$$
funkfreed	Not Recommended	148.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/eebhu/	in career game when you meet antetokounmpo, his is stupidly fast, stupidly overpowering in contact layup and dunks. even 5 people defended him he will always gonna slip through the defenese (those stupid sticky defending will stupidly disappears and let him through) yeah, 2k wanna make it like a reality? gratz. even khawi not played by the AI like that.
jlindsey1020	Not Recommended	20.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198864084478/	This game is terrible on evey level. From the sluggish gameplay to the ridiculously hard achieve perfect shot. The game modes like Myteam are a mess and the graphics on an Ultra High Def screen look absolutely terrible. I put in a refund request for this game. I truly though the 2K brand was supposed to be good.
bigrighero	Not Recommended	122.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198096886249/	this game is a piece of trash save your money and dont let them have it. gameplay is horrible, micro transactions everywhere to whoever the ♥♥♥♥ made this awful game go die in a fire
theFAB.action	Not Recommended	85.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198011024199/	shooting as rooky is a joke, no matter how hard you try open shots, you need green bar to hit anything, clearly this should force you to stupid microtransaction ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, instead of this you do 10 steals per game lol, this game stinks, no more nba2k for me in the next years, till nba2k16 its getting worse and worseadditionally there are some really annoying bugs like somtimes the gameball splits into two balls and you dont know what the actual ball is and thats just one example of really stupid bugsthis is no tripple A title, its crap
lordofgods	Not Recommended	69.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198386036578/	until now i can't play this game wen i start the game it always back to desktop can any one there can help me? plsss
Mr.Tokyo	Not Recommended	143.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/MetroBoominX/	♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ game where if you dont pay for vc you have to grind an unplayable 60 overall mycareer to 99 or if you try to play offline they rip 80% of the game features away DO NOT BUY THIS DAMN GAME
Drogas	Not Recommended	120.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198859144586/	game does not start up. all i see is black screen.
MyAnton	Not Recommended	45.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/MyAnton/	SOOOOOOOOOOO...Bought this game in one of the key reselling sites and boyh im glad I didnt buy it for the full price ad saved 20 bucks or so. Following the disester that was 2k18 it was a no brainer that this game will be better and less of a microtransection filled garbage then was last year, BUT boyh was I wrong. It hasnt change one bit, the only thing that this game did better then last year was the few cutscenes in prelude. Unless your buying this to play with your lads in the evening dont buy this money grabing hore that is 2k19. Overall my hope in 2k has dropped to nothing and the only thiing that keeps me hyped for gamning is RDR2:0
craZeD meDiK	Not Recommended	62.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197978143278/	Worst 2k to date.No anti cheat.... STILLDon't waste your money.  Don't waste your friends money.  Don't waste the money of your worst enemy on this terrible game.
Captain Jean Luc Peecard	Not Recommended	106.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/bl33ch/	So I've played 2k since like 2008.   This game isn't as bad as last years but that doesn't say much.   The matchmaking is a joke, the first ultimate team match I queue into is against a guy who basically has a 90+ overall roster, which isn't a huge deal and its kind of how sports games are online but there was some really bad lag.   Sitting here on a fiber connection watching the opposing team portal all over the court.   Basically if you want to play this game, the single player is the only thing it has going for it and that's not even good.
Remarrexxar	Not Recommended	116.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/remarrexxar/	Suck system.Every Year make a new DLC as a new game.
Nasty Nastoff	Not Recommended	529.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198256652970/	There is no sense of real progression other than leveling up your character, as the cpu AI often cheats on you or lets you win as if everything is somehow predetermined. The park is kinda broken with maxed out shooters - cheaters? - who are nearly impossible to defend and at the end of the day you end up with a glitchy animation-driven, vc infested pseudo basketball simulation.It's a bit sad and it showcases the intention of the programmers to milk the fanbase off their last cent while caring little to not at all for the casual gamer.  Playing on my team is just as biased and rigged. Maybe it's a life lesson that nothing comes easy unless you buy your way to the top - with VC. I wish I could have all the hours I spent on this game back. It's a pointless exercise.
Flitz	Recommended	109.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198054831196/	I wrote an evaluation after 3 hours playing, not recommending the game, here's what changed after that:So after realising that the game sometimes freezes after buzzers and that you had to way and never alt+tab during that time to prevent a crash. I was able to finish the prelude and move on to the NBA.I'll start with what's wrong and then go with why I enjoy the game. Very bad/good points are marked with 2 or more + or -. When I talk about additions or improvements I compare it to NBA2K16 as I didn't play 17 and 18. Let's go:- - - When you look at your atributes, your player still doesn't belong in any professionnal basketball game. But I now got a salary and sponsorships and all that made me able to improve him. Now he is better but the maximum cap you get when choosing archetypes is really bad. What is logical with the idea that a Point Guard with Passing and Driving abilities can't go over 78 in dunks? I don't know, it's dumb. Especially for those who play MyCareer in Solo (not playing Park or other online stuff). Maybe the maximum cap should only matter in Online but can be passed in Solo.- Story abruptly disapears when you reach the NBA, only to get small fragments every now and then. Not great since the story was pretty neat in the prelude (except the lack of impact you have on your character's personnality) But it's cool for those who didn't care about the Prelude's story I guess- Sometimes the story doesn't follow what happens in the league. I got a cut scene telling me I made the All-Star team, but I didn't (I had enough votes to be a starter in the East, but I play in the Western Conference and ended in 6th place). I got placed in the Dunk Contest while I was not even in Top 20 in the votes (Dunk Contest that I didn't want to do btw since the system isn't good since they changed it some years ago, but I tried hard and got the W anyway) And I am now reaching the end of the year being Top place for Rookie of the Year, got a couple Player of the month and being 2nd place for MVP (while I have no idea on what to focus to reach 1st place (I really don't want Cousins to win lol)) But I don't know if the story will get in the way of those titles. And AI told to Giannis Antetokounmpo that he would love to join him at the Bucks next year, while my contract isn't over and I don't want to go to the Buck (and they are one of the least interested team in the trade menu, as they would probably need to trade Giannis for me)- I went to the Lakers as they were my 2nd favorite team when I followed NBA, they have Harris (and I thought it would be a good story to join him) and they were the team that gave me my first shot in the NBA (and the only one with Phoenix offering me a 6th man role). But I regret it: Lebron, Ingram, Ball, Hart and Cadwell-Pope are huge ballhogs so it is hard to introduce ball movement when they are in the rotation. McGee doesn't seem to be able to catch the ball that well (the ball bounces in his hands) andd some other players are either forcing a lot of shots or not that usefull. But it's still possible to get a lot of assists (I average about 12 a game for the season) and have fun within the team. Although I will probably move to Chicago when I get to occasion to really become the Star (and play for my favorite franchise)- - I'll mute the commentators team after the first year. While some stuff are interesting (especially when they do the guests thing, Kobe, Garnett and some others are really interesting) most are just repetitive and annoying (hearing about how much "Lebron is making things happen for the Lakers" at half while having 12 pts, 2 rbs and 2 assists while I have 9 pts, 4 rbs and 8 assists and never gets mentionned is starting to get old)The constant c*ck sucking Lebron gets is so annoying it is the main reason I both want to mute the commentators and leave the Lakers, I get it and I agree, he is one of the goats but come on, stop already...- Timings seems to not really matter if you don't get perfect. You will score some contested shots with bad timings and miss those open with nearly perfect without any apparent reason..- Most of personalisation things are a bit too expensive but not out of reach (except the skateboards and all, with is so expensive for no reason)- Steals are weird, you can be on the line of the pass+press the button and not get the steal, while the AI will slide on the court and steal your passes with their back turned. And you get too many fauls in situations where it should've been an easy steal.Also the "deflects the ball but the ball ends up in the dudes hands anyways and he takes a shot who goes in everytime" situation happens a bit too often to seem genuine...- The teamate who decides to stop defending on his dude and switches with yours at the exact time his dude scores and you get punished for it is dumb and annoying.+ + + The gameplay is still great, needs some time to adjust to the changes (especially since I didn't play NBA2K since 2K16. But I have fun in offense and they really improved Defense.+ + + The personnalisation is awesome, I didn't even do the face scan thing but my character pretty much look like I want him too, hairdresser is cool (although doesn't really offer great choices for the beard, either too much or pasty sad looking) Tattoo shop is cool for those who really want a personal tattoo. And there is enough variety in clothes (although no large sweatpants, only the starter one. And I don't like the tight ones they have)+ + I like Spinelli :P And the interactions with others is fun (Shaq, Kareem, Davis and Giannis mainly, Simmons seems forced af) I go to my apartement just to see if there is a cut scene!+ Team practice is a good addition but gets old fast+ Sponsorships are cool! especially as you can choose your bonuses to go along with your playstyle!+ Custom animations and the custom Jumshot feature is cool! Too bad most is locked under a big level cap (90 or 85 for some stuff, especially annoying for dunks, as my player will not be able to unlock Windmills and such as I won't be able to 85 in dunks)+ + I already mentionned Defense but it really improved and feels more genuine! I get more blocks than I used to and it all around feels great. Also most great players are challenging to defend but not impossible, which is great!- The AI enemy who blocks all your movements with one arm and the teamate that totally blocks you just by getting in your way in defense are annoying too..The MyNBA2K19 app feature where you link your account and try to guess the results of matches to win 50 VC is not working. It's not that important but would've been a + if it was in the actual game and working...I would recommend the game to someone who wants to play MyCareer only now, but ony if he wants to work hard and really try to get to the point it gets enjoyable. If not, then I still wouldn't recommend it, as it takes some times to get really fun.
Aqua	Not Recommended	118.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198007812404/	I am going to preface this by saying, I don't play much NBA online. The majority of my hours from 2k15 onwards has been in MyCareer, MyGM and more recntly, a bit of MyTeam, but mostly Domination.MyTeam this year seems very polished. I really like the more casual Streetball type 3v3 with more flashy animations. Very fun and Very quick. A lot of people will complain about microtransactions, but that is the world of Sports video games. I would have liked to see the 3v3 gamemode not cost a contract for players in the future tho!.MyGM is weird. It has another 'Story'...but its more just a glorified book. I am just going to grind out the acheivements for MyGM and then switch across to MyLeague or whatever, nothing groundbreaking and new.MyCareer is amazing fun this year. They finally got a good story with characters we actually care about. It also has a really good story that will serve kids aspiring to be sports stars well in the future. TEAM FIRST. I was pleasently surprised at how enjoyable and heartfelt the campaign is so far. Gameplay wise, It feels a lot more polished. so far, I have noticed the foul continuation is really nice and allows you to take a hit and then shoot, more akin to real life basketball. So far I have seen better AI defence and more animations for layups and dunks, as well as post shot reactions to players. It feels a lot more polished and is actually a step forward in NBA games rather than just a re-run. If you play a lot of offline stuff rather than the online gamemodes, 100% recommend this, it is one of the better NBA games of recent years.----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Having played the game for hours, they have managed to make the game totally unfun by just cobbling together the most stupid MyTeam ai mishmash along with the most stupid stats. I can only assume this is to do with the blind greed of the devs, wanting more money for MyTeam cards, but frankly, just going to uninstall. After the 17th stupid team of all ex-MVP's against a decently strong team, nah, you ♥♥♥♥ed up devs. The single most stupid attempt at moneygrabbing I have ever seen. Ruined one of the two modes I played. Absolute waste of time and have ruined any fun by making it stupidly difficult with no reward, just...don't waste your time with this game, get an earlier model, because MyTeam is basically dead
Bolt	Not Recommended	229.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198032043622/	My save files keep getting corrupted.
Scoutie	Not Recommended	37.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198171649187/	Severe Microtransations.........big yikesReview Score: 3/10
Doubi_MA	Not Recommended	87.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/2581047277/	Too many hackers in mt
?Matt?	Not Recommended	18.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198372711836/	Not good! You have to have THE BEST computer out there to run it!
jamesdon18	Not Recommended	2.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198348375145/	Definitely the worst sports game I have ever played. Controls are not pc friendly at all, runs poor, and it is very laggy and buggy as well. 1/10
Toch Fire	Not Recommended	401.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198119663292/	2K is the best basketball game. But this 2k there is so many hackers on the PC just buy it on PS4 Or Xbox if you have one i litteraly played 3 games and all 3 of the games we ran into hacekrs. Dont buy on PC they dont care about this game on PC.
Luka24	Recommended	54.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198099931286/	Much better than any previous NBA2K
KeWirth	Recommended	186.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kewirth/	Very good when you want to play with friends or play the offline part. Online part is pay to win and unrealistic. Worth buying when its on a sale.
Genci	Recommended	153.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/animefaggotxxx/	Not that bad game. GM is fun and and MyLeague is okey. For casual gamer i would recommend this game.
✪ JAYCAHILL	Recommended	73.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/JAYCAHILL/	Great fun with friends, got it on sale. I would say I've got my moneys worth and I only bought 4 days ago.
✪ S[A]NCHEZ [LV]	Recommended	53.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/alexanderjsanchez/	1
zacharyjkenyon	Not Recommended	1.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198078263691/	Crashed a couple of times. Requested refund before my 2 hr mark since based on reviews it's still unstable and may never be. MyLeague has really cool customization so its a shame it is so poorly optimized.
supercuky9	Recommended	14.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Supercukyt/	Product received for free
Dovis	Recommended	105.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198064980305/	Nice game!
GetRaw41	Not Recommended	24.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kevvinaxel/	2k need repair their myteam, i played with others then when i got to win, he's quit and i didn't had a single reward, you need to fix this thing
Wolf - << Rawr !	Not Recommended	3.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/wolfrawrr/	I love NBA 2k, sadly its been YEARS since its not the same game and its all about VC and wasting real money, sadly this PC version is not working exactly well, for a moment it was working at 130fps and i was like "WOW" then suddenly that common stuttering from NBA 2k15 appeared and im not going to be fooled again, i bought 2k15 thinking that would be fixed but it didnt, so yeah im not going to fall for this again, clearly the devs dont care about the PC version at all, its all about the consoles, VC and multiplayer.Seriously i have no idea why the community keeps asking for multiplayer, every year they complain about lag and hackers, even in the console version, dont buy the game if you want changes otherwise 2k will continue being the trash they become.
?Matt?	Not Recommended	18.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198372711836/	Not good! You have to have THE BEST computer out there to run it!
Speed7	Not Recommended	450.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198158590489/	Always Glitch Upset
Lackabau5	Not Recommended	0.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198088068944/	Product received for free
Skaparen av avancerade ord	Recommended	22.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/76561198007396191/	I haven't really given much thought towards the MyPark, although It doesnt really give me any interest. I like MyGM, League and mycareer. They did a great job on the prelude.If you like the offline play then I think you should go for it. While its on discount, otherwise don't.
bnpnn54	Recommended	10.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198046896438/	I paid 25 bucks for this game and it was a great deal.I am a single player fan and folowed NBA 2k since NBA 2k9.This is a great game just for the single player experience.For those who want to buy this game for multiplayer you should check the negative reviews before you do it.Don't be fooled by the small time I have on record playing this game.I played a torrented version on a friend's computer before and I bought the original because I liked it and it didn't dissapointed me.This review was written to support the producers that were attacked viciously by a lot of negative reviews.
Mr45revolver	Recommended	2.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mr45revolver/	Product received for free
Fenris	Not Recommended	161.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198220071459/	just started playing 2k19 again after about 2 months pause... and omg this is the worst experience i've ever had. stupid animations, wrong action to imput and ballhandler running/fazing through defenders. i dont know if there was some kind of update but when i first played this when it came out it was alright, better than last year. but now.... 0/10trashwaist of timedump this in a cornfield with the rest of the cowdung
Ethiopian Strip Mall	Not Recommended	25.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198841796264/	I do not recommend this game at all unless you only play offline or you're playing it on console. I downloaded this game to try it out since it was free for the weekend and the game is completely dead. Nobody plays online.
Fedora	Not Recommended	445.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/FedoraCat/	Online experience is the worst. Lag in park, toxic community, game constantly crashing, it just doesn't work properly. Myteam and singleplayer is good, gameplay is great this year, but can't recommend it because of the technical issues. Online is unplayable some days.
thetaze22	Not Recommended	334.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198183841869/	If you are an avid MyLeague player, Id suggest keeping your money due to the fact the corrupt save files are killing this game this year.  Nothing can be done from the support end, and the Devs dont understand the problem either, as theyve made no mention of what could be the problem, and every patch downloaded since the problem was sent up the ladder, hasnt fixed it yet.. So Im guessing there will not be a patch to fix it.. If you want to play a franchise mode Id suggest playing NBA Live 19 because 2K for PC is BROKEN this year!!!!
KfirB	Recommended	336.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198151516112/	Very good my career and park this year
Sgt Avo	Recommended	19.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198278435188/	Great Mate
EyePatch	Recommended	100.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SibaloMamata/	My favourite game just 2k needs to work more on the pc version cuz has a lot of delays
Materwelon	Recommended	28.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/radifan/	Pretty good game if you don’t bother with grinding
X	Recommended	27.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/foxi_Illenium/	I love 2K, been playing since I was little, only got the chance to actually buy it for myself 3 days ago but I have been gaving a lot of fun as you can tell for my playing time ahah But I am kind of sad people don't play this game as much as back in the day, when I went over to my friends house for some 2K we'd go in the park and it'd be full of people playing, streaks of 50 in one field everyone trying to take that team down so much hype and now... It decayed it is kind of sad :/
return	Recommended	82.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/vvl513/	Good one better defense greater offense
OnTheDutySMK	Recommended	65.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198244175926/	Since last year the game has evolved a lot. I liked a lot that the barbershop became free, and overall the game raised a lot.
527455935nick	Not Recommended	142.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198370436528/	This game is full of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t ,when it decided you should to lose then you definetly will for no fuvking reason. i got 3-0 in final and the forth game i got 20 points lead, then i lost the god damn final ?????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
Nuova Guardia#DDB	Recommended	39.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198299629702/	8/10
PSICHOPATAS	Recommended	162.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/nojka99/	Buy if you playing with friends
eden	Not Recommended	7.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ransmware/	Always crash when playing my career
Ethiopian Strip Mall	Not Recommended	25.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198841796264/	I do not recommend this game at all unless you only play offline or you're playing it on console. I downloaded this game to try it out since it was free for the weekend and the game is completely dead. Nobody plays online.
Fedora	Not Recommended	445.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/FedoraCat/	Online experience is the worst. Lag in park, toxic community, game constantly crashing, it just doesn't work properly. Myteam and singleplayer is good, gameplay is great this year, but can't recommend it because of the technical issues. Online is unplayable some days.
Neni vyvetrane	Not Recommended	438.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198314366175/	Do not buy this game- hackers everywhere on pc- optimization is garbage random fps drops are so nice- servers are the worst thing most of the time they are garbage- events you get a error message or welcome to a lag festival- pay to win aspect is obvious - pc is not suitable for 2k league you need ps4 or xbox- in game stuff which is abnormally expensive- glitches and bugs im dont know who tested the game buy they should be fired - nobody plays cages and ante up on pc + gameplay but if you play online servers are ruining this+ better then 2k18 but not enough+ so much potencial which is wasted by lazy developers+ my team got better this year way more fun + events are great idea but 2k ruined them beyond beliefThis game needs to get a reboot. Pc should get a anti cheat system which is in every normal online game. Servers needs alot of improvment they are destroying the best aspect of this game. Players should get way more vc if the prices are going up. Like you get more vc per game but it is not enough. The only way to save pc community would be crossplatform which will never happen maybe ps4 and xbox will have it but pc never.    
GetRaw41	Not Recommended	24.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kevvinaxel/	2k need repair their myteam, i played with others then when i got to win, he's quit and i didn't had a single reward, you need to fix this thing
Zizuke	Not Recommended	0.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198795519008/	Product received for free
Young Robbo	Not Recommended	13.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/bigcrabfucker/	Terrible piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ing game do not waste your money servers are the most laggy thing in the fucing world and the pc optimization is ♥♥♥♥ing awful
Avacado	Recommended	30.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ayitsjacklmao/	fafwa
Fenris	Not Recommended	161.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198220071459/	just started playing 2k19 again after about 2 months pause... and omg this is the worst experience i've ever had. stupid animations, wrong action to imput and ballhandler running/fazing through defenders. i dont know if there was some kind of update but when i first played this when it came out it was alright, better than last year. but now.... 0/10trashwaist of timedump this in a cornfield with the rest of the cowdung
Young Robbo	Not Recommended	13.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/bigcrabfucker/	Terrible piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ing game do not waste your money servers are the most laggy thing in the fucing world and the pc optimization is ♥♥♥♥ing awful
ZION	Not Recommended	0.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198112404218/	why its lag my computer have high specs i have NVIDIA GeForce GTX1060 6GB DDR5 Intel® Core™ i7-8700 CPU @ 3.20GHz60hz ilove 2k games but  its lag ?
Wolf - << Rawr !	Not Recommended	3.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/wolfrawrr/	I love NBA 2k, sadly its been YEARS since its not the same game and its all about VC and wasting real money, sadly this PC version is not working exactly well, for a moment it was working at 130fps and i was like "WOW" then suddenly that common stuttering from NBA 2k15 appeared and im not going to be fooled again, i bought 2k15 thinking that would be fixed but it didnt, so yeah im not going to fall for this again, clearly the devs dont care about the PC version at all, its all about the consoles, VC and multiplayer.Seriously i have no idea why the community keeps asking for multiplayer, every year they complain about lag and hackers, even in the console version, dont buy the game if you want changes otherwise 2k will continue being the trash they become.
?Matt?	Not Recommended	18.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198372711836/	Not good! You have to have THE BEST computer out there to run it!
Mr45revolver	Recommended	2.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mr45revolver/	Product received for free
LisA💕❤	Not Recommended	14.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197997829044/	Just paid for roster updates!
Faded	Not Recommended	4.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/FadedForest/	Unless you are playing this for MyLeague then you might as well run far, far, away.
Snakelover_35	Recommended	226.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/alq2905/	Offline modes like MyTeam, MyCareer and MyLeague are very good. Online is cancer and toxic.
Donnie	Recommended	63.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/DonnieMGA/	Its a good game, Micro transactions aren't that bad and grinding is doable. Lots of little updates with forced pop-ups tho. But over all really good.
Youtube.Com/theJaReX	Recommended	94.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jrxplays/	Great <3
grodny	Not Recommended	79.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/grodny/	p2w
PSICHOPATAS	Recommended	162.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/nojka99/	Buy if you playing with friends
Elgo!	Recommended	6.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jameselgo/	Great story mod, sad that it ends so fast
HalOBakE	Recommended	58.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/HalOBakE/	Yeah
JaK	Recommended	60.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198023409475/	Just keeps getting better every year. More and more realistic. Defending is significantly harder. Skill differences will show
Donnie	Recommended	63.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/DonnieMGA/	Its a good game, Micro transactions aren't that bad and grinding is doable. Lots of little updates with forced pop-ups tho. But over all really good.
Selby3	Recommended	1,016.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198353005638/	pooy
DerTrashTvGott	Recommended	87.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/EVOLVEGoNeo/	i like this game you can plsy it when you have time but you get angry all the time cause of lags and bugs
✪ Disclosure	Not Recommended	99.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198129252184/	Career Kinda Good , but other game mode is meh
supermanbmw135imsport	Not Recommended	21.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198829744352/	it is a great game, but not beaing able to save my gm and constantly having to restart is annoying. havn't been able to save one game. im still waiting for a fix and it seems like it has been happening for awhile. please fix this
HalOBakE	Recommended	58.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/HalOBakE/	Yeah
Selby3	Recommended	1,016.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198353005638/	pooy
DerTrashTvGott	Recommended	87.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/EVOLVEGoNeo/	i like this game you can plsy it when you have time but you get angry all the time cause of lags and bugs
✪ Disclosure	Not Recommended	99.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198129252184/	Career Kinda Good , but other game mode is meh
Joker9	Recommended	83.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/tempzzrelay/	pretty good, pretty bad its alright if you look past reach-in foul
Lamat	Recommended	96.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/494954984984955549456423135/	Pretty much the same game as 2k18 but it's still fun
rectoplore	Recommended	63.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/rectoplore/	ma man.. dats wat i wanted to play all dese years
siN4R-	Recommended	345.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/siN4R-/	Fun at the start, boring in the end. Meh.
DarkXenator	Recommended	37.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198000197585/	There's a lot of hate for this game in reviews but I am having a lot of fun with it so far. If you like nba then you will like the game. It honestly doesn't feel grindy. People in reviews say there is more grinding in this game than other games but to me it feels the same as nhl or similar game leveling your guys. It takes like 500 games in nhl to get legend cards for your my player for example and 100s of games to get the boosting equipment for your guy. In this game it feels the same. You get like 1000 vc a game when your a rookie which ads up quick if you like playing the games. I would recommend buying the game on sale.
dez	Not Recommended	36.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198001905500/	Insane input lag in a want-to-be-competitive-esports-game in 2019.No anti cheat measures in a multiplayer game in 2019.Ronnie2k in 2019.
ermergerdjesse	Recommended	58.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Jlashker/	No clue why its negative reviews. By the far the best 2k game. Shots are so clean, story is not cringey as ♥♥♥♥, shops are closer together, mypark is not rigged like the last few games. This game is not easy to play. You actually have to use your brain unlike all these stupid reviewers who have 2 hours in the game. Honestly so happy with the game.
Jerm	Recommended	232.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jerminater88/	MyPlayer and MyTeam are awesome.
marulong	Recommended	78.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198005419970/	Comparing with last version 2k , 2.0version is better than was.
GIFUX	Recommended	189.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/gifukss/	X DAMENO
Duke of Selcuklu	Recommended	0.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/dukeofselcuklu/	Product received for free
Skrra	Recommended	22.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/rukutatatilapus/	Pulling off a Steph Curry step-back jumper or a Lebron James fadeaway is really satisfying.
RipDrew	Recommended	426.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198417949729/	Join our Discord for Pro Am https://discord.gg/nQjXEzc 
Batica Reformed	Recommended	214.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/baticareformed/	Ok so for a realistic reviewPros :  great animaions, defence is extermly good and efficient in a way that if the offensive player doesnt know all the controls theres no way he scores on you, running it full court with PG or abusing baseline is no longer a thing, also shooting is better in a way you can acctually make contested shots, also the more you know the more the game will reward you, with post moves for example, get a good post scorer, learn the moves, and you are almost unstoppable. Also it takes a lot more skill to play defence to know when to contest or you will easily get scored on, but if you contest you will get blown by.... So much good things its really suprising.All the vc stuff people are talking about, ive been here since 2k9, and its been the same, 2k18 went to far but others are fine, its just that my career got a lot harder for lower rated players ( as it should be ), and acctually makes you grind a lot to get some stats up and to get vc ( which imo is a good thing since players want to blitz 1 season and get 80 overall, isnt possible anymore, makes it more realistic ). Also the hackers are there since 2k14, i havent acctually met much hackers at all, only in 2k15Cons : Lebron STILL OP, TOP 10 PLAYERS BY RATING HE IS 4 FROM 10, AND TOO MUCH LEBRON PUSHING AND LEBRON TEAMS, hall of fame cpu is litearlly unbeatble, stupid historical teams added and didnt add many that are a must ( 08 lakers for example, but they have 12 memphis )FInal : I bought it in spite of all the negative reviews and im extremly pleased, if you want realistic gameplay its great for you, but if you prefer dunking from half court with 99 overall after 1 months from relase and only playing online i would skip it, since it takes skill/passion/grind to acctually be good this year, like even if you buy vc and cant play you still cant do nothing againts a good player in my team for example, and my team is really good as well, all and all a  9/10.
WaterBoy #LATINO	Recommended	58.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Dutchyboi/	9/10
The_General	Recommended	145.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/CaptainWillson/	A a rebounding rim protector with maxed out defence with gold badges how tf can Jokic make a shot with my hand in his face like im not even there. and WHY DOES IT TAKE 8 YEARS TO GET OFF THE GROUND IF YOU FALL AFTER TAKING A LAYUP??????????????? 
$la$hing God	Recommended	168.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/FlobN123/	I think this game is good because of gameplay and mycareer story
Mamba	Recommended	381.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/tomert36/	I did not expect to like the game as much as I do! It's such an improvement gameplay wise which is the only problem I had with 2K18. I'm not a guy who buys any VC. I just wants to play some good basketball simulation, and NBA 2K19 is just that. By far the more realistic 2K I've played (I played 13, 14 both the old and new gen versions, 15, 16, 17 and now 19). The Defense is by far the hardest and it's more like real basketball now. If you make a mistake, the game would let you know by punishing you but if you don't make mitakes, it'll reward you time and time again. It's a super balanced game, which means you won't make all of your good shots but 70%-80% of the time, you will, which is a great ratio in my opinion. It feels like real basketball is being played, like it's a real NBA game, which I appriciate so much. Thanks 2K for not messing up the gameplay this year. Although being less of money grabber would make your game perfect but oh well, maybe that's asking to much... Last thing, on top of everything I said, the game is far more optimised this year, works great if you got the recommended specs or better.TL;DRGreat gameplay, great game. Feels realistic.
marke	Recommended	225.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/markezas/	Very nice!
D@®th V@d3® ☻	Recommended	89.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ArciNZ/	Best NBa game ever made . love it :)
SHAKE'N'BAKE	Recommended	278.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/R00uzi/	If you have a friends, who's playing  park together with you, it's awesone way to collecting W.
DeathByWafflez	Recommended	18.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/deathbywafflez/	I think people were just itching to give this a bad review. It's not a bad game. People may hack, but I've hardly noticed. The gameplay is great and a big improvement is the fact that I can't just dribble by other players, if the ball hits their leg or arm I'll lose my dribble, it feels realistic. The playground can be a little laggy at times but it's still enjoyable. Take these negative reviews with a large grain of salt. Microtransactions are cut back from what I can tell, for instance, all the hair cuts are free, lots of my court customization is free, I made my court Celtics theme with Celtics balls, and unlike 2k17 I didn't need to use VC to get any of it. I don't have to grind anywhere near as hard as I had to before to upgrade my player. You make good VC in career games and team practices allow you to do as many drills as you feel like, no need to wait until another team practice shows up. The menu is quick you can go right from game to game rather than having to go back to your apartment, or go straight to a team practice after a game. This is by far the best 2k I've ever played. I plan on putting lots of hours into it and honestly I'm glad the people who are so complainy got their returns so I don't have to play with them. P.s. I've played NBA 2k11 13 15 16 17, I skipped 18 because of all the salty reviews. I think 2k has done well this time
Igonas	Recommended	110.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Igonas/	The game is not bad at all..People that write bad reviews saying the game is bad and pay to win either haven't played a single 2k game in their life, or they haven't put time and effort into a single game in their lifeThe animations are smooth as hell and the game is very playableIf u buy the normal version its going to be much harder for you, but you'll eventually rank up 
xGamer 101x	Recommended	16.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/xgamer_101x/	Don't pretend to play online vs anyone random. Riddled with simple issues, ones i'm sure come from porting it from console to PC. Devs have shown zero initiative to fix anything. Most fixes come from the community. Won't even put in a simple Anti-Cheat. Just know PC players are lowest on their list of people to please.That being said. Looks great and plays fine. If you're the kinda person like me who just wants to play MyLeague and stay as far away from the VC transactions as possible, you'll enjoy the game. At least you have some more current ratings on players, even if you don't agree with all of them. Never buy VC. Let them know we'll never give in.
Rolf Harris - Victim	Recommended	58.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/bannednose50/	People hating on this game, but on a real, i have not come across 1 cheater, there a minor bugs but that can be expected as the game just came out, my career is much better then last year, cut scenes can be skipped. Obviously there are a few negative things about the game, for instance, the price on equiptment is a bit ridiculous, and the neighbourhood can get quite dead at times. But all around a decent game.
BiggMT20	Recommended	76.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198801403922/	I get why everyone is upset with 2k. I bought the LeBron edition, and still had to drop extra money for VC just to level up.. 2K are capitalizing and its a shame.. BUT I actually like the game so far! I haven't ran into any hackers/cheaters.. I would like to know how can you tell, and what game modes they be in?         I have no problem with the defense.. If your guy is not a lockdown defender and your opp has 90+ ball handling, youre gonna feel like you are on skates! To me 2k has so much potential, and its what we make it.. If there are a lot of cheaters, then link up with a bunch of players who don't cheat, start a online myleauge, get some private proam games in.. If anybody want to add me, Im down!!
Kylo Chen	Recommended	23.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198025593434/	This game is a lot of fun!  The MyPlayer has been dramatically improved since last season - it's awesome to have the introduction of a rival rather than just a friend (looking at you Justice Young).  The graphics and facescan are also improved - your character can actually look like you!Very fun game - glad to have another installment from 2K Sports.
seanjrplt03	Recommended	124.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198846441306/	Okay this is my honest opinion of NBA 2k19In light of all of the negative reviews this game has recieved, alot of this has come from players who are having their online gameplay ruined by the players who are constatntly cheating...The positive is in the actual gameplay itself. If you like to play single player or play co op with your friends you wont be dissapointed. They have made alot of postive changes to the gameplay itself, my favorite being the ball with no longer go through players arms or bodies.My review isnt long but I just wanted to say that this game has so far been a postive addition to my steam library.Thanks for reading.
DEADPOOL	Recommended	52.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198811235713/	why this game very lagging 
MrHuck	Recommended	15.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198048002015/	Seems to be the same game yet again but the new story was entertaining enough.
mattymaca	Recommended	87.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/fatlatino/	my my career is unaccessable atm because of a glitch with the hair styles. the only way for it to be fixed is if someone invites me to an ante up game. can someone add me and plz help!!
Mufaldinho	Recommended	65.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mufaldinho/	So far, so good. The new graphics engine seems to be a bit lighter on resources and graphics do look good. I haven't fiddled yet with the MyPlayer mode because I'm waiting for all the real teams rosters to be ready and new shoes to arrive to the In-Game store (Like the Lebron 16s, for example).
Vethod	Recommended	78.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/iamvyvu/	My review is only based on offline play.This year has been an improvement over last year, the overall gameplay has improved and the new animations are pretty solid. A lot of things make you really feel that NBA atmosphere. I overall enjoyed the game and like all the new changes they have made to the actual gameplay and MyLeague (my most played mode). One of the things I wish felt more realistic was fast breaks, they never really feel like real fast breaks since the player is so slow on the open court and the defenders always easily catch up. One of the improvements I enjoy the most this year is the stealing mechanism, rebounding, and ball movement. No longer can you just throw a ball through a defensive players body, this year that will lead to fast turnovers. This change makes you have to actually plan your ball movement and is rewarding when stealing from the opponent. Overall I enjoy the game for the improvements and offline play. I refuse to spend money on VC which is probably why I will stay away from MyPlayer and will most likely not be playing online due to the cheaters other reviewers have mentioned.
Zmaj	Recommended	90.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198414954239/	Well,is Basketball,if u like Basketball then u will love this game! I play already 72h and the game have so much contest,just overwhelming! Its all about grinding , u can play my career, my team,my league...Masterpiece! 9/10
Cayd33	Recommended	303.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Cayd33/	 Its good if you like offline modes. Its not so good if you want to play online as microtransactions (mycareer/myteam) and cheaters (mypark/proam/etc).
helix	Recommended	54.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kickflipu/	The game isn't bad. The microtransactions are bad. 2k saying "that's how things are now" is bad. With most games microtransactions are used to get maybe cosmetics or something, nothing that would really impact gameplay and make one person vastly superior than the other. With NBA it's different. The only form of currency (outside of myTeam) is VC, VC is used to buy cosmetics and upgrade your character. Whilst you still have to grind for badges you could literally buy the most expensive VC transaction and become 80+ rated and have the game be 100 times easier. It's clear that 2k's focus has shifted dramatically over the past few years from gameplay to how much money can be made. I miss 2k15.I'll recommend this game bc I mainly play it for the myCareer and offline myTeam so the impact of microtransactions isn't too big of a deal and the game isn't that bad.
Rase	Recommended	113.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198027197573/	Really enjoying the game so far.
lil brysn	Recommended	207.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/brysontee/	10/10 Would buy again.
Hexxy	Recommended	93.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mr_snickers_909/	[my update 50 hours into game]So, MyCareer is quick, which is good. No one wanted it to be drawn out to the point of where you are sick of it. My park is absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥ Plenty of people playing it, but with all the record checkers in it, no one is gonna play with you unless your record is 600 W  and 100 L. Pro am is the way to go but still not the best. 3pt scoring is still ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, anyone with 80+ 3pt will make them like they are 99. Myteam is terrible, so much that you HAVE to buy MT points to get your team better so you can compete with the dumbasses who do the same. ♥♥♥♥ that.----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------[my old review from a couple weeks ago]Ok, this game isnt as bad as everyone rates it to be.I am sure im gonna get picked apart for this by the commuity, but to hell with it. It is a very fun game. Much more than 2k17 and 2k18. Im only 6 hours into My Career as of this post.My review is for My Career, as it is what most people care about. The storyline is so much better and not nearly as cringy as previous titles. I can only count 3 scenes which made me go "uh wtf is this" and the rest was pretty good, for a 2k game. I am still iffy on the under the basket shot timing but I think im leaning torward it as it keeps in interested and paying attention to my moves when driving to the rim. The new neighborhood is still dumb, but better and easier to get around in than last year. Still hackers in the game, and it isnt gonna change, just get used to it if you want to play this game. Still heavy on microtransactions which makes you angry still at 2k.Here is a very, VERY, small list of pros/cons:+ VC is ACTUALLY much easier to earn in 19 than 18. I dont know where everyone is getting other fake info about it from.+ Storyline more realistic, with an actuall driving force and makes you want to finish it.+ Skippable cutscenes+ Many more- Historic teams missing a lot of players- Still has heavy microtransaction pushes- Plenty of hackers to come across- Neighborhood has copy/paste buildings- My Career has a TON of copy/paste- Many more
gilbertma47	Recommended	138.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198211871793/	graphics are good and there are many game modes in mc
Mat1c	Recommended	206.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/maticko2003/	This game is so fun i am 90 overrall and i can make any contested shot but i just can't make a wideeeeeeeeee open one that my 1 year old brother could. It is so fun to miss wideeeeeeeeee open shots with my firends on park and I love when every one disappear and then i rejoin park and my game just closed like ''I didn't even want to play this♥♥♥♥♥♥ thanks 2k to close this♥♥♥♥♥♥insted of me'' I am looking for nba 2k20 to waste 500$ on game so i can miss wideeeeeeeee open shots with my friends all the day long.I would recommend this game to every one because it is so fun to play.Recommended by 11/10 people who recommend this game and I cound say that I don't lie and I just really love the game.
Exes	Recommended	59.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Exes/	I actually think it's one of the best 2k games... people cheat though which is ♥♥♥♥in annoying
orestath	Recommended	93.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198155254954/	I don't really play multiplayer because I don't like the pay to win mentality of the game, but.. gameplay wise... best basketball game ever.
A.I.	Recommended	83.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/billy741/	Awesome MyCareer Mode! If you only play this game for just MyCareer...i recommend you get this game. Easy to get VC! Still some glitches, but the game itself is great!
Mags	Recommended	45.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/MagsMarlowe/	If you're bad at defense I Suggest you to file a refund now.probably one of the best nba 2k games
The2KGamerYT	Recommended	52.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/The2KGamerYT/	I would recommend this game to people that are waiting for a review on the game. MyCAREERThis is in my opinion the best 2k mycareer story that 2k has ever done. If you look back on the other 2k games 2k19,s mycareer story outbeats them. Also ATM (LuMoney) from last years 2k game has come back into NBA 2K19!PLAY NOWThe play now option is simmaler to the one we had last year (2k18) just the NBA players on the menu are updated.FREE STYLE(back in 2k18) Did anyone else hate when your just shooting around and the AI wont pass the ball from beyond half court? Well now in 2k19 they will allow you to pass the ball from beyond halfcourt. Now you could practice half court shots/full court shots.MyTeamMyteam is the only bad thing about the game in my opinion.Check out my youtube channel : https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCkv92QBYmNXeVOTHLQoqtRw?view_as=subscriberThanks for taking your time for checking out my review8/10
The2KGamerYT	Recommended	52.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/The2KGamerYT/	I would recommend this game to people that are waiting for a review on the game. MyCAREERThis is in my opinion the best 2k mycareer story that 2k has ever done. If you look back on the other 2k games 2k19,s mycareer story outbeats them. Also ATM (LuMoney) from last years 2k game has come back into NBA 2K19!PLAY NOWThe play now option is simmaler to the one we had last year (2k18) just the NBA players on the menu are updated.FREE STYLE(back in 2k18) Did anyone else hate when your just shooting around and the AI wont pass the ball from beyond half court? Well now in 2k19 they will allow you to pass the ball from beyond halfcourt. Now you could practice half court shots/full court shots.MyTeamMyteam is the only bad thing about the game in my opinion.Check out my youtube channel : https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCkv92QBYmNXeVOTHLQoqtRw?view_as=subscriberThanks for taking your time for checking out my review8/10
KayDen	Recommended	6.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198307203633/	nice game but grahpic should set more higher for better game play btw is nice
TheRedsFan_	Recommended	166.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/theredsfan_/	A brutal pay-to-win environment makes it nearly impossible to enjoy some of the game modes without investing in VC. But as far as gameplay goes, it aligns with the constant improvement 2k brings to the franchise. The MyCareer mode is the best yet, featuring a deep story and an open world with plenty of things to do between games. MyLeague, MyGM &MyTeam are great & in depth as always. Solid yet subtle improvements made to MyGM add to the feeling of total control over a franchise. The pay-to-win with 2k is probably one of the harshest in gaming, but in every other aspect of the game yes, I still do reccommend the game.
tonyrunks	Recommended	128.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197992113583/	I highly reccommend it i havent seen any cheaters even thou others said they are there .The gamplay is better than 2k18 and the game runs smoother and cutscenes are skipable and more ways too gain vc , the graphics are better overall 5 star.
johncsantos1958	Recommended	107.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198042871943/	glad i didnt accept other reviews despite thiers 2k19 is afar improvement than 2k18.the career works great on my computer
Dave The Horse	Recommended	97.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/b55/	good game
justin	Recommended	75.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/justincringe/	I like it
Eat Chicken	Recommended	46.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/fattythefathead/	Don't understand the reviews about this game, been enjoying it and i haven't enjoyed a 2k game since 2k15 game feels more polished and refined.
GuyIncognito	Recommended	215.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/higgomania/	NB: If you want 2K19 mainly for park, then get the PS4 or XBOX version as cheaters are ripe throughout the park, and 2K has said they have no interest in fixing that anytime soon.I play mainly for my career and this year is rather impressive. (Any thing looks better than 2k18 mind you.) Gameplay is fluent and progression has been improved. The story has quite a bit in way of lore of past games, of which I won't spoil but they're quite funny and enjoyable. My only complaint is the insistance on nicknames, this year being AI. Its not that hard to do the story without saying our character's name. Its just that its not really "my" career if everyone calls "me" AI.Overall, difficulty has been amped up which is good (it was getting too easy imo), defense will be rewarded and there is reward for learning plays.PS: Yes there are microtransactions, but the game can be done without purchasing VC. One must be patient and resist the urge to buy.
Che Guevara	Recommended	145.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jacksav145/	I bought this game for its Single Player MyCareer and I was happy, but I have tried out the MyTeam and other online features and was very dissapointed, If wanna buy this game then be prepared to not having acsess to the Online Multi-player features. I'm going to give this game a 8/10 for Single PLayer and 2/10 for Online.
YuQi	Recommended	62.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/RRye/	What 2k18 was supposed to be.
Therobmoney	Recommended	44.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TheRobMoney/	This is the first edition of 2k I actually really like since... 2k12? I will say I don't play the online so I'm speaking strictly for the myplayer experience..The controls feel smoother than ever. The graphics look ok, besides the audience.I feel like VC isn't impossible to grind this year.The story is more interesting but I definitely hated the random mini-games.8/10 if they keep it up I will buy again.
zuhn	Recommended	112.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/REAL_ZUHN12355/	I LOVE THIS GAME.I have been playing this series on Steam Since 2k15 so i have the knowledge and experience. All negative reviews come from non basketballl players who dont understand the game of basketball itself. If you dont understand man to man defense or how a pick and roll is suppose to be ran dont buy, play or comment on this game.
twitch.tv/myzr02	Recommended	499.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/MYZR_02/	Best mycareer so far but missing many good features from 2k16-2k18
faded	Recommended	69.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Twofaded/	nice
Rev. Fettuccine	Recommended	77.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/RevFettuccine/	It's a great game, and an improvement from 2k18. However, the anniversary edition was a bit of a waste of money. You can cheese your way to about a 77 overall in mycareer but that isn't worth the extra $40 in my opinion. Unless you're big on cosmetic items you won't get much else from it.
Flobster	Recommended	121.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Flobsterda511/	Product received for free
hersheyr23	Recommended	201.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198127602246/	This is game story is not like any other 2k's story i have ever seen it draged me in and i watched every cutscene and i hated all of 2k's story but this one is worth more than triple aaa.
allinone_akshay	Recommended	115.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198796397049/	Really Good if you a My Career fan. Probably the best My Career sports game ever.
kodees57	Recommended	13.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198832089531/	awesome gameplay.......best basketball game till now
Flobster	Recommended	121.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Flobsterda511/	Product received for free
Zanze Bomber #GoBlue Tory>Joyner	Recommended	169.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Zanbo/	Yet again, I'm here to drop my two cents on what I think about a 2k product, obviously being 2k19!  Like last time, Mycareer will be separate from the main pros and cons since it's pretty much the reason you would attempt this game.PROS+Defense has been fixed! (no more hands going thru the ball when you know you stole it)+Two different shot meters (I remove the one near my hands, I don't like it, forces me to look at it and mess up my releases, your call)+MYGM IS LITTY AGAIN (My favorite mode =o)+MYTEAM Kept its same aspects, but has a better look!+Graphics Improved! (Not a MAJOR Improvement, but it IS noticeable)CONS-Some animations can irritate you by doing the unthinkable (make you do some stupid layup)-IT IS A GRIND!! (Everything you do, you will grind, idc what it is, you grinding! Get the Pharrell and Clipse out!)-Not enough new commentary from the 3 stooges (they did add some new stuff, but maybe they should delete a few old ones to make it seem newer?)MYCAREER PROS+Face scan, when you get it to work, really looks like you!+Character creation feels/looks a lot better+STORY MODE IS NOWHERE NEAR AS ANNOYING AS THE LAST TWO YEARS OF 2K GAMES (Nuff said?)+The park is more centered and less stretched out!+NO asain lady in my apartment!+Shooting is easier (you will make shots a bit more frequently than last year off the late and early releases)+MORE ANIMATIONS TO TAUNT YOUR A** WITH!MYCAREER CONS-HELLLOOOOOO MICROTRANSACTIONSSSS!(I didn't expect them to leave, believe me, but this is naturally a con for any game right?)-NO ANTI-CHEAT TOOL TO BLOCK THESE HACKERS! (GET OFF MY STAGE!)-2K JUST LOVES TO MAKE YOUR CHARACTERS START OFF SLOW AS F-! LIKE WHY IS A PG AND SG NOT NATURALLY ABOVE 75 SPEED AND ACCEL? SERIOUSLY 2K? PEOPLE DONT GET FASTER, THEY GET SLOWER!DON'T HATE ME FOR MY OPINIONS! I'M ONLY KING ZAN!
Gibbi03	Recommended	151.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198052817789/	This is hands down the best NBA2k I've ever experienced. Little bit of context:First of all, I don't write reviews.. but in light of all the poor reviews of this game, I felt an obligation to give my opinion.I grew up enjoying NBA2k. I've owned: 2k7, 2k9, 2k10, 2k11, 2k12, 2k13, 2k15, 2k16, and now 2k19. And I say again, this is HANDS DOWN the best one I've ever played.I avoided 2k17 and 18 because they sounded terrible compared to 2k16 (mainly due to the microtransactions and terrible MyCareer storylines/acting..) BUT this game (dispite all the poor reviewers who only have beef with the online gameplay.... which in my opinion isn't even the reason you should be playing this game..) is a huge improvement!PROS:-MyCareer storyline is engaging, fun, funny, dramatic (the good kind) and actually brings meaning to every single game you play! It COMPLETELY enhances the experience like MyCareer always should have! I literally NEVER thought I'd say that about a MyCareer story.-MyCareer acting is ON POINT. (it's nothing like it seems in the trailers btw) -Graphics are awesome, especially the lighting and texturing. -The ambience is immersive as fuhh. Much better looking crowd, better sounds, better commentating, better coaching, etc.-Takeover. Takeover is not OP by any means, but it is SICK. It's only activated after you are on a roll yourself for a while, and only lasts for about 2 mins or so. When you activate it, it is so rewarding. Think of it as like a temperary large boost to all of your attributes. You just feel a bit more talented, and it really gets the crowd and commentators involved.-Mechanics. Much better and more balanced game mechanics all around. Everything feels like its a result of something you did and you don't feel a whole lot of assisting like you have been able to in the past. -Less microtransactions, and lots more ways to earn VC-Offline Player creator is a much appreciated improvement-Faster Load times. (MUCH faster)CONS:-Cheaters online-Shoulders of characters look wacky af in select clothing (not common)-Team IQ seems to be lower than in past games, but I think thats so that as a point guard you can have more control of play calling, which I personally appreciate, but some may not.-Face scan (at least from my google pixel) did not work well AT ALL. It wasn't blurry or cut, BUT it just totally got all the features wrong as can be. (yes I tried every possible way of trying to make it work good for over an hour) ..and no..I'm not ugly..or at least THAT ugly anyway..-At the beginning of your MyCareer (1st game, and game you play against the Stars in china) you can tell the game changed its sliders so you suck at shooting no matter what (dumb, but literally just those 2 games, and it's part of the storyline, hence the skewing of the sliders) after that, as long as you are open and have a good release, the ball typically goes in. OVERALLIf you are a classic 2k fan like myself, you won't only like this game, you'll LOVE it.If you are a basketball fan and just need a basketball game fix every once and a while, get this game.If you have ever even slightly, SLIGHTLY enjoyed MyCareer, you will will love this game. If you literally only play this game online or majority of it online, what are you doing? You are missing out.This game was well worth the $60 I paid, and I highly recommend this game over any other NBA2k game. (Hope this helps)
bepis	Recommended	32.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TeemoJungle/	This is going to be an unbiased fair review.As usual 2K receiving negative reviews year after year by the same whiney people.There's a pattern with every game "I've bought this game every year and blah blah blah". They just like to cry and ♥♥♥♥♥ about something. Seriously, stop buying their games if you don't like it but realistically that's not going to happen lmao, these jokesters are still buying the game and come back to the review section every year to whine. I swear, some people can never be pleased.Every year they bring us HOURS worth of gameplay. Some things I want to touch up on:1. The Storyline.I'll be honest and say that 2K18's storyline was disastrous, one thing I really disliked about 2K18 was the annoying voice actor, super obnoxious and sounded plain weird, Shammy Wells also made a contribution to how bad that game was too, annoying nobody treating the protagonist like♥♥♥♥♥♥despite his weak game.I feel that 2K18's acting wasn't thought out properly - they've definitely improved it in 2K19, you play for the Chinese league, then the G-league and then NBA. Before you're in the NBA you're given challenges for extra VC and such, which is nice. It's more realistic and you have to grind. The acting overall and the protagonist's voice actor is much better in 2K19 and a little different, and for once not annoying like the others. His voice fits for any character's appearance.  People complaining about storyline: this is a sports game, if you bought this game solely for the myCareer storyline then you're playing the wrong game, the storyline is a nice bonus that a lot of other sports games don't include so be happy that they put in the effort.ANOTHER GREAT IMPROVEMENT THEY MADE WHICH IS PROBABLY THE BEST OF ALL: Skippable cut scenes.Some people love storylines, some people don't. This time around we both win! (Hold A - Xbox, Hold X - PS).THANK YOU 2K.2. VCNow, I'll be honest. I bought this game a few days after release and some players are already 90+ OVR. It is pay to win but those people are only playing themselves. If you have a problem with it and don't want to pay then GRIND and PLAY THE GAME. It is nice to play in the neighbourhood with others but if it is such a problem then play the game like you insisted on doing and return to the neighbourhood later when you're ready and have enhanced your skills.Remember 2K are a business and most games these days sell DLC, sell in game skins, weapons, skill points and the list goes on that you have to pay money with. Take GTA V, League of Legends, Fortnite and many other games for example. This is how it is, get over it please.I just know I'll be avoiding those 90+ OVR people because they're impatient and play just to beat people with low skills.. uh, for what reason again lol? It's not you who is losing out, it's they who are wasting money on a game.3. Graphics, audio and visualsI play on the highest settings possible and the graphics are outstanding. From sweat to wrinkles in the player's fingers everything looks pristine and very life like. Each player is incredibly detailed like how they appear in real life from tattoos to their hairstyles. The animations are quite nice too. I've already mentioned that I think the main character's voice actor is WAY better than most previous ones. Commentary in game is always top notch and educational. You learn a lot about your oppononent, your team and your character almost as if they're giving you tips. It's also nice that they are crediting all kinds of players on different teams through commentary including yours, they mention your previous game if you did well and it's a nice confidence booster. The storyline's actors were great, the voice acting wasn't awkward like 2K18, no awkward pauses either.4. "OMG THIS IS TOO HARD!" GameplayWell, I mean when you jump into the game you're basically trash tier player from Chinese league/ G-League. What do you expect lol? Did your player pop out of mommy along with a basketball?You should know every year you have to grind. Like it's not something new they've implemented. I'd rather not buy a game that's too easy, people complaining about having to have perfect timing/release... maybe you just suck lol. It's not that difficult, keep playing and practising and maybe one day you'll get better, buddy!I quite like how the gameplay is this year. 5. myCareer player customisation / neighbourhood aesthetic etc..Now when you're in the barber shop you can do more customisation to your player's hairstyle and it's free, you don't have to purchase before trying on the hairstyle like in previous games, so no more wasting money on hairstyles that you don't even like!You can select a hairstyle and change the length, the fade etc. Press Y for xbox and triangle I believe for PS when in the barber's.In between haircuts it's also not some dragged out sh*t like in 2K18 when those irritating barbers would mumble some irrelevant♥♥♥♥♥♥to you, like dude.. just cut my hair please.Now, for clothing it seems that they're now adding limited edition type stuff into swags as I noticed earlier today under the "beats" clothing line there's limited quantity so that's quite nice if you want to look cool and snag some aesthetics that some others may not have the chance to get their hands on. There are some of the same clothes and also some new clothes, same with in footlocker. (not sure if there's any new shoes in there though, haven't spent too much time there).You can wear any shoes in career games also or at least so far for me, I'm quite early in the season and I don't know if there's going to be a nike/jordan/ua etc sponsor but at least at low levels you don't have to wear the crappy generic 2K sneakers and you can wear something else if you buy it.In 2K19 you don't have to walk up any streets but it's a square, things are easy to locate and there are courts in the middle. You can also change your character's clothing in navigation rather than having to go to your house. --Only complaint I can agree with is the VC thing, if people are cheating then let them, they'll get banned.Focus on your own game.
Mamba	Recommended	163.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198252181490/	goodshit
Hoops	Recommended	378.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198366306075/	Really good game with nice gameplay, some cheaters though, havent encountered as many as i did in 2k18  though so thats a positive, but all in all i would recommend this game
ARMY	Recommended	553.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/xXIARMYIXx/	I LOVE THIS GAME , But i dunno why im on ChinaTown server i asked to 2K to be shifted to Europe
zTyyy	Recommended	108.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198399661153/	fun game but need to fix on buying vc in my career.
lenny	Recommended	20.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/addmeonthesnapLITASLENNY/	♥♥♥♥ING AMAZING GAME
SmiT0	Recommended	128.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/manlig/	yep
RAZ	Recommended	16.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198244072452/	Product received for free
grahammainprize	Recommended	12.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198865540528/	very good game just need more people to play with for multiplayer!!!!
Cy	Recommended	224.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/cyrilow/	Great game , good graphics and content. 10/10 Would RE-BUY.I recommend it to everybody , whoever is downvoting this are actuall trash and have no Basketball IQ .
Designz R Us	Recommended	394.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198323711055/	major improvement
SokoBdc	Recommended	163.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198157684436/	Great game,SO MUCH BETTER than last year,a lot of content and many more to come in the yaer!Also please dont watch the reviews there are A LOT of haters who just buy the game put a bad review and then refund!Try it,trust me!
Krush	Recommended	40.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/YourFutureBoyfriend/	how do break ankle
Hide On Kush	Recommended	299.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198103087257/	Much better than 2k18 and very good game overall. Great NBA sim with good gameplay. They also did a pretty good job forcing you to have strengths and weaknesses in MyCareer based on your player build. Great game to play with friends whether it be a franchise or playing squads on MyCareer. The main negative about the game is the lack of an anti-cheat system, however I've yet to run across one and suspect they aren't as numerous as some people would have you think. Regardless, that's still not an excuse for not having some sort of anti-cheat especially after a few years.
Vimmer	Recommended	252.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/KrelleGJ/	The game is great, if you have friends, otherwise it's not that fun tbh.And yes, It's p2w...But the time I got in the game so far, has been fun:)
Lady Korine	Recommended	109.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197979926895/	The last NBA 2K i played was 2015. Quite a lot has changed for the better since then. Solid single player experience so far - not interested in online so I can't comment there. Enjoying myself and there's a lot of content and solid progression.
Kozzy - Red Dead Redemption 2!	Recommended	241.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kozzy420/	The Good- Gameplay is vastly improved- Biggest improvement though might be AI- You can skip cutscenes in My Career for the first time- Presentation is better to, best in the sports game business- Tons of Content this year- Looks good and runs well- Controls are better- Big improvement for My Carrer compared to the last 2 years.Bad- Microtransactions, although I don't need them to enjoy my career and my teamMore of the best sports series out there
>Revolution HF	Recommended	362.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/sloth121/	>buy game>hate on game>buy next game of the same series>complain about game again because of the exact same problems>repeatpc will always have cheaters, apart from that it's better than 2k18
swuoppe	Recommended	151.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/BlueEyedMutant/	This is already a way better game than last year. It feels more real and you dont have lebron or westbrook just running and posterizing anyone in the way
meretka	Recommended	41.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/meretka/	good
MillionGuy	Recommended	129.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198080227738/	Better than last year. Honestly feels really good. I have not run into any cheaters as of yet.  Only issue i seem to have is that park is barren sometimes. But all around better game than last year.
Zero {}	Recommended	320.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198001196516/	Games great.. physics feel very realistic
Plamen HF	Recommended	284.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/itsPlamen/	This game has really good story for myCareer and myGM. All people say that to win you have to buy VC, you need to grind and play good. I haven't bought VC and I am 86 ovrl. My record is 70 wins and 60 loses.I Recommend!
Derrick's Nose	Recommended	305.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198062498585/	best baseball game in the world
chicken	Recommended	86.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/chickenthebeast/	Well, it's better than 2K18, no doubt, but there are still some problems.. Optimalization is trash, cheaters, VC cost more (it's not problem at all but for some poorer it may be...). Posivites are, well, MyCareer (story is really good for sport game), MyTeam ("oldnew" features), NPCs on HoF are better than last year, neighborhood is also better. I only played MyC and MyT so I can't really say something about other mods like MyGM,MyL etc. To sum up, i will give this game 6,5/10. There are still some things that have to be patched.
Who tHiS? NEw nuMbER	Recommended	129.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/therapymusic/	Idk
Blaze	Recommended	249.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198343426023/	Better than 2k18
thelazysword	Recommended	112.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/thelazysword/	I can't really say much about playing park as i pretty much only play mycareer against cpu and myLeague. But i think its alot of fun
Windforce	Recommended	161.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198062769857/	I do not understand why there are so many bad ratings.I will say this is the best 2K story in the series at least for me as a MC player.The control is good and real. Altough it feels hard and the point deduction is too strict I still feel quite ok.Very good! Keep up with your work 2K!.OK Update:Seems no more story in MC after i GET into the actual NBA... I am starting thinking to change my opinion. Hi 2K is this type of small pieces of story really difficult? Some short themes like 2k17?
Lew1s32	Recommended	109.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Lew1s32/	Another year, another 2k. Is it me or do players feel heavier this year???
THE Timmy	Recommended	67.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198802592501/	Product received for free
Carson	Recommended	158.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/CarsonTB/	i like
Seb (AFK Probably)	Recommended	83.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/gaviseb/	This game is truly excellent.Apart from the early launch bugs it provides an excellent MyCareer playmode with a much improved story. Of course there are some cheaters, but how is that different to any other game - the Park is also not the main part of the game so there are a lot of other modes to play on.
PedroBaho	Recommended	114.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/pedrobaho/	Product received for free
shreyassuresh561	Recommended	86.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198849947444/	Nice game ultimate graphics But not able to play properly. Game lags too frequently and the meter on rec and MyPark is too laggy. Pls 2K TRY TO FIX THIS PROBLEM!!
sweethussey	Recommended	94.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198066348998/	Perfect basketball game and the best one in the market, simple as that. it may not be the best one in terms of online, as it requires a large amount of playtime to get a decent player, but for offline grind, its perfect. Also worth noting that a 65-70 ovr player, which is relatively easy to achieve, can still do decent in MyCareer.Every year I see the same bad reviews, from the same people, claiming the same things: its a pay-to-win game, and IT IS NOT. You get 1200VC per game played in mycareer (all star difficulty, so it can be even higher in harder difficulties), which is more than enough to get you clothes and get the ovr up untill 70. From there upwards, its a pure exercise of griding, as it is in any game that implies PROGRESSION. Cheats? of course there are cheats, they are in ALL PC GAMES. You can avoid cheating for a few weeks, but hackers always find a new way to cheat.
Kovi13	Recommended	4.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198305063131/	Can't launch the game at all it says running and thaen it dissapears
sweethussey	Recommended	94.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198066348998/	Perfect basketball game and the best one in the market, simple as that. it may not be the best one in terms of online, as it requires a large amount of playtime to get a decent player, but for offline grind, its perfect. Also worth noting that a 65-70 ovr player, which is relatively easy to achieve, can still do decent in MyCareer.Every year I see the same bad reviews, from the same people, claiming the same things: its a pay-to-win game, and IT IS NOT. You get 1200VC per game played in mycareer (all star difficulty, so it can be even higher in harder difficulties), which is more than enough to get you clothes and get the ovr up untill 70. From there upwards, its a pure exercise of griding, as it is in any game that implies PROGRESSION. Cheats? of course there are cheats, they are in ALL PC GAMES. You can avoid cheating for a few weeks, but hackers always find a new way to cheat.
Kovi13	Recommended	4.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198305063131/	Can't launch the game at all it says running and thaen it dissapears
Sourdan 52	Recommended	210.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Sourdis52/	Hmmmm i dunno where to start... defence is little bit harder i would like to call that more realistic althought if u ask for pass (playing solo career) they give you the ball that helps a lot to get more points in low ovr and doing progres in budgets, last year that was a bit of problem (not getting the ball enough) so i am happy the kept the balance here (harder D but easier ball possesion i mean i get the ball almost everytime i ask and team chemistry is low af), ok the add of bar in layup everyone wanted that and knows how good this is, the skip in cutsneces was nice, from my little start i see the vc is easier to earn (1st contract nba 1k vc per match wow without even sponsor and i get to choose the years wow baby only 1 years dreaming more vc in second...), the game tempo/speed is slower (makes us controll our player with more accuracy) and the ball is easier to loose/stolen (the add of layup bar and the slower game speed make me wanna create a playmaker shlasher and i thing it's the most fit (aka most "op") in the new changes even thou there is no 3pt talent, i never like my team online cause of low class players change bot defence in my possesion, i can't imagine that this year will not have effect cause bot defence is harder in 2k19... althought they add the option to play solo against only bot (i think in every my team mode) so i kind of felt a love story here <3 (also i saw the add some other "modes" in park idk never tried not going to talk about them) i would like to see in 2k20 in online multi the bots be bad and every crying kid have to face vs ball D, thats the right way! ok one last add i also loved the easier access from one point to other, after match u can go in practise... i only got few hours but loved every moment of it as a 2k fun i am very happy with this year improves (oh and yeah boys we have all 4 drills in practises, the cocktail dude is out less ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t!)
I play with Randoms	Recommended	142.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198848422169/	Game is lit no cap 
Chambalero	Recommended	102.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198104088469/	update the players! hairstyles tatoos etc.
Camy	Recommended	5.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/honestlyidontevenknow/	Masterpiece. 2K is the king of consumer friendliness.
BigShotMike28	Recommended	18.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198159630447/	I Love This Game :D <3
Mr. Birday	Recommended	8.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mikibee21/	A quality basketball game...change my mind
G1NGER M1TTENS	Recommended	40.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/G1NGERM1TTENS/	When 2k18 came out I thought "I really don't like this". I kept playing because I need my 2k fix like everyone else. I've only played 19 for a few hours and I have nothing but good feelings. The negative reviews seem to be coming from no anti cheat - personally, I don't care, I only play career and local play-now. The others are written in chinese (I assume the devs did not do a good job with the chinese stuff). The things I like:The story is actually engaging this year. I like the characters - their voices are done well. Theres some big name actors in there.YOU CAN SKIP A CUTSCENE IF YOU ARENT VIBING IT OR YOUVE GOTTEN THE GIST. For the last three years in dunking, and the last FOREVER with blocks - if you didn't stack that category, you would never do either of those things. This year they finally addressedd those issues. Almost any player can dunk (look at the NBA, almost any player above a certain height can dunk) and you can actually block someone if they took a bad shot. There are better steal scenarios and it actually feels like there are some fights in the 50/50 balls. There may still be micro transactions but at least the games pay out more VC. There are usually two goals that pay 500 each so on top of your stats, you can actually earn enough to level up decently.Alot of the animations and collisions between players is improved too. It feels like alot of the mo-cap stuff got a face lift. The graphics aren't amazing but they are consistent and on par with the last games. Just in general I have good feelings about the game which hasn't been true since 2k16. I'm a junky tho, I already know I'm getting 2k20. Just happy with how this year turned out. If you're mostly a career player you'll probably like it.
Scripto	Recommended	297.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198021041325/	Best NBA 2k game in a while. Developers are actually working on making this the best game for a while. Dont beleive the people who say the game is trash because of the grind. It's necessary because it would be bad to see a ton of 99 overall brown shirts running around the park. People are getting banned because they are keeping track on how you earn your VC and if you use cheat engine. Buy the game, it's fun.
Nurkka	Recommended	57.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/nurkka/	It's finally possible to skip the cutscenes!
gamez6444	Recommended	79.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198002824005/	Improved compared to last years. I almost strictly play MyCareer only, and in that aspect, I love this game. The story is amazing, much much much better compared to alst years. the gameplay has a learning curve due to the changes to this years version, but overall it is better also. Highly suggested buy if you only play mycareer. 
Bloodified	Recommended	163.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Bloodified/	If 2K is to blame for the mostly negative reviews, then we are to blame for putting the game in the global top seller's list.The real question here is why do we continue to spend so much money on a game that's "trash" just to write 200 words complaining about the game?At the end of the day 2K will be wiping their tears with your money and you will be wiping your tears on your crusty controller.If you want things to be different act different. Complaining about the game you buy every year is simply money in their pockets.Reason for my positive review? I mostly play this game for mycareer, myteam and mygm. Those things seem to work fine, so that's that.
Super Alexa	Recommended	128.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Adaleiz/	This is a basketball sim gameSo here are the breakdowns of the modesMyCareer is a progression mode, treat it like an MMOMyTeam is like a TCG, with an auction house for cards MyGM is a Team manager mode, you play as the managerMyLeague is a Team mode, play a team over the season and off seasonSo thats 4 different modes already. you can expect the TCG to be P2W of course but also accesible for players who dont want to spend more. There are a ton of offline modes in the TCG modein MyCareer the only online aspect is park mode(casual) or pro-am(ranked mode) basically 2v2 or 3v3. The 5v5 league aspect of it is offline. Its important to have a decent overall of 70 before playing online, but skill comes first which brings us to the next part of the review:controls:There is a lot of depth in ball control, passing, shooting. Theres different controls for defence/offence and it takes time to learn it all. Its best played with a controller because you need the analog sticks. ps or xbox controllers work without extra setup needed. Theres a lot of learn and always room to improve.gameplaysmooth, no crashes, running 60fpsmusic/audiohip hop tracks and beats, pretty typical stuff announcer during 5v5 games. similar to watching nba on tvlet me address why a lot of people review negative:1. a lot of people want to have a max level character at the beginning for mycareer. They don't like MMO style progression.2. people want the best cards right off the bat for their myTeam without spending money. Cmon this is basically a TCG. those 2 are the most common reasons, now just consider those genres to see whether you like it or notmy recommendation is still a yes and i give it a score of 8/10 because there aren't any alternatives for this game and its also pretty fun and has a lot of things you can work on to get stronger, seeing your team grow or your character grow is really fun
Paidki11er09	Recommended	41.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198081324055/	Can't get a single game in "play now online" or myteam online. does anyone play
✪ Sp1ash	Recommended	92.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/D-Bara/	good game 😊🏀🚲🚀🔥
Skillezzz	Recommended	43.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197988517359/	Im probably one of the few who think this, but i think 2k did a good job this year. NOT GREAT, but good. The story is by far the best since i started playing in 2k15. Although i wish it didnt come to a comlete stop after the prelude. Now im 20+ games into the first season and the story litterally is done. A shame really, casue this had so much potential. +Great story+The new achetypes+Easier to level up player when not buying vc. Still takes a long time, but now as long as 18. +Faster loading and in general better meny system+Much improved neighboorhood. -The story ends after the prelude-AI defense is probably the worst i have seen so far in the 2k series-On pc there will always be hackers unless they implement a anti-cheat system (im mostly playing offline mycareer anyways)I felt the 2k series was getting worse and worse every year, but this is a step in the right direction. But please fix this AI defense!
Stream_Extreme	Recommended	87.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Stream_Extreme/	This is the best 2k basketball game yet.Gameplay and controls are great..... graphics are not so great.It seems they make the rest of the background textures look crappy on purpose in order to make the player face scans stand out more.
fr1endLy	Recommended	87.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/fr1endLyy/	Super fun, love the my player.
NeXø	Recommended	5.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Nexowastaken/	Aside from the fact that i've got to use a workaround to launch the game, the frequent stutters and crashes, you've got a good title. The MyCareer is dope, for one. Unless you get this game for less than half price, i'd  not recommend it. But overall, Sure. It's okay.
BALLOUT	Recommended	50.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/BLMTHESHOOTA/	its ok got it for 35 ebayway um just grind its ok not bad park lit some times and if u buy every year it gets old fast i didnt play 17 muck or 16 didnt touch 18 gonna grind this and be #1 the fair way
fr1endLy	Recommended	87.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/fr1endLyy/	Super fun, love the my player.
b0njo	Recommended	154.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/yungbonski/	5/5
mattw13	Recommended	295.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198153573779/	I got it mainly for myteam and am loving it so far. There are so many ways to get good players this year without spending money. Haven’t tried mycareer or park but if you play myteam I definitely recommend.
Hibachi for Lunch	Recommended	120.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198277715739/	I like that you can skip cutscenes in MyCareer
naglis	Recommended	1.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/sh4nkerr/	i get it why there's hella negatives, but overall pretty lit game
IamBATMAN	Recommended	3.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198038488693/	Ball is life.
The Caped Crusader	Recommended	56.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Novaman229/	Honestly I'm a singleplayer type of person, mainly MyLeague. I don't play online much except to play with some friends every now and then. However, I will tell you that the prelude this year for MyCareer is absolutely insane. I love the story, it feels more real. Last year's was actual garbage and I'm very satisfied so far with this year's. I know there's a lot of complaints about microtransactions especially in MyCareer but they aren't terrible. At the end of the prelude you can choose teams based on how interested they are in you, and I got 985 VC a game from the team with the most interest. It would still take like an unholy amount of games to get you up to 85 but it's not that bad of a progression, especially once you get endorsments and stuff like that. Strong recommend for single-player and maybe not so much for multiplayer. Also, the defense? It's like that picture of KAT on Boogie at times, but the pick and roll is lethal if you can do it right.
Dwood	Recommended	96.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/dwood79/	Really like the MyCareer and even the new MyGM-narrative. Much better than last years version. Don't play MyPark thou...Edit after some intensive gameplay:I don't understand all the negatives out here... People know upfront that there is VC to be bought for real money, but you can achieve EVERYTHING without spending real money, you just need patience. If you don't have it, you must pay, but that's not the game's fault...The gameplay is absolutely insane, best basketball game out there, even the AI is "mostly" competetive and intelligent, I'm saying this playing as a semi-pro myself in earlier years.I can't say much about online multiplayer since I only play it local but there it is so much fun. The development in myCareer is fine but as I said, if you want everything at a flip of a coin, you must spend a lot of money. And if you don't put a lot of time into the mechanics or don't understand much of off ball movement, you'll have no chance against some of the players out there, even with a 99 player... ;-)So if you wanna play a basketball game, this is the best option you can get! If you want to be competetive in an esports game without an extreme amount of effort, this is by far one of the worst games you could get ;-)graphics: 8/10sound: 7/10gameplay: 9/10
Yaltear	Recommended	25.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Yaltear/	Do you want a decent basketball game that you can play by yourself? If yes, then this game is pretty damn good. Made some improvements over 2k18 that I thought were needed. Game is overall more difficult, but more satisfying when you do just about anything in my career. This is the mode I stick with since anything 'competitive' is really more just like a black hole for your wallet.If you want to play this online/multiplayer, don't even bother. JUST DON'T. Unless you got like $300 burning a hole in your pocket, you're going to be grinding my career for a while before you can even come close to competing in MyPark. People throw a ridiculous amount of cash at this game so they can stomp people who don't spend money in MyparkMyGM is improved quite a bit, as well. No more stupid♥♥♥♥♥glitches after trading someone and them still appearing in future trades as still under contract for your team. It is also just generally faster loading trades, hoping into games, etc.
CheezyXD	Recommended	0.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/EinsXD/	It's actually good if u like to play 2k. Even though there's no much differences, i still like it. However, you might need some computer that has a minimum spec. requirenment, at least, or more.
gamerpinoy2018	Recommended	34.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198447442659/	Gameplay is good. I've played NBA 2K12 for 7 years (2011-2018), and this is the 1st time I've bought a game since that time. I can say that OFFLINE FEATURES really mproved.
FUCKLIVING	Recommended	197.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198813180253/	Best
rovaira2	Recommended	16.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198002189495/	So far based on My player I am really enjoying the game. It runs well, looks nice, and is fun to play. I wouldn't say it's a huge leap from year to year, but seems to be pretty customizable as well this year and I'm enjoying playing on myteam as well as the Sonics. I'm thinking about putting Jordan on my team as well. :)
Lobottech	Recommended	268.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/maxpayneindagame/	Better than ever, still cheesy with off-ballers!
Skillets	Recommended	9.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198438304851/	Good game I recommend it cause of the plaground if your computer is good then if you put it on all ultra settings then you then you will really enjoy playing it 
PJRosak	Recommended	147.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198371259897/	Best 2K so far
Private Pepperoni	Recommended	26.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Etho4TheWin/	If you intend to play Online or play the "My Team" mode just stop here.The singleplayer experiance on the otherhand is pretty good. Besides the TERRIBLE microtransactions, the My Career mode is suprisingly long for campigns these days and will keep you busy and will be a fun experiance. The movie scenes are good and are an improvement from previous versions. However the mobile face scan is still god aweful. The Play Now mode is a fun mode to play offline with your friedns with the gameplay staying mostly the smae with some minor improvments. The online servers still need some work. Also this game has A TON of cheaters so like I said, stick to My Career and the other various offline modes.Overall: 7.5/10 Last year's game was worse but this is still far from perfect
Faint	Recommended	88.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198062625462/	I always loved to play NBA 2k, I have been playing this game on my xbox but decided to try it on my PC... Man tbh, best decision!!! It is very smooth, enjoyed playing last night and I would definitely play more. Not sure with cheaters but I guess I'll find out once I get matched with one. But overall, the detail and gameplay is very good.
LIL CUTTHROAT	Recommended	174.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/xDxDxDxDheheXD/	well, i would say 2k19 is better than 2k18, its not that much paytoplay as 2k18 was, ofc there is some bugs, but i hope they gonna fix it in near future
huncho	Recommended	31.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198276285843/	if youre a REAL basketball fan youll like this game
Caris	Recommended	119.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/liluzivertyuh/	Idk why there are so many negatives views both mycareer and park have been good for me
William	Recommended	94.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/hoganic/	LABron
JKlutch	Recommended	264.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/JKlutch/	Solid game all around.
Kevinzcup	Recommended	251.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Kevzcup/	Too many cheaters
!☛GriiViiT☚!	Recommended	120.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/akiratootx/	ps4 controller doesnt work on 2k19( does work with wire) doesnt work on bluetooth but works on 2k18 anyone know whats going on with that?
buddhaven	Recommended	31.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/buddhaven/	The best 2k I have ever seen.
topyxyz	Recommended	56.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/topyxyz/	I like MyCareer's story this year. I actually didn't want to skip the cutscenes. Game's good so far.
thirdy03	Recommended	13.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198340342415/	Very good game specially my career, better that last year, very fun to play!
GiGi	Recommended	25.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/asap_giggy/	Good career mode and  single player. Haven't tried online yet.
topyxyz	Recommended	56.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/topyxyz/	I like MyCareer's story this year. I actually didn't want to skip the cutscenes. Game's good so far.
Phillip Yabut	Recommended	117.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198192570282/	best mycareer they've had in years, but there are a few bugs.if you play mycareer don't let the mostly negative reviews stop you.
DarthBacon23	Recommended	166.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/pokemongorman23/	Its a very fun game, the only downside is that it's kind of buggy
B2themyth	Recommended	194.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/B2th3myth/	No microtransactions DO NOT AFFECT THE GAME...Yes, read that clearly. Unlike 2k18 where the MyCareer grind was ridiculous, NBA 2k19 has beenn refined and the grind is worth it. Especially since it will be easy to earn 1200+ VC/game even as a scrub. NBA 2k19's gameplay is where people need to focus, this is the first basketball game in a long time, where defense is just as balanced as the offense. No more Zig Zag cheese and no more dribbling spam. Basketball IQ takes priority on BOTH sides of the ball. MyCareer gets all the backlash because of the microtransaction ability. This year you don't need to buy VC. In the prelude you should make enough VC by just playing the games to have a decent amount to upgrade your player before you sign your first NBA contract. After that as I said before VC is easy to earn this year.The fact you can play MYGM story or classic is a major plus . This year's MyGm has you taking over a new franchise. MyLeague is still the best franchise mode in all of sports gaming and NBA 2k pays attention to the offline players as much as their online players. And that never gets any love.Myteam is loaded with content out the gate but I hate that you are forced to win 2 online games to unlock the Auction House. That is quite BS. And my biggest gripe about NBA 2k.I am not a huge play now online fan, so this is based off what my firend thinks who loves it. The new tier system is cool but being forced to choose different teams pretty much every game bothers him. Yes it helps with matchup variety but sometimes you just want to play with your favorite team in H2H regardless if the other player wants to just play as GSW or Houston.Overall this has been one of the best NBA 2k games especially after last years game. 2k needs to be praised and it seems most of the community is, it's the outsiders who don't understand how 2k works who are crying about microtransactions. 8.1/10- Must Buy in my opinion if you're a hoops fan. If you love sports, this is the definitive sports game every year.. It would be higher but there is no anti-cheater and you will run into cheaters online which does dampen the PC experience of 2k.
Formzy	Recommended	108.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198365413517/	Great game, single player is the best of any NBA I have played to date. Never needed to buy VC either and my MyPlayer is at 86 overall already and just in my second season with the Lakers.  Much better than playing on PS3 or PS4 as I previously did. Runs like a dream on i7 6700K and GTX1070 makes PS4 look cheap when comparing the graphics lol!  Tons of people online aswell but have never played online, not until my player is around 90%, don't wonna be skooled!!!!
GG25	Recommended	172.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/johnopinauin25/	Best NBA2k game ever. Played since NBA 2k5. Still have room for improvements but the overall experience especially in its gameplay is superb.
kevin616	Recommended	89.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198352071221/	Product received for free
Grinding DF	Recommended	294.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Ugotbrainwashed/	Hey guys its the finished version of 2K18! Good job 2K!
Awkward Panda	Recommended	149.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198070053613/	For the 3rd time, the MyCareer save has disappeared... incredibly frustrating. Overall great game but seems some issues...
TROLLMES	Recommended	101.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/StopDropTroll/	My Career Mode: still a better love story than Twilight.
E-Word	Recommended	83.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198068627765/	Game is fun to play, but I mostly play MyCareer.
Tibor_Slo	Recommended	159.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198843453002/	I recommend this game for everyone who love to play myGM myLeague and myCareer...if u play my career online (as I do) u will have to spend 50€ extra so u can get ur player to 85 as it is unplayable(On park) without the microtransactions. On MyTeam online u will have to spend a lot of money to have a team you would like to have. But I love the game play in this game I love all the little features on myLeague the story is actually good on mycareer this year. I spent 50 hours on this game and I hardly touched myGM/myLeague. The bad sides of this game are the microtransactions/the cheaters that are in online modes but in mycareer I havent came across anyone cheating. If u played the previous games u will notice a lot of gameplay changes.
Tender Foot	Recommended	82.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198370463559/	Product received for free
ScyteX	Recommended	20.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/RICARDSVANAGSOF/	i bought anniversary version, and i cant find the code for 100k vc! please help me, tell where is it 
TheQodeX	Recommended	241.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198798338928/	I finally understand now why this game has the most popularity in the community but also with the most negative reviews. But lemme give you a fair review. I am a fan of 2K since 14 and a PC gamer. I love the game. Undeniably, the best basketball game in the market. I will recommend this somehow. But here's why you people should know before buying the game:1. MyCareer Difficulty - I tell you, the level of intricacy in terms of defence and offnce this year is insane! I always play Hall of Fame since my first 2K in 14 but this year's HOF is #GOD! Nobody can't stop a driving Russell, Curry on his stepback quick threes, DrayGreen, Bron chasedowns, and everything. Pro and Superstar level has no difference at all!2. MyPOINTS - you greed maniac 2K! For you to have a better experience in the game you need VC (but that's not a problem for me) and to level up you need myPoints. Points are so difficult to earn - in Superstar 12Q mins, i only get 40K max mypoints (you need to have at least 50points, good shot percentage overall, no turnovers, etc) which gives me 5% only to go to another level. THAT'S A ♥♥♥♥1N WAY TO LOVE YOUR FANS 2K! 3. MyCareer Gameplay Meter - Again, this is godly! Defensive breakdowns, TOs, etc - they empty your meter to D+ for every mistake compared to how the meter goes up on ASTs, good shot selections, the like. Balance is not your thing, 2K?4. Events' Playtime (Schedule) - Im a nurse and can only play 2K after 5PM - but your events are only up til 5. What's wrong with you people? How are you targeting well your market? Can you be fair?5. SERVERSSSSS? - I have a 1060 6GB,  16GB RAM and i5-7400 rig. I know FPS falls not because of my build but because of these poor servers. I also have a fibr 10mbps (Fibr is what we get at top in PH) but playin online is full of SH11111T! I bought the gold edition, because I thought it's going to be lit. With so much changes this year (which I appreciate), can you, 2K, give us more reasons to look forward for 2K20? Allow us for a better experience. Provide us better servers, medium to hard mypoints system, etc. VC is not a concern for me since 2K18. I buy your products because I love the game. Just please award your loyal fans with more treats than tricks. I beg of you, 2K. I believe there's much more - we're waiting.
Azrael	Recommended	19.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/fuckmeokay/	BBQ CHIKEN ALERT! XD
Lasoniadozier	Recommended	5.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198083946298/	The games is great! However you can’t buy VC in-game or through Steam and that Sucks!!!!
stz	Recommended	31.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/steezels/	It's fine. If you enjoyed 2k in the past, you'll enjoy this. Plenty of mechanic upgrades, loading times are much faster. hit em with a yeet my dudes
TomDa3Ta1ent	Recommended	45.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198257244239/	CAN GET VC SAYS OOPS TRANSICTION FAILED PLEASE TRY AGIAN PLEASE FIX
GOD	Recommended	27.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198280887249/	Very fun game but in my opinion not s good as 2k18
🚀Speed🚀	Recommended	55.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/dandanielthebest/	Great game but I  cant even play MyCareer my game freezes right before every time I try someone help
E.N.D.	Recommended	97.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/emperorzero497/	I bought the 20th Anniversary Edition. But I can't seem to find my LeBron Gear and MyCourt Decors.
AmenAniYamut	Recommended	97.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198441597058/	VeRy Good Game you play bakset with the ball very nice
I_Bobcat_I	Recommended	85.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198855941154/	was good game not insanely better than 2k18 but is better in lotta ways all the negative comments are from salt best myteam evert soooo good
boiron	Recommended	328.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/b0iii/	First of all, let me explain the "OMG THIS GAME IS PAY2WIN LOLOL ♥♥♥♥ING TRASH GARBAGE" comments. Yes, you can buy VC which gives you the ability to strengthen your skills and upgrade your overall. I agree, kind of pay to win BUT you can choose your own opponent. And the "you move your character like a monkey, its so bulky" comments, I don't know if they have ever played a sports game before, that is how these games work lol (you get used to it pretty quick), also you can grind those VC in myCareer which is the best myCareer in 2K so far, story is not as bad as it used to be in the past 2K games. Like for real you could buy this only for this mode, alright moving on. I don't get this much negative reviews, I've literally seen a review "Just joining the negative review wave", yes this is a new game and there will be stuff happening that's not intended sometimes, but thats just how it goes. I bought it for full price, I don't know if it is worth it but it'll be %100 on sales.
Hero Insanity	Recommended	290.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198091034848/	Product received for free
E-Town.nfg	Recommended	45.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198209915593/	Imo best NBA sim out there. A++
Frip	Recommended	136.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198105540283/	i only bought nba 2k19 to purchases their amazing microtransactions. its the future
teckniek	Recommended	32.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197991244286/	Can't purchase VC
Bag33	Recommended	167.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197976554639/	I have zero problems with the game.  I haven't played multiplayer yet, so hopefully the cheater problem is resolved soon, all cheaters should be shot.  Anyway I love the game.
bullets4breakfast	Recommended	190.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198349871560/	I really like the game but it crashes on me way too much and I have a moderately good pic that fits and excels all of the requirements. When a my park game is over, the game will freeze and kick me out of my career. Overall is a great game, but I hate that bug.
chaki	Recommended	169.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198156042375/	amazing game, he has a little bit bugs in the multiplayer but apart from that this is a perfect 2k game!!!
Simsimhae	Recommended	322.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198103377263/	This is the best NBA 2k yet!ProsGreat story mode (does not eat up your rookie season) Welcome edition to RPG elements Character Customization and Graphics Greens go in when openArchtypes are fairly balanced Post play is backAmple Game Modes Cons Grind is a little rough, if you dont like to use VCControls have a bit of a learning curve No MyPlayer bodytype differences (210 and 240 lbs looks the same)
TripleChickenJumpman	Recommended	95.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198112714175/	Fun game if you grind and don't whine about VC all the time. So much content it blows my mind. Still have a lot of modes I haven't played yet. If you enjoy the NBA, you'll like this game. It's easy to be critical but when you step back and look at how well the whole NBA experience is simulated, it is amazing.
TormenTz	Recommended	116.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/tjayyx/	I have every 2k on PC since 14.. This is the most drastically improved 2k game ever! So much more in depth. every move makes a diffrence now and we finally get hairstyles we always wanted! we need this popular on PC only thing that we all know we have to pay extra for is VC but if you play good in the prelude like i did your max contract for myplayer will be like 1k a game which is minimum! So you wont need the vc this year unless you want a headstart!
Virgius.	Recommended	77.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/lingevirginijus/	fix bug buy vc and dont get server error
Mino	Recommended	217.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/WhiteHAO/	pls fix the servers
kevins4484	Recommended	76.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198069978475/	These people are haters. The game is great and runs really well. Its 2k, its MyLeague....still the best in the buisness.
Ros.	Recommended	437.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/RoskiyBEAST/	Good Game
DemonicJeet	Recommended	231.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Jeet25beast/	Do not buy this game watching Steam Reviews. People here are mostly bunch of Idiots who have never played any NBA 2K Series or just returned to the franchise after 5 to 3 years later complaining how bad the game is or playing on a average PC and saying it has bugs lags etc. Avoid the idiots go to You Tube and see the reviews from the people who actually has some knowledge based on this game. This game is 5 times better than 2k18 in every aspect. Total value for money.MyCareer is awesome with a very interesting storyline better than even 2K17.Smooth Gameplay and some minimal glitches that wont effect your game.
Alith Anar (The Shadow King)	Recommended	43.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/IronHeads/	I don't like the way 2K has been doing business. Microtransactions like you wouldn't believe. That said, you only really feel that pinch throughout half the game. The story mode and the MyGm modes - which I bought the game for - are fine. Improved and worth picking up the game, if you are like me. If you want to play the multiplayer or do the whole MyTeam thing - yeah, you probably won't like the game and should listen to the mostly negative reviews. Wish there was a "buy this IF" button instead of thumbs up an thumbs down. Just use your own judgement and if you have the funds, buy it, test out what you like within 2hrs and if it isn't your thing - refund it.
LeFappu	Recommended	87.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198034279317/	I've played the game for a bit but it need some patches, to resolve some issues like all every year games need, howver it is a nice game and I recommend if you like these kind of games.
Bucc	Recommended	103.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/bucclife/	I thought this was a BR game?
swaggy p	Recommended	119.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/therealpeezy/	I have bought 2k12, 2k13, 2k16 and 2k18. 2k19 is by far the best version i have played so far. I say this because online mode is actually playable now. No lag/screen tearing for myPark. Ignore the haters in the reviews, they're just butthurt or just bad at the game. git gud bruhs.
OpticalOrbits	Recommended	72.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198450169756/	Don't let all of the negative reviews scare you away, this game is amazing. Most of the negative I am reading is because of cheaters(which is understandable) and the others seem to be because people are not naturally good and give up too easy. 2k changes their game dynamics every year which makes it fun and balanced.  This game is still new so I have faith the cheating can be fixed with an easy update. I have played since 2k9 and this is the best one ever, I am blown away and can't get enough. Hope this helps and I will see you on the court.
๖ۣۜDaedric04	Recommended	113.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198285957264/	OK game if you play it solo, but a great game if you play with friends or other people. The park this year is way better than 2k18 and added more unique stuff, fixed a lot of problems from 18 too.  The story of 2k19 is amazing and very unique from previous installments, but graphics/specs/etc are still the same. Only difference in MyCareer is a roster change and some new animations. Fair warning there is a lot more latency while playing online so just keep in mind of that. They also took out easy blow by's and improved defense. There is also a "skill gap" in the game so that noob players don't "cheeze" in the game and allow easy wins against verteran players. Overall another great game by 2k and hopefully it gets better for later installments
1744935062	Recommended	2.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198860217526/	Product received for free
Tilt For Cookies@ Twitch.tv	Recommended	62.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/nhootiewhoo/	Bought this game at the 100$ price point. being my first introduction to the title i wanted to try and go through the Tutorial and try to learn the set up. got through that with only one crash.Decided to go through and do the my career part of the game, The facial scans didnt work when i tried to use the app. Had a decent time playing the game until it crashed. and then crashed and in total probably 5 crashes. Also the game freezes often and makes it annoying to play in some games.That being said I think the game is fun and now that its open to everyone i cant wait to try online
ᴉɥsoʇᴉʞoɹ	Recommended	28.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/adrmyb2/	i bought this game for a reason. not for hackers. so i dont care :)
Swimmzy	Recommended	181.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Swimmzy/	Best 2K yet, can't complain.
