Amaterasu	Not Recommended	2,019.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198308274259/	Good game mechanics and a lot of potencial, but saddly with the newest patch they abused a lot of the p2w system. It's unfair with the newest players or those without a lot of  time to invest on the game, unless you pay lots of money to get or buy soft cap gear that it's almost impossible to get with the rng method.
✪Carbine	Not Recommended	658.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Carbineze/	P2W
Suppaphly	Not Recommended	1.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198115241408/	Product received for free
VirusFade	Not Recommended	3,107.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ViRusFade/	Game P2W Dead . F
EvilCheeseBurger	Not Recommended	104.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198222009016/	Just no, greedy developers(even way before the new updates), toxic community, and the game just gets boring really quick.
Spooky	Not Recommended	1,983.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198399168665/	The game is beautiful. It will suck you in, and then you realize the community is just memes, the support team do not care to help fix their mistakes, the end game is processing, cooking, and fishing, and every single thing you do will be roll of the dice. Your hard work doesn't matter, your money doesn't matter, as all that matters is how much of your life you let this failure simulation game devour. Just walk away, man. Don't give your money to this Korean casino.10/10 would delete my tet Kzarka and tet Dandy again
Mystified	Not Recommended	3,561.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197969228989/	Same as all the other reviews. It is an amazing game with a great amount of potential... If the devs actually cared about making it into what it could be. It has recently deployed a patch that makes it straight up p2w. How? Unlike other MMOs such as World of Warcraft, gear progression depends on FINDING new pieces of gear. In Black Desert Online, gear progression depends on UPGRADING pieces of gear that you already have. (Players who have played BDO know that this isn't quite accurate with grinding for boss gear and whatnot, however I'm trying to simplify it for people unfamiliar with BDO).Now, the new p2w patch makes it so that players can buy cosmetic costumes off the auction house and break them down into items that won't necessarily make it easier to upgrade gear, but make it so that a failed upgrade won't be quite as punishing. This puts people who pay for these not-only-cosmetic costumes far ahead of the people that don't. On top of this they also completly changed how PvP worked in one swift patch. Some changes were good, some weren't, but the point is, they either broke more than just one or two classes with that patch or the changes had unintended side effects for other classes which were either super OP or just straight broken. It's almost as if they should've had a test server to try out these changes. They do now, but it's far too late.For these reasons, avoid the game. I really loved it and before all the recent BS would have pegged it as the best MMORPG out right now. But the devs are slowly killing it and not wasting any time milking as much money out of the whales as they can. 
Elias	Recommended	5,560.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/real-ronin-hours/	I'm going to preface this review by stating that a majority of the reviews I've seen on here are biased as all hell, and that this long grind that people speak of is only needed if you want the creme de le creme. AKA Level 58 and above.I'd also like to state that this is barely pay to win. Most people whine about how you can sell $30 items for thirty million silver, however, coming from a veteran, you can literally make around billions just by telling your workers to gather a specific thing and making your other workers make trade items out of it. Some may complain that pets and maids and all that are needed. Pets usually are used to pick stuff up for you, so if you don't want to spam R, there you go. The maids allow you to deposit and buy things on the go, so if you don't feel like travelling back to some random♥♥♥♥♥town to waste your exp boost, there you. The main gripe people to seem to have is managing to buy weight and inventory space. Which is odd considering many MMO's have this pay for convience setup. Hell, even GW2, has some pay for convience.Well, that's all I needed to say for the beginning, let's move to the pros and cons.PROS:Combat - The combat in this game is absolutely fantastic, it is the only thing that will make the grind bearable at times and will make you not want to kill yourself. Each of the animations feel great, the sounds and actions feel responsive. It's fantastic. Each of the classes, that aren't just the other gender of their counterpart, all feel pretty unique in their own way.Graphics - I don't think I need to explain this, but it's pretty good. Just look at any basic screenshot and you'll see what I mean. The scenery varys drastically from some forest place, to some weird jungle and then a desert area. I mean, this might in theory be a con for you assuming you don't have a very high end system and then you'll have to run it at potato graphics.Lore - There's this way of increasing your energy cap by gaining knowledge, which you get by completeing quests, killing things and letting your black spirit absorb their sould and talking to people or observing things. These are often surprisingly well written, providing some interesting background lore.Guilds - I really enjoy the guild system that they've put forth. They're fantastic. Medium to extra large guilds can own territories called nodes. Nodes give you taxes and with those taxes you can pay out your various guild members. However, to own one of those nodes you must fight a node war with multiple allied guilds against other allied guilds. You need to communciate with your guild officers where to go and create multiple squadrons. Along with this, there are also territories that top tier guilds can own, which are basically just a collection of nodes and a city.IN BETWEEN:AFK - Most people argue that you need to remain heavily AFK during this, although after playing for a while, I'd argue against that. If you really just want a free ten million silver every day, then sure lifeskill away but besides that, it's not really AFK intensive. At the most you have autopathing if you don't want to really hold down W, although like most AFK activities it's not as efficent. Most of the lifeskills that require you to just press button even though it's incredibly boring in other games, are just AFK'd in BDO. Understandably, if you don't really like that idea of something being AFK in a game, however these are lifeskills. Not a really crucial part of the game per se but it can makes loads of money.RNG - See, I'm sort of mixed on this. While the RNG is absolutely soul crushing and at times makes you want to kill yourself, it makes sense that it's there or everybody would have PEN, the highest enhancement one can get. It's easy to get to a mediocre level, TRI, but from that point onwards you'll probably wnat to kill yourself going TET and then PEN. The only real gripe I can find with this is with accesories breaking down when you fail. At the beginning of the game, it might not seem like a big deal since most only cost around four million, but boss accesories, which are very rare and can cost around twenty million to one hundred million, can also break when enhancing.PVP - Personally, I love the gear based PVP because I have something to show for my grind and that each class has a very different playstyle if they're not the meta. However, I get if you don't really like that and you'd rather opt for something more casual and balanced. That's all I really have to say for it.Community - If you're easily offended and don't like memes, you're probably going to think the community is incredibly toxic, it's hilarious as♥♥♥♥♥♥though so I don't care. Most of the higher levels tend to also be pretty hostile if you step into their grinding spot, because they'll just instantly deck you and tell you to go away. I couldn't really care for this because it's easy to fight back, but I know many people who were turned off from this game due to the community.CONS:Balance - Alright, stepping right into this, the classes are not balanced in the slightest. Now, most people will state that if you're good enough at a certain class you can faceroll anybody and while that might be true, the fact that it's easier for certain classes that faceroll is sort of a lead that the balance is very poor in this game. If you actually play the game, you'll know what I mean.Explanation - To start off, the game explains almost nothing to you. A good portion of the beginning of the game will mostly involve you being shift-tabbed, googling how to do this or how to do this. The game is pretty complex with the only help it provides are some crafting notes where you can check what recipies you need. 
typodemon00	Recommended	339.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198023253644/	What Arche Age should have been, done way way better, and with much more interesting combat. Enough life skill things to compete with the likes of Mabinogi and a vast world to explore, I can forsee this being the MMO home I have been looking for.
DanseMacabre	Not Recommended	4.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198247880146/	I enjoyed the time I spent in the game(for the most part). They game itself is pretty good, I don't really like the style too much but it is fun. I think the HUD was way too cluttered even after cleaning it up. The PVP aspect was not appealing to me and I felt that the PVE was already starting to get repetitive at 4 hours. It really isn't a pay to win game but getting the starter pack will really save you a lot of time and frustration. You will probably want to make a few small purchases here as well but not necessarily making it pay to win. I want to warn people used to North american MMOs that this is VERY different. So be warned and watch lots of gameplay before buying.The biggest problem I had with it is the anti cheat service used. It has access to EVERY file and your computer and can modify them. Whether Xingcode uses this information or not still means someone could breech Xingcode to get all your info. It is a huge breech into your computer. I would not recommend playing this game because of this. Did I mention when you uninstall Black Desert Online Xingcode doesn't uninstall but stays on your computer, also it slows your computer down and is running in the background even when not playing the game or even after you uninstall BDOEDIT: The developer's have commented on my review, over 830 people have read it. THIS IS A STEAM REVIEW, the amount of hate I have got in the comments section is insane. Some people brought up a couple valid points and I encourage you to do some further research on Xigncode before you buy the game. Feel free to read all the comments on my review to help you make a decision. If you have useful information you would like to add to my review PLEASE comment below in a respectable manner.Thank you for your time in reading this review.
dgc1980	Recommended	2,788.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/dgc1980/	great game if you like to waste your life :)
Uzumaki Pips	Recommended	816.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/PipsGamer/	This game's very cool.A very very very big map with spots to grind. You receive exp bonus like diary if you play 1- 2 hour per day. Various classes, with styles of gameplay veery different.A pretty good history.Fulfilled with quests. You have to get knowledges of the mobs to see theyr HP. For that you need to kill that mobs until you get.Is not like DarkSouls III, you stay alive for a very long time if you are careful of what mobs you kill or if you have pontions,etc.10/10 Revoluctionary Gameplay and graphics, Best mmo ever created.You need only a medium-End pc to play this game, its very optimizated, in terms of graphics. 
D I M	Not Recommended	2,512.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/xakairax/	Painful support, bugs and errors, p2w.more and more p2w 
Vinnie	Recommended	83.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198009846060/	I spent $6 bucks for myself and a friend of mine to give this game a try. Definitely worth the cost!Since I bought the game I haven't been able to put it down and without a doubt I've already gotten my money's worth. Most others around Youtube and other reviews have made statements that the game is "P2W." I'll try and give my view on this: The game from as far as I can tell isn't P2W, but more 'pay for convenience.' The thing is, the convenience items aren't that great, and most of the time peope who do spend money on the game can sell those items directly to the marketplace where regular players who don't spend money on cashshop (pearls) can use their silver (ingame curreny) to buy these items (including: outfits, pets, 7Day or even 30Day value packages which include a series of benefits).Think of this game as a much more interesting ArchAge without REAL p2w. I'll update the review later on, so far I'm only level 50.
Razsagoth ᕙ༼ຈل͜ຈ༽ᕗ	Not Recommended	0.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/H3aD4Music/	Piece of crap of a P2W game. Don't bother, just go play ESO or GW2. Wasted potential due to extremely greedy developers. Beautiful graphics , too bad you screwed it up with the P2W aspect. The game itself is great , don't get me wrong, I mean it holds your hand a bit too much but just afk level if you feel like it?... still, P2W much ? just no, remove the P2W elements of the game and maybe , just maybe you'll have more sales and save this beautiful looking game. People don't mind grinding that much but when the game's straight up P2W in PVP you have a problem and a big one as well. Just give people exp boosts and cosmetics only , ye we can deal with that.Straight up refund after researching more.
🎃 Spooky Introvert 🎃	Not Recommended	43.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/29019/	Unless you steal your parents credit carddon't play this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ pay to win gamea game that costs money shouldn't facking be pay to win
EternalAce	Not Recommended	5,441.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198147281944/	NA-8/29/18 Well played, Pearl Abyss.
youtube.com/c/Deviation	Recommended	14.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/deviationtv/	This review is created for  My Curation Page.   Skip to the bottom for my Final ThoughtsBlack Desert Online is an Online Sandbox MMORPG created by Pearl Abyss and Kakao Games. The vast open world is yours to explore at your own leisure.GraphicsBlack Desert Online is a visually beautiful game. Everything in the game is very detailed and nice on the eyes, and the character creation menu is very extensive. The world is large but isn't filled with huge open voids, but instead is populated by vast amounts of forests, towns, caves and more for you to explore. The only downside to the graphics in Black Desert Online is the cluttered UI. If it weren't for my friends who have much more experience playing the game, I wouldn't have figured out how to clean up the UI. Seriously, it's horrendous. You get spammed every few seconds with notifications that have no meaning to new players and the amount of windows you can have open is nauseating. Audio & SoundtrackThe audio department of Black Desert Online was, for the most part, pretty good. The music in Black Desert Online is orchestral and is very well done. The main menu music always gets me pumped up for my next grind session (more on that later). The soundtrack is very relaxing and fits very well with the gameplay style of Black Desert Online (more on that later as well). The sound effects are decently well done, but there are always downsides. The ambient sound effects are pretty well done and help set the mood in the various areas you come across, but the noises your characters make are so damn weird.  Your characters often scream/moan/??? whenever you perform a new action and it's hard to describe the emotions I go through whenever I hear them. Seriously dude, you're riding a horse. You don't gotta scream. Get a grip.GameplayBlack Desert Online isn't for everyone. Do you enjoy RuneScape/Old School RuneScape and other such grind-fest related games? Then perhaps BDO is for you. Do you absolutely hate grind-fest games? I'd probably stay away. I for one quite enjoy playing Old School RuneScape, and grinding isn't too off-putting for me. I enjoy putting in the effort and watching my stats climb, and that's exactly what you do in BDO. Want to become an expert at fishing? Be my guest. Want to craft stuff? Go right ahead. Want to go kill stuff? Hop on my wagon, lets go. Everything in BDO revolves around the constant grind. The combat in BDO is quite fluent as well, and there are dozens of different skills that are unique to whichever class you're playing, although memorizing each skill can be pretty difficult (to be honest I just mainly use one skill). Plus, Pearl Abyss is constantly updating the game, with another class (Mystic) set to release soon (as of release of this review). Don't like actively crafting or fishing or riding your horse to level it? You can minimize the game into your tray and leave it on for a few hours while you automatically fish or craft or whatever it was you were doing, which is a pretty neat thing to do if you don't mind leaving the game open and artificially inflating your hours.The community is also an important part of Black Desert Online. One great (or awful feature, depending on how you look at it) is the lack of direct peer-to-peer trading. Everything goes through the in game market, and therefore Real World Trading and other illegitimate transactions are not possible (except for account sharing). You can play with friends by queuing up in a party and levelling together, or you can create your own guild, enter wars with enemy factions, and even control parts of the world (which is a pretty damn cool feature if you ask me!). If you take a stroll through any major city in the game, you will find tons of fellow players just chillin' in town hotspots, having a grand old time. It's a refreshing thing to see and can motivate you to grind more or encourage you to socialize and make new friends.Micro TransactionsMicro transactions. DUN DUN DUN! it's hard to talk about an MMORPG and not talk about the micro transactions. In fact, its kind of necessary. Oh boy, here we go.The micro transactions in BDO aren't as bad as some other games (ahem, pride of sense and accomplishment, anyone?) but that isn't to say that there are none. One thing that gives you a direct advantage over other players are pets that help you pick items up at an extremely fast rate. More items = more silver. More silver = better items. Did I mention you can have 4 pets at the same time? Wait, there's more! You can buy items off the Pearl Shop (the game's version of a cash shop). Thats not surprising, right? You can then sell the items for in game cash. Uh, what? Yeah, you can directly influence your in game wealth with a credit card. However, Pearl Abyss does frequently host events and gives out free character slots whenever there is a new class being released, so spending money on the game after the initial $10 investment is not necessary.StorylineTo be completely honest, the story didn't catch my attention at all. Character dialogue is long and boring, and I quickly skimmed through it. The parts that I did make out though were stale, and most of the community seems to agree. The Black Spirit is still my homie though, that won't change. Questing isn't a big part of the story however, and you can go on just fine without knowing the back story to the game. If BDO was singleplayer, then perhaps the story would matter a lot more.Final ThoughtsHere for the TL;DR? I suggest you read the Micro Transactions section of my review as well.Black Desert Online is not for everyone. Chances are a lot of the people who have tried the game didn't enjoy it, and that's fine. Grinding your way to victory isn't for everyone, and although I do enjoy the game quite a bit, I don't think I could ever put in the time to be in even the top 10% of the community, and that's fine as well. BDO is a sandbox game. You play it at your own leisure, and that's how it is meant to be played.Rating:Graphics: 8.5/10Audio: 9.0/10Gameplay: 9.5/10Storyline: 5.0/10Overall: 8.0/10Enjoy the review? Please check out  My Curator Page  as well as my  YouTube Channel . 
Inebriated Goat	Not Recommended	1,049.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198082264586/	It's frustrating seeing the comments on negative reviews saying things like "how can someone with a thousand hours leave a negative review"?You have to understand that this game encourages afk farming meaning that someone with 1,000 hours might only play for 40 hours. Don't get me wrong, the game world is enormous and beautiful. It is almost impossible to enjoy the world though because of the horrifying pop in. The game doesn't render textures and NPCs until they are steps away from your character. The profession system is unique but gets old as soon as you figure out how it works because in order to make any significant progress you have to leave your character afk farming for thousands of hours.I won't even talk about the downright disrespectful way the game offers gear progression because that seems to be the reason so many other users left negative reviews.It is genuinely heartbreaking that such a unique game is run by such cash grabbing devs because this game offers an experience that I really didn't get with other MMOs like ESO and WOW. Kakao, I'll give you some advice. Focus on the engine so that your jawdropping world can actually be enjoyed. Stop treating your game like it's some sort of free mobile game that constantly pushes players to spend money.
Engibous	Recommended	2,292.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197970316440/	Don't let the $5 price tag fool you. This game will cost you hundreds of dollars in the end
Mirronia	Recommended	119.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/WagnerKa/	This title was suggested to me by a friend and I immediately liked it because I wanted a change (before World of Warcraft). One thing I was afraid of was HW requirements, which were and are still very high. But the quality of the game on Low also looks like you played Medium or High in other games, so…As for Class selection, there are really a lot of them, each one has its own specific awakening, I personally like very much and I myself tried several classes to find out what suits me most.But the biggest surprise for me was customization of the character. A huge scale of things that can change the character. In addition to a base such as the look of hair, eyes, faces, here you can change the face as a whole, and as a final bead you can change the character voice, which just surprised me very pleasantly. The game itself is very diverse, there are plenty of things to do, for example, to buy a horse, a boat, to fishing in peace. There is a lot here…Personally, I'm glad I bought the game for myself and my friend, and we're both happy.+ Playability+ Diversity+ Graphics are nice even at low+ Customization options+ No monthly fees (buy and play only)- Higher HW requirements- I don´t think anything else
Handwran	Not Recommended	2.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198084296347/	P2W bs
Seanow	Not Recommended	1,037.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Seanow/	The only thing good about this game is its combat graphics and chracter customization. Devs see you as walking money bags and dont care if you have fun playing the game (you wont). It takes over 1000 hours for you to actually have fun if done correctly. Although, it will get boring again pretty quickly because you'll end up doing the same thing over and over again as the game dosent change much. The only time the game changes is when expeansions are added, but the only time expansions are released is when they are desperate for cash (half the areas in the videos havent even been released yet). Which is gonna be hard when the game heavily relies on the cash shop where nothing is below $20. This game also has all three types of pay styles, they have: P2P Subcription and P2W. This game is not worth you time or your pay check. Although this game is genuine eye candy and the chracter customization is the best i've ever seen, the♥♥♥♥♥♥that the game devs throws at you is insane especially when they think they are making the game more fun.
Alexius	Recommended	338.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/alexiusgaming/	This game is the most stunning MMO I have ever played and potentially one of the best looking games on the market. The combat is fluid, the skills are fun, the map is designed very well and there is plenty to do. I haven't played an MMO is quite some time but this game has absolutely got my hooked. I 100% recommend this game to any people who enjoy RPG's and MMO's.
Elda	Not Recommended	2,452.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197978439895/	Rating 2/5 Good for wasting time but overall Shallow game(1 Bad, 2 Shallow/Disappointing, 3 Decent, 4 Good, 5 Masterpiece)The entire game feels like a Casino/Gamblingden-experience with shallow fantasy overlayThis negatively impacts Roleplaying and Immersion (no skill needed for lifeskills, shallow story, shallow quests, rng and mechanics leading towards overly expensive cashshop-trap, no progression felt, shallow world mechanics,...)After about 3 to 4 months AFK gaming will disproportianally take over active gaming.The only good things are graphics and perhaps combat along with a decent supportIf you decide to play it, set yourself a goal or timelimit, mine is one year (ending soon).
Wspaniały	Not Recommended	691.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198077937905/	P2W
ChiliSamsung	Recommended	33.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198030750277/	Does not hold your hand, immersive world, a little grind-heavy but reminds me of Runescape because of it so I like that component.
chopsticks	Not Recommended	168.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198203081586/	its fun but way too p2w dont bother grinding, someone with a wallet can do in 20 seconds what took you 10 hours
ZraRlz	Not Recommended	4.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198121093286/	Pros-Looks good-Runs well-Sexy ladies (or men, if you're in to that)Cons-Bad story-Repetetive, "Classic MMO" gameplay-Pay 2 Win to the EXTREME-Bought out EVE
Jason Crane Adkins	Not Recommended	2,371.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/JasonCraneAdkins/	Pay to WinGrind to die
DAZTi	Not Recommended	0.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ddantes/	Back in 2014 when BDO got released in korea I was very excited of the game. After few years BDO came to EU with B2P model, and with few promises that BDO won't be like other MMO's released to the west players.We got B2P game with few costumes that are not as much P2W with few, but not really problematic stats like EXP boost or less weapon durability consumption.About one year after initial EU/NA release Kakao Games introduced Value Packs. We got 1st milestone for P2W game that is based on B2P model with subscription. Also selling costumes and other Item Shop stuff has been limited to 5 per week and was only profitable only on large scale, but It doesn't matter because people were selling these stuff anyway... We got new content with Book of Combat and Kamasylve Blessing. Both buffs are able to obtain in Item Shop(20% Combat Buff and faster energy recovery with luck)After some time, like in most mobile games we've got "Skip" button for every action with workers. For just a few pearls you can skip time and complete current task's given to your worker (like in those cheap sh$$y P2W mobile games)They decided to buff Item Shop items, to let players make more money from it. They raised from 14kk Silver per costume to 34kk silver per costume, because they can. Simple math can lead us to conclusion that with buying 5 costumes per week, which means 20 per month a guy who's not playing the game can make 680kk silver with swipe of the credit card. But its not the end...Meanwhile, we got Artisan Memories (its too many scandals to sort it chronologically), with this item you were able to skip your grind x3 and after patch few months ago you can skip your grind 4x. It means that if you make item after 40 hours the guy next to you who swiped a card could make it in 10 hours.And now the funny part begins!Recent P2W update just made it official most B2P (BuyToPlay), P2P(PayToPlay) and F2P(FreeToPlay in aspect of typical item shop game) in one. Imagine that you worked hard for your weapon and after all that hard work your weapon dropped in enchant in just few clicks. Your hours of hard grinding is flying away making you empty and sad. (*SAD MUSIC IN BACKGROUND)(*TYPICAL AD MUSIC) Here comes the costume melting and your unlimited (depends on your bank account value) item protection COMPLETELY NON P2W system, that let you with swipe of your card just like that, save your hard time of grinding.Of course, I could tell you guys about unballanced class system, nice looking grapgic , AFK life skill and worker empire that require you to run your pc 24/h just for few "kk" of silver. About pets that are "must have" for grinding in order to be efficient. Node wars or Red Battlefield and "Open PVP" content called "End Game" that even with 520Gear Score you are getting one shooted just with a snap of the fingers. Why would you play this game even after that you just read?TLDR; If you want to play comfortably you have to buy:+Weight Limit+Inventory Slots (min 32)+PVP Costume (if you like pvp)+Cooking Costume(faster exp and better processing ratio while cooking)+Processing Costume(you can process materials using warehouse)+Normal Costume(if you don't mind pvp but you want few stats and good look because of lack gear customization)=10 Pets (you can make Tier 2/3 Pet from 2x Tier 1 pet)=Value Pack (Premium)=Kama Blessing (for faster energy recovery)=Artisan Memory for future enchanting (this item is optional if you want skip grind x4)=Storage Maids x2-5 (you dont have to run to town in order to store your items)=Trading Maids x2 (you can bid on auction house without beeing in town)=Tent (for easier grind)All those items you can buy for 200-400$ depends what you want(+) - Items Character bound(=) - Items Account bound(for all haters, yes I have more thatn 5k hours on my non steam account)Thanks for your time.
Eidetik	Not Recommended	15.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Eidetik/	Ok, so here's my review. I REALLY TRIED to get into it. I did. I WANT to like this game. But this is a clear case of a game being only fun if you manage to get level cap... AND NOW ITS PAY TO WIN SO THERE ISNT EVEN THAT TO SAY!!!There is no Massive Multiplayer in this game. Its YOU.... and then other players doing the same thing you are doing around you, stealing kills, and slowing your grind. lolThis could have been the best MMO ever created possibly. The devs were shortsighted and did not put in ANY quality end game, and no dungeons or teamwork necessary to do ANYTHING worth a damn besides kill the occassional world boss coming through the a portal.So here's my 5 issues:1. According to literally any veteran gamer you happen to run into and talk to; they are going to tell you a very simple truth... There is NO endgame other than running around PVP, which WILL get old, and currently is only viable to classes that can stun; and most long term players have advised to have another game lined up to play so you have something to do after you cap out.2. There are no dungones, and no real enemy causing your hero to feel a sense of urgency. Its a bland world. Meaning, there is no story to follow beyond what is basically a slightly advanced tutorial guide the sticks with you until you finish it.Pretty much, this game only offers you single player play and grind until level cap. Then you grind more for the chance to upgrade. Thats all there is.3. There is no one who is ever actually playing with you. This is basically a single player RPG, with less depth to PVP and internal dynamics than darksouls. And NOT ONCE did anyone want to gorup up to even socialize while killing mobs... because the mid game is just so damn easy, that no one feels the need to waste time with each other.4. The devs have no real interest in their player base. Players post all the time about problems or changes they would like to see brought to the game. (Dungeons to grind through and get gear is a big one) But the devs either completely ignore these requests, or shoot them down stubbournly. There is no effort to meet in the middle, and even balancing is slow.5. Gender locked heroes is flat out irresponsible as a developer. Maybe ONE, or TWO classes, but they regularly release and they still have SEVERAL female only classes; in classes that are not only more realistically male oriented roles, but also have no real need for it; since there is no depth of story, and no lore to the world; why are you also telling me I CANT play a class unless I want to wear a skantily clad amored chick?? If I wanna be a bad♥♥♥♥♥guy hero, I should be able to be that!This is a game that claims to be "sandbox", but its populated by tons of mobs and NPC's, and would have been AMAZING as a mix of sandbox and themepark MMO style play. It falls VERY VERY VERY short of fun. After 15 straight hours of grinding, I was finally bored. There were no bosses other than EXTREMELY easily defeated bosses from the very shoddily designed and short story. (which is more of tutorial than a story)There were no dungeons. There was no evil empire, or bad guy in the way.The game lacks a sense of urgency; and the players at this point have made the economy attrocious; theres no point in even trying to be a merchant... you feel like you are lost in a system where everyone is doing the same thing, all the time, and it never ends.Metaphorically, you would do better to stand next to a freeway, and count cars until the day no more cars passed by.... its the same feeling you get when trying to find an end to the respawning mobs, and the merchants sent out by other players, spamming their lackluster products and economic system.This game HAD potential to be probably the best MMO ever created.It was squandered on short sighted developers. A true tragedy, because it COULD have been the best there ever was. A legend in this industry... now its just something you do if there is absolutely NOTHING else to do.
Ex Mudder	Not Recommended	1,849.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Xmudder/	  I played this game in Beta, and is has improved a lot since then.  But it suffers from the "pay cash to avoid annoying limitations" mindset of it's developers, which leads them to add even more annoying limitations in gameplay you need to pay to avoid.  I especially hate the price controlled marketplace, which as with all price controls, leads to massive scarcity.  As bad as Marketplace PvP can be (and I have played EVE), not being able to buy things you need, or sell things for a price that is worth the investment, really weakens the game. 
Lostvayne	Recommended	9,004.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ReinerLute/	idk
arcwolfalpha	Recommended	22.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/arcwolf/	Product received for free
A2 best girl	Not Recommended	39.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/makoburbank/	it was a'ight.then it went to down the drain cuz of p2w nonsense.
_____________	Not Recommended	1,633.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198451083877/	Overall this game is amazing, it has great graphics, great combat system, and amazing scenary. This game if you're devoted will give plenty of hours of play time. This game is great for any mmorpg player. But there are many problems with this game, and one of them is the enhancement system. This way of getting better gear is one of the worst things I have ever seen. the rng with this game is all over the place, there are times you get that satisfying moment or times you just hear one sound and fall into depression. Another reason is that the game has been made to be P2W and many players have left, me included. I do think that players that are looking for mmorpgs to play should give this game a chance though, just be warned that you either enjoy the game at the start and then quit or you keep on playing until you realize it's flaws and quit. Either way this game will be a placeholder for a better mmorpg.
Grimr	Not Recommended	2.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198048585907/	(The no recomendation is just for that i just wasen't enjoyoing the game. might change in late game, but early so was it Micro transactions galore. to many of them.booring as f-k)the tutorial was porly handeled.the black mist thing you constantly have to speak to makes anoying sounds you can't turn off.the combat feels shallow.the music's good.graficks good.constant chat poppups about people failingt heir enchants are annoying as F-K (tho there is a button to turn that off)the kill grind is real.the kill missions are to short. kill 3-5 of these then turn back in.As i previusly said. the game might get better later on, but early so is there nothing to realy hold you on in the game. meaby if you got som friends to play whith.
NightOwl	Not Recommended	36.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198344658902/	Black Desert Online is a fantasy MMORPG wher u must figure out the origins of the black mist creature/demon (whatever u want to call it), that guides u throught the game. Its an amazing game with tones of content and it looks amazing (on most PC's). But its has a few major problems that i think dont belong and are only their because they derive from Asian gaming culture (some of them). the only good things abouth the game is that it has a player driven market, guilds can own towns and tax other guilds (i dont really know how this works or how much a guild can change or influence a town but its a thing). and a good class system with an amazing (and i really mean AMAZING!!!) character customization system. And a good fighting system,  Outfits and Cosmetic Items The outfit and cosmetic system is astronomical BS, almost anything and everything u would buy to make your character or character home look better cost money in a form of a fake currency called Pearls (that u cannot get ingame by the way) i kid u not it costs 30-40 US dollars to buy a character costume /or outfit, the character homes look like trash empty crackhead apartments with concrete wall and flooring but u can buy ingame stuff like tables, chairs, beds to make it look a bit better but u cannot buy different walls, lanters, flooring those u need to buy with real currency.  The Usual MMORPG  S H i T  That bugs all MMO We all want to be that guy that just want to be that MMO Solo player, well just like in all MMO u cant do it in this one either... ..well i mean u can but it will get to the point where its no longer viable and you'll need a guild (and i mean...NEED!) near the high LVL's guilds tend to make runs on specific areas to gather, lvl up, or do watver sheit guilds do and if u jump into their rotation runs you get ur azz handed for not asking if u could jump in. its that simple join or befend some guild guys. You simply cannot be SOLO high lvl piece of sheit Kirito, that does'nt happen here.The learning curv is all right, but like i said if ur new you'll just run around doing nothing but jerking. And the game is more quest baised like all MMO.....do this, do that, kill these azzhats, gather this sheit. Its your Cliche MMO and that just pisses me off sometimes so like all mmo u need friends or a guild, or ur gonna stay at 36 hours like me.
Nigersaurus	Not Recommended	538.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ultrazentra/	As a new player, it was fun at the beginning where you just played with all the different classes, but mid game, it's hell. Do not buy this game unless you are going to pay 10x the original game, completely p2w pvp and there is not end game pve unless you count the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ world bosses. Speaking of bosses, there in customization in outfits unless you pay $20 per outfit that actually looks cool, all the boss gear drops look like♥♥♥♥♥♥ at least the armor ones look trash. This game has satisfying gameplay, and has a potential to be the best mmo in the market, but the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ devs keep ♥♥♥♥ing adding the dumbest♥♥♥♥♥♥ever, and also never fixes any problems, just keep adding p2w stuff, it's like they’re trying to literally kill this game.
NightOwl	Not Recommended	36.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198344658902/	Black Desert Online is a fantasy MMORPG wher u must figure out the origins of the black mist creature/demon (whatever u want to call it), that guides u throught the game. Its an amazing game with tones of content and it looks amazing (on most PC's). But its has a few major problems that i think dont belong and are only their because they derive from Asian gaming culture (some of them). the only good things abouth the game is that it has a player driven market, guilds can own towns and tax other guilds (i dont really know how this works or how much a guild can change or influence a town but its a thing). and a good class system with an amazing (and i really mean AMAZING!!!) character customization system. And a good fighting system,  Outfits and Cosmetic Items The outfit and cosmetic system is astronomical BS, almost anything and everything u would buy to make your character or character home look better cost money in a form of a fake currency called Pearls (that u cannot get ingame by the way) i kid u not it costs 30-40 US dollars to buy a character costume /or outfit, the character homes look like trash empty crackhead apartments with concrete wall and flooring but u can buy ingame stuff like tables, chairs, beds to make it look a bit better but u cannot buy different walls, lanters, flooring those u need to buy with real currency.  The Usual MMORPG  S H i T  That bugs all MMO We all want to be that guy that just want to be that MMO Solo player, well just like in all MMO u cant do it in this one either... ..well i mean u can but it will get to the point where its no longer viable and you'll need a guild (and i mean...NEED!) near the high LVL's guilds tend to make runs on specific areas to gather, lvl up, or do watver sheit guilds do and if u jump into their rotation runs you get ur azz handed for not asking if u could jump in. its that simple join or befend some guild guys. You simply cannot be SOLO high lvl piece of sheit Kirito, that does'nt happen here.The learning curv is all right, but like i said if ur new you'll just run around doing nothing but jerking. And the game is more quest baised like all MMO.....do this, do that, kill these azzhats, gather this sheit. Its your Cliche MMO and that just pisses me off sometimes so like all mmo u need friends or a guild, or ur gonna stay at 36 hours like me.
Pizza Slut	Not Recommended	5.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198135660145/	The game is gorgeous. It is not fun.
Minake	Not Recommended	6.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198108315871/	It's pay to win now.
ṪḩḕĴṹḏḡḕ	Not Recommended	5,839.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/crwsafix/	just don't even waste your time, you can play MONTHS grinding gear not hours not days MONTHS and you still have a chance to lose it all in as short as 1 second - trust that I know what the ♥♥♥♥ im talking about my hours should say it alone.
Shoxie	Not Recommended	234.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/nicobleiler/	Cashgrab 
Snowman	Not Recommended	1,266.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/gaybasher/	its pay to win with rng everything, needs more pve.
Ivoxs	Not Recommended	254.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/lvoxs/	p2w
Speedy	Not Recommended	18.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198024514790/	pay to win
TundraFlame	Not Recommended	2,178.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197967540100/	While this game definitely has a combat system that is different than most other MMOs, it is not a very good combat system. There is no end game other than high level pvp and that high level PVP is incredibly inbalanced, with huge swings of power every few patches. You're either what's OP, or you're an NPC with very little wiggle room for skill expression. Most of the classes that are viable at any given time typically feel identical to each other, and even the ones that are never viable still don't feel different enough.This game is FULL of bugs. Crashes constantly with no fixes in sight for months at a time. Patches sometimes take a full day to implement and they still aren't done right. This game had lots of potential before the devs decided to ride on their coattails and say "Screw it."Lastly there is no arguing that this game is pay to win. It is not pay to win in the sense that if you pay you simply do better than others who haven't, but the progression system in this game is brutal and paying for cash shop items drastically increases your efficiency. Like 25x in most cases. You will not be able to play this game to the end of it's playable content without dropping at least $100 USD into it. Which frankly is ridiculous for a game that barely works half the time.
GGAmyV	Not Recommended	1,710.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/GGAmyV/	Product received for free
TKS	Recommended	2,234.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TKSChan/	This is a game to waste your pointless life away 👌
Kebab	Not Recommended	2,435.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TheREALKebab/	Okay fine, it looks like their is actually people from the BDO team actually reading reviews so I'll put my thoughts on the game here.  And so all of my friends can laugh at me for writing a lenghty ♥♥♥♥♥♥ review I recently picked up the game not long after the steam release and have reached level 61 on a Striker TET Dande TRI Kzarka/Full Boss GearProsA fun combat systemWhich is honestly so rare in MMOs I was really surprised when I first played and probably the main reason I dedicated more time to BDO. Especially going into Striker. The combos and flows even in my unawakened state was really just plain fun, the attacks had weight and good sound design making fighting random mobs for the ten billionth time atleast slightly less tediousNode SystemI'm normally a strategy player and like economic strategy games like The Guild and Patrician series and this gave me a real feeling of those games, minmaxing my workers and setting up supply chains to workshops wihle handling the transport of goods between cities. Was VERY enjoyable for me.Character Creation.I really do feel unique in the world, there's never going to be someone with the same face as me unless they download a preset of it that I have uploaded myself. This is a great feeling along with being able to change model height and shape, is a feature I can really appreciate.AFKing is not punished. Sometimes I would rather, alt-tab and read something else and focus on another thing and I can do that in BDO without feeling like I'm gonna miss out. With passive income from workers and afk fishing I can see this as potentially a bad thing with the need to leave the game open at all times to ensure that you're always getting resources and always generating wealth. But this isn't a problem FOR ME.Some minor things;World SizeInteresting life skills, such as horse training and breeding and hunting. Wide variety of classes and playstylesA good community (hot topic but there is a TON of guides and personalities welcoming and helping new players.)ConsP2W[edit]https://clips.twitch.tv/PatientEnergeticTurtleRalpherZTo clarify what is happening here, is that the person is buying items from the cash shop with real world money, to melt them down to allow him to easily reach the end game last tier of gear with little no risk involved. [/edit]The biggest point of contention I have for this game. Is the cash shop, I hold the opinion that this game is p2w and you MUST pay more than the base price (which is low) to be able to play on the same level as other people who choose to pay. While some will say that it’s okay you only need to invest £20 maybe £40 into the cash shop to ensure that you can grind efficiently. While this is true someone who can and will put hundreds of pounds into the game WILL ALWAYS have an advantage over you.Whether that is more storage faeries than you can imagine to basically allow them to stay and grind on something for as long as they want, artisan memories to allow them cheaper and faster repair costs allowing them to upgrade their gear faster than a normal player and the BIGGEST slap in the face that there is cosmetic items give you real in game bonuses, I can't even fathom what they were thinking when they did this but it is a complete joke, Along with pets being completely and utterly needed if you want to be able to farm mobs AT ALL without blowing your brains out makes this game one of but not the worst offenders of P2W currently on the market.And of course the hidden cost of £20 a month to pay for value packs. But wait you can buy them on the marketplace right? Time to rant about that now!!!MarketplaceThe marketplace (auction house/player to player trading) is an ineffectual and awkward beast that only causes players misery and hatred of the game. I can tell you it has already almost made me quit the game when I first wanted to get something from the marketplace, it is such a bad system of trading people will go out of their way to avoid it and to craft and enhance everything they need.How it works. There is no free trade or player set prices, the prices are set by the developers, Kakao Games you cannot go outside of the set max and min prices, the marketplace also takes a 30% cut as a money sink to handle inflation, which is understandable. So when you want to sell something even if you are the only person to ever have that item and it is so rare it hasn't even been seen before? You can only set the price of this rare object of desire by kakao's price.Now if you want to BUY something from the marketplace, god help you if it is a high demand item. Though if it is not the only problem you need to worry about is if someone registers another of the item on the marketplace for a cheaper price then you need to wait an arbitrary amount of time before you can buy the cheapest item.Now if its a high demand item? You have the same chance at being run over or winning the actual lottery. You select bid and then through some sort of magical process of RNG a winner is decided who wins the item, the winner must then click on the bidding result of the item and receive it. There is no other way to get a high demand item. If the winner of said lottery doesn't click it on time then it will go to the buy phase where it is simply who can click the buy button the fastest which favours the people closer to the server and with a better connection. This is the weakest part of the game, I can deal with the p2w but this might break me. Though that was more of a rant than reviewing the game, I have become zen at the fact of overcoming this frustrating system and now ENJOY the fact I can watch my fishing boat being won by another player for the 3rd week in a row constantly refreshing and spam clicking for it."Endgame"There is none. Node wars is the only thing you are working towards gear wise, and that ends up being a laggy zerg from my understanding with individual player skill being an afterthought, as long as you can survive for more than 10 seconds against the wizard/witch meta you can help attack a tower for 5 minutes until either side zergs the hardest.But enough of that, that's for the next part. Your endgame, reaching level 61 finally after weeks of grinding mobs and nothing else to help you get to that sweet level. You are rewarded with... wealth grinding? zerg pvp? friendly duels to perfect your cc combo oneshot? I understand that this isn't a typical MMO and dungeons and raids aren't something the developers want to introduce, I've seen some argument that adding dungeons or raids turns the game into a gear treadmil of farming, but then what are world bosses but them in zerg format? You are rewarded with nothing for attaining a high level and gearscore and the treadmil of Pri to Tri then attempt TET and going back to pri is just something to prolong the "gear treadmil". There is simply no reason to grind it out when you are going to be doing the same things that you do at level 61 than what you were doing at 56. Grinding Sausans because they cannot figure out how to balance grind spots.The PVPThe PVP aspect of the game is probably the strongest part, but it falls so flat on its face. Everything at the end game that includes PVP is a complete zerg. Personal skill matters so little, the only thing that guilds look for is having a high enough gear score to survive the current wizard/witch meta we're in or if you're a witch or wizard. This is both for Red Battleground (Which is completely unneeded and dumb imo) and Node Wars. While the Battle Arena functions more of a FFA place for friends and guildies to practice rather than anything competative.Small scale PVP arenas are coming in the next major update patch Kamasylvia Part 1, hopefully this solves the large scale PVP problem.
IrroZan	Not Recommended	220.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/raptor829/	I'm sorry I have to write a review like this, but here goes.This game despite being incredibly complex and immersive has a  major flaw in it's core fundamentals as a game that make it utterly hell for 99% of people.---- Progression is RNG & Luck based (major flaw design) ----- The only reason you're going around begging monsters to drop you loot or whatever other way you make money is to do the primary aspect of this game which is getting stones to enhance your equipent OR buying expensive pre enhanced equipment which I hear also tends to be luck based with the poor "pre order" system that's in place. So you run around and farm hours on end to grind enough loot to generate some income, then you spend all that income you just earned to buy stones to enhance and pray to RNG Jesus that you even +15 your items let alone Duo->TET->etc...They throw you into it from the start and that's LITERALLY all of your progression from the beginning to the end! Not only that, but little Johnny wants some Black Stone Armor/Weapon...well sorry JOHNNY so does EVERYONE ELSE AND THEIR GRANDMA! So get ready to spend time trying to win that Bid so you can buy your stones before they're all gone! You can pre order Black Stones for Weapons, but not for Armor? Who thought that was even logical? What difference does it make? I need BOTH OF THEM! So I pre order the Weapon stones because it saves me some stress, but I spend half the day trying to get my Armor stones 1 by 1...THEN! I try to enhance and uhh oh! Max Durability for this item is too low!...Damn now I have to pray that all the Agerian armor pieces are on the market! Ohh no they only have 3 Helms on Bid, 0 Gloves, 5 Armor on Bid, and 4 Boots on Bid. WELL now I'm not only trying to get a hold of those darned Armor Stones, but now I'm also trying to get lucky and get more of my armor pieces to repair my max durability so I can go back to enhancing and inevitably needing to buy more armor pieces to repair max durability AGAIN! But wait there's more! Ohh no I woke up too early and the Blacksmith is not in their store because they only operate in their real world time like real people...but this is a game! That's a cool idea, but not when I'd like to repair my items! Sure it's like 20-30 mins, but still I can't progress until I finish enhancing/repairing my items so I'm just wasting time! So now I fish and make some income AFK hoping for Ancient Relic Shards I sell with a 30% tax reduction and make 400K vs the 700K it's worth all while I contemplate why I'm still playing BDO.
Anthem De Vigil	Not Recommended	439.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198011268136/	Been playing for about 3 weeks. Its a decent game, but the end game content is not there. Its  all about pvp past 56 and grinding thats it. If thats your forte then maybe its for you, but if youre looking for a game with actual balance of pvp and pve, this is not for you. The community is extremly toxic, probably the most hateful, racist, sexist, harrassing, trolling community I have ever experienced in an MMO. This is the main reason why I will not play anymore, successful MMOs are based on the community. Maybe I'll come back sometime in the future if they add more endgame content and the grinding isnt just so mind numbing, and an ability to report the toxic players.
RiskyTimePanda	Not Recommended	14.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198006570958/	Very deep sandbox but if you have no interest in playing this game for PVP find another game because this game wasn't made to challenge solo/ PVE players in the slightest. Trash mobs have no bite to them and the quests don't either. The UI is clutered and the game does a poor job at outlining the games many features.A buy-to-play game with an outragously priced cash shop and everything is designed to hamper the player, forcing a tedious grind. It's not all bad, as anyone will tell you the game looks great and I could set a target FPS that the game would dynamically adjust to perform at your chosen comfort level.Be warned this game really isn't aimed at western audiences.
LostKing	Not Recommended	36.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198026217544/	P2W do not play just read the post here. Do i really need to add more ?
clayton.john.godin	Not Recommended	859.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198378299670/	Endless grind, waste of money, P2W, dont bother, all the no lifers will just stomp you everywhere you go. save yourself the headache and pick another game to try
Shankee	Recommended	141.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/shankee/	Forget about it if you want to be a competitive player as you will need monthly "value packs" that cost real money and give quite an advantage in your quest to earning tons of money and buying the stuff you need to progress equipment-wise. Also don't forget that this is a korean MMORPG which translates into endless grinding sessions (fortunately the combat is extremely satisfying).Otherwise a beautiful and relaxing game that is well worth a buy just for levelling up your waifus and doing some fishing.
Essence^	Recommended	1,263.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Essence10/	Warning will ruin your life & Bank balance if you let it. 10/10 would get addicted & rage at the evil sob black spirit again! (I'm joking... Please give me luck Enchanting my liverto to tri.)But seriously this game blows every other mmo I have ever played straight out the water.Also why would anyone be worried about the anti-cheat software being a trojan in 2k17 LUL.I have yet to meet a single cheat so far! (Which is more than i can say for the last couple of korean MMO's i played)
faith	Not Recommended	2,047.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ShiroeK/	I can't tell if I like this game or not...On the one hand, the combat system is really well done for an MMO and the ways combos and such work remind me of fighting games with all the inputs.On the other hand, you have the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ RNG enchanting system and stupid auctionhouse bidding.You could be grinding peacefully at Sausans or Desert Nagas for 40 minutes when all of a sudden some level 61 red striker comes out of nowhere, cc locks you, murders you, then says "Spots taken lul".The graphics (if your computer can handle them) are really really good especially for an MMO. The in game photo editor is really useful and I urge you to learn how to use it to take advantage of the graphics. Also has, IMO, the best character editor/creator of modern MMO's however the character creator is finnicky and it takes a while to get your character to look juuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuust the way you want them to.It has a fantastic in depth crafting and knowledge system along with a great life skilling side to complement the mob grinding.HOWEVER, along with the horrible RNG that this game seems to revolve around, the servers (kakao please) are still horrible after my 6 month break... Desync and lag is the name of the game... Incredibly overpriced casshop items... 40 USD for a single costume for a single character...? P2W (though people will argue that it's just "pay to speed up") items like the new Cash Shop Tent that was added... Horrible weight and inventory management system... I understand adding weight to add "realism" but it's just an inconvenience to the players more than an immersive gameplay experience... OH did I mention that there is no auto looting feature without spending money in the game? Only way to autoloot in this game is through pets. You can get a few pets (1 or 2 iirc) for free or you could get lucky and buy one off the auction house with in game currency. Otherwise, be prepared with your wallet.To sum things up:I actually can't tell if I like this game or not... Not worth full price but if it's on sale for half price (or less?!) I recommend trying it out for the eye candy. The game is really pretty but if you're no fan of grinding for weeks just to get a single level up or to finally enhance your weapons/armour only to have the weapons/armour degrade, this game just isn't for you.If you really want to play the game however, I recommend joining a guild, either serious or casual, that will help explain the game and play with you. It's always the community of multiplayer games that help shape your online experience after all.
Skurpe	Not Recommended	70.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198102700771/	I like some stuff in this game it ain't all bad.+/- Gameplay is pretty good but too easy for my taste.+/- Graphics are beautiful but render distance is trash.+ I like UI fancy and helpfull.+ Unique stuff. (Collecting Nodes) (Speech check tree) + Sounds in game is well done.- Expected more of a challenge in PvE. (died only once from fall damage)- This game is cheap but there are microtransactions.- Kinda sad you can buy afk exp farm on some scarecrow. This exactly shows how much ´´fun´´ this game provides.- I hate to render distance in this game you will probably need NASA computer to see something farther away.- Grind.- Limited inventory weight+also limited slots, of course,you can buy them in pearl shop. (Can get them for free but they are not enough) EDIT: Forgot to mention storage space in town also gets filled very soon even with lot of expansion.And that's about it. I haven´t reached p2w so can't say my opinion on that. My highest lv is 54.
CMDR_WOLF	Not Recommended	7,208.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/CMDR_WOLF/	As of August 29th Patch Notes this game has gone P2W. Its a fun game at the start learning the skills, classes, etc but quickly after the honeymoon stage you will learn you are going to need to spend real month and a lot of it be be relative.
IRIS	Not Recommended	9,695.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kristhos/	The game use to be amazing. The company will not listen to it's player base, and is going a completely P2W route. Many broken promises from the devs, constantly breaking the pvp and skills of classes. Delaying content that every other server has except na, etc. The game itself is beautiful, the graphics and combat system are top notch. The company is the only thing holding this game back.I mean, it's still fun, but the gap widens every single patch that these guys throw out.
久世 拓也	Not Recommended	3,071.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198150797316/	It is time for this game to die, it is going down the path of revelation online no point for new players to spend time on this pay2win game with ridiculous rng in every aspect of the game. The grind to even progress futher than the average gear renown is basically impossible, the economy is absolutely broken no way to enhance other than to just pay2win and get easy progress with gear carried monkeys.
Giant Dad	Not Recommended	10.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Legendary-Sama/	Ignore my hours played, I've played a lot more than it shows.Black Desert Online is a game I had a love-hate relationship with, but it steadily drifted towards being just hate. It's frankly not a fun game past certain points, and it definitely didn't fit me well at all. The game is an endless grind and on top of that, an AFK-simulator. These two things are what you will be doing the entire game. You either grind until you pass out, or AFK and feel awful if you ever turn the game off because without having it running in the background at all times you lose out on a lot of things perks and profit you could have otherwise made.You can best describe Black Desert Online with the phrase "But...". That's because everything nice, fun and enjoyable in this game always has a "But..." attached to it. Let's try it out!The game has amazing character customization that allows you to create the character YOU want to play! But...  All of the clothing you can get for free is generic and looks the same regardless of your level. It only has minor differences, and any GOOD clothing you have to buy for real money from the cash shop. Sometimes the game lets you try out a clothingfor a few days, and you'll enjoy it until it's gone and you realize how horrible the regular non-paid armor looks.The game has a really fun combat system, all in real-time with active dodging and a whole plethora of skills to use from many classes! But... The enemies you'll fight are brain-dead. They all function essentially the same way and will never pose much of a threat unless you're vastly under-leveled.The game has amazing PvP where the combat system actually gets to shine! But... It's all much more gear-and-stats based than it is skill based. People with better gear will crush those with lower gear regardless of how good they are.Gear can be earned for free without paying for it in the cash shop, so all players are on an even playing field! But... To get the gear you're looking at potentially hundred of hours wasted on what might be the worst RNG-based system in existence. You have to invest all of your precious gold into a fraction of a chance to upgrade your gear. Oh, you failed? Well, down into the drain it goes. Time to start over! Which leads us to the next point...The game is buy 2 play and none of that free-to-play P2W garbage! But... The cash shop is very prominent, and in this game money is power. Money takes A LOT of grinding, and if you want a chance at ever being able to use good gear, you'll basically be FORCED to pay your way to it. You need to buy pets that allow you to earn money, you pay for the ability to grind at a more reasonable pace, you pay to get gold so you don't have to waste away for literally hundreds of hours trying to catch up... You'll pay, and if you don't you won't have even an ounce of fun later on in the game.It's not a good game. It's horrible designed and all the potential it had was thrown down the drain.
Neya	Not Recommended	2,339.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ayyneya/	P2W.Yes, I still play this game. Why? I don't PvP or grind. Because I'm into lifeskilling.If I did either PvP or grind, I wouldn't be playing. I love this game, and I also love the lifeskilling.But it is a P2W game, and as elitist as it gets. People with good gear, have all the means of becoming much stronger and much richerthan anyone else. And this ever so creates a huge gap in those wanting to PvP and grind. If someone has slightly better gear than you, you can't outmatch them with skill, only with gear. They added a bonus score (renown) that also applies to PvP, the higher your gear, the more bonus stats you get. There's an arsha (pvp) server with a 50% bonus drop rate. Sure, you can argue you don't have to be on this server.But again, only the highest gear people can roam on this server, making up to twice as much silver per hour, to open the gap even further from lower geared players. If you try to get on this server with mediocre gear, you'll get 1-hit anywhere you go, without them receiving any penalty for it. If you enjoy PvP and grinding, I don't suggest you play BDO.The only way you can catch up is with your credit card.
F Y I - グロテスク	Not Recommended	1,231.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/colorlessramen/	F
likeariot	Recommended	2,245.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/likeariot/	I love BDO for its versatility -- I'm a non-competitive player who prefers PvE, lifeskills, and co-op with IRL friends who also play. The game is absolutely gorgeous and allows for some pretty great character customization, your skillsets are customizable, and the game has a multitude of options regardless of whether you prefer PvE focus or PvP/end game focus. It's easy to play solo or with friends, or a massive guild if you're serious business. And since there's no monthly charge I feel comfortable dropping cash here and there in the pearl shop for cute clothes, pets, and horse gear.It's challenging and definitely does not hold your hand, but it's still friendly towards players who are new to MMOs, because there are a ton of online resources (node maps, recipes) now that the game has been out long enough and thanks to all of the hard work of the players who took on the incredibly difficult challenge of figuring it all out at launch.There's a massive amount of content here, especially if you're interested in gaining knowledge. Every character seems to have an indepth backstory, even if you just see the tip of the iceberg when you gain information on them. It's great for someone like me who likes to "collect" -- titles for grinding and finishing certain quests and catching enough of each type of fish -- and there are a ton of long term goals worth working towards, like getting a T9 Dream Horse or building that Epheria Sailboat with all of the Epheria accessories, because I'm vain and stubborn and like pretty mounts.So yeah, whatever your playing style is you should be able to find plenty of content to spend your time on. I definitely have.
Minpho	Not Recommended	1,516.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/chongnin099/	Was a good game at first. Amazing character customization and combat. The grind is very heavy this game. More people AFKs than actually playing the game. My experience after a certain point decline in terms of fun when you are constantly out classed by people with higher gear and OP classes. Progression is pretty bad. Failing your item enchantment because of RNG leaves you at a weaker state then before. RNG makes progession very difficult in this game. After 1000 hours of grinding, I can say that I have not progressed very much or at all. I dropped this game right after unlucky RNG, toxic community, and P2W mechanics.
Fapaholic	Not Recommended	5,773.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197996596937/	Beautiful game with really fun pvp mechanics. Sadly, hampered by a ridiculously brutal enhancing system that can only truly be defeated by a credit card. I'd love to spend some money to support this game, but will not be opening my wallet until they fix the insane negative progression in the game. You can spend billions of silver in game and end up weaker than when you started.Also, RNG on top of RNG with no rates disclosed at all so I hope you guys like slot machines.
Sasaki	Recommended	270.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ADustyOldCrow/	So after  100 Hours , I think I can make an informed opinion about this game. It's an MMO, so I don't see how others can play for 4 hours and then decide its a bad game? I wouldn't exactly call this a review, you can go read someone else's, yet I really want to address somethings that I feel hold people back from even trying this game.So on that note, I'll start with  the most common problems that you'll read in the reviews  (and they're things I was worried about too). The Anti-Cheat Rootkit This is something I see pop-up alot and many people for some reason flag it as a massive problem. For those of you that don't know, BDO installs a Anti-cheat rootkit which does exactly what it says on the tin. Many people complain that this is bad conduct as the game does not alert you that it does this, yet the majority of multiplayer games/platforms will do this too (Take Blizzard's 'Warden' or Valve's 'VAC' systems). This is just clutching at straws, especially since it doesn't affect you outside the game (or inside it for that matter), yet most portray it to be like a virus magnet or an intrusion of privacy. I'm sure that it's written in the terms and conditions that they do this, just most choose to ignore it, and even if it's not, someone please explain to me why installing an anti-cheat system is bad conduct? I mean let's say Valve gave you the choice of wether you wanted to use VAC or not? Exactly that's a ridiculous thought. Is this game Pay 2 Win? Long story short: No. To everyone, P2W is different. To me personally P2W is when you can purchase something that puts you well ahead of everyone else who doesn't pay to win. And this game doesn't do that. All the top players have got there through putting in the time and effort, not through dishing out dolla'. But there is a Micro-transaction shop. The majority is cosmetic, yet there are some convenience items such as inventory space upgrades. Even the items which seem pay to win on paper(I.E the Elions tear which insta-reses you), really aren't that helpful and don't really put anyone at a disadvantage. Not only that but with the market system, you can buy the majority of Micro-Trans items with in game money (If you can get to it before a long term player snipes it). Overall, no matter what you buy at most it gives you a very insignificant Temporary advantage. Especially since the majority of these items (if not all) can be earned in-game. Isn't this game just a grind fest? Yes. Put simply this is a grindy game, and if that's not for you, you probably wont enjoy that part of the game. You can only gain exp through killing mobs for example. It's very Korean-MMO-Esq and its not a surprise that its a grind fest. ESPECIALLY the gear grinding. You could spend days maybe even weeks grinding for the best gear in the game, and this is perhaps one of the biggest downfalls of the game. While end game is what you make of it, if you plan to get the best gear, prepare to spend potentially hundreds of hours grinding away at the same content, with the hope that maybe just maybe, you may get a piece of boss gear in your life time.Yet, if that isn't your goal, It doesn't feel like you're just murderising' everything. If you wanted to, you could get to level 50 in a few hours (near enough level cap, which ranges between around 59-63 from server to server). But there's quests to do too, which are a nice way to fill the time, as you will grind as a benefactor of questing. So What else is there to do apart from grinding? Well. Alot. There's a whole lot to do if you don't feel like monster crushing. -You can try and harvest materials around the map and process them into other materials or use them for things such Alchemy and cooking. Yes it has all the standard proffesions such as fishing and cooking.-You can start a farm. Farm simulator 2017, nah mate, you want BDO. Essentially, you place a fence somewhere in the world and can plant crops. The day and night cycle, aswell as the zone, ground type and weather all affect the crops. Different crops grow at different rates, and there are tonnes of possibilities out there.-Node Empire. Throughout the world, you can find nodes, which essentially are any town, outpost, city ETC. There are several main cities throughout the world and every node connects to one of these cities somehow. You can hire workers and send them to these nodes to do different things, from mining ores to farming crops, It's like having a world wide corporation. The workers themselves only need lodging and beer. You can then use these materials or sell them on the market, and with alot of workers you can almost monopolise the whole world.-Horse and pet breeding. Yup, you can go out, catch horses and breed them. Different horses have different tiers and you can essentially breed the perfect horse with the perfect skills (you heard, horse skills). The same goes for pets (once you dish out some cash that is).-Naval exploration. Not much to say about this. Once you're done exploring the main land and the desert, then you can buy or make yourself a boat and explore the oceans. From pirate jungles, to blue whale hunting there's just as much content off land, than on land.-Guilds. Prehaps one of my favourite parts of the game, guilds make up a large portion of PvP and social content. Me and a friend started a guild, and within three or four days, we already have a twenty-four man guild, most of which are active players. It's very immersive too. Members sign a contract for one to thirty days and are paid everyday. Then, the guild leader can choose to hand out pay raises based on a players contribution to the guild. Then there's guild quests, which involve subjugation (kill X monsters within X amount of time), trade quests (earn X amount of money using the trade system) and gathering quests (gather X amount of materials within X amount of time). Sounds simple, yet with a group of guildies, it can be very fun and is a cool social experience.-PVP. I've dabled in this, but the PVP either requires a big guild, or a very high skill cap. There's standard world PVP and then there's node wars and sieges. Players can capture a castle and get benefits for holding it. Other players try to siege it by building siege camps and weapons. Similarly, Node wars involve guilds fighting it out to hold points on the map and gain benefits for them.-Trading. You can become a trader, wooo! You can buy things from a trade manager and take them to other nodes and sell them. Different items have different worth that changes over time, and different nodes will have different results when it comes to trading. It's also its own skill!-The combat. My favourite part of the game. Prehaps the reason grinding is actually fun is becuase the combat is fun. Each class is very unique with a pretty extensive skill tree. Its all action combat, with a large focus on combos, which I personally never experienced before. Take a fighting game, you may have an X-X-X combo, but here you can upgrade so it  becomes an X-X-X-Y-B-X sort of combo. There's alot of variety and each class is fun to learn and play, and since theres alot of classes, there's alot to experience. Not to mention it's insanely satisfying. Every hit shows through animations, the audio ques are great, and the shaking screen effects make it seem like there's recoil with every hit and it just builds on more and more immersion. And there's so much more, yet the more  I write this, the more I want to just go play the game. I hope this can help some people, atleast those that are wanting to try the game. And if you're still skeptical, just go try the seven day free trial? If you don't enjoy it, you don't have to buy it, But if you do, the game is like £6 so you cant miss out. Just don't go in expecting it to be anything like WoW or GW2, this is a whole new can of worms.
Mel	Recommended	534.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/JustAWeeb/	After 350 hours of decorating, grinding and playing plastic surgeon I decided to write a little review about Black Desert Online.Black Desert Online or in short BDO is a game which can be a blessing and a curse at the same time, the graphics are the best I've seen in mmos so far... But let's not talk about the graphics, the game is still good it doesn't matter if I play on low graphics on my laptop or on high graphics on my pc. The thing I like the most is the character creation, it's better than watching p*rn and no I'm not joking, it's actually wonderful. There are some points that are against it, but, do you know what I tell you about not being able to change your gender on most classes? Or not being able to change your race? Just make them look different. You want a male tamer? Ruin his face. You want a cat girl? Change the hair so it looks like ears. Use your imagination.As for me, I'm a PvE player, I never really liked the PvP in this game, it's for sure awesome, the combat systeme is truly unique, you can beat your enemies with powerful combos and soamming, which is the thing I dislike the PvP... if you play one of the classes that isn't built for PvP, you're done for. And.. Don't try to beat a level 56+ player at 53 if your stats are bad, it will end painfully for you.. Oh yeah did I mention that people mostly have overpowered gear and eat normal player for breakfast? Well now I sure did!To get good equipment BDO had a wonderful idea, RNG!You want a TET weapon? Well guess what? Not with us! :)If you plan on paying for this... be sure to use the credit cards from both your parents...Now to the thing everyone thinks about when buying this game... the sto- just kidding, the decoration! In BDO every town has it's own storage, so to get more slots in it you will need to buy houses you need as storages, those are sadly not for decoration :C But hey you can also purchase a workshop.. which you can't decorate as well... Since I don't want to list all the other things, let's mention the most important point, you can buy houses in every town or farm, the interior of those houses is fully customizable, you can decorate it as much as you want and of course you can buy things with your parents credit card as well! Just to mention it: You can play this game without paying for stuff, you can still get your world boss armor to tet, it will just take you 100 more hours... If you're not interested in getting world boss armor you can just play like a normal person of course... but who does that?Just to mention it... the story.. Well that's a thing... I would like to say the story was good, but honestly... It was not. At least you gain good items from just doing a few quests.Oh yeah don't forget to afk fish 24/7 ;)And now the final statementGrind Desert Online is a game which will consume your life and mothers credit card if you want to be a strong PvP player... But don't worry, if you just want to explore a wonderful world which lives on it's own while killing horses of other players this game is also perfect for you... If you're into FPS... Please. Go away. Thank you.This was my first review ever so please don't bully me :( Since some people don't seem to understand that this review was meant as a joke in most parts, I will have to make it clear... I'm sick of triggered kids  
Y_u_no_come	Recommended	544.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198197019337/	Pros: - The world is beautiful. Enemies are different from your regular MMO.- The combat system is extremely complexed. You "can" hotbar buttons, however you're handicapping yourself if you don't press them in real actions like Up+F. It's much more fluid if you press action combinations for combos. What makes this the combat different than the others is move canceling. I didn't know this was in this game until I saw another player performing impossible moves.- The grind actually feels good because you're performing attacks that are beyond that of rinse and repeat. You even feel like an absolute god.- lots of jobs: crafting, fishing, tanning, etc. You can get lost in them for hours, and there's also a ranking system on it, which is weird but good if you like that kick back experience.neutral:- Gender lock, however some classes are just like the other such as Wizard and Witch or Musa and Maehwa. - confusing minigames and small tutorial in the beginning that won't teach you anymore after the first 10 lvls. - No fast travel, just your feet or your mount. The mount is an actual being too. Enemies can attack it seperately and kill it.Cons:- No endgame anything. Gears is by daily/weekly miniboss challenges in a particular location, which will take you 5-10 minutes on mount.- No dungeon runs either. Match making isn't in this game. You want to party with people, you do it the old fashion way: by guild or shouting.- RNG everything. However, this can be fixed with +luck gear. Luck will help increase particular chances but RNG rules most of everything whether farming, damage from particular anything, drops and stats on gear doing particular things.- A turn-off to newcomers that don't like hard MMOs. The learning curve for this game is pretty high, but if you like a challenge it's rewarding. Those that like just pressing hotbar commands are the first to suffer after reaching lvl 50.-A Majority of quests (if not life skills) are fetch and kill. Talk to NPC, go kill 30+ enemies, come back. This is what you call a Korean Grinder MMO. Pay extra portion:There are key things that make microtransactions somewhat enticing: Pets, value packs, extra inventory and weight limit expansion. Although you can play this game "pay once" like it was intended to be played, however these items make the game much easier PvE. As for PvP, there's nothing that can one up another player PvP other than better gear. Better gear is bought with silver and silver is power. In order to get this sort of silver, there are many ways, and what makes getting silver extremely easier are these items I've listed for microtransactions.1) Pets w/a max of 4 can pick up items for you and carry on their own. This alleviates some of the stress of picking up items from mobs. Each pet is roughly $8 real money, but if you play the game long enough, 20 days gets you a free penguin (at least for the time being). At lower levels, pets aren't something you'll consider, however in higher levels while you're in a party you'll have that one player with pets, and that player will take everything that's dropped.2) value packs: you can buy a 30 day value pack for $15, which is basically their version of subscription fee. This can be bought in auction houses with ingame currency, however it's quite hard to get one as it's the highest sought out item in the market and they only release 1-2 every 10-15 minutes. The value pack increase 100 weight limite, 16 inventory slots and 16 storage, and on top of that you get %30 back for auction house sales. What does that mean for sales? W/o it you're typically selling everything for roughtly 60%. That 300k stone sold will only give you back 180k unless you have the value pack in which you'll get back 210k. This actually adds up as you will be selling millions of items in the auction house and a majority of your income is by this.3) inventory space. In-game there are quests that can increase your inventory space up to 30, or you can pay a premium and increase it even further to around 90, which a lot of life skillers do. If you want to carry a ton of different items, it's almost needed for you to carry so many things at once.4) weight limit increase. You can grind to increase the strength of your character to carry heavier items, or you can have particular items that already increase your weight limit like the value pack or hercules gear that increase you 150+ weight. However, in higher levels there is gear that is far superior that you'll want to equip, so increasing your strength to carry is something that is either grinded or bought with microtransactions.There are other items that I didn't list, but that's because they're a want vs need. These 4 that I've listed a borderline "need". All-in-all you can potentially play this game completely "pay-once" as it is intended whether being $6-10, but you will be extremely tempted to purchase one of the 4 items in order to make your life a bit easier in-game. One of the things you'll probably consider is the value pack as it is basically a subscription fee for WoW or FFXIV. Don't let that mentality of trading one MMO for another for its subscription fee sway your wallet. You should only buy this pack if you really do want to invest your time and real money into this game as BDO is multiple games in one. BDO with the core of a MMORPG has many elements that make it multiple games. These other games are called life skils.1) Fishing: sure, you can fish in any mmo, but can you build a ship go to another island or in the middle of nowhere and fish there? With whatever you've caught you have options of cooking or finding a trader to buy your fish, which becomes an actual job that many players have come to enjoy called AFK fishing.2) trade empire: I'm new to this concept but you can potentially connect areas through trade routes, process or build trade crates and have them shipped to another area to sell for a profit. You can have works around the world collect and bring back to your storage items in order to process or built crates to trade again making it a trade empire in which you can also haggle prices for these items in a different area.3) Cooking/alchemy: the most effecient way to cook/alchemy and make money is by having contract NPC workers find resources, bring it back to your storage units in each town where you can make the necessary food or potions and then sell them on the market.Again, the 4 microtransactions are borderline needs and they're  more purpose for those that are serious about this game and for specific situations. Grinders: pets; traders/fishers: inventory space and weight limit; and alchemy/cooking: value pack. Although you can give your character all of them to make your character more well rounded, they're not much of a need as comparison to these particular key points. I hope this helps, and if you want to know more, leave a comment.TL;DRIs this game worth your time? Yes, because other mmos are really old and out of date. Top subscription IMO is FFXIV vs WoW. Top free to play mmo is Star Wars, however it's only up to lvl 50 free. Best pay once: this game followed by Guild wars 2 and then ESO.What about p2w? It's significant. Since you're paying once, and if you played any mmo, you most likely put money into the game that was more than just subsciption or just the base of the game. If there's a game you really care about, you'd support it by buying something whether cosmetic or actually helpful. For the price they're asking for is pretty cheap. You have a choice whether or not to put more into it. If you get sucked into this game like I have, believe me, this is one game you won't regret. This game sets a standards of graphics and combat that newer mmos should have. I'd hate to have the next best mmo come with runescape graphics or Maple story 2-D feel.
love rice	Not Recommended	1.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198034159532/	Another grindy, pay for convenience/win thingy.
Skoots	Not Recommended	209.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mykrode/	Nearly every component of this game is beautiful and enjoyable at first but you eventually hit a wall. To keep things short, I reached max after just over 200 hours played. (did a lot of life skills and side questing in between). Visually have 0 gear progression. Still look like a homeless pesent because devs are greedy and want players to shell out $40 on a costume. "Oh cosmetics are okay in games" - Sure, then how other greedy dev things such as:- RNG "lootbox" system for dyes to make your gear look somewhat different from others- Pets that loot for you $10 a piece, $50 for all 5 just to constantly loot- One time use floors/walls for your house (A seemless texture a dev made in photoshop in 20mins) for $2.50- Buying increased weight limit / inventory space to hold more potions essentially P2W in PVP- Not being able to trade with your friends or other players. What MMO does this??There are so many others things such as terrible texture popin, the fact dyes in Merv's pallet are temp and the costume my GF got changed back to defualt after the monthly value pack ended. Couple other greedy dev things such as paying to bleech dyes off clothes to re-colour, etc.. Just avoid the title. Its FREE in the East and should have been free here in the West too. I only put down $5 for this game and an additional $20 to help my girlfriend get a costume she really wanted but in all honesty after 200+ hours of doing main quests, side quests, life skills, attempting to follow an extremly weak story, I'm ready to call it quits after feeling really cheated. For $5 it was pretty awesome at first. Lots to learn, lots to do, no brick wall to hit you till later on. Felt good. Then BAM, it smacks you, and you realize how greedy these Korean's are. Just like other Korean F2P MMO's like Elsword, they share ideal values in MMO design that may be okay for some people but it sure does not appeal ONE BIT to me. - We're going back to WoW or something a little more predictable. Monthly sub may sound bad but it's something you can count on. Unlike this game where shelling out a monthly sub + extra for items is what the majority of this community does and understands is NECESSARY to play properly. For what ever reason they are okay with it. Weird right?
Adrinachrome	Not Recommended	514.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198008935393/	Great game, really fun, but the dev's and GM's are very overbearing and heavyhanded in handling bans for "wrong-think".if you're strongly opinionated about anything and vocal about it, expect to be banned mulitple times, implied or explicitly. No wrong thoughts allowed citizen.POST THOUGHTS:game is a gambling simulator that makes getting BiS gear a curse in itself, pvp is unheard of and usually resulting in just insta-gibs. lots of potential ruined by gambling simulators.
vladch	Not Recommended	0.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198184068861/	I hate the quest system. Had no fun waiting, doing nothing while my character was "playing". AI is 50/50. Good graphic, no NASA PC required. A boss is not a boss, is just a normal foe, but bigger. Not the worst, but definitely not the best. Thanks for the refund, I'm not going to waste my time on a p2w game.
Scatgulab	Not Recommended	4,987.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/sellinglobsters420each/	P2W Implemented and unhealthy gameplay.
Protato.	Not Recommended	33.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198033124763/	Absolute P2W.Before releasing BD into eurpe Kakao said that there will be 3 options for players:Option 1. Buy game once and play without additional costsOption 2. Intorduce item mall shop in game, that could give you abit of advantage.Option 3. Monthly subsciptionsKakao has chosen option 1, and thats what players wanted... until now.Kakao has introduce mall shop, and you can buy items like weigh upgrade, or durability increase items.Loads of players has complaint about it, but it wasnt too bad, as i didint give you so much of advantage.... until another new patch.And here is the catch, now you can buy wearable uniforms for real money, and you can sell them for around 100 mils.so lets calcuate, you can purchase 5 uniforms per week, which give you 500 mil a week for not doing anything, or you can dismante items and get a 180 crown stones, 1 Crown stone = 1 mill, dismante 5 uniforms and you get 900 Mil a week for not doing absolutley nothing!If you spent roughly 100USD in shop, u are basicly immortal, Kakao you have failedRegards,Legend
Chris	Not Recommended	1.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198042588557/	Update made this game pay to win trash, never buy a game from these developors.
ZeroLegion	Recommended	2,865.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ZeroLegionOfficial/	Black Desert Online9.7/10 MMORPGI used to play this game for the first time back in 2014 in KR Closed Beta.I managed to play in EU closed beta and after like 1 year in EU and 2 years from KR I might say is one of the TOP-BEST played MMORPG's i ever played.WorldAt the first sights is alive and so close to a real edge of the world, game used to happen in a fantasy Europe in XVII century.GameplayAs an MMORPG it has quest,combat,skills,gear and many more...Introducing life skilling... what this actually means?Gathering,Processing,Cooking,Alchemy,Training,Fishing,Hunting,Trading,Farming,Sailing and soon Wall Climbing and many more sport-adventure based coming in the next big expansions.CombatFast-paced smooth,lots of effects and feels so nice and such a pleasure.Combat with mobs is not target based is free-based like an hack and slash.Characters (Costumization + Own persoanllity wannabe)A feature that's actually one of the bests inside the game..... also is the only game in the world i might say that has such a vast costumization.CommunityHere comes a bit sad abou but depends of you mostly... I'm an EU veteran and i used to play in KR,NA.EU = helpfull people but also trolls and savage ones..NA = well anybody could help you..KR = helpfull and also.. if lvl 60+ most of the people are just tryharding because KR.. but still good..GraphicsAmazing and is so near the reality... no more words..But some anti aliasing + some more effects and some Very High textures won't hurt anyone right?B2P and P2W?Is worth to buy the game to support development besiedes that in KR is free to play but for others outside KR, you will need to pay 10E/$ to buy an acc so... no reasons...P2W?No way in EU/NA but in KR P2W it seems ok for them so..Is not P2W in EU ?Yep i played for a lot of time so i assure you ...Why?Pearl shop sellers could sell only 5 pearl items and max value in market is 25 mil 25x5 = 125 mil not a huge amount of money i assure you dear players..But that 125 mil ...?And what ? Everyboy has a chance to get that pearl shop items i assure you, I own over 35+ outfits on and also 3 value packs + lots of dyes... (I spent over 950 mil on all of those from marketplace) yeah you spent hours/days but is worth..Classes Actually this MMORPG has 14 awesome classes all being pretty well balanced and owning a pretty nice persoanllity & lore.Warrior: Longsword + Shield + an Awakening Weapon: GreatswordRanger: Bow + Dagger + an Awakening Weapon: Kamasylven SwordSorceress: Amulet + Talisman + an Awakening Weapon: ScytheBerserker: Double axe + Knot + an Awakening Weapong: Iron Buster (Hand Canon)Tamer:ValkyrieMusaMaehwaNinjaKunoichiWizzardWitchDark KnightStrikerBlade Dancer ( Japanese themed + not released coming in summer)Skills & GearLots of skills which are on categorized in 2 types:Normal and AwakeningAlso this game requiers lots of knowledge in knowing other classes combos+skills and also to learn some very critical combos on your main classes.Gear is mostly a main thing in this game as others RPG's.Is based by 4 colors/rank-quality color.White/None = CommonGreen = UncomonBlue = Mid-rareYellow/Orange = Rare-- NOT DONE YET  --
Magic Johnson Still Has AIDS	Recommended	7.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/martinbarc/	-Butt physics10/10
Kristinosis	Not Recommended	294.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kristinosis/	Okay, let me talk about this game for a minute. You jump into this game, and immediately you're learning combo buttons, quickly jumping into action. You land your first combo, sending an enemy into the air or knocking them off their feet then following up with a perfectly timed strike. Yeah. The combat in this game, while it eventually gets a bit repetitive, is a lot more fun that most games I've played lately. But combat is, quite literally, the only good part about this game. And the other mechanics degrade it to the point that you can't even enjoy it anymore. Let me explain. First of all, when I'm playing an mmo, I expect a certain set of things to be available to me, or to become available to me over time. Things like raids/ dungeons, for example. An acceptable storyline (and I say this in lieu of "decent" or "good" because mmo's tend to have mediocre storylines in general). Or, I don't know, some sort of reason to actually play the ♥♥♥♥ing game other than to gain minuscule increments of xp to ultimately never reach a goal of having higher stats than someone else. The only thing this game cares about or focuses on is pvp. Which would be fine, considering how great the combat system seems on the surface. The problem is, while the combat seems satisfying, it's literally only up to the numbers. Your level has such an impact on how well you do in pvp that literally 1 level is the difference between winning or losing. And the time it takes to gain a level is absolutely ♥♥♥♥ing ridiculous. My friends and I were playing on the exp boosted noob servers and still none of us made it past level 57. The other aspect that completely ruins this game is the gear system. Now, your character has 2 main combat stats that are affected by your gear: AP and DP. The thing is that gear is all levelled by improvement. So all gear starts basically the same, and by upgrading your gear, you get better stats. This seems good at first because it means you can have similar stats as someone but have different gear effects to maximize your characters potential. However, this is completely ♥♥♥♥ed up again by the ridiculous rng luck needed to get an upgrade, so much that it's relatively cheaper to just buy your gear. But it's still not cheap. "Oh, so how do you make money?" You may ask. There's two main ways. The first includes an endless mob grind cycle which you'll probably never get out of because you'll have the same gear without gaining levels, which means you can't farm the high level spots for drops (not to mention that all of these spots are extremely overcrowded by people of higher level than you, so when they kill you for "taking their spot", you can't do anything about it. Seriously, ask me how my two friends and I, a team of 3, got ♥♥♥♥ed by someone 2 levels higher than us. That's how bad the stat curves are in this game.) The second way involves training one or more of the game's "productivity" skills, or whatever they're called. Things like trading, cooking, fishing, etc. My first problem with this is, again, ♥♥♥♥ING GRINDING. You really don't make any money until you hit "master" in any skill. And honestly if you have the time and patience to hit master then you should be doing more productive things than playing this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game. The last thing I have to say about this game, is don't, for the love of god, spend money in the in game shop. Don't buy pets. I don't care how much you want the auto loot. It's not worth the $20. Don't buy the outfits. They may look good, but they're definitely not worth the sometimes $60. Yes, $60 CAD for a ♥♥♥♥ing outfit in a video game. Bottom line just don't buy anything from the shop. The summary, don't buy this trash. Unless you want to get stuck in an endless grindfest with no reward or visible type of achievement for your efforts, go play something else. I get that it's a Korean mmo, but there's quite literally nothing to do in this game except try and grind to get better stats for pvp. It's dressed up with a bunch of extra features to lure you in, but they're all ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and either behind a pay wall or a grind wall.
Imperial Guardsman	Recommended	1,405.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/flyingdice/	Got it at the behest of others. Normally, I hate MMOs and detest crafting & trade.In the first three days I owned it, I logged 72 hours of game time. I got completely sidetracked from the combat--what I initially bought it for--because of how well-designed and enjoyable the life skills, questing, commercial empire-building, &c. are. BDO feels like it was designed from the ground up to incentivize varied play and keep the experience fresh organically, rather than by constantly injecting new content for people to blitz through and ignore.Fantastic game. I get a solid 60 FPS most places and ~40 in really busy cities with maxed settings, and it's pretty gorgeous for an MMO. The butt physics are... remarkable.But yeah. Get this. Especially while it's $6. It may take a while, but you can eventually acquire any of the cash-shop items with silver, so you don't even need to feel like you need to spend more-though honestly, when you remember that you could have bought something for $60 or been paying $15/mo, why not?
Wizblam	Not Recommended	216.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198098557726/	Autoloot system hidden behind pets, $10 a piece.If you want to look like an adventurer, and not a hobo, an outfit will cost $32, unless you buy a tailoring coupon for 2500 pearls, which allows you to wear the in game costumes. Seriously?? Can't repair gear without spending real money?? There are 2 types of repair, free, and premium.The list goes on, this game has become an insulting money grab, it's beautiful and fun, and in depth. The classes are amazing and most play like a dream. But it's all a trick to suck you in and get you to spend money in order to do even the most basic things that  most mmos let you do for free.
Space Katdet (Vex)	Recommended	44.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SpaceKatdet/	I've seen two major complaints; --------------------------------One | Too complicated - As far as I can tell, it's a learning process. Everytime a MMO tries to cut away from the norm, I.E WoW, FFXIV, ect, it's deemed too complicated. Coming from EvE Online (Which, maybe that skews my view of "complicated") this feels fresh for the traditional MMO feel. Leveling happens, sure, but you hit a wall where it becomes super slow. As I've seen it described, it's about lifeskilling. There's a lot to learn, and do. I would describe it as more of a sandbox. Nothing is locked off to you, and everywhere is open. The only instanced thing is houses that you can own, decorate, and invite people in. (As an avid RPer, this game has been a life send, though lacking in more animation emotes, to be fair.)  I've slowly been learning it, and I've talked to others who have played for months and they're only learning.Do you really want to learn and master a game in a week? I played EvE Online and it was learning for years. Have a thirst for socializing, knowledge, and fun, and here's BDO.----------------------------------------Two| Busy UI/Messy, Poor Voice Acting(English) and graphical Popin - Okay, Albiet I just clumped some things together as I looked at some other reviews, I'm going to bring up everything that isn't mechanic based. UI - I would agree that is a littler messier that Western sytled MMO's. Again, coming from EvE, I'm biased. Strangely enough, I read an article about how Asian culture processes information differently, usually looking at one thing at a time. It's VERY customizable, however. Everything can be moved, resized, and you can save three UI layouts.So, it's not neagtive, in that regard, for me.Poor Voice Acting - Well. I have to admit, some of these voices made me laugh. One uniquely sounded like a 12 year old trying to put on a fake deep voice and be a soilder. Others are mismatched for the visual, but maybe that's just breaking stereotypes. However, for me, 60-70% actually sounds, well, perfect. So again, it doens't break it for me.Graphical Pop-in - There's a LOT going on in this game. Maps are open, no loading, no quick travel, and everything near you looks just so damn beautiful. I do agree that they could have done a better job with how it transitions. Things LITTERALLY just pop into existance when you're closer, or change so much that it looks like a tree just got replaced with another tree. I noticed it at first, but after a while it just became part of it. The landscapes are the most beautiful I've seen in a game.Don't even get me started on the character editor. Thing is a avid Sim players dream with more sliders and modifcation areas that you can shake a mouse at.------------------------------------ConclusionIt's different. It's well optimized (still running a stock Nvidia 770, and I can get 60 frames even with some of the nicer settings on), probably due to how they pop things in and out to keep it beautiful. The characters are well animated, and with the creator, given time, you can make yourself look different than anyone else and still look good.There's production, there's crafting, there's a more open market, though nowhere near EvE Online, but more than I've seen in traditional MMO's, housing, raids on other guilds, ect. There's so much to do in this sandbox it's hard to sit here and give it all out.If there's something you like to do, it's here.
Awful Citizen	Not Recommended	0.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/awfulcitizen/	I havent played this game much, but now even less with their new P2W... i'm better off playing wow.
Big Boi	Not Recommended	4,487.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kahlua91/	Complete lack of communication between playerbase and Devs/PublishersConstant nerfs and buffs in favor of buffing the newest class they add every time, all part of a plan to get players to switch to the new character and have to re purchase all of the weight, inventory, costumes etc.Hackers run freely in the game since launch, lifeskill botters, speedhackers.Save yourself the time and money and find something else to play
Imitras	Recommended	870.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Imitras/	- - -[ Audience: ] - - -☐ Kids☑ Everyone☐ Casual players☑ Pro players- - - [ Graphics/Animation: ] - - -☐ Potato☐ Really bad☐ Bad☐ OK☐ Good ☑ Beautiful☐ Masterpiece- - - [ Price/quality: ] - - -☐ Free☐ Full price☑ Wait for sale☑ Average☐ Refund it if you can☐ Don't do it- - - [ Requirments: ] - - -☐ 90' PC☐ Minimum☑ Medium ☑ Fast☑ High end ☐ NASA computer- - - [ Difficulty: ] - - -☐ You just need 2 arms ☐ Ez☑ Easy to learn / Hard to master ☑ Hard☐ Dark Souls- - - [ Game time/length ] - - -☐ Really short ( 0 - 2 hours)☐ Short ( 2 - 8 hours)☐ Few hours ( 8 - 12 hours)☐ Long ( 12+ hours)☑ Endless- - - [ Story] - - -☐ It doesn't have☐ Still better than Twilight?☑ Average☐ Good☐ Fantastic- - - [ Bugs ] - - -☐ Game itself is one big BUG☐ Bugs destroying the game☐ Lot of bugs☑ Few Bugs☐ You can use them for speedrun☐ Nothing (I've seen)- - - [ Others: ] - - -Do i need to spend a lot of time to get somewhere in this game? : YesCan money help me? : A bit but please dont pay extra money for itHow often does it need to Patch?: Every week!Does new stuff come with a Patch? : sometimes but most of it are balance changes!
OkamiAmaterasu	Not Recommended	359.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198164802857/	This game is legit garbage. Everything you do is based on rng, especially the gear. Literally spent 1billion silvers trying to get an awakening weapon from duo to tri, and guess what, no success. Only play the game if YOU like getting frustrated, would not recomend. This is a total p2w, rng game. The worse of its kind.
XeroSniper	Not Recommended	2,764.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197965743632/	This game was once a fun MMORPG that promised not to go P2W with the newest edition of Monthly Value packs, Portable Tents, extra options such as storage access or life skill perks from premium Costumes made this game less appealing, when I found myself having to buy more and more premium items to maintain a steady character. Overall because of where they are heading I highly disapprove this game
Kuroshi_Tsui	Recommended	873.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Kuroshi/	After almost playing this game for 2 weeks I can finally put in my review for this game. I've been looking for a MMORPG to play for a while now and I haven't found the one to play.Pros- Amazing graphics- Great combat system- Not p2w- No bots- All classes have their own unique fight style- In depth trade / farming system- Players get rewarded for their time- Doesn’t matter how much real money you spend in the game, you can’t buy contribution points to help you maintain cash flow in the game.- Every class has their own unique play style it’s not too hard to master them.Cons- Heavy grinding- Community is toxic and weird but if you’re a lone wolf or can find the right group, you’ll stay- Inventory slots / weight though it can be expanded and trained on- Achievement is still bugged- There aren’t much guilds that will help due to their high requirements- Gear is pricey but with time you can get the greatest gear- The enchanting system is REALLY difficult due to how hard it is to get them to higher levels it’ll cost a lot of money- There isn’t a level cap but it is hard to grind starting at 50+ - PvP is something you’ll run by a lot when you reach level 50, if you do not have the gear, be prepared to be camped on by higher geared people- Game requires high end PC parts to enjoy the full game quality Overall after play this game, I can say that this game is REALLY fun and there are some pros and cons to it. This MMO is not for everyone, it's very different from any MMOs like WoW, GW2, and TESO. This game has a good combat system like Vindictus, though vindictus is a dungeon style game, it's great to see a MMO have the same combat style. I can also say this game reminds me a bit of Silkroad Online with the trading and it's really fun. The system in game is a bit complex, crafting, gathering and enchanting but a couple of guides online and guilds can really help you. Their guild system is also a bit different, you get paid to be in a guild and a lot of the guilds have really high requirements. A lot of people say this game is paid to win but it's not, they really thought out the system so it's great. There are cosmetics in the game but they can also be bought with in-game money. Also, there are no gold bots in this game which really makes it fun and equal for everyone. I will say now that the game will require A LOT of time to get really good gear, but if you're really dedicated you can enjoy the game just like I do. I can say the market system is great but really difficult for some people to snipe some items, but it makes it fair for everyone and also eliminates gold bots. 
CH33KC14PP3R69	Recommended	101.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Artemis338/	Black Desert Online☐ Kids☐ Everyone☒ Casual players☐ Pro players===[ ☼ Graphics: ]=== ☐ Potato☐ Really bad☐ Bad☐ OK☐ Good ☐ Beautiful ☒ Masterpiece===[ $ Price/quality: ]=== ☐ Full price☒ Wait for sale☐ Average☐ Refund it if you can☐ Don't do it===[ ☣ Requirments: ]=== ☐ 90' PC☐ Minimum☐ Medium ☐ Fast☒ High end ☐ NASA computer===[ ☼ Difficulty: ]=== ☐ You just need 2 arms ☐ Ez☒ Easy to learn / Hard to master ☐ Hard (first few hours)☐ Dark Souls===[ ۞ Game time/length ]=== ☐ Really short ( 0 - 2 hours)☐ Short ( 2 - 8 hours)☐ Few hours ( 8 - 12 hours)☐ Long ( 12+ hours)☒ Endless===[ ♬ Story] === ☐ It doesn't have☒ Still better than Twilight☐ Average☐ Good☐ Fantastic===[ § Bugs ]=== ☐ Game itself is one big BUG☐ Bugs destroying the game☐ Lot of bugs☒ Few Bugs☐ You can use them for speed run☐ Nothing===[ ✦ Others: ]=== Multiplayer: YesSingleplayer: Yes===[ Notes: ]=== Black Desert Online has to be the most graphically impressive MMO on the market at the moment. With faced past combo combat and many abilities to chain together the combat will never be boring, starting off in this game can be rather overwhelming but you get used to it as you grind through the levels, now this is where the game starts to decline as the grinding in this game is INSANE going from rank 1-55 isn’t to bad but from 55 upwards it can take days weeks even months to max rank and from the looks of it that won’t be changing.
Kvion	Recommended	5,592.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/adrianpinion/	Made me quit league of legends 10/10
Professor_Goat	Not Recommended	0.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/professorgoat/	Didnt realize this until I downloaded the game but BDO installs XingCode Anti Cheat Rootkit onto your computer when you install the game. The kernel-rootkit acts as a malicious program, snooping through storage devices completely free and recording everything you've done over the last 48 hours. Logins, passwords, chats etc are compromised. If you handle private or serious information over your computer, they have it. Program cant be deleted or uninstalled and a command propt has to be run for its removal. If you have unfortunately downloaded and run this game, visit this forum for the removal of xing code : http://steamcommunity.com/app/582660/discussions/0/1290691308571849109/*******as for the Dev responce : It doesn't  matter what the 3rd part anti-cheat says "it does." Its what it CAN DO. There's no limit to its access and there's no way to sue this company, being the region its based in, if they violate your pathetic agreement.
Elfezen	Recommended	650.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Elfezen/	Black Desert Online is another one of the mainstream MMORPGs. It has really good and detailed character customization as most eastern mmorpgs, very well-designed and interesting story and classes and also dynamic action combat similar to Tera and Blade & Soul.
Kitsune	Not Recommended	88.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198024405132/	After close to 50 hours on this game, I took a bit of a break from it after the initial "wow" factor ran off, and as I type this, my character is afk walking at 5 move speed with a travel pack to hopefully get that 2 extra LT, which isn't even enough for a full potion. With the brand new outlook on this game gone, and the initial splendor gone, I hate to say that this game is very, very pay to play. Can you get by without paying for pearls? Yes, yes you can. Are you going to enjoy it even a little bit? No, no you won't.At first, it won't seem like much of an issue, but the instant you start taking on any enemies that are a higher level than you and carry potions with you, you'll quickly realize that the 2.50LT items really stack up in weight, and if you haven't bought the minimum of 50 extra LT, you WILL find yourself quickly weighed down with a full inventory. For a moment I was actually tempted to pay more money and get an extra 100LT so that I'd not have to worry about my inventory, but I actually detest the idea of giving these people any more money. Grinding in the game for hours (grinding in the worst way possible where you actually don't play at all and are, by design, setup to AFK walk back and forth to places without any engagement) will give you a total of 2LT. Several hours of walking at the slowest speed possible without any actual gameplay for 2LT, when again, even a single large potion is 2.50LT. Does this somehow not seem fun? Pay money, and instantly get 50, 100, 150, or 200 extra LT. Weapon and armor wise, you can get all that good stuff in game, and I did admittedly buy armor because I thought I'd end up playing this quite a lot. Using the extra pearls I put in for buying this armor (which was depressingly expensive looking back), I got the 50LT, which, even now, is barely enough to hold potions and a few optional question items. Considering that Silver does add weight (which at first seems really neat), this game does fully intend to make you pay money to enjoy this game like any other kind of functional RPG. There are side missions that give strength xp (which will slowly get you up to that juicy 2LT), but considering you could just avoid the pain and pay money, they clearly know what they're doing. I was on the fence for a long time if this was enough to warrant a negative review, but having actually hit a point in the game where it takes 45 minutes to run from one mission to another, having to now worry about inventory space is becoming more of a pressing issue. This is one of those games that, with the size of it, warrants some way to earn Pearls in game, and if you look it up, you will find rational forum post after rational forum post dating from a month ago to as old as when the game was almost first released. Some of them just come across as crying, but others point out points that are hard to not agree with, especially considering how pressing the matter of simple inventory space is. 292k silver weights 58.5LT, and at level 51, any items that would ever be worth buying cost around this, so it's not really ideal to just carry none at all if you come across a really savory item. I really enjoy the gameplay aspects of this game, it's flashy and engaging, but when you get past that initial beauty, you realize just how pay to play this really is. I've reinstalled this game because I've been looking for a game with a fair, fun grind while waiting for other games to come out in 2019, but I'm questioning if I even want to keep playing this because, if I do, I'll get more and more tempted to buy inventory space simply so I can enjoy the game. It is possible to get enough Loyalties to buy 50LT storage, but that takes 3.5k and after 50 hours and a lot of daily log ins, I only have 1.1k. On that, you have a max of 4 purchases per character, so there is at least that, but it's not much. If you don't mind spending money right out the gate so that you can enjoy the game without having to constantly worry about 1 useful item using up 70% of your inventory, you'll enjoy this game a lot. If you loathe companies that try to force their players to pay by incorporating one of the worst grinding systems you can imagine and no way to slowly earn their pearls, avoid this game. The 10 dollar price tag is tempting, but you WILL end up spending money unless you have nothing else to ever do. I want to like this game. I want to love this game, actually, but the greed of yet another pay-to-play system in a game that isn't free wins out over all.
Hamtong	Recommended	10,544.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/hamtong/	May RNG be with you
ElseStand	Recommended	15.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198076078427/	First off, this rpg makes you work to get what you want. I mean wwwwwwooooorrrrrkkkk!!!! This game is very grindy, nothing comes easy. I have played this game for a few months now and I have made progress, not a lot, but progress. It becomes really fun once you branch out and try out the life skills and what not.Second, you do not have to grind for everything. Pearl Abyss throw in some really good events that literally give you free money. You do not have to even activly play. You can AFK fish and level up your fishing. You can set the graphics to optimization mode and play other games while you get your pretty good daily login rewards. Third, you can just be a life skiller to get your money. Now, you will not be making a lot at all when you first start out. You have fishing,gathering,cooking,processing,sailing,alchemy,hunting,trading,farming,etc. In order to really get some profit out of those life skills you will have to at least level them up to Master and that takes a while. Your best bet to getting money in this game fast is to go to Helm's Post and grind there for forbidden books. Be sure to connect your nodes there and invest energy for better drops there.Another good place to grind is Sausan Garrison. It is a bit farther than Helms but the xp there is really good and the loot is okay. You would more so go to Sausans to level from 56 to 57 because it takes a very long time to level after you hit 56.Anyways look into the game more if you are up for it, explore and have fun.(sorry for any mispelled words or whatever, too tired and lazy to revise cx)
TriggZ	Not Recommended	32.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Triggiani/	p2w
VixiFairy	Recommended	34.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198249552978/	its one of the better MMO's out there if you prefer pve.... if you like pvp and your rich, this is your game, if your poor and prefer pvp..... look elsewhere.
Eliphas, The♂Slave♂Lover	Not Recommended	373.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198259026674/	10/10. A game what changed my life and make my life better.  I once a kid who only knew playing video games and ignoring my school.  Until i met this game.  After i had experienced farming from lv.57 to lv.58.   i gave up.  it took me 20+ hours to do that;   A shout comes out my soul, my mind "why don`t i spend these fxxking 20 hours on study instead of farming?!!???!"  Now i`m in my dream college and made a GF.  Just leave this game, go out and look; this world is so beautiful.  
suuB	Recommended	155.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/1337suuB/	Great MMO, very unique gameplay and overall style. This is one of those games where you find yourself saying: alright one more quest and out of nowhere you played 2 hours more than you wanted. The graphics are also pretty good for a mmo and the world is very detailed and immersive. The performance is also okay (some frame drops when there is much going on but otherwise no crashes or disconnects, atleast for me).Overall i recommend this game to everyone who likes a big immersive world with many quests to do and like to manage things like workers, houses, nodes etc.
TriggZ	Not Recommended	32.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Triggiani/	p2w
ElseStand	Recommended	15.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198076078427/	First off, this rpg makes you work to get what you want. I mean wwwwwwooooorrrrrkkkk!!!! This game is very grindy, nothing comes easy. I have played this game for a few months now and I have made progress, not a lot, but progress. It becomes really fun once you branch out and try out the life skills and what not.Second, you do not have to grind for everything. Pearl Abyss throw in some really good events that literally give you free money. You do not have to even activly play. You can AFK fish and level up your fishing. You can set the graphics to optimization mode and play other games while you get your pretty good daily login rewards. Third, you can just be a life skiller to get your money. Now, you will not be making a lot at all when you first start out. You have fishing,gathering,cooking,processing,sailing,alchemy,hunting,trading,farming,etc. In order to really get some profit out of those life skills you will have to at least level them up to Master and that takes a while. Your best bet to getting money in this game fast is to go to Helm's Post and grind there for forbidden books. Be sure to connect your nodes there and invest energy for better drops there.Another good place to grind is Sausan Garrison. It is a bit farther than Helms but the xp there is really good and the loot is okay. You would more so go to Sausans to level from 56 to 57 because it takes a very long time to level after you hit 56.Anyways look into the game more if you are up for it, explore and have fun.(sorry for any mispelled words or whatever, too tired and lazy to revise cx)
Thinder	Not Recommended	21.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/thinder/	Just can't get started with this game, i would love to but it takes to long to know wth you are doing
Utage	Recommended	49.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/BetterThanYourWaifu/	The only MMO where you can have a trade monopoly featuring enslaved completely willing volunteers consisting of subhuman goblins and giants upstanding citizens of different races who gladly work for free.It's fun. The combat is basically Vindictus and life skills/merchants actually have a big role instead of just being some side profession. Pretty scenery and plenty of life skills to keep you busy. If you like the idea of an MMO where there are other professions aside from just beating stuff up, and if the idea of having a self-sufficient monopoly and loadsamoney is appealing to you, give it a shot.
BliND	Not Recommended	1,772.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/BliNDy0/	Rip bdo 08/29/18♥♥♥♥ dis game
Deathupon	Recommended	286.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198393392594/	At first looks pretty typical, but after you hit lvl 15+ you see the attention to detail and the overwhelming amount of content. Super fun and addicting and cheap.
Captain Chunk!	Recommended	61.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/HeyDudesAreYouReadyTo/	Name already in use.Name already in use.Name already in use.Name already in use.Name already in use.Name already in use.Name already in use.Name already in use.
Beer	Not Recommended	4.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/BeerIsOverHere/	Pay to Win, enough said.
Scuba	Not Recommended	32.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198073371876/	The combat is amazing and the gaphics are even better but this game is a grinding p2w cluster♥♥♥♥
Nightcall	Not Recommended	12.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/indecisive-black-matter/	I remember a time when I was super stoked to have BDO in my library. It's a gorgeous MMORPG with a vast open world and I was particularly fond about these games. My girlfriend and I were aiming to play this together and all was good. Then, the remastered update comes through and destroyed a lot of potential this game had. It is incredibly disheartening to see hardened veterans in this game with thousands and thousands of hours played to be surpassed in a couple hundred hours by someone who has much more accessibility to a credit card. Making these games pay-to-win is the way to kill off this game and it's real unfortunate. It was fun while it lasted.
Zil	Not Recommended	831.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/darkone9165/	When I first started playing this game I loved it. However, after 700+ hours you start to notice the glaring issues with this game.Pros:CombatGraphicsBest Character Creation I have ever seen in any other game.Cons:Trading system in the game is complete dog sh*t.Marketplace system is garbage.Your progress in the game is 100% reliant on how much luck you have and how much money you dump into the gameEnhancement is either amazing or sh*t depending on your luck, Failed so many attempts at TET and got sent back to PRI, can't pass DUO attempt because of RNG even after 50+ failstacks, 10/10 Would fail TET again.PVE in the game is boring and unengaging and has no true endgame, just another mindless grind like other Korean MMO's.PVP is so determined by gear that you will either 1-shot someone or get 1-shot, not at all based on skill.Game is full of Guild drama, have fun trying to play with friends and trying to enjoy yourselves.The grind, I like grinding in games, but be prepared for 18+ hours a day 7 days of the week for months to get yourself even decently geared.Lifeskilling in the game is just as uninteresting as everything else in it and many other games do it better.90% of the people in the game are toxic and like to stroke their E-Peen just because they wasted more of their life than you did and got gear carried.The Renown system rewards players that already have amazing gear and punishes new players or returning players that don't, making the already geared players that have 550+ gear score impossble to even touch unless you have the same or even higher gearscore.With the recent changes, you can now extract chron stones and valks cry from outfits, making it even easier for people to throw money at their problems.People will randomly kill you for your grinding spot.Sailing in this game takes forever.Want to get an upgrade in gear? Afk grind for a couple months for one piece, or grind actively for 100+ hours for a miniscule upgrade, or dump your wallet onto your keyboard. Take your pick.Game is 100% pay to win.Goodluck trying to play this game casually.  All in all my experience with BDO was frustrating, mind numbing, and unsatisfying.I would not recommend this game to anyone seeking more than the first 50 hours of fun you might have.
bizit	Not Recommended	872.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198032433317/	Stay away at all cost. 100% P2W trap.
Mostly Mustang	Not Recommended	214.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198065340097/	Its a fun grind up until 56 when you get the awakening, but after that, you will soon realize that theres almost no end game content other than increasing your gear throught the pure rng upgrade system.  the combats great, but until theres something to do other than just fight mobs forever, then i wouldnt recommend
Some_bodie	Not Recommended	214.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/itougefc3s/	Buying Black Desert online is like taking home the hot chick at a dimly lit club, only to find out She’s not good in bed…...This game will be the greatest first 50 hours of gameplay you will EVER experience. The graphics the game game play are all top notch. The combat is glorious, the graphics are glorious, and  world is massive and loading zones don't exist. this seems like ti would make up the perfect game right? well it would if it was a single player game but this is an MMORPG and yes it has the elements of the MMO and a few parts of a RPG. Black desert online most of the time like it does not have a purpose. Grinding and leveling seems like a never ending teadius task. If your looking to PVP start now and maybe in a year or two Victory can be yours but with the RNG heavy Upgrade system for weapons and gear. a lot of time will be spent failing to upgrade an item (AKA FAILSTACKING). This game lacks in raids and dungeons so if that's what you into look elsewhere. Dungeons are a part of the MMORPG genre i didn't know i missed until I played Black Desert online. Instead of dungeons the game does give you a ton of life skills and other seemingly meaningless distractions to take part in. so if you like farming, cooking, potion making, Supervising virtual worker simulators this game is for you. Unfortunately I don't fall into that category. Also I like my games to have meaning and feel like I am moving toward my goal the gap between somewhat new players and veteran players appears to be a gap as big the endless sands of the desert.  I have a hard time recommended this game for the long term.
BobTheCowboy	Not Recommended	2,271.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197993139056/	I liked it for a long time, played casually, left PC on, electricity bills went up.  now I reached a place where I've FINALLY (after farming an INSANE amount of memory fragments gotten all of my boss gear to PRI and DUO.  They wont move past that, I'm just wasting time and resources and ending up in exactly the same place, over, and over, and over again.  once upon a time I even bought 100 artisans memories to make more bang for my meme frags..  Pay to Lose.  I got absolutley NO GAIN from $40 (or 400 memory fragments, which equates to 300m silver in ONLY mem frags) None, 0, the only gain I got is that had a bunch of failstacks so that I could fail some more later.Yeah, I'm a bit angry.  Yeah, the game is fun casually, and yes, its beautiful.  But seriously, this game is cancer.  play it, by all means, dont give in... dont spend money... and be content with not having boss gear and I'm sure you will enjoy it plenty.
Atomsk	Not Recommended	7.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/feikorlock/	Scam! After Devs said it wouldn't go P2W, guess what it did, WENT P2W!
Skriveni	Not Recommended	2,408.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/wr0ngtype/	Spent 2,3K hours on it and uninstalled it yesterday. Just cash grab game, game is well developed in terms of content and everything but that P2W they added is crap, at the start you need to invest 100$ to even play it. You need at least x5 T1 Pets and Weight to play it, even then you still don't get good silver per h compared to guys with T3/T4 Pets, Maids, Tent. Then when you even get silver you still depend on RNG that puts you 3 steps back. To be even viable in this game you have to play it 16-17 hours a day and invest at least 300-400$ to get maids, tent etc. Terrible optimization, exploiters, speedhackers, market bots, fishing bots. Content delaying was the straw that broke the camel's back. Even KR region is quitting BDO because of P2W. This game just isn't worth of anyones time and money.
A Female Virgin	Not Recommended	14.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198188397106/	The game has become  FULLY P2W about 2 weeks ago do not BUY it. It has inceredible graphics, a good combat system and good lore but it's just straight up P2W. Do not buy it.
ElseStand	Recommended	15.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198076078427/	First off, this rpg makes you work to get what you want. I mean wwwwwwooooorrrrrkkkk!!!! This game is very grindy, nothing comes easy. I have played this game for a few months now and I have made progress, not a lot, but progress. It becomes really fun once you branch out and try out the life skills and what not.Second, you do not have to grind for everything. Pearl Abyss throw in some really good events that literally give you free money. You do not have to even activly play. You can AFK fish and level up your fishing. You can set the graphics to optimization mode and play other games while you get your pretty good daily login rewards. Third, you can just be a life skiller to get your money. Now, you will not be making a lot at all when you first start out. You have fishing,gathering,cooking,processing,sailing,alchemy,hunting,trading,farming,etc. In order to really get some profit out of those life skills you will have to at least level them up to Master and that takes a while. Your best bet to getting money in this game fast is to go to Helm's Post and grind there for forbidden books. Be sure to connect your nodes there and invest energy for better drops there.Another good place to grind is Sausan Garrison. It is a bit farther than Helms but the xp there is really good and the loot is okay. You would more so go to Sausans to level from 56 to 57 because it takes a very long time to level after you hit 56.Anyways look into the game more if you are up for it, explore and have fun.(sorry for any mispelled words or whatever, too tired and lazy to revise cx)
Captain Chunk!	Recommended	61.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/HeyDudesAreYouReadyTo/	Name already in use.Name already in use.Name already in use.Name already in use.Name already in use.Name already in use.Name already in use.Name already in use.
Mochi Rabbit	Not Recommended	2,258.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/MochiRabbit/	Tbh this game is pretty fun not gonna lie. However, you have to spend 40-50 bucks on this game otherwise its simply not playable. There is also nothing to do with other players aside from the very kind daily interactons such as "dont take my grinding spot ♥♥♥♥♥♥, I pk you". Sometimes they drop the N and the R word on you as well. It also absolutely HATES new players, seriously this game despises new players so dont be surprised when you start it and get♥♥♥♥♥♥on all over by not just the players but the game itself as well.The game has no anti cheat other than some whacky program from 2005 that closes your game whenever it doesnt like an application such as an anti virus or an auto clicker or most things that have nothing to do with hacking. Speedhackers at high level areas are pretty common and you cant even report them because there is no in game report feature, moreover they just buy the cash shop item that HIDES their name from other players.
Sabel Frost	Not Recommended	6,350.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198046545399/	I highly advise passing over this game due to the current state and the mechanics of the game towards new players / people that spend minimal money on mmos. (Under 500$.)I think it'd be best to explain the general mechanics before going into what the devs did in the past 2 months.The game is split roughly into two sections, Lifeskilling and grinding. Lifeskilling is a series of activities that make you a considerable amount of money. These are anywhere from farming to fishing, think along the lines of farmville. It helps run a player made economy, very little of what you use you can get from a shop or reward from a questline.The problem with Lifeskilling is you need to spend money to be at even reasonable efficiency, and because Lifeskills rank up with use you will be far behind long term players.Grinding is like every other mmo, hunt down monsters, level up, get loots, etc.The one difference is anyone can come in and kill you at any grind spot in the game, at any power level. And because of the player etiquette if you stay you’ll end up on blacklists. (Google karma bombing.) What this means is anyone stronger than you can come in and take whatever area from you at any time.Keep in mind there isn’t enough efficient grind spots too.Now for the problems recently, they broke several classes so they aren’t even able to grind, they aren’t able to PvP, they are not able to do anything except sit in town Lifeskilling. They did a patch every week for 2 months that slowly destroyed the game, even with almost the entire playerbase screaming out for a revert. (And still are.) Out of 9 years of playing mmos I have never seen a series of patches this bad on any game. They absolutely crippled several classes, hurt most others, and didn’t even nerf the ones that needed to be nerfed. And you cannot reroll because it takes so long to hit a decent level (no level cap) and reinvest in cash shop items you have to have. (Minimum of 120$ for just grinding, more for lifeskill stuff too.)Stay away and play something else instead of giving a company like Pearl Abyss money.
Mostly Mustang	Not Recommended	214.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198065340097/	Its a fun grind up until 56 when you get the awakening, but after that, you will soon realize that theres almost no end game content other than increasing your gear throught the pure rng upgrade system.  the combats great, but until theres something to do other than just fight mobs forever, then i wouldnt recommend
Scuba	Not Recommended	32.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198073371876/	The combat is amazing and the gaphics are even better but this game is a grinding p2w cluster♥♥♥♥
Beer	Not Recommended	4.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/BeerIsOverHere/	Pay to Win, enough said.
Atomsk	Not Recommended	7.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/feikorlock/	Scam! After Devs said it wouldn't go P2W, guess what it did, WENT P2W!
Skriveni	Not Recommended	2,408.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/wr0ngtype/	Spent 2,3K hours on it and uninstalled it yesterday. Just cash grab game, game is well developed in terms of content and everything but that P2W they added is crap, at the start you need to invest 100$ to even play it. You need at least x5 T1 Pets and Weight to play it, even then you still don't get good silver per h compared to guys with T3/T4 Pets, Maids, Tent. Then when you even get silver you still depend on RNG that puts you 3 steps back. To be even viable in this game you have to play it 16-17 hours a day and invest at least 300-400$ to get maids, tent etc. Terrible optimization, exploiters, speedhackers, market bots, fishing bots. Content delaying was the straw that broke the camel's back. Even KR region is quitting BDO because of P2W. This game just isn't worth of anyones time and money.
Utage	Recommended	49.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/BetterThanYourWaifu/	The only MMO where you can have a trade monopoly featuring enslaved completely willing volunteers consisting of subhuman goblins and giants upstanding citizens of different races who gladly work for free.It's fun. The combat is basically Vindictus and life skills/merchants actually have a big role instead of just being some side profession. Pretty scenery and plenty of life skills to keep you busy. If you like the idea of an MMO where there are other professions aside from just beating stuff up, and if the idea of having a self-sufficient monopoly and loadsamoney is appealing to you, give it a shot.
Thinder	Not Recommended	21.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/thinder/	Just can't get started with this game, i would love to but it takes to long to know wth you are doing
Piphan	Not Recommended	220.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197980195960/	The game looks great, the combat is fun, and the game does some really interesting stuff with its in-game economy.But I'm done. I put some time in and I'm done. It's a massive grindfest, which would be fine, except that the game robs any satisfaction out of that grind by constantly reminding you that you could be endlessly more efficient if you just paid some money. And we're not talking about dropping a few dollars here and there or maybe $15 a month. You could go into the shop with $50 and maybe walk away with one or two things. You'd barely be scratching the surface of what that store can offer you.Whether or not BDO is "pay to win" is an argument of semantics that I won't get into. The fact is that you could play this game for thousands of hours and still be behind others because you don't pay money constantly. When people say you're simply paying for convenience, they're really underselling the point: NOTHING in this game is convenient and you will pay for that.Get ready to breed horses until your grandchildren die.
Rexjimmy	Not Recommended	15.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198119263770/	IS PAY TO WIN DONT BUY
Sylnce	Not Recommended	1,291.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Sylnce/	Gone fully pay to win game. I'm not talking $20 here. I'm talking thousands of dollars if you want to be competitive end game.  You can't even fully experience the game without dropping at least $100 per character and thats a minimum.
TTwizard	Not Recommended	22.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198006772337/	I really tried to like this game. I Bought Black Desert encouraged long time ago by twitch streamer.  The idea of life based activities was promising. You can do farming, cooking, fishing, blacksmithing, crafting other random items like furniture. You can make trading enterprise, hire workers/slaves to make things automatic except... tasks which require huge amount of grind and its clearly visible in second town you visit. Simple thing to craft from quest require 150 copper ore. 150 copper ore to make a lumberaxe or pickaxe. Basic tool dedicated to... grind.It would be fine if you could grind resources during story quests related to combat but combat is actually terrible like in every mmo. It looks flashy and shiny but there's absolutely no challenge. I leveled character to 25 lvl almost instantly and I oneshotted almost every enemy except three bosses. Not even single enemy make me sweat. I didnt lose 1/3 hp during leveling character to 25 level. I didnt change equipment very often etc.Maybe Black desert is better when a player reach 50-56 level but Im not interested to mindless game without any challenge for like 50 hours or more just for end game purpose.Pros- Good graphics- Lot of tasks to do without combatCons- Meaningless combat- unintuitive UI- Crowded towns looks awful. Horse on horse on horse- misconceived grind mechanics- No purpose for grind. You could make a better weapons or armor but who cares if you oneshot everything you encounter 
Mochi Rabbit	Not Recommended	2,258.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/MochiRabbit/	Tbh this game is pretty fun not gonna lie. However, you have to spend 40-50 bucks on this game otherwise its simply not playable. There is also nothing to do with other players aside from the very kind daily interactons such as "dont take my grinding spot ♥♥♥♥♥♥, I pk you". Sometimes they drop the N and the R word on you as well. It also absolutely HATES new players, seriously this game despises new players so dont be surprised when you start it and get♥♥♥♥♥♥on all over by not just the players but the game itself as well.The game has no anti cheat other than some whacky program from 2005 that closes your game whenever it doesnt like an application such as an anti virus or an auto clicker or most things that have nothing to do with hacking. Speedhackers at high level areas are pretty common and you cant even report them because there is no in game report feature, moreover they just buy the cash shop item that HIDES their name from other players.
Jasdemi	Not Recommended	0.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jasdemi/	It's a casino disguised as a pretty looking game.
KingKyurem	Recommended	41.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/KingKyruem/	2 hours of customization.... WORTH IT!
ProfessorButts	Recommended	161.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198067761903/	Ok... What a difficult game to explain... This game manages to hit a weird niche for me that is both incredibly complex and beautifully simple all at the same time.You will love this game if:- You like games that allow you to focus on the things you like doing. Combat level and gear isn't the only goal.- You like in depth character customisation. The character creator is the best I've seen in an MMO, though it's important to note that classes are gender locked (You can't make a female Berserker for example)- You like games that don't hold your hand and allow you to learn for yourself. Literally I don't even know if the developers know all there is to know about the mechanics of this game and the community is full of detectives trying to work out the background formulas and code.- You like games that don't bombard you with gear and stats. Without going into things like Accuracy or hidden stats, there are 2 things to worry about when it comes to gear AP and DP, Attack Points and Defense Points. This might sound basic, but once you start to understand the system a little more it's kind of mental figuring out what the best gear for you is.- You like making money and playing the market.- You like basic town sim mechanics. The worker and town housing system in the game allows you to build a small empire that can gather and craft for you without you having to think about it. Like so many things in this game, it's crazy deep and if you're into it can really lose yourself in this aspect of the game.- You like meaty, reactive combat with combos the feel and look great.- You love exploration and beautifully detailed worlds that have been lovingly created. This world feels alive.Things that may turn you off:- Pay to Win tendancy. So this is a touchy subject, anything that you can buy with real money can be bought with in game cash, and in some cases the money shop items aren't even as good as the items players can make, but you can buy things like inventory space/weight, pets that auto loot for you and make farming infinitely easier, exp boosts, costumes that give in game bonuses, etc. There are a lot of items that push the line of P2W and you may feel like you hit a pay wall if you're not willing to splash a bit on some of the function perks.- There really isn't a hell of a lot of multiplayer functionality. For the first 50+ levels it felt like I was playing a single player game. I'm playing with friends, but we can't trade with each other and there is no 'dungeon' style content for us to do together. We formed a guild and we can do guild quests together which gives us joint goals in gathering, production or grinding.- Leveling up is grinding. This game is made up of a number of skills, Combat is one of those skills. The typical MMO 'level' is your Combat level in this game and in order to get that level up you have to train that skill, therefor, you'll find yourself killing the same things for hours. I personally find it rewarding trying to find the best spots, and the best spawn locations within those spots and then reaping the rewards, others will find it mind numbing.It has been a very long time since I've had this level of investment in an MMO and due to that I have to recommend it. It has given me a lot of entertainment and has recreated a lot of the moments of awe that made World of Warcraft so special to me when I first started playing MMO's. This is a huge interesting world that I feel emotionaly invested in and genuinely enjoy spending time in and exploring and finding new things every day keeps me wanting to stay logged in 3, 4, 12 hours after I should be going to bed.This game really honestly may not be for you, it's not for a lot of people, but if it is for you and you give it the time to understand what it is and what it's trying to do it's going to be a very fulfilling experience for you. The hardest part is knowing nothing in the beginning, and trying to figure out how to fix that, but it does come... Eventually... I think...
KingKyurem	Recommended	41.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/KingKyruem/	2 hours of customization.... WORTH IT!
Donglord	Not Recommended	47.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/nagooter/	You can't remaster a game that was never mastered to begin with.
🤔	Not Recommended	2,874.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/traps_r_gay/	Id rather buy WinRarPS: P2W btw
᠌ ᠌ ᠌᠌   ᠌  ᠌᠌ ᠌ ᠌᠌ ᠌ ᠌᠌ ᠌ ᠌	Recommended	133.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Removed-Undisclosed/	// French Translatation in the last paragraph //So far , the best MMORPG ! I'll try to do PROS & CONS for you to know if you should buy the game or NOT!First of all i'm playing the game since European release so it means 1YEAR+. // Bought the game on Steam to leave a feedback.I'll be listing the PROS ![+] Free "DLC" Extensions. // Take example of FFXIV game is Subscription to play & DLC eg Heavensward , don't forget BDO is buy once play forever type which means once you paid , besides cash shop dev doesn't earn any money.[+] Open World PvP / PK. [+] Great Features.[+] Great Graphics.[+] No Loading Screens.[+] No noticables intances. [+] NOT pay2win ( Don't argue with me P2W = Pay TO win , do you see boss gear in Cash Shop ? NO. it's not P2W.[+] Dynamic & awesome combat System ![+] Guild , Red Battlefield , Arenas & PvP content are really good , there also Node Wars & Conquests ! You build a fort with your guild places defences barricades , flametowers ,hwachas traps & such it's really enjoyable can be in small / medium / large scale ![+] Alot of classes to play Ranged / Close Combat ![+] DPS / TANKS / SUPPORT classes ( Yes Witch / Wizzard are support yes , protective area is a support spell! )[+] Really nice "jobs" to do Gathering / Cooking / Crafting / Alchemy / Harvesting Breeding & such.[+] Decent economy you can make great money by grinding or just by doing "jobs", because alot of people say it's grind to win , indeed it is but you can do jobs to win aswell.[+] Worlds Bosses there is a total of 8 World Bosses ![+] Roleplay possibilities.[+] Alot of new classes comming.[+] Alive world , NPCS are everywhere and doing stuff! Some mmorpgs like FFXIV doesn't have that much NPC interacting[+] Support is doing his job , just be patient sometimes they have alot of tickets to answer , but usually if your problem is common or "legit" you'll always find a solution!Now the CONS[-] Lacking of PvE content ( We really miss Dungeons / Raids / And stuff. )[-] Balancement of classes depending on the situation and the gear.[-] REALLY long grinding to get good levels ( I'm currently level 60 it's pretty easy when you're used to. )[-] Expensive Cash Shop , but most of it are convenience[-] At that state of the game it's really hard to get into PvP if you're a begginer i mean doing Node War or a Territory might not be that easy.[-] Game is time consuming yeah this game take alot of your time , but if you enjoy it it's fine.[-] Community is like every orthers MMORPG'S there nice people and bad people. ( I'm nice ;) )[-] Really hard to take in hands require alot of time and patience once you're on it you'll enjoy alot of it![-] Karma System need a Revamp , if you kill like 4 People in a row you can go negative Karma which cause if you die off monster ExP loss,Gear downgrade.[-] For certains situations "AFK" crafting you have to let your computer on , same for your workers they will stop working.[-] RNG , it's a major problem on that game but once you get used to it , it's fine & fair ( not for all but for me it is ) Not gonna go into details just a Google Research.[-] Griefing can be really annoying.[-] Optimization could be alot better , we have alot of FPS drops when it come to Large Scale PvP with 100+ players ( even less ) and World Bosses in general.[-] Lack of interaction from GM -> Players / Event / Discussions etc.. (Though there nice GM Vheena if you see this i love you ? )[-] Pop-in might be a huge problem for you , for some it doesn't matter but in that game there are alot.There alot things i could add i'll just edit my posts if i need to.Overall i highly recommand that game !( I'm French sorry for my grammar problems. )French >Jusqu'à présent, le meilleur MMORPG! Je vais essayer de faire PROS & CONS pour que vous sachiez si vous devriez acheter le jeu ou PAS!Tout d'abord, je joue au jeu depuis la sortie européenne, donc ça signifie 1 AAE +. //  j'ai acheté le jeu sur Steam pour laisser un commentaire.Je vais citer les PROS![+] Extensions "DLC" gratuites.[+] Open World PvP / PK.[+] De grandes fonctionnalités.[+] Beaux graphismes.[+] Aucun écran de chargement.[+] Aucune instances noticables.[+] PAS pay2win (Ne discutez pas avec moi P2W = Payer pour gagner un avantage conséquent, voyez-vous le stuff boss dans Cash Shop? NON. Ce n'est pas P2W.[+] Système de combat dynamique & fluide ![+] Le contenu de Guilde, Red Battlefield, Arenes & PvP est vraiment bon![+] Beaucoup de classes à jouer à distance / combat rapproché![+] Classes DPS / TANK / SOUTIEN (Oui, Witch / Wizzard sont le support oui, la zone de protection est un sortilège de soutien!)[+] Très bons "Métiers" à faire Recolte/ Cuisiner / Artisanat / Elevage et autres.[+] Economie décente, vous pouvez gagner de l'argent en travaillant ou simplement en faisant du farm de mobs[+] Worlds Bosses il y a un total de 8 boss mondiaux![+] Possibilités de jeu de rôle ( RP ).[+] Beaucoup de nouvelles classes arrivent.[+] Le support fait son travail, soyez patient, parfois, ils ont beaucoup de tickets pour répondre, mais généralement si votre problème est commun ou "légitime", vous trouverez toujours une solution!Maintenant, le CONS[-] Absence de contenu PvE (Nous manquons vraiment Donjons / Raids / Et stuff.)[-] L'équilibrage des classes en fonction de la situation et de l'engin.[-] Vraiment long de farmer pour atteindre le niveau 59-60 (je suis actuellement niveau 60, c'est assez simple lorsque vous avez l'habitude).[-] Cash Shop cher, mais la plupart sont la commodité[-] À cet état du jeu, il est vraiment difficile d'entrer dans PvP si vous êtes un débutant, je veux dire que la guerre des nœuds ou un territoire peut-être pas si facile.[-] Le jeu prend du temps, oui, ce jeu prend beaucoup de votre temps, mais si vous l'aimez, c'est bien.[-] La communauté est comme tous les autres MMORPG, il y a de bonnes personnes et de mauvaises personnes. (Je suis gentil;))[-] Vraiment difficile à prendre dans les mains nécessite beaucoup de temps et de patience une fois que vous en êtes, vous l'apprécierez beaucoup![-] Systeme de Karma il a besoin d'un Revamp, si vous tuez comme 4 personnes d'affilé vous pouvez aller en Karma négatif ce qui provoque si vous mourrez a cause d'un Monstre vous perdez de l'ExP et risquez un downgrade de l'équipement.[-] Pour certaines situations, "AFK" vous devez laisser votre ordinateur allumé , même pour vos travailleurs/Ouvriers, ils cesseront de travailler.[-] RNG, c'est un problème majeur sur ce jeu, mais une fois que vous vous habituez, c'est bien et juste (pas pour tous, mais pour moi, c'est) Ne va pas entrer dans les détails juste une recherche Google.[-] Griefing peut être vraiment ennuyeux.[-] L'optimisation pourrait être beaucoup meilleure, nous avons beaucoup de pertes de FPS quand il s'agit de PvP à grande échelle avec plus de 100 joueurs (encore moins) et World Bosses en général.[-] Absence d'interaction de GM -> Joueurs / Événement / Discussions, etc. (Bien qu'il y ait bon GM Vheena si tu vois ça, je t'aime ?)Il y a beaucoup de choses que je pourrais ajouter. Je vais simplement modifier mon avis si je le dois.Dans l'ensemble, je recommande fortement ce jeu!(Je suis désolé pour les problèmes de grammaire.)
Rockapotamus	Recommended	40.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/endoo/	To begin, I'm a raging little ♥♥♥♥♥ when it comes to MMO's.  I absolutely abhor them.  The hotkey rotation is ♥♥♥♥ing boring, it's a trash system for any video game and I am an avid opponent.  Another issue I take with nearly every MMO is the "Grab this, kill that" ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.Black Desert Online is the ARMA Life mod with witches, wizards, and a fantasy setting and let me tell you... I am absolutely hooked.  If you are specifically looking for a World of Warcraft-esque MMO to invest your time into, then please look elsewhere as this game is not for you.  However, if you want to establish a trade empire, hording riches from legal (or illegal) trade across the land, or run your own alchemy shop, clothier, blacksmith, etc. then you are already putting this into your cart.  This isn't an MMO about end game raids, and min maxing your gear in a tedious manner - it's a game of exploration and SIMs-like game play where your only goal is to create your own goal. TLDR: In-game purchases available are functional such as EXP boosts, pets which automatically loot for you, detect monsters etc. and cosmetic items, such as outfits.  If you want to play a true sandbox MMO in which you may do as you please, whether that be stay at level 1 while farming a plot of land in the starting area or swinging your sword all day and night, this is the MMO to suit your needs.  Something to note as well - Black Desert Online has the potential to be an enormous grind and it is possible some of you will not enjoy the end game content.  The world is the end-game content.
大悟	Recommended	472.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/daigokazuya/	You either grind to the grave or AFK your PC to the grave.Which will you choose? 
Exodus	Recommended	371.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/xxexoduss/	This is the MMO I've been waiting for. I would say this is the MMO I will be playing for years as so much can change and I've been burned so many times in the past. But so far Black Desert is phenomenal. Pros: Combat is just so much fun. You truly feel like a bada** and the animations and effects are so cool. It will be very hard to play a tab targeting game again Graphically there isn't another MMO that I've ever played that could touch Black Desert. It's simply gorgeous. Crafting is enjoyable. Hiring workers to do my dirty work is so nice. I'm an altoholic and being able to command my workers on other characters is great. Fishing, yes fishing. I'm addicted to it. Addicted to filling my inventory and filling my cart up with fish and making the trek to the trade manager to sell my bounty. Player housing is a mini game in and of itself. Exploration in Black Desert is quite enjoyable. From just running around exploring to crafting a boat and sailing around the world, there is much to see. Sandbox aspects. I like the fact that you can do whatever the heck you want to do or totally avoid what you don't want to do. Cons: All the current alienware and trap memes. Jesus people, please stop this cancer.No dungeons or raids. This might be a temporary issue as from what I understand the Korean version (which is ahead of the NA/EU) is starting to implement dungeons. If dungeon/raid progression is important to you this is not the game for you at this point in time. PVP focus. Those looking for a primarily PVE focused game will probably want to look elsewhere or at least wait and see if more dungeons are implemented. No player trading. I believe this was put in place to avoid gold sellers. As I said earlier I like this game. A lot. I see so much potential here that I am really excited to see what's on the horizon. Unless there are factors to this game that you simply cannot get past (PVP focus, gender locks, no tab targeting) I don't see how you will get at least a couple months of enjoyment out of Black Desert. Not bad for $9 in my opinion.
Mr.Cypher!	Recommended	15.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/cypher504/	Not a bad MMO for the price ! BDO isnt a bad game , it has some issues but is a real nice MMO to get into.The battle System is nice and easy to use . The character creator is one of the best ive seen for a MMO , you could spend hrs just making a char lol Ill add more to this review once i get into it more . I played it a bit when it was in beta and seen it was on Steam so i picked it up . Also a good game if you want to avoid a sub ;) So check it out !
losangelesi	Recommended	56.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/losangelesi/	This is one of the best MMORPG's of all time in my opinion. I've played thousands of hours of mmorpgs, and this one really clicks with me on every level.Character creation screen is quite amazing and very in depth.Story is a bit confusing at first but slowly starts to make more sense as you go. Combat is amazing, feels smooth, animation timing and flow are on point, very fresh for an MMORPGStarts out feeling easy, gets harder as you get higher levelWorld is massive and full, feels like an online version of witcher 3Almost runescape like with the number of ways to make money and life skill, not all combat.Cons:Damn pop up bar across the top for the market that can't be disabled as far as I've found. Relatively small nuisenceIn short:8/10 in comparison to standard rpgs such as witcher10/10 for mmorpg, very fresh and new feeling! definitely worth picking up if you want a solid rpg!
Eric Esoteric	Recommended	836.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ericesoteric/	Several things about this game are annoying... The inability to bring previous accounts over to the Steam version, LOTS of important things are RNG based, buying popular items from the marketplace is a ton of hassle, unclear explanations requiring you to Google things often, open world PVP with zero benefit to anybody involved (quit being a jerk and let me chop this tree!), etc., etc....But the combat is so damn good! So good that I bought the Steam version, even though it required ditching all of my previous characters and progress. If you want to play an MMORPG and feel like a total badass, Black Desert is for you!
DarkSol	Recommended	1,102.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/DarkSul/	as a returning player, i recommend this game for all its amazing featuresyou can literally do anything!it has P2W factors, but its mostly convenience and you can easily ignore them if u play for your own enjoymentPS. there are limits to the P2W factor, u can only gain 100 mil per week which can be easily obtained in 10-12 hours of grinding ( and to get to endgame using p2w methods, u probably need to spend 20,000$ +)
TricksR4Kids2	Recommended	155.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198423375915/	For a game that is only 10 bucks I think it's a great chill game but I don't play hardcore and not much of a pvp buff. At least worth a try in my opinion.
Basitaria	Not Recommended	1,670.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197982654164/	this game is 95% pay to win. and the pwople that do pay to win will always own you once you do the level 49 quest and become flagged PVP which means in almost every area where theres combat theres bad players waiting to kill you
Adderzツ	Recommended	30.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198031320229/	Bought this while its on sale, best MMO experience i have had in a long time, highly recommeded!1: Incredible action combat and skill points system with a focus on keystroke + mouse combos2: Next generation graphics and atmospheric open world3: Sandbox, player housing, pets, trading, farming, fishing etc4:Steep but worthwhile learning curve with unique ingame features (amity, contribution points mechanic etc) 5: Not P2W ( cash shop costumes and pets )6: Buy to play ( with no subscription fees!)You can also easily obtain a free trial for the game with a quick Google search :)( Make sure you PC at least meets the minimum system requirements for the optimal experience c; )
Tsalis	Not Recommended	17.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/tsalis/	Greedy devs want to pay their debts...Stay away folks
SupraCode	Not Recommended	1,696.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198111075918/	With my 1696 hr on this game and over 1050$ USD spent i have to say that game got its Pros and Cons PROS ~+ Probably one of the best mmorpg out there + Great graphic and animation+ good control and the combo are not too hard to acheive+ Probably the best character customizations out there+ Lifeskilling , Managing your worker and alot to do while your not grinding or afkCONS ~- Horrible class balance ( choose one of the good current class or you got no chance )- The enchanting ( Failstack ) is simply horrible , its a money grab for you to buy the artisan’s memory- You have to buy outfit to look <normal> normal armor appearance look simply horrible- you NEED pet to grind efficiently- you NEED more weight and more inventory , lucky you its available to buy in the shop ;)- you need to spend 20$ min to buy a subscription that cost 15 ?! ( nothing seriously cost 5$ in that shop tho ) - Finally got banned after spending 1050$ USD for using macro ( yeah .. autoclicking refresh on the shop instead of killing my mouse while watching tv series is not allowed )
witche	Recommended	5,655.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/animecosplay/	In short; game is good, perfect no. details: Have played this game enough and feel I can make  a review. In short: Pros -Character customization in character creation, best i ve seen so far. -Interesting classes. -Great combat, one of the best in mmos. -Great looking world, even with average pc, that feels "real". -Tons of things to do besides combat ie crafting, fishing, horse breeding, sailing, farming, exploring etc -Fun group PvP in Node/Castle Wars. -Animations in/out of combat look realistic.Cons-Community on average is bad, there are of course good people, have to try harder than other mmos to find them. -RNG  items have a random factor on how they improve. See below -Grind, lots and lots of it at higher levels and in order to get better items, As i said in pros combat is great and enjoyable but even that has its limits. All mmos have grind of course, this one has some extra. -In game learning curve. Game has a ton of concepts and does a bad job explaining them or smoothly implementing them. Google will be your best friend. Felt completely overwhelmed in the beginning, still do many times. -While you can customize your character enormously, you dont have many choices in outfits, most are in.As I said in the beginning, game is mostly good and improving. Lots and lots of expansions so far at no extra cost. Highly recommended to try it, but be warned that it is not for everyone's taste. Some will really love it tho. 
Eigod	Not Recommended	13.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/1551175/	pay to win! BDO is dead.
roechacca	Not Recommended	1,418.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ROECHACCA/	Game would be amazing if the servers worked for everyone. Its RNG who gets to stay connected and who doesnt. One week is ok the next is crap. The market system in game is terrible. Pop up graphics are bad here. Combat is great, life skills are great but leveling is anti-social and PvP is discouraged because gear is near impossible for new players to catch up to old. Cant recommend this game based on the many troubles it has. See by my hours I played a lot before posting this review. Game needs massive work to even be considered new player friendly. Play at your own risk.
Synaptic	Not Recommended	2,358.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SKAR_demon/	Save yourself time, money and self esteem. You can find anal beads at your nearest sex shop instead of buying this game. If you are suicidal and have thousands of dollars to spend but you're too ♥♥♥♥♥ to kill yourself buy this game and it'll do it for you.Serious review timePro's Looks niceFun for the first 30-100 hoursTime sinkBest character creator i've seen yet (honestly the only part of game im really happy with as an artist)ConsDevs dont care about you or what you say. They refuse to port eastern updates to NA, they refuse to optimize the game and they refuse to fix the cancer aspects that are widely known to be hated as it earns them money by tricking people. They will tell you that they take things into consideration but nothing ever changes, I've never heard one person say they like the enhancing system, everyone knows it is cancer and the devs still dont care. Everything is a gimmick to get you to spend more time and buy more pearls.Life skills, buy pearls spend time afk.Skilless PVENo endgame content, no raids, not a single NPC or mob that takes skill to kill.Only thing worked on is the world map, pearl items ($$$ items) and making broken classes more broken. Play a tank class or wiz/witch and you are OP as ♥♥♥♥.Grinding only worth it 2 days a week.RNG rewards for logging in and wasting time doing single daily quest. (majority of players think its trash system unless they got the 0.0001% chance and got a decent item from the box) No endgame whatsoeverNo skills or hand eye co-ordination required if you have gearGetting decent/good gear is pure rng, you can spend 1000 hours grinding only to destroy your current gear instead of upgrading.No work put into the game regarding mechanics for progessing/earning silver (ingame currency) everything is rng. Progression rng, login rewards rng, combat rng, gear rng, server response rng, fishing rng, workers rng, worker skills rng, mounts you breed yourself take weeks/months to breed and the results are rng, $$$ options for increasing some rng aspects by very very small values.Abusing psycology in marketing techniques and majority of $$$ items are to save people time, but time spent doesnt matter because its rng progression so spending money doesnt help you actually get anything in the end.One person could spend 400 hours and spend 0$ get "rng carried" and surpass players who have played 10000 hours and spent $5000.No way to progress that isnt rng as you are forced to fight the rng to progress gear wise, and gear is everything in this game, nothing to do with skill.Devs respond to all the negative reviews on steam and forums saying they will take what is said into consideration but nothing ever changes other than updates to make the game more difficult or incovienent and time consuming to the player. Then shortly after there are usually patches where $$$ items are released to make the changes less incovienent to the player. Majority of playerbase hates the game and is open about the only reason they still play being that they sunk too much time or money into it before they realized how terrible the game and mechanics really are.Literally the most appealing game I ever played for the first hundred or so hours, after spending a lot more than a hundred hours I can easily say I would have suffered less by jumping off of a cliff, or getting road rash and skin graphs all over my body and spending 6 months in the hospital instead of playing this game.
Server	Not Recommended	224.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197996436624/	This game is really good in many ways. But it's broken in more ways, which is why I won't be playing it.The entire inventory and weight system is broken in such a way that makes you wonder if their developers are mentally deficient. If you are overburdened, and you want to turn in the items that are causing you to be overburdened for some other items like money or such, you can't. That is, you're at 110% of you max weight. Turning in those items will, say, take you to 90%, and for that you'll maybe receive an item or items that take you to 95% -- meaning you're not overburdened. But you can't do that. You need to juggle your items, like the armor you have equipped or potions(which weigh an absurd amount btw), until you can somehow finally reach a weight that is just below your maximum weight, while still keeping the 1000 pieces of trash loot that you need to turn in for the reward. This applies to basically everything. You can't receive quest rewards, you can't do anything if you have too much weight. Why is this? I don't know. Either it's because the developers are just incompetent or because they just want you to buy♥♥♥♥♥♥in the cash store. Every time you go over your weight limit, you get an icon pop up that will take you directly there. It's not like it's cheap either. I could travel to another country and stay there for less than what I would consider a reasonable amount of inventory or weight would require me to pay.This game isn't P2W, but it's P2NGI = Pay to not go insane. Want to loot everything you kill? Buy pets with real money, or loot it manually and severely gimp your XP/hour. The auction house in this game is also the embodiment of completely braindead design. It's heavily regulated, and has some "bidding" system which makes no sense at all. This means you can just be standing and waiting for an item to pop into the auction house for hours, and it will just be sniped from you, because everyone else is doing the same. You can't do personal trades for 99% of the items in this game, so you can't even be ready to pay more than the AH price if there's someone willing to trade it to you personally.Why do you think this game only costs 10 EUR? Because you don't get a full game. It's like paying a F2P game with optional subscription -- no inventory space, very low weight limit, etc etc etc. I've already spent 40-50 EUR on this game on top of the 10 I paid for it, and now I'm probably going to stop playing it. I wish I could get my money back. And that investment is almost entirely for a single character, because none of the weight limit increases or inventory expansions are permanent on but a single character. Go figure.The issues I've mentioned here may not sound like big ones.. but I literally just entered the game, thinking I could maybe do some grinding or something. The problem is that if I want to turn in the loot I've gathered, I need to travel back and forth between my storage like 10 times, juggling items between my horse carriage and my character, so that I reach the weight limit so that I can turn in items. It's just so massively inconvenient that I honestly can't be bothered. Half an hour or an hour of mindless walking and item juggling because of idiotic design decisions before I can go and actually play the game? I honestly don't have time for♥♥♥♥♥♥like that. I'd rather play some game that hasn't been designed to pump money from their customers. Want to play this game?Pros:- Really nice combatCons:- Really, really ♥♥♥♥ing annoying weight limit/inventory system designed to get you to pay for more.- ^ per character, so get ready to pay a ♥♥♥♥♥on if you don't want to go insane when you level a new character.- Want to loot everything? Prepare to gimp your XP/hour, unless you buy pets for real money.- Completely useless auction house.- No personal trading for 99% of the items in the game.- ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ default settings -- you get spammed by notifications about *every single thing that happens in the game* by default. In the middle of your screen. Seriously... who is the ♥♥♥♥ing moron who thought that was a good idea?- This game is optimized like a turd. Prepare for 40 fps inside on your massive beast of a machine.- The stat system is very.. opaque. There's AP and DP and some things like crit, attack speed and accuracy.. But all we know about these stats is speculation or some manual testing that has been entered into spreadsheets. It's hard to say what stats like accuracy do, and there are apparently "hidden stats" on some items.. which makes no sense either.- Servers are almost always massively overcrowded to the point where there is noticeable lag looting and talking to NPCs.If you have a lot of time and real life money, go ahead and have a blast.
T.A.R.D.I.S	Recommended	103.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198319818104/	the deserts arent even black
Foxin' A 'Bish	Not Recommended	76.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Foxinaboot/	its pay to enter AND pay to win. gg you've ruined your own game
Crazy Ned	Not Recommended	6.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198121738538/	say no to pay to win today kids
Vellor	Recommended	82.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/RealVellor/	Can only talk from first impressions since i have never played BDO before now;The character creation is incredible, until you try the "standard facialpose" thingy and get such a hilarious result that you snap it to your friends and laugh your♥♥♥♥♥off only to keep it and make it your profile picture. Other than that the story is meh, but the gameplay is so engaging and fun that you just skip the story all together (and this comes from a guy that LOVES stories in my rpgs). cant wait to play more of this game, also for the low sum the game is currently going for its almost a shame to not atleast try the game out.
fromthesahara	Not Recommended	3.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198047361974/	This is a hard game to rate as yes or no because in this case it's based entirely on play prefference and not quality. I didn't have another option so I had to be biased in my enjoyed style of game play. Let me make it brief and simple.Pros.Some of the best graphicsVery responsive controllsVery rapid movement of characters without rubber banding.Lots of different classesExtreme character customizationGreat fighting feelFight actions feel rewardingConsEndgame is all pvpTill level 50 you don't have to pvp but after that you have no choice. I don't like games that dont' give me a choice. Being perma flagged for pvp is an invitation for griefing, but why not? BecauseThere is no end gameThere are no dungeonsThere are no raidsPVE is only a means to the end and that end is PVPSimply summed up this is like a giant world of League of Legends (Which I used to be addicted to) My pvp days are over.After changing gear 3 times there was no appearance change at all. That gave me no feeling of reward or visual feeling of advancement. Maybe that comes later but in every game I've ever played even trash looks different. For a game sographically good this felt like an odd cheap shortcut. Again this is just personal opinion.If you look at how long I played you'll see it wasn't long at all. Why? Because by level 11 I already started to feel the gnawings of "the endless grind" I've played grindy games. It's hard to get more grindy than Silk Road but even in Silk Road you didn't feel that grind until you had already invested a good deal of time into the game and by then you didn'twant to just walk away. To give a grind feeling before a persons even invested time is not a wise idea.Endless TutorialEndless runningAfter level 11 I asked a friend if I was ever going to see any real fighting action other than run run run, kill a couple npc'sthen rinse and repeate. I tried to stick with it. That fact it took so much effort after only 11 levels is just not good for meThis game is certainly for you if you are a die hard pvp'r. Back in the day I probabaly would have eaten this up but nowall the constant competative game play has gotten old. If your a pve'r this game is most certainly not for you. Don't take my word for it though. Go to youtube and look up "Black Desert Online Why should I play". It's well done andcan help you make a better choice than just my review.
Kev	Recommended	47.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198097804575/	Wow, okay this will be my first legit review for any game ever. please keep in mind that these sort of games are my favourite kind to play, so althoug imperfect, i may be a little biassed towards it.I was very cautious when considering whether to buy this game or not. The Steam reviews have not been so good so I really fought with myself for two days before crumbling under the pressure and buying it. I mean what's the worst that can happen? I paid $6. After playing for a little bit over the span of two days, i have quickly realised that this game has consumed over thirty hours of my life. I realised that Steam reviews can't always be trusted, considering that this game has less than perfect reviews, but I do know this type of game isn't for everybody. Everybody has their tastes, and I STRONGLY suggest you at least give this game a try. You get a free two hours afterall. I will warn you though, you may easily waste two hours creating a character so i suggest you use a base character and go straight into the game to really get a feel for it. I'll also say that you should NOT go into this game expecting an RPG game. it is NOT an RPG. I would consider this game closer to a Sandbox MMO, due to the fact that you'll find yourself not really roleplaying all that much like you would in games like Skyrim or Runescape even. You can be a fisherman in this game or a trader, but you'll feel the same way doing both of those activities, although they are so diverse. so now that we have that out of the way, I will say that this is one of the best Sandbox games that I have played in ages.First impressions: I will admit that I still have no idea what Im doing in this game and there are all sorts of items and little things that buff your items that I have no experience with. Google hasn't been able to really help me always, but so far 99% of the players in the game are more than happy to assist me. I have barely explored the world, so there will be all sorts of features probably left out of this review, but after thirty hours, i feel that a review is appopriate.Pros:-Epic combat-Beautiful graphics-A dozen of skills to spend hours training-Massive open world-Decent servers (mostly)-Autorun feature (no quick teleport so this feature is a godsend)-An interesting Node system that allows you to own properties (I haven't fully explored this feature so please Google it if you're interested in learning more)-A marketplace that allows players to trade universally with each other-Guilds/ Clans allow you to interact with other players and become a part of the communityCons:-you need to pay real money to really make your character look any different-The game can stutter at times-servers are sometimes unstable during the day-Sometimes the chat can become a toxic mess (can disable)-The UI can get a little spammy (can disable)-Sometimes it really feels like there's too much to do and might become overwhelmed-Once you get to a higher level, killing enemies becomes very very easy-Can't do individual trading with other playersAll in all there really is no need to ever pay more money than what you paid in the original price. most things that can be bought with real money can be aquired from a few days of grinding. This game is not perfect, but it has been such an enjoyable experience for me. The best advice i can give anybody considering buying this game is to not expect an rpg like WoW or Runescape, but instead expect an openworld Sandbox style MMO. Another thing to keep in mind is to not take this game too seriously. I have seen countless people complain over "the grind" in the game istelf. yes there does involve a bit of grinding, but if you play this game somewhat casually to have a fun time and waste some time, then the grind feels much more enjoyable. For people who have played Runescape (Specifically Classic), the grind in that is much worse than the grind in this so it shouldn't be a problem for those people. Players will definitely need to invest some time in this game to get far, but so far after thirty hours, it has not once felt like a chore to me. I STRONGLY recommend that anybody buy this game and give it a try for $6, but i do believe that once this game is no longer on sale, The price is still very much worth it. The game normally is $10.99. Even investing a mere twenty hours into this game means you've gotten your money's worth, and I know that for me, I can easily put 100 more hours into this game. After casually playing for thirty hours, I have ONLY discovered 8% of the world. This game truly has so much content in it. Im so pleased that this game has been brought to Steam because before that, I had never heard of it. i would love to see this community grow bigger in the future. I strongly advise you to at least give this game a try. You may be strongly pleased, and if not, that's perfectly okay too! This review definitely isn't very well thought out or written, but after over a day of constant enjoyment, I figured that I had to write a review for this game, because I strongly believe that this game is of higher quality than what the overall rating for this game displays. After 100 hours i might realise there's a fatal error in this game, and if there is, I'll be sure to update the review. For the time being I know there are many many people on the fence whether to buy this game or not, and i hope I helped a few people make a final decision.*Update* Sorry for any confusion when I list this game as a "Sandbox MMO" I know it's sort of vague, but I believe that calling this game an RPG is a little misleading because you'll find that you don't really do any real roleplaying in this game. There is a roleplay chat, but people just use it to casually discuss certain things about the game. People with a good imagination can easily roleplay in this game, however. ie. Fisherman,trader, lumberjack, cook, ect. I'll try to find a better thing to call this game. A fantasy Sandbox MMO? It definitely has Rolep-laying potential, but I don't think many people see it as an RPG. The reason I define it more as a "Sandbox game" is because you can run around for hours doing nothing of any importance and you can have fun. I love wandering around without an reason similarly to how i would in minecraft. All in all everybody might have a different genre to consider this game, but I do apologise if I caused any confusion by considering it simply a "sandbox MMO"
FlyMeToTheMoon	Recommended	59.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/flymetothemoon/	First of all as of the moment of writing this there are only 3 MMORPGs that I can recommend investing time in - WoW, GW2 and this one. Though I have less than 100 hours in it compared to other people with thousands of hours, I will describe my experience so far in those less than 100 hours.Unlike WoW and GW2 this MMORPG is not tab-target click spells/abilities. The combat relies on combos and quick reactions which I like. I don't even want to call it MMORPG because it is nothing like the two mentioned above but is indeed massive and multiplayer and online and role-playing. But you cannot simply compare it to the two above or any other MMO. The best way to describe this is perhaps "GTA set in a fantasy world". There are no dungeons and raids like in other MMOs. You can perhaps call it sandbox. You can do anything you can think of in this game just like in a sandbox game. But not quite. What I dislike is that you cannot build things like your own house(you have to rent one which you can lose if you don't pay for it weekly), there is no end-game PvE content. The game focuses on what it would be like living in a fantasy world. You have to do every-day stuff such as have a profession, fight other people, quest/do missions, do massive battles etc. I haven't touched a lot of aspects of the game because I mainly like to do quests in MMOs.About the people claiming it's pay to win. It's pay to win as much as GTA Online is pay to win. You can buy in-game money there with real life money and then spend them to buy the best home, weapons and vehicles. Does that make GTA Online pay to win? No it doesn't. It's there for those who have excessive amounts of money and can afford to throw their money at the wind. Cosmetics. Lots of games offer cosmetics for real life money, like LoL, Dota, Paladins etc. Does that make them pay to win? No it doesn't. They just make you look pretty. Of course I would love to see they do the same thing that was done in Guild Wars 2 - in GW2 you can use your gold to buy the currency that is offered for real life money. This way those that spend 10+ hours per day in it and farm gold can actually obtain the items that are being sold for real money, no-lifing rewards you. I might add something else later if I feel like it.
Elazul	Not Recommended	6.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198038602850/	DISCLAIMER: What follows is my personal opinion based on my limited time during the most recent free trial weekend. I understand that it's difficult to judge an entire MMO from such a short amount of time. So instead of my usual review format I'm just going to do some pro's and con's based on my experiences in the game followed up by my recommendation.PRO'S: *Excellent character creation system! The characters you create all look amazing! I could have spent hours or days creating the perfect looking character.*The graphics are amazing! Some of the best I've seen on an MMO.*The combat! Some of the best combat I've played in an MMO!CON'S:*The obnoxious cash shop shoved in my face front and center. This was a huge turn off immediately.*The game apparently likes to throw tons of random junk at you then of course has a nice glowy button so you can buy more inventory space in the obnoxious cash shop.*The game lacks a coherent story to draw me in. The story that I played was really bad. It didn't make any sense.*The game suffers from a lack of focus on what you're actually supposed to be doing. All quests I performed were just grinding mobs which got boring pretty fast.*The "Tutorial" was a joke. Easily the worst tutorial I've seen in any game ever.*The community I interacted with was generally hostile, racist, and pretty annoying. Within my first 30 minutes in game I was blocking people. Lots of spam in server chat with some very questionable "jokes". There were racists in the chat.WOULD I RECOMMEND? While the game is very good looking, has a great character creation system, and features amazing combat I find myself unable to keep playing or recommend this game to anyone even for $5 on sale. Honestly, this game should be free to play. It's structured almost exactly like a free to play game. The cash shop is extremely annoying and is present in just about every menu I opened and interacted with. Ads pop up when you first log on into the game for things in the cash shop. I just don't like it. I got the impression that instead of having a game that is supplemented by a cash shop that the game itself was designed around this cash shop. There is no coherent story to draw me into the game and every quest I interacted with was mob grinding. Going to give this a pass. If you absolutely must try it then I would suggest giving it a try only during one of the free trial weekends as that way it is risk free.
Keen	Not Recommended	1.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/stefanbrt/	Clusterf*ck of a game
JWall	Not Recommended	3.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jwallnj/	Pay to win. Not worth a try.
Gularhar	Not Recommended	1,125.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/GularharOP/	It's amazing game but it's p2w. I want to give neutral review but it's not possible so i put it as a negative.
sevildog	Not Recommended	4.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/sevildog/	Pay to win. Avoid.
Keen	Not Recommended	1.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/stefanbrt/	Clusterf*ck of a game
123	Not Recommended	0.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198065775960/	Lot's of down votes on my initial review so I will further explain. The game installs an anti cheat program, that is does not tell you about, that has the ability to scan every file on your computer and send it to, I do not know where. It's deceptively hidden and the website is suspicious. I don't care about being able not to cheat, never done it, but I don't like the secretive nature of the program installation.  
Penguins	Recommended	17.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/CutestID/	"Name is already in use" simulator
2strong4this	Not Recommended	159.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/3licar/	After 100 hours of gameplay i realized that this game has no point, no story, no nothing, you just keep killing monsters and monsters non-stop while doing quest. The storage system is♥♥♥♥♥♥and the weight thing aswell. The higher the lvl the worst it gets, people say it's not p2w, but it is at some points. Overall game is beautiful, graphics are amazing, it has so many good features but you end up getitng bored quick.
mightybooshin	Not Recommended	1,317.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198031565661/	screw enhancing ...that is all
tarball	Recommended	1,087.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/tarballqc/	Send help.
Munkyy ⍰	Not Recommended	3,781.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/IAmMunkyy/	Game's officially dead, they've gone full P2W. F
Rust Jesus	Recommended	259.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198163399403/	Just finished my character and now I'm late for work. Graphics are worth the 10$ alone.
Squeaky Hammer	Not Recommended	188.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198052844009/	I bought Black Desert Online (bdo) on sale for $5. this seams like good value but its actually not since this game should be free anyway.. it has a micro transaction shop like everyother "FREE" mmo.i didnt even make it a full month before closing the game off and un-adding it from my library. this game is "Pay @ Win" af!anyone you talk to is in denial claiming that its pay to convenience ect that the shop items only give small conveninces but the truth is you cannot even play this game efficently unless you use the micro transaction store. for starters you need multiple pets to pic u items. you would think that since you can manualy pic up items, that is an option but due to the fast pace and  nature of killing and long grinding sessions you cant offord to stop and pic up crap or you loose time. you have to buy value packs or the market taxes you a whoping 30% any and market trades. and sicne the core of this game is grinding -> money ->gear ->->upgrade-> win if your not using a value pack you are 30% behind everyone else. the rest of the microtranstion offer small "conviences' that add up such as exp % boosts on costumes crating and horse breeding items pet perks and costumes that hide your UI from enemy players ect ect.the game itself plays like it was created by some fv%kwitt igen kids devloping on a consle with a controler. they have stolen every aspect from mmos, action action rpg's and fighting games, games such as final fantasy dekaron wow Asura tekken, you can pretty much make a drinking game out of spotting the rippoff's of the art, game mechenics ect. these are just a few as you walk around you can see the gratuitous homage dripping off every aspect of the game. the only think that even comes close to being neally unique is the gameing game/ action rpg control style layout incorprated into the mmo (but this plays like♥♥♥♥♥♥on keyboard). if you got a controler im told the game actually functions without you having to to keyboarge finger gymnastics to do combo'sjust to get started you need to download 40-45 gigs, the data usage for the game is pretty high, the client crashes and farts out, the only thing between your desktop screen and the client is a small little window explaining to you the game crashed and has to close but this is a lie that little box is there just to give the illusion that your game doens't just fall away at a moments notice and that its already to late to save what you are doing. the servers that run everywhere else out of korea suck c&%k and kakao blame everyone's isp's because they are too cheap to fix the constant badgering dc's, pearl abyss/kakoa are tyranical overlords with their sensorship on formums and game policy. dishing out bans to anyone who publicly protests, the game client is basically a giant invasive malwear that invades your pc spying on every file. ALL HAIL OUR GRORIOUS READER! i actually had to cheak to see if this game was develped in south korea and not north korea because of all the opression!! the market has set values meaning that players cannot infulence prices at all pearl items can be sole for a pitence in silver but no ne ever sells them becasue its a massive waste of fv%king money. for example 1000 pearls cost $10 and a custume cost 3000 perls for a cheap one so you need $30 to buy a costume but the market value is only 33 million silver. you can go to a grinding spot and gind for 2 hours and make 33 million silver.. end game items  are even wose. trading an option in bdo except what you can trade is limteted to a small handfull of items. kokoa in an effort to stop gold sellers have created a dictatorship where players are isloated and cannot buy anything or sell anything for its actual value. they then use this to peddal their microtranstion shop items to players that are forced to grind constantly for money hours a day everyday for months to even reach the level where they can do endgame pvp. if you want to play this game and pvp forget about it. iven if you downloaded this game yesterday you wont be pvping on even ground with anyone for at least 2 months even then i highly doubt you have boss items or TET items.the the real cancer i saved for last...when you start the game for the 1st time you are asked to choose a unique family name. this in itself is a difficult task since it will represent your whole account and will basically be you for ever in the game. but........ shortly after that in the character creation screen you are asked to give your character a another..... ANOTHER! unique  name wtf actual f$%k shouldn't your family name be enough and we can jsut choose any name for a our characters????! nup! you got to have 2 unique names.. the whole procress is redundant AF all the names are taken and you are left with a s%^y name you dont care for and are never happy with. there is dozens  and dozens of f$%ked up things about this game i could list these isn't enough time in a day to complain about the♥♥♥♥♥♥i hate about this game. but let me sumarize for anyone skipping to the end and wants to short and the veiny of this rant.1. microtransaction are necessary and cost more then a sub to an actual good game.2.redundant name creation and deminished rping.3.opressive overlords restricting gameplay.4.weak client bascially farts out terrible connection to bad hosting frequant bugs and server lag5.endless never ending grinding and very little endgame activity6. very little friendly or co-oprative play.i do no recommend this game at all.
Ianemscott	Not Recommended	456.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197962895549/	Terribly grindy game, pay to win mechanics, have to leave game on 24/7 to be viable - do not recommend!
Legion	Not Recommended	2.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/necrodude15/	PTW
-   Ｒｙｕ -	Not Recommended	16.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/cutexgirlxgamerxsendxgifts/	The Quests are ALL the same Repetitive and boring you lose motivation the more you play . Also its Pay 2 Win with Items in Game Shop that grant Buffs to your Character and Gameplay (Pay more Progress Faster)
Nomed	Not Recommended	1,139.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/psycho_claptrap/	I have over a thousand hours and its still not enough :(
Demonic Trashpanda	Not Recommended	14.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/rymanb88/	Very Pay2Win
Mumnoch	Not Recommended	9,073.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197998071134/	Unless you are willing to spend $400+ USD I would not recommend buying this game. After today's update unless you are willing to spend far more than $400 USD you will be nothing but cannon fodder in PVP for anyone who has spent money in this game and there is now a clearcut path to buying endgame gear with RL currency. The reason this is important is because this game has no endgame content other than PVP. Truly disappointing as this game is the best looking MMO I've played with the most robust system in place for life skills, interesting and varied classes, and a nice combat system. They took a game that could of been the best MMO ever produced and turned it into a P2W cashgrab. Avoid at all costs.
obso1337	Not Recommended	359.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Obso_1337/	Opposite of most MMOs. Level grind is fun, then the end game is just garbage.
Zeke	Not Recommended	74.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/cqsualty/	All though I may not be the most experienced player or have the most hours on this game I still put fifty plus hours in and all I have too say about this game is it was a huge waste of time. First off if you even want too get too the point where your character is useless in any player versus player scenarios you are going too have too play a lot and mindlessly grind for hours on end. The second thing about this game is that if you are looking for a MMO too grind on with friends this one is not your MMO this is a single player game and even if you meet up with your friends it feels really bad when fighting raid bosses or any type of enemy. Another thing I really disliked about this game was the auction system in the game, if you go out and play the game and main quest for awhile you should get some money and you probably should go too the auction house too get yourself some good gear, so what you have too do is keep trying to buy items over and over and it can some times take up too an hour too get the item that you want. Thats all I really have too say about this game I didnt enjoy any of the time I spent on this game I came into it with high hopes and was deeply dissapointed.
Rust Jesus	Recommended	259.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198163399403/	Just finished my character and now I'm late for work. Graphics are worth the 10$ alone.
Munkyy ⍰	Not Recommended	3,781.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/IAmMunkyy/	Game's officially dead, they've gone full P2W. F
Crebsy The Hentai God	Recommended	19.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/tkcrebsy/	Sorry that name is taken
Mormzy	Not Recommended	142.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Mormzy/	Waste of time
Nomed	Not Recommended	1,139.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/psycho_claptrap/	I have over a thousand hours and its still not enough :(
Demonic Trashpanda	Not Recommended	14.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/rymanb88/	Very Pay2Win
maddy	Not Recommended	6.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/maddyrien/	Please do yourself a favour and just avoid this game like the plague.
KHORNE FLAKES	Not Recommended	134.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/KHORNEKOB/	Standard Korean garbage. It was fun for a bit but after you start getting deeper, it becomes apparent that the game is very pay to win or hours upon hours of grinding for simple things. Also, people seem to play it more like an online single player than an actual MMO Overall, not good at all unless you have money to spend on it.
MediocreArc	Not Recommended	51.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198091080698/	Oh boy, where do I start.Black Desert Online is in short, a grindy korean MMO with awesome graphics and combat. However, while there are a lot of grindy korean MMOs out there, I feel like Black Desert Online is probably the best.... Kind of.The Graphics are absolutely amazing (If your computer can handle it) but once you enter a town the FPS goes to complete crap because of how many players play the game. Combat: The Combat system is extremely smooth and PvP is awesome in black desert online. Unlike most MMOs where you spam numbers, Black Desert Online actually has you memorize combos like Shift E, w+RMB LMB+Shift RMB+Shift, Shift+E+Space which makes combat a lot more interesting. This is by far my favorite part of the game and the main reason I got into it. PvP is a ton of fun too.Chat/Community: The chat is absolutely terrible and I recommend turning it off once you enter the game. It's literally just people crying for a costume, or some type of item that you can only obtain through purchasing it with real money. Or something about alienwares, or something about traps, and sometimes even Alienware Traps (Yeah... I really don't even know lol) At first it's absolutely hillarious but after awhile.... it gets kinda old. This isn't mentioning that there are tons of arguments as to whether or not Black Desert Online is p2w or not, which I will get to shortly. The community itself though is usually fairly nice, unless you say something bad about BDO, in which case they will usually either make fun of you or flame on you really hard.Group play: Group play is basically non-existent until you reach lvl 56, where you will proceed to enter guilds/groups to grind for hours just to get half way to your next level.Story: Black Desert Online does extremely well with it's story telling at first, but near the middle/end of the main story everything becomes extremely complicated in my opinion and it was very hard to follow what was actually going on. My favorite part of the story was the Black Spirit, who slowly becomes stronger and stronger as you do more quests for him.Harvesting resources/nodes/trading: Out of all the MMOs I've ever played, Black Desert Online does this the best out of all of them. You can hire workers to transport materials, you can use a wagon to transport items from town to town should you want to go the "trader/business man" route. You can also chop down pretty much any tree as soon as you see it, harvest grass/crops for weeds and other neat stuff, fish (which is a lot more interactive than other MMOs, unless you choose to AFK fish which some people do) farm, mine, and even hunting animals (which eventually leads to hunting whales which is super awesome).P2W/Pay for convenience/Cash shop aspects: Basically the reason I left the game. Costumes give you stat bonuses and unless your really lucky, you usually have a super small chance to get one legit from buying it off the market. This is because lots of people camp the market and bid on the costumes as well, making your chances much lower as I said above. There are two specific costumes in BDO that make you look camoflauged (Sorry if i misspelled that) hide your nametag which makes it a lot harder for people to notice you coming to them to attack them and also makes it harder for people to hit you in combat, and still give you even more stat bonuses. These two costumes each cost 34.00, which is why not many people have them. There are also horse costumes that give your horse special new passives that can be purchased, wagon costumes that give your wagon special new passives that can be purchased, and even boat costumes that give your boat special new passives that can be purchased. You can also purchase pets for 9-11 usd each in the pearl store, and can have 4 pets equipped at a time. Pets can be bought from the market place as well, but just like the costumes, people camp and bid on them as well. Through all my hours even with putting notices on nearly all pearl items I haven't gotten a single one. Anywho, back to pets. They pick up items for you and have other special passives that really help you out endgame. This sounds good, until you figure out that when you get a pet, they're tier 1, and can only pick up an item every 10 seconds. You have to mate 2 pets (which destroys both of them) to get a higher tier pet. Over and Over until you get to T4 usually. It would cost a lot of money to have 4 tier 4 pets. Unfortunately, endgame these pets are almost essential to your grind, making it very hard to progress otherwise. There are also Value Packs, which are the equivalent of a subscription. You can buy these from the marketplace but like I said above with the costumes, the chances are really low and people usually don't put up pearl items (items paid for using real money) up in the marketplace much. These value packs give you unlimited use of certain things, more weight, more inventory space, more money from marketplace sales, etc etc. There are also items you can buy from the pearl store that can instantly revive you, increase your inventory space even more, or even increase your weight even more. There are maids that you can also pay money for, which allow you to open up the market even if you aren't at the market. There's also furniture that you can buy using Pearls (real money currency but in BDO, given when you pay real money) but unfortunately that's really expensive too. Furniture in BDO can also be found, but found furniture usually doesn't give you enough interior points to actually progress your houses' rank. Furniture can also be bought in the market place but the price of furniture in there is usually either really expensive, the item gets taken super soon (like the costumes), or the interior points the furniture gives is mediocre. There's a lot more I'd like to cover but I'm afraid that my text space will end soon.EDIT: Support and Staff: I forgot to mention this in my review originally, but the Support and Staff behind Black Desert Online are always helpful and really nice. I've had to send two tickets to them, one concerning a glitch in my inventory and another concerning something about my old account i used for a free trial, and the responses and help was always really fast, respectful, and nice. Most MMOs responses send you to some page with info or the responses are like robot responses and sound like they were copied and pasted with a few changes.Conclusion: Black Desert Online is a really cool grindy, korean MMO with one of the best gathering and combat systems in any MMO we've ever seen, along with an awesome story that starts out really cool, but begins to become worse and worse as you progress further into it. The graphics are absolutely stunning.... Until you get into a town. Unfortunately, The cash shop gives players too many advantages and hinders those who don't like to put a lot of money into the game. Can you get by in the game without spending a single cent besides purchasing the game itself? Yes! Will people who pay money be a lot better than you? Generally speaking unless your the number 1 gamer or they're one of the worst, definetely! And by a long shot. Final Verdict: Mixed. But since there's no mixed option for reviews, I'll make it negative. The game is definetely worth trying out and it's a ton of fun. I can definetely see myself hopping onto it again every now and then for awhile. It's an awesome game. But I just can't support all the P2W/Pay for convenience items that give people such a large edge over players who don't want to pay an extra cent, and don't want to get too into a game like that.
BENGALZ	Not Recommended	342.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197961029049/	Pros:- Innovative, fluid, responsive combat for an MMO- Classes are unique and fun to play- In depth life skill / trade skillsCons:- Repetitive- Pay to advance / Pay to enjoy- Eye gouging prices- Lacking common courtesies like the horse flute from the $40 explorers pack being account wide- Lack of content (If you dare try to enjoy some world PVP and go negative karma be prepared to throw away your character and spend another $40 on inventory weight for your next character, since guards will attack you and any player can kill you, Muiquinn (Bandit town) is a joke and has no marketplace so youre f****).- Want to call your horse from more than 2 feet away? $15 (per character)- Want to have inventory weight to hold items and not go to town every 30 seconds? $40 (per character)- Want to have pets that loot for you so you dont miss loot and effeciently farm? $40 (per account)- Want to not spend the next 6 months repairing your weapon? $10+- Want more room in your stables to tame horses and breed them? $10+You get the idea...Steer clear if you dont want to spend 200+ for a month of enjoyment.If youre a masochist and rich, or like to spend money you don't have, then this is the game for you.Update 6/20/2016: So a month later after dropping 200-300 dollars on this game. After being misled by their pearl shop item and not being offered an exchange. It was the straw that broke the camel's back. I'm not dropping another dime on this ponzi scheme and I urge anyone else on the fence to stay away or dont spend a dime on this game (if that's possible).http://imgur.com/a/4HUaD 
Biggerthanleftarm	Not Recommended	2,096.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198081758776/	I don't mind grinding. I don't mind people who are more dedicate than me keep killing me over and over again. RNG enchantment system can be very frustrating but if you put time in it you will eventually be rewarded. But after the full blow pay to win patch, all you have to do is swipe your credit card and you can be stronger than anyone.This is Archage all over again. A 300 hours credit card warrior can easily outgear a 9000 hours hardcore non-paying player.
BooDaddy	Not Recommended	339.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198016890539/	I did enjoy my time with BDO, however there are a few issues I have with the game that ultimately led me to move on to greener pastures.  BDO has a  beautiful, expansive world, interesting enemy design and excellent combat make for an exellent experience .  There's an incredible amount the player can do.  Crafting, cooking, horse taming and breeding, gathering, fishing, fighting, world bosses, PvP and repeatable quests are all available. It's a sandbox MMO so there's plenty to do if you feel like doing it.  There's little reason to get invested in the game's story, however. It seems tacked on as an afterthought to lead new players from area to area.Endgame is also very lackluster if you don't want to PvP.  It's all fine and good whilst you're levelling up, seeing new areas, killing new mobs, but when you hit the soft level cap and you've been there, seen and done that, it leaves you with little to do save for dailies and a very slow, repetitive grind.  There are engame PvE dungeons, but they are so far out of the way and require such high levels and top tier gear that they may as well not exsist for the majority of players.  Despite the fact there is so much to do, the game does an atrociously poor job of explaining anything to the player, it's irritating to need an entire wiki and multiple youtube videos just to grasp the basics of how to play the game and how to progress.  Many essential mechanics are never even hinted at to the player or are so easily missed or dismissed as irrelevant that the player can end up gimping themselves for weeks of real time play as a resultBDO also is also like that psychotic girlfriend you used to date.  It'll demand your full, undevided 24/7 attention, even more than other MMO's and woe betide you if you aren't slaving away to please!  Even casual players leave the game on overnight or when they're at work to regain energy or to earn passive coin via fishing.  Not doing so is far more detrimental to your overall experience than you'd  think.The game is so grind heavy you need evey single coin, every energy point, every bit of exp and consistant advancement just to have a chance at competeing and even then you can spend literal billions of silver, a months worth of grinding and selling items on the chance to upgrade a piece of gear only to have RNG dictate it blows up in your face leaving you with nothing but an empty gear slot and another months worth of grind just to get back where you were!However the real killer for me was the community and the PvP mindset.  Simply put, BDO has the most toxic community I've ever experienced in an online game, worse than any other MMO, worse even than League of Legends at it's lowest and that's saying something.The in game chat and naming policies are almost wholly unmonitored and unregulated.  Racism, homophobia and downright offensively degenerate garbage are mixed in with tasteless non-memes and mindless, repetitive spam. Actual questions about gameplay and mechanics are often ridiculed or ignored entirely.  The game cultivates and even encourages a bully boy mindset with unrestricted open world PvP that leaves everyone but the best geared players squabbling over scraps.Anyone with more levels and better gear than you can and will butcher your character for whatever reason they deem relevant and you will have no way to fight back.  You simply cannot farm mobs in many end game areas of the world unless you get very lucky.  Geared players will often kill you  simply for passing through these areas in case you might decide to attack and kill 'their' mobs and take 'their' loot and exp.  Even farming resources , like cutting trees or mining rocks in the same area as another player is likely to see you casually murdered if they think they can beat you.  Don't even go afk to the bathroom whilst standing in a non-safe area unless you want a 50/50 chance of coming back to a dead character.To compete at this level , as I said, you MUST dedicate your life to the game.  High level players have such a massively insurmountable head start over new players than unless you do no-life the game intensively for months or get incredibly lucky with drops, you will NEVER be able to compete. Or pay real money to catch up fast.One of it's most debated points is the the fact that BDO IS Pay to Win.I'll re-iterate that point. The game is Pay to Win.  This is NOT opinion.  It is FACT.   Many naysayers of the P2W arguement would claim the game is only pay for convenience.  Pets to pick up loot, costumes to give more exp, weight increases to carry more items and so on.  Some of these things can be obtained via the in game currency market, others cannot and in a game where every single coin and exp point is valuable, a player who spends real money for conveniences so they  can spend less time farming to earn that level or upgrade will have a massive advantage over a player who won't. More than that, costumes and pets can be sold for silver and then used to buy top tier gear from the marketplace, gear that a non paying player may have to grind for months to obtain and still never be able to afford. Even if this silver is used to buy upgrade tems, replacement items if upgrades fail and so on, it can shave off weeks and weeks of farm time. There are also some items and services that are impossible to obtain unless real money is spent. Even the most adamant defenders use the arguement that 'It would cost thousands to fully upgrade you with the best gear' so it's not pay to win.  However by that admission alone they acknowledge you CAN buy the best possible gear with real money if you're willing to pay for it. This game is all about the competitive PvP scene and you CAN use real money to gain an immediate advantage over someone who will not spend money.I myself may play from time to time in the future with friends or just to revisit old areas and level up a new character, but I will never set BDO as my main, go to MMO because of this reason and the atrocious community.So with all that in mind, if you want to experience it, wait for a sale, spend nothing in the store, get to soft level cap (56) whilst experiencing everything that makes BDO fun ,then move on unless you decide that the rancid community, putrid attitudes and extremely lengthy months long grind that can be removed by spending real money don't bother you.
Epos	Not Recommended	5,431.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/laptopofshame/	Been playing this game for about 4,834 hours at this point, alot of those were afk because ofthis games afk lifeskilling, but thats still a long enough time to come up with a solid opinion on this game. The good:-Huge open world, plenty of neat little spots and secret caves to discover.-The best character creation i've ever seen.-The ability to dye and mix cosmetic armour sets-Graphics are great-AFK skilling means even if you have a busy scheduel, you can still be making money.-Moderators are pretty responsive and fair, will even give back items if you accidentally delete them, and are often in game and involved with the community.-Combat. The combat in this game feels amazing most the time, combos and interesting skills make fights feel alot more interesting than most games.The meh:-You can flag on players anywhere outside of cities to attack them. However killing players will lower your karma, and if it gets low enough, you can be killed by players anywhere, guards will attack you in towns, and the stuff you lose upon death will get worse and worse, you can only gain karma back by grinding enemies.-The ocean is absolutely massive. It's also almost completely empty aside from some npc pirate ships (Which no, you cannot board) and some of the most boring to fight sea monsters in videogame history.-No fast travel, Exploring is nice and all, but when it takes 30 minutes to walk back to your storage town from your grind spot, it can get tedious.-Not quite pay to win, but just barely under that line.-Plenty of players, but most are toxic.-Regular updates every week! No guarantees that they're gonna be anything that anyone wants though, and will almost certainly break or ruin something.The Bad:-Everything is RNG. Want stronger gear? Try out the wonderful enhancement system where you'll blow hundreds of millions worth of silver in materials and end up with your gear being weaker then you started, only for a new player to come along and hit that next gear level by accident.-Grind grind grind. Wether you're lifeskilling or training combat, you're gonna be grinding all day. This isn't exactly new for an mmo, but this game doesn't even try and make grinding interesting or fun, using your daily exp boost hour will feel more like a chore than gameplay.-Pets. You want to make money grinding? Better get that credit card out or camp the market place for a few weeks to grab some pets. Base pets are junk? Buy some MORE pets to smash em together for a chance at a better tier of that pet!THE WORST:-The developers. The developers for this game give absolutely zero ♥♥♥♥s about the community or the balance of the game. Every update feels like it's actively trying to push players away from the game, while still trying to squeeze them for a few more bucks. Enjoy something about the game? Expect it to be ruined in the next patch.-Balance. Some classes are absolute one man army power houses, some classes feel like you're playing as a toddler with a foam sword tossed into a pit of lions. I wont name names, because which classes are which will probably have changed before i finish typing this.In conclusion:Don't buy it. Until the developers get it together and actually listen to the community, this is just a frustrating mess.READ THIS BEFORE COMMENTING "LOL YOU HAVE ALOT OF HOURS THO"Since this has been mentioned a few times now in the comments, i'm gonna go ahead and clear a few things up. No my class isn't one of the ones that got nerfed. Yeah i have put alot of cash into the game, which is kinda one of my points. The game is pretty cheap sure, but that doesn't count for much if you've gotta spend over $100 on in game content to be able to progress. As i said in the review if ya actually read it, most those hours are afk while im asleep or at work for afk skilling. I have not actively played this game in the past month. I still "play" (if ya consider afking to be playing) cause i'm an officer in a guild with some friends in it, and i like to drop in to help keep things running. I did get some value out of the game before, but this was before alot of recent changes that as most the community will agree, kinda ruined the game. I'm giving this a negative review because it's not somthing that is worth the time and money to get into as a new player. The game is fun for the first hour you play, and when you reach softcap gear. The problem is that between those two points is months at the very least of serious grinding and about $100 bucks for the pearl shop items you'll need to make progress. It's just not worth that investment.
Chaonic	Not Recommended	2,427.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/chaonic/	This game took over my life for a good amount of half a year. We are talking ~6 months in which I have spent a good 400$ in cash shop stuff for both me and my friends.It's an incredible game with lots of fun things. But for the fun things to stay fun, you have to let the game run pretty much 24/7, so your active playtime isn't cluttered with idle times.I have not played it in over half a year now for very good reasons. It's a massive sink for money. While you can unlock a lot through normal gameplay and buy even cash-shop items off the market (Good luck with that, the chances are incredibly slim), you are driven by the mechanics into making this decision.Everything from coloring your clothes the way you want to getting more money through your transactions are just a swipe of your credit card away. What about these clothes to cook faster, process your stuff automatically, etc?Many people already said back then, this game was pay to win. I still disagreed. But recent developments into REAL pay to win had me do this.Stay the f away from this, if you care for your free time. It will swallow it all right up. And you'll end up regretting it all.To be honest, I want to go back really bad, because it was so fun. But I, just like so many other fools thinking, this can't happen to me, fell for this scam.
collin4lizard	Not Recommended	428.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198116767916/	I wish I could give this game a percent rating but sadly I cannot. The game is fun up until the ♥♥♥♥ing enchancements. I enjoyed the grinding and questing up until this point. At that point, the game becomes extremely pay to win with artisan memories and other things like pets.The shop has many different items. Some of these are just cosmetic. However, the other half are buffs and items that are almost necessary to progress without thoughts of suicide. The enhancement system in this game is PURE RNG. If you are just unlucky, well sorry, farm another 100 million silver cause you couldn't win a random draw from the computer's code. Enhancing is ok until you get to the part where when you fail, you downgrade. This part sucks so so so much.And lets say you get past the cancer enhancing system. Well congrats, because you now get to participate in PVP! Oh wait a minute, the servers are♥♥♥♥♥♥and crash during sieges and node wars. You can't even play the wars when you get end game because the servers are horrible. Luckily the game is switching servers but until then this stands true.And EVEN if you can play the wars, you better hope you picked the right class. Some classes are EXTREMELY unbalanced. Some classes can barely dish out damage while others would one hit them. Well♥♥♥♥♥♥ you just spent all that time on a class that you can't even use for PVP. Time to restart.Don't even get me started on the ♥♥♥♥ing marketplace. You spend hours waiting for the item you need to get past the enhancement loop only to lose another RNG bidding war. When you sell items, you lose 35% of the value due to "auction fees" or some stupid♥♥♥♥♥♥ But wait! You can buy a 30 day value pack for $15 to get rid of SOME of that. Then you only lose 5%!I can only recommend this game to people who have money to throw at devs that don't care for the player's opinions and sit around all day lifeskilling, farming, or just grinding for hours on end just to lose the money they make in the endless loop of enhancements.If I had to rate this game out of 100, I would give it 30/100 or maybe 35/100. The pieces are all there, the devs just lost some under the couch and mixed two puzzles.
ChattyRevolver	Not Recommended	1,313.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/thechattyrevolver/	If you allow yourself to be trapped by this game, may the stars have mercy on your withering soul.The endgame to this is, as you'll see many other people mention, a trap. You'll enjoy the game at first, as I did for more than a thousand hours, and it will actually be fun. Then, over time, you notice things rely more and more heavily on a random number generator.I've no issues with RNG in the slightest. I do, however, despise it when a game takes RNG and skews it against the player so heavily that a week's worth of grinding and work can be destroyed into near nothingness in a split second because you're far too likely to roll a critical failure in comparison to the odds of success.Wew, that was a long sentence. Let me break it down if you had some trouble understanding what I said.To make any amount of progress, you have to grind. Typical of an MMO, right? Right! I, myself, see nothing wrong with this.To make better progress more quickly, you have to upgrade. Again, typical, yes? I thought you'd agree.The problem is, when you uprade your gear or...well, just about anything, you have to rely on RNG and hope that you don't fail at upgrading. I didn't bother with upgrading at all, and instead elected to grind out silver almost endlessly just to be able to buy the weapon, armor, etc., because the odds of success are incredibly slim. This wouldn't even be much of a problem if upgrading anything at all to begin with was cheaper.However, upgrading from one level to the next on a weapon? That takes a serious grind that can sometimes take up to a week. So there you are, with all these rare reagents and materials that you luckily got to put together (oh, yes, you have to put together some of the materials yourself...which, you gussed it, has just as bad a set of odds!) that you worked so hard to get. You're ready, you're looking forward to how much better you'll perform because of this upgrade.Then it happens. You click the button, and it fails. No, it doesn't just fail.This failure retracts your upgrade level, because you apparently have to be punished for failing an incredibly difficult to pass dice roll. Don't even get me started on accessories, that's even worse. Why? Because if you fail an accessory upgrade, then the thing you were trying to upgrade is completely destroyed. Yep, that TRI Ogre Ring's completely gone and you have to grind another one.As if that wasn't bad enough, those who are lucky enough to have the time to grind out all this and succeed despite these failures are going to rub it in your face. The game's battle system is not in any way balanced. I tried to avoid conflict with other players because of this, the PvP was not fun at all. Speaking of PvP, let's talk about that a little bit. The PvP is pretty much the only endgame there is. That's okay, I guess, or at least it would be if they could be fucked to balance anything. Berserkers can just grab you and hold you into a group of mobs, rendering you absolutely helpless and bypassing the death penalty protections of dying to another player because it was the mobs that damaged you and not the Berserker. Classes that clearly do the job of another one but do far more damage, a massive gap in gear quality that leads to you being instantly killed because you aren't as geared up as the guy running around griefing...But wait! It gets even worse. No, I'm not kidding.That ten dollar price tag you see? It's the first purcahse you'll probably make. Oh, yes, this game has the balls to have a shop full of microtransactions despite having that entrance fee there. No, they're not just cosmetic, they're items that make the game easier to play. It's definitely "pay to win", it's just not terribly "on-the-nose" about it.After all, items that can pretty much guarantee that your enhancement will succeed, items the likes of which you can spend real money to buy...yeah, that sounds pretty pay to win, innit?But hey, the combat's at least fun. And, of course, there's the boobs that bounce around. If that's all you care about, then it's alright. But even then, I'd still suggest a different game that is in my opinion a better use of one's time and money. It's a damn shame, too, because this game could be really something if the developers actually tried.
JELLAL.	Not Recommended	2,947.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198180384694/	When I first started the game, I was blown away with how beautiful the world is, how fun the combat system is and how intricate the game is. But as I spent more and more time and progress toward end game, I realized that the negatives in this game is so heavy that it almosts cancels out the positive. It's really insightful how people who reveiw this game with over thousands of hours logged in ,like me, does not recommend the game. While those who have only spent 10s or 100s of hours gave it recommendation. Think about why is that. You need to spend a lot of time in a game to know it better. But now, I'll give you my pros and cons of this game (IMO):PROS:+ Very cheap price for the quality+ Best character cusomization on the market right now+ Graphics are really beautiful and probably the best looking MMO in the market right now+ Amazing combat. Combos flow well for most classes except sorc which I feel a bit clunky+ PVP is the best experience you'll have on any MMO currently on the market. Very tactical, somwhat like RTS+ A real open world. There are no loading screens when going from one region to another and you can go almost anywhere you want at the start of the game and it is one really huge open world for you to explore!+ Large scale PVPs are fun and somewhat tactical+ Really populated. You won't get lonely in this game as everywhere you go, you'll see players. Especially the crowded towns. Very healthy player base (if you're an RPer, there is a community for you here).+ A lot of things to do besides PVP (Lifeskills are robust and includes a very interesting node system in which you can send your workers to gather materials for you and build a worker empire! There is a ranking system for lifeskills and you can see where you place in the game). Very detailed and intricate system! There is a lot of things to learn and is very rewardingCONS:- Not so good community. I say that because there is almost an equal of nice and toxic players in this game. Others will answer question sarcastically or troll but there are those who will help- You need to have a bit of a beefy PC to play smoothly, framerate wise- No P2P trading and it's not a player driven economy. I consider this a con since I'm used to player driven economy and the marketplace in this game is not good. I'd rather prefer players make the prices and I can get the item 100% of the time, rather than taking my chances and bid with other 100 people on an item. This makes going to softcap difficult- Enhancing. Speaking of soft cap. You need to do a lot of enhancing to reach it. Atleast full TET armor/weapon and TRI yellow accessories. This part of the game will break you. I was tilted for days trying to TET and my gear went back to PRI (PRI>DUO>TRI>TET>PEN). It all depends on RNGeesus. After failing those, youre at the point where you can't enhance the item at 0 durability and you need memory frags to recover the dura and that can be obtained in scrolls (which are boring af) or marketplace where bots immediately buy them off. 1 Memory frag then brings the item dura up by 1 and using artisan's, by 4 (P2W). Not to mention making Failstacks and collecting mats to enhance (hards, sharps, black stones armor/weapon)- RNG!!! This whole game is RNG. Getting your boss gears, enhancing, bidding on MP, etc. It's so horrible that it made a lot of people I knew quit the game.- No dungeons/raids. Staple for every MMOs but BDO doesn't have it. BDO has no real engame PVE content but only PVP endgame content (Nodwars and Sieges)- There is somewhat no sense of accomplishment. Sure obtaining your gear was hardwork but is really though?  Enhancing is no exception. Someone could get to TET with one tap, but you who tapped tens of times cant get through. Not really hardwork but luck. RNG. You'll feel stress everytime you press that enhanment button and worry in anticipation if you'll either collect more materials for enhancing it back again or be happy that it went through.- Marketplace Tax is unnecesarry in my opinion-No cool visual progression. Every low-mid tier and end game tier armors and weapons looks meh, nothing visually appealing at all. Infact looks terrible. There are good looking pearl shop costumes but it gets stale since everyone is wearing the same thing. You can mix and match though- P2W or Pay for convinience?. Two words, Artisan's Memory (durability recovered up by 4 rather than 1 using memory fragments). I dont mind the VP and pets as you can find a way around it, but if you dont think artisans are P2W or Pay for convinience, something is wrong with you. *Edit: This game is not that P2W as you would think. Hell, it's not P2W at all. To win this game, you have to have godly RNG luck and you can't pay for RNG. But it is speculated that Valk's cry is incoming (increase enhancing rate) which just makes it P2W. We'll see in the future-Laggy servers-If you ever want to reroll to a new class, you need to buy new inventory weights (mandatory to buy if you want to progress in this game) as they are separate for each characters and cost a max total of at least $45. So deciding to try out a new class is really a hard decision and a new investment on your partTL;DRIs this game worth playing? Atleast It is worth a try. For $10, it is worth it just from experiencing the world. If you want to play PVP immediately, you need to invest a lot of time and money.I recommend this game for people who  can dedicate almost all their free time and can at least spend $100+ (artisans, pets, weights, slot expansions, VPs) in this game. I really don't recommend this game to those who want to play casually or don't want to spend a dime on this game as you won't have fun grindingTBH, It's a love/hate relationship at best. Goodluck to the new adventurers and my advice is that don't rush getting into endgame and don't enhance past TRI or even DUO if you don't have enough materials to bring it back up. Don't expect to be a top tier in this game that fast, it will take time and♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of patienceI still play the game but only for the lifeskills and just exploring the game  and enjoy PVP with my guild (I wont be doing enhancing anytime soon :D) PS.Comments saying "I still play the game" will be Deleted since I already addressed that here in the review and again on the comments. And if you don't agree with my review, please do tell me on the comment section or message me and let's discuss :)
Aezii	Not Recommended	5,050.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/AeziiSama/	im too poor to be good at this game any longer :/
Abel Danger	Not Recommended	1,258.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198007243542/	This game has a ton of potential but unfortunately, there are some MAJOR issues holding it back. let's start with the positives:1. Gorgeous graphics from the player models to the environments. Top notch for an MMO.2. Deep economic system3. Great crafting4. Fantastic combat systemNow for the negatives, and unfortunately there are many:1. Inventory management. this is the number one offender IMO. They say this game doesn't require a subscription but that's not entirely true. You start out with a 30 day value pack that grants you 16 extra slots of inventory, extra carry weight and bank slots. Obviously you are going to fill that up pretty quickly and then when the 30 day mark rolls around you are pretty much grid locked. Your only choice is to dispose of a ton of valuables or (you guessed it!) buy another 30 day value pack for 15 bucks. you really can't play the game with out it so go ahead and plan on spending 15 bucks a month for inventory.2. Overpriced cash shop. As I stated above, you can pay 15 bucks for inventory or a whopping 30 bucks for a costume in the cash shop which is absolutley rediculous. They make a half hearted effort by allowing a lottery in game with a chance of winning these things with in game currency but who wants to hassle with spending hours of game time bidding on items in a loterry against hundreds of other players? i managed to snag 2 value packs for my efforts in the lottery and thats over 90 days of heavy playtime and countless attempts. 3. Pretty much zero social activity. The world initially seems alive and vibrant with players running around everywhere, but you soon realize everone is pretty much doing their own thing. There is little to no reason to form a party because 90% of the game doesn't require a party. 4. Unbalanced difficulty. You will sonn find out that the mobs are either way too easy or far too difficult. You will slice through them like butter in level appropriate zones or you will get one shotted in higher level zones. Furthermore, even if you can survive a few mobs in the higher level zones, there's really no xp or loot bonuses that offer any incentive for taking on these more difficult challenges. 5. Loot drops and  in game gear is lack luster to say the least. Most of the gear outside of the cash shop leaves a lot to be desired in the visual sense. 6. Steep learning curve. Plan on heading to youtube if you really want to learn the game because the in game tutorial sucks. The game is complex and that's not necessarily a bad thing but, I feel like the devs could have done a much better job with the tutorial. 7. AFK leveling. Still scratching my head on this one. I'm not sure why the devs felt like this was a good idea. Most people make their in game currency by just leaving their computers on all night while their character fishes AFK. Dumb. 8. Cash shop steering. As I stated before, they give you a 30 day value pack with the explorers addition. The value pack is designed to steer you into the cash shop. You simply can't play the game without it. Without it you not only lose inventory slots, carrying weight and bank slots. But you also take a 30% hit on the in game market. That's huge when it comes to in game currency. All this is designed so that you head back to the cash shop every month and plop down that 15 bucks for the value pack. Not to mention, there are items on the cash shop that give you advantages in crafting upgrades, convenience and even PVP.9. Horrible, HORRIBLE gear upgrading system. it's expensive, it's redundant, it's chance based and it's way more annoying and frustrating than fun. that's all you need to know. if you decide to take a spin on this game, I HIGHLY recommend you just buy your gear from the auction if you can.
Despair	Not Recommended	3,438.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/rgsvoid/	 INTRODUCTION: I remember just getting started on this game, and it was an amazing experience that was consistent for months. There is tons of new content being added to the game throughout the year, and there is a lot of things to do actively for the first few months of playing this game. There's enhancing your gear, Lifeskilling, Grinding, Nodewars, Red Battlefield and much more to keep you interested in the game. With this being said, there are also a lot of flaws in this game that really outweigh and overshadow the positive aspects of the game.  CONS:  Pay to win The game is pay-to-win. Period. The level is debatable. It's a perfectly valid and fair opinion to not care. If you have a day job and would prefer to be able to throw some money at the game instead of spending all your time on it, that's a fair opinion to have. But if you're going into this game expecting to be at the same playing field as someone who drops $100 you're dead wrong.  Here are some examples from the in game Pearl Shop -  Artisan's Memory ($0.50per) - Pay-to-win. Yes, you can just get more Memory Fragments without paying - but you will never get them at the rate of someone using Artisans, because they by default have 4x the effectiveness of a F2P player. -  Swimming Outfits ($22) - Pay-to-win. It is impossible for a F2P player to reach the swimming speed/underwater breathing time of someone with one of these costumes. They are on the loyalty shop, but you cannot permanently have one. -  Naphart Campsite ($50)  - Pay-to-win. The permanent parts, the extra bonuses (remote villas), etc. are not obtainable by a F2P player, even through loyalties. This leads to a grinding/life skilling efficiency a F2P player cannot reach. -  Kama's Blessing ($15)  - Pay-to-win. A F2P player can not possibly reach the amount of Kama uptime as a paying player. There is a 1-day in the loyalty shop, but that only allows you 1/10 uptime as a F2P player. As opposed to the inventory expansions, where you can eventually reach full slots, you will never match Kama uptime with someone that pays for it. You could just grind 20% longer - but the point is you can not reach the level of efficiency that someone equally geared with a Kama blessing can as a F2P player.-  Valk's Cry  (not in our version yet, but it is coming) - Pay-to-win. Yes, you could just get 10 more failstacks as a F2P player to match the +10 from Valk's Cry. But so could the paying player, and then they still have +10 up on you. Assuming everything else is even, a F2P player cannot match the +10 from Valk's.- Pets - Pay-to-win. Yes, you can have up to 5 pets out at once, and they all loot for you while grinding, and provide special buffs like lifeskill EXP, combat EXP, karma recovery and more. This one is a bit debaitable, because they do go up on the market quite often, but out of all my time playing this game I have never won a bid.P2W Controversy[mmos.com] Classes Unbalanced Mystic = lol ur ded, unlimited cc lock, fast, way too much magic dp, and can heal herself if she gets low on health. gg. Striker = lol ur ded Laggy Servers After all this time of playing this game, I can tell you first hand that they have the worst server I have ever seen making PvP at time almost impossible. It was so bad that we actually had to protest[clips.twitch.tv] it, and then they still proceed to blame our ISP's for the problem when it is, in fact, server side. This brings me to my next point. End game sieges are almost impossible at this point.Sieges Besieged by Persistent Lag and Connection Issues[www.mmorpg.com] The Developers The Devs for this game do not listen to the playerbase, whether it's class balancing or the quality of their servers. They also go against their word saying they wont add P2W items, when in fact, they are.  The CommunityThe community for this game is toxic as ♥♥♥♥, and will make you want to bash your skull in. There are karma bombers, griefers, and just plain jane ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s that you will have the pleasure of encountering frequently. RNGEverything in this game revolves around RNG, and the odds are almost always against you. This really wont become a factor until mid/late game when you start going for TRI/TET on your armour pieces, or when you start enhancing expensive accessories. Although it is very satisfying when it succeeds, but it's so soul crushing when you fail back to back. Grindy as ♥♥♥♥The grinding in this game isn't as bad as it used to be, as they're making it a lot easier to level up. But it's still a Korean MMO so it's a super grindy game, if you want to get high level and be PvP competent expect to put a lot of time into grinding. PROS- Beautiful Graphics, most likely the best looking MMO out at the moments.- Fluid Combat, the PvP in this game is really fun, and the combat is something you wont see in another MMO.- The Character Creation in this game is amazing, and if you're talented you will really enjoy it. - Parkour System allows you to easily traverse citys, or any other area in bdo. - Lifeskilling/Worker Empire is fantastic in this game, and you can fully commit to playing this game around lifeskills and still have a blast. - Log in rewards- Cheap. It is worth the intial fee.CONCLUSION:At the end of the day if you're thinking about picking up this game, it depends on the type of player you are. If you can play a game that is progressively going P2W in a lot of aspects, and other players will have an unfair advantage over you, go for it. Unless you want to waste your money like I did when I was playing this game. Don't get me wrong though, I do love this game and you will meet a lot of great people and experience a lot of things you simply don't in other games. The graphics are amazing, the character creation is spot on, various different methods of making money in this game, and you can have your own worker empires and not worry about grinding or PvP at all. There is a lot of opportunity here, and I hate to see it go to waste by the devs going in the wrong direction. UPDATEPersonal attacks will have your comment removed on this review. This review is MY opinion of the game, you don't have to like it nor agree with it. But don't come here personally attacking me for it.Black Desert Online - The Negatives 2018 I still play this game actively, but on private servers and I have a more enjoyable time.sources:https://www.reddit.com/r/blackdesertonline/comments/7xjm35/an_objective_look_at_paytowin/https://mmos.com/news/black-desert-online-sparks-p2w-controversy-addition-blessing-kamasylve 
DoreiWulf	Not Recommended	4,949.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198431096447/	After 4k hours it breaks my heart to say, DO NOT buy this game unless you love wasting time and money! I really enjoyed this game for many reasons , wonderful graphics, lots of customizations for characters, many wonderful classes to choose from and a ton of content. However recently things changed from okay, to bad, then to the worst. The first change was the classes. When they "balanced" the classes they left some classes some to be downright awful no matter what boss gear or top weapons you have, Be prepaired to be PK'd by people who chose the right class all over a grinding spot or more often just cause you were there. The second change was the server migration which was suppose to get rid of the lag and random crashes, lets just say I expect some issues but it has become more frequent with the Remastered release. The third change was by far the last nail in the coffin for me. They added a P2W concept to the market which has KILLED this game. Now all that's left in this game are whales and lifeskillers. Its so sad to see a wonderful game destroyed by utter greed as well as toxic players.
Slith	Not Recommended	1,588.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/the_slith/	Before I proceed onto the review, I must first mention that I have NOT spent any money on this game other than the initial purchase.------------------------------------*Sigh* ...Black Desert OnlineIn the beginning hours (approx. 200-300+ or so), it was a fun and enjoyable game; combat was fun to make use of and exciting to see these sick animations being dished out by your character, ripping enemies to shred. Grinding, leveling up and enhancing your gears were a thrill! There was that sense of satisfaction and feeling rewarded for almost every little thing that was done....... Until you hit that point where you encounter this... Frustrating wall.Progressing any further than that will only make you slowly lose the enthusiasm you had for this game like you had when first started out. You lose more than you gain, the cons outweighs the pros by a LARGE margin in almost everything you do.Want to make hundreds of millions or billions of silver? Good luck m8, it'll take you months to set up something possibly worthwhile in which you become able to garner a decent income. Personally I tried that approach and only have ended up losing constantly or not making enough to cover the amount invested.Almost EVERYTHING this game has to offer is RNG. Save for gear enhancement (will talk about that later), RNG is applied from horse/pet breeding to get higher tiers, rolling good enough workers for your worker empire (which will become crucial in earning silver), good item drop from mobs (understandable, still, the chances are stupidly low) to marketplace bidding. Hell, even conversations with NPCs in order to get amity are RNG to an extent (although this feature is almost completely pointless).The game severely limits you in ways that can affect your progression. Because of that, the game encourages blowing your cash on the cash shop. BDO isn't P2W per se - more so Pay to Progress, kind of a thin line between it and P2W, albeit ultimately leading to the same result as P2W. Still, I wouldn't exactly classify it as P2W however.In whatever way you feel restricted in your experience during gameplay, there will most certainly be a solution for it.. In the cash shop, such as, but not limited to:Inventory weight limit increase, inventory space limit increase, outfits/costumes which grant buffs or unique features tailored to specific tasks (processing, fishing etc..). Even increasing the chances of getting the skill you want for your Tier X horse..! There is a cash shop item for that too.Most important of all is the Value Pack (we'll call it VP). The VP grants temporary buffs such as extra inventory/storage expansion slot and weight limit increase. But most importantly if you want to make more profit the VP grants "30% bonus to the Marketplace sales collection amount". Only way to get some of those are through earning Loyalty, which you get 100 of everyday, and even then still limited compared to spending money.Grinding became an absolute chore. I'm not talking about just leveling your character up.There's grinding to get more CP (Contribution Points) through quests and other means (mostly AFK alchemy/cooking - very time consuming).Energy, which requires knowledge, and that can be a grind in and of itself, but isn't too bad since you'll acquire knowledge naturally as you play.Gear enhancement? Pray with all your being and more that X amount of failstacks will suffice and silvers invested will be worth it..... Only for it to go down the damn drain and end up with lower enhanced gear. Don't get me started on boss and yellow grade gear... Especially accessories. You better have the power of RNGesus on your side.You will inevitably encounter a point where you will have to AFK lifeskill for over 70% of your total hours (in my case approx. 900 of my hours or more was such). It is inevitable because it's necessary for making silver. And to make the best out of it, you'll have to buy value pack and costumes from the cash shop (as mentioned earlier). It is an extremely lengthy and time consuming task for it to even feel rewarding. And because of all the 24/7 AFK hours, your pc can become negatively affected.As for the "multiplayer" aspect of this game: Well, this game doesn't really encourage you to interact with other players as really, most of the time spent will be alone. Only interaction you'll get is getting ganked by other players with better gear in grinding spots. There are the occasional understanding players who will tactfully ignore/avoid you even though they can probably crush you however.Maintenance is a ♥♥♥♥♥ because developers sometimes never deliver on what they promise. A supposedly 5hr downtime for maintenance ended up being 8-10hrs, only to screw up/corrupt games files. Compensation was granted, however IMO the given compensation was worthless.Devs also manage to find ways to make gameplay less enjoyable with each update, like ruining balance to certain classes, adding things into the game no-one ever asked for. I mean NPC dating? Seriously?Sure some events here and there was nice and fulfilling but that's it. They can only keep you in the game for so long.I know that all I did was talk about the negatives, but truthfully speaking, most of the positives turns into negatives slowly over time, at least in my experience. Hence why I have uninstalled the game only not too long ago. If I have to list any pros:- Beautiful graphics and decently optimized: I can get almost constant 60fps on the highest settings (1080p, GTX970) - bar for areas too crowded with players -  The overworld is nicely designed, large and open (probably too large for taste in fact), only downside to that is it comprises mostly of barren wasteland, ie; empty and mobs only appear here and there in their designated zones- Combat is amazing! Although very simple yet fluid, it looks gorgeous and feels satisfying watching the epicness of your character slaying foes- Great character creationYou'll be stuck in an endless loop where there is a sliver of hope of getting better gear: Grinding > get monies > watch as what little of your hopes left decide to leave you for some other lucky guy as you fail every enhancement > rinse and repeat.So please do yourself a favour and save yourself from going down this never-ending rabbit hole. Do not buy this game. I wholeheartedly recommend against it.
ZeroDreaM	Not Recommended	3,257.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/zerodreaming/	Don't bother with this game, honestly it's just a p2w fiesta. Remember the developer "Pearl Abyss" and the publisher "Kakao Games", stay away from them in the future for your credit card health. There is a review of a guy with 9k+ hours on BDO and I strongly suggest you go and check it out, he explains everything that needs to be said.
Justin	Not Recommended	7,012.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jblackwood12/	Do not play this game.The ones who progress in this game fall into 3 categories:1). Incredibly lucky. I know two different friends that succeeded a PEN (highest enhancement) on their first attempt. For me, out of 36 PEN attempts, I have only succeeded at one. There is no meritocracy, and no amount of effort will match someone who is just lucky.2). Hackers. The game is rampant with hackers (speed, teleporting, invisibility) and are able to earn 200-300 million silver per hour which is several times more than typical players. There is also possible evidence of hackers fighting sea monsters for guild payouts which means fellow guild members who did not technically cheat but got payouts will never be caught.3). Siege payout carried. These are by far the most geared players in the game, whom new players have 0 chance at catching up to. These people can earn 1-2 billion silver per week without having to play the game. Even people who are active grinding won't match this amount of silver output.The only meta is to build AP (attack power), which in my opinion is very boring (DP and accuracy builds used to be viable). The new renown system made AP scaling incredibly over powered, and meant that just having highest AP was all you needed. The scaling also meant that more geared players are vastly stronger than slightly under-geared players. The classes are never adequately balanced. At my time of writing this, Ninja was the strongest class (S+ tier). My class, Striker, is somewhere in the C+ to B+ tier in comparison. Even with a 30-40 gear score advantage, I will always lose to Ninjas. Witch/Wizard will always be among the strongest classes as most of the top players play these classes for siege. PA (protect area) is vastly over powered for siege environments where top guilds don't need to have diversity in classes to win. It is almost as if the game requires you to constantly switch to FOTM (flavor of the month) classes to feel powerful, which is not practical as you have to spend a lot of real money (inventory expansion, weight expansion) to switch between classes. There is lack of development on this game. After a year of playing they've only added 1 new class (Lahn). It's clear from the news that the developers are focusing their efforts on their Mobile and XBox versions of this game. This may explain why our combat system was simplified (a detriment) to make it easier for players on these other platforms. Lastly, though minor, you have to leave your computer on all of the time to progress (AFK fishing, AFK processing). So you'll use up a lot of power, heat your room unnecessarily and degrade your computer components from the extra usage. This is done in part to inflate the number of players online and number of hours that it appears players have spent playing this game.Even more minor, though irritating, they added a region renown system which added +5 renown if you got enough amity with NPCs in a region. This was a huge waste of time (6 hours+) as no part of this system is entertaining, and after everyone else does it, you no longer have an advantage. Before adding features like this, the developers should re-evaluate how entertaining the feature is.As a footnote, the game is likely in the future to add in extreme Pay 2 Win features that would fully wipe out anyone's effort in comparison. Other regions (Taiwan) have the ability to buy costumes and melt them for pearls which means you can get full PEN gear if you spent something like $150,000 USD. Korea is getting the ability to buy Shakatu Luxury Boxes in the pearl shop, which has the potential to give you items worth 15 billion silver. The developers are slowly but surely ramping up P2W to cash out on their player base.In summary, move on, do not play this game, save yourself the time and money.
- MT|2KRU -	Not Recommended	890.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198095949044/	Great game... sadly very unhappy about the pay2win. No chance to keep up with other players, even if you play like a fker
Shikatra	Not Recommended	1,457.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197960343245/	New patch has now been pay to win Total sad otherwise ok Game
McSweeney	Not Recommended	6,848.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198035157505/	Dont play this game. I have wasted my life and my money trying to extract fun from this game. Dont do it. The community is toxic and the devs dont give a ♥♥♥♥ about the player base. The Gear race is unending and unwinnable, and the grind among some of the worst even in a genere of grinder mmos.
angelo	Not Recommended	6,904.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/angeloloz/	Even after playing it for 4.5k hours i wouldnt recommend it. this game has no direction, it isnt a neither pvp game or pve game, it tries to but fails completely and the cashshop feels like it was intended for a mobile game.This game starts as a really long tutorial, anything from lvl 0 to lvl 58 is a tutorial, because the world is so big with so many things to do and you cant learn them all in just a few hours, except that it isnt. it may look that way but in the long term there isnt a lot of things you can do and most parts of the world feel like fillers. To begin with this game has the most unfair and dumb progression system ever created, once you reach lvl 61 all that matters is gear, you get your base boss gear and upgrade it until it reaches the TET stage, but the upgrading is completely RNG, so if you are unlucky you can waste billions of silver and months of playtime just to fail your enhances over and over again, while other people succeed in 1 or 2 tries reaching the same lvl of progression in less than 1 week because rng. lets talk about the pvp, you want to have some fun playing a skilled based pvp game? well this game isnt for you, even if you get gear good enough for pvp classes are completely imbalance, theres classes that are basically a joke like the most new one: mystic. whats wrong with her? everything, she has one attack that goes through blocks, she has another attack that goes through iframes, she has the highest base defence of all classes, she has heals with really low cooldowns, she has infinite super armor and the best part she has a base 30% magic resist, you thing she gets something "balanced" with that? like she resis 30%magic damage but she gets 30% more meele damage? nah. she gets an unfair advantage over other classes without any reason, which is funny because the weakest class in the game (Sorc) deals magic  damage, so if you were unlucky enough to pick that class without knowing how weak she was well have fun losing againts a class that can outheal every damage you can deal and pretty much any other class. Theres also dumb mechanics like 360blocks and some classes with an skill that has a "grab" effect that goes through blocks, why is dumb? because not all classes have it and makes it unfair, lets say you are a maehwa without a grab and you are fighing a class with infinite 360 block (valk or warrior) what are your choices? die. thats pretty much it, unless you want to waste 20 minutes baiting the other person out of his block you will not win that fight. Even tho this game has 15 classes theres no diversity, all you see is meta classes which kinda ruins all the fun.Now lets go with pve, Lets start with some lifeskills:Horse training: you can find horses in the wild, capture them and train them, it sounds fun right? well it isnt. horses are separate in tiers, most of the horses you find in the wild are really low tier and basically useless, you are better off sitting in the horse market for 2 hours buying high tier low lvl horses, once you get a female and a male you can train them, you know how you "train" them? you autopath from one place to another one for 15-20 hours, so basically you just leave your pc on for that time while you are at work or sleeping but if you want just for 20usa dollars you can buy an outfit that makes lvling horses 20% faster! once they are high lvl you can breed them for a chance to obtain a higher tier horse, it takes a couple of hours but you can speed it up with money, once is complete you can get your new horse, the horse you get is rng so lets say you breed 2 T6 horses and because rng you get another T6, well you can only breed female horses once so you will have to get another female horse, waste another 15-20 hours lvling her up to try again, but if you dont want to do that youcan pay for a "breeding reset coupon" use it on your female horse and try again for another horse! you do that until you reach the final tier horse (T8) but that doesnt end there, horse tier is meaningless if your horse doesnt have the right skills, how do you get the skills? well you get them randomly when lvling up, so if you are unlucky you will get a T8 horse with nothing but bad skills and you will be forced to waste hundreds of hours trying to get another one, unless you decide to throw more money at the game, buying skill change coupons and use them to get the right skills for your horse. thats pretty much what horse training is on this game, fun right?Sailing: You can expend one month gathering logs and having workers build a ship, once is complete what can you do with it? nothing, literally nothing. there isnt any real sea content, theres a sea boss but hes really glitchy and you dont even do anything besides sitting there for 1 hour pressing 1 key to shot cannons. theres some sea monsters besides that but theres no poing on killing them, it isnt fun, you need to buy cannons with your own silver to kill them and they dont even drop anything you can sell, they drop guild materials which are basically useless. fishing on the deep sea is a waste of time, your fish will lose a lot of value before you reach land to sell it and if your rod runs out of durability you dont have where to repair it. so at the end you wasted 1 month building a ship you will never use.Trading: Trading is pretty much locked behind a paywall, is the most profitable lifeskill in the game, you can process wood, have your workers make crates in one city and sell them in another one for millions of silver, the problem? in order to process wood efficiently you will have to get an outfit from the cashshop that allows you to process items in the storage and you will have max your character weight, how you do that? by training and eating a lot of carbs of course! (just kidding, you will need to pay around 40 dollars for that)Fishing: pretty simple lifeskill, you buy a rod, go to the nearest beach or river, set your character to fish and go to do something else.Gathering: another simple lifeskill, this one is mostly used to get materials for another lifeskills, mostly cooking and alchemyCooking: if you want to be "make the most" out of cooking you will have to buy a special cooking outfit that makes it faster, after that you just gather meat and cook things to sell in the market, pretty simple, pretty boring and theres no reason to do it because trading is bettingAlchemy: same thing as cooking but worse, materials are more expensive and harder to get so theres no point on doing it unless you are making your own elixirs.Theres a couple more that are not even worth mentioning. so even if theres multiple lifeskills they are really boring and only 2 that are really profitable.The rest of the pve content is killing monster for exp and money, you will have to pay money to buy pets in order to farm monsters, even though you can buy 5 pets for 50$ they are tier1 pets and when grinding you will be leaving a lot of loot behind, in order to grind properly you will have to get higher tier pets, how you do that? by buying more pets and breeding them, so more money. you will have to grind around 40-50 hours until you reach lvl 61 and become useful, after that will have to grind more for money to reach 220ap, why you need 220ap? because thats the requirement to grind in the "high lvl" areas, so once you reach that stage you can go grind in a place where you get more money and you do that for hundreds of hours because there isnt anything to do besides that, there isnt any end game content, i guess pvp is the "endgame" but how can you enjoy such a unbalanced pvp system? meta classes do nothing besides spam 2 or 3 skills, which kinda feels like WoW where people would macro their skills and just spam them, you can play one of the lower tier classes and use high skill combos but whats the point when other classes can kill you in 1 or 2 skills?Edit: the pvp part is a little outdated thanks to recent changes, is still umbalanced tho
teacup	Not Recommended	871.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/its-tea-time/	Introduction of pay to win mechanics has broken the game. Stay away.
Wicked Recluse	Not Recommended	1,519.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198041561982/	I've been playing BDO off and on since it came to NA. Recently, I switched over to Steam after a long break away from the game. Currently in a love hate relationship with it, I've been back and forth with the idea of a positive or negative review. I've seen a lot of people making negative reviews but they only complain about the anti-cheat software. I've seen a lot of people make positive reviews but only drool over the combat gameplay. I'll try to be a bit more... fair. Grab a cup of coffee and prepare to read a long♥♥♥♥♥review.Black Desert Online is a very unique MMORPG. It's character customization is among the best I've ever seen, only surpassed by the likes of a heavily modded Skyrim. It's combat style brings some new and refreshing mechanics, steering away from that boring "Tab 1, 2, 3, 4 DON'T STAND IN♥♥♥♥♥♥, 5, 6, 7 style of combat that many MMORPG's are built around. It also provides your typical professions you'd find in most other MMO's, fishing, "blacksmithing", farming, and some professions that don't exist in many other MMO's such as trading and hunting.The ability to do all the professions AND without going to a trainer or being limited on how many you can learn at one time makes them a welcomed design. However, doing them is very different than you would typically do them in other games. In this, you instead hire workers, invest in nodes that surround major cities and towns, and send your workers to gather resources, then tell your workers to make an item. From merchant wagons to fishing boats, from armors and weapons, to refined materials or even trade crates. The options are almost limitless. You can even help your workers by gathering things yourself. The combat system is very fun and unique, offering the ability to put most skills on a very small, very limited action bar, or to press button combos to activate skills. The animations that come with this combat is also very well done. The graphics are also among the best you'll find in an MMO, unfortunately they come at a price. Even on high end systems, FPS can and will drop into the low 20's in major cities, mostly due to over population of other players, the option to hide other players in said cities/towns would be a very welcome option. Sometimes you can't even find an NPC because so many players are surrounding it. Graphical "pop in" is also another major issue and kills some of the immersion when flora and shadows is just popping into frame as you approach. Despite some of these flaws, it looks fantastic, and it is, to an extent. However, with every positive this game has, there's a major negative that comes with it.While BDO has appeared to perfect some areas of the genre, other areas, it miserably failed. PvP is one of those. Yes, I know, the hardcore PvP buttboys will hate what I'm about to say here, but it's true, and it just about ruins the whole game. Once you pass level 49 and hit level 50, you enter a permanent "flagged for PvP" state, where, you can and WILL be attacked at anytime, in any place outside of cities and towns, by other players. You have a choice when you hit level 49 whether or not you want to hit level 50. There is one MAJOR problem with this. Listen up devs, you need to be aware, because quite frankly, it's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. If you choose to stay at level 49, you miss out on a substantial amount of the games content. Areas you just can't go to because the enemy levels are too high, despite having an excellent gear score, you wont be able to compete much. Due to the level gap, your accuracy falls off, making it near impossible to fight in areas of a higher level. Also, awakening weapons/skills you can't access until level 56. Which brings an entire new page of extremely powerful abilities and a unique weapon that you'll never be able to use if you don't want to be forced into extremely unbalanced PvP.That's the biggest problem with PvP. There is ZERO balance, yet they force you into it. People just one level higher, or with +10-20 AP/DP more can easily defeat you. Skill holds no place and only gear and level play a role in how "good" you are in PvP. PvP should have remained only in battlefields, and guild wars, or at the very least given us an actual PvP toggle that completely eliminates PvP for those of us not interested. Yet it's every where and prevents PvE content access. Not only that, but other players will harass and attack to prevent you access to certain quest areas, grind spots, resource nodes and even towns and cities.Another massively huge failure is the "Marketplace" (auction house). The Marketplace was designed around preventing gold selling and real money trading, which is nice, but losing 35% of every sale, forcing users to buy the cheapest item, and a RNG bid mechanic that prevents users from buying anything until that bid is over... it's an absolute mess and it sucks. Let's touch on it a bit. The bid mechanic. So, when an item is placed on the market, it's up for bid by anyone. If 10,000 people bid on it, then RNG kicks in and says, one person can buy it. It's not a, "who offers the most money", but a "Whoever RNG decides is worthy". Also, forcing users to buy the cheapest. The biggest issue with this is, if 100 people are trying to buy the same "cheapest" item, then it comes down to who can click buy and mash the spacebar the fastest so you get it first. It's so impossibly difficult to buy popular things, such as Memory Fragments,  off the market because of this.I do also have a huge issue with their "not-so-micro-transactions" and it's just that, not so micro. $40 for a non account bound, single character outfit does little more than showcase the "Asian Greed" we see in so many games coming out of Asia. It shows they care more about money than their product or customers.My current review score will be negative for the time being. When the devs change a few mechanics, I will definitely give this a thumbs up.WARNING: To those "policing" reviews. I understand your fanboyism. However, it is unwelcomed here. Anyone who attempts to troll, insult, provoke, debate, lie or mislead via the comment section will have their comments deleted and if harassment continues, you will be reported. Keep your fanboyism to yourself, you cannot debate facts.TLDR, message to the devs.Devs, why restrict your player base by forcing a mode that, according to polls and studies, only a rather small minority of players want to take part in? You may be happy with a million players, and you'd probably do quite well for yourselves. What if you had 2 million? 3 million? 5 million? You know why games like EVE Online has such a small playerbase? Because they force PvP. Some of the best, and most successful MMORPG's in the industry have optional PvP and in no way force it, nor lock PvE content behind it. World of Warcraft, Guild Wars 2, FF-XIV and many more, All MMORPG's that have a massive multi-million fan base, they all also don't force PvP. There's no reason to lock PvE content behind PvP, and no reason we can't have PvE servers, or at least an actual PvP toggle. Until you stop forcing PvP, and stop locking PvE content behind PvP, my score for this game will be negative.
TheBrokeNZ	Not Recommended	137.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197972082261/	IntroductionIs this game good? Yes it is. Though it's a special game so it might not be everyones cup of tea. So why the negative review? Because they lock game features beind paywalls and other nonsense i will be bringing up in this review. Don't be fooled by the positive rating this game has, this game do have their skeletons in their closet.Pros:Amazing graphics and it even has character adapting their feet to the ground so they stand "natural" and not stand straight at 90 degrees because you stepped on an angled surface. In my opinion an important detail because it tends to break the immersion when you see your character being... "Special" again.Horse game mechanic is so in-depth and broad that it's amazing. The mount is legitimately a separate entity, it doesn't just disappear and reappear on a key click. This means that you can't be stupid when you park your horse and go off questing because mobs might attack your mount.You yourself is responsible for your mount and if taken with great care it can be an amazing mount. There's tiers, levels, breeding and skills your horse can learn so you tend to wanna park your horse on a safe place before you go out and adventure.I feel like this is the game's strongest and unique game mechanic you wont find anywhere else. This MMO did mounts best of them all.You can invest money in banks, hire workers to do labor work which ranges from mining to crafting. You can fish, hunt whales with your boat, buy houses and even become a merchant by buying a carriage and strap it onto your horse. Buy wares from one town and sell them in another town. Though being a merchant is really boring, but just that it exists as an option adds to your freedom to do what you want.A brilliant game menu that has everything you'd look for all in one place.If you ever wanted to find a specific NPC in a town you've never been to before, there's an NPC finder that will mark the NPC for you and guide you to them. There's video tutorial of ability combo's in-game so it's easier to learn them and you get a cute tutorial dark spirit as your guide.Cons:This game is cruel towards new players. You get bombarded with notifications and UI interface buttons all over your screen and it keeps throwing enormous amount of information and expects you to remember it all. A really hard learning curve.There are still buttons and Icons I'm not sure what they do.This game doesn't explain stats, what type of gear you should look for etc. Gear in this game is very, very different from other MMO's so you have nothing to compare with to grasp what is better or not.In-game currency inflation is through the roof. If you thought Soviet Russia had it bad, ooooh boy...They have autoloot but this feature is locked behind a paywall in the form of Pets. Tier 1 pet can autoloot once every 10 sec to once every 4 sec if you level them. Notice "them". You can have up to 4 pets and a pet costs 10 euro a pop.  This is a big deal because in this game you cut through mobs like butter and leave a trail of dead bodies behind you. Now looting is a real hassle since it's looting one guy at a time and if you experience server lag due to high influx of people then that looting will suffer enormous amount of delay. So it's inevitable that you'll miss loot unless you cough up 40 euro.They have "costumes" to make your character look pretty/sexy/cool - which is always nice! Buuuut they have stats, so they are no longer costumes. They are cash armor that will give you an edge over others that haven't invested money as well.They give new players a laughably small inventory and hide 1 single inventory slot unlocks behind quests. The game also gives you free inventory slots sent to you in your mail along with other free cash items like costumes for your character or horse costumes to deck out your horse. It gives you a free color palette to customize your colors on your gear and your horses gear. You also get a free ticket to edit your character's looks, hairstyle and hair color etc that you did when you created your character. It even gives you a coupons for your first purchase, discounts ftw. Why is this on cons?It's marketing psychology.What you get is temporary cash costume and cash horse costumes that expire so you get a taste of the premium life. They give you temporary color palette so you wanna take advantage of fixing your preferred colors on your cash costumes before it expires so that means you have to buy the costumes now while you have the free temporary color palette. They give you coupons that expire within a week to give you a real incentive to buy it while you still have the discount and you will have to buy cash inventory slot unlocks and inventory weight limit unlocks eventually.It's a marketing strategy to make you act without thinking rationally because it's on a time limit and they bloody know it. It's really dirty tactics.  30 euro for costumes, 20 euro for horse costumes, 40 euro for 4 pets, around 40 euro for a decent inventory and weight limit increase. If you actually want to customize your gear with colors, thats 10 euro. Wanna remove a color? 0.5 euro per color you remove. Edit your characters appearance? 10 euro. That's a lot of money you could spend on different games that doesn't treat it's customer this disgusting.Now you don't have to buy horse armor, color palette, edit appearance and remove colors. you can simply endure looking like a peasant - but the rest you will have to buy. Otherwise you'll endure suffering through limitations that are there only to punish you.If your horse learned a bad skill, pay money to remove it and reroll your chances to the RNG gods that you get the skill you want.Wanna increase the chances of you getting a specific skill for your horse? Pay cash to increase the odds of receiving that specific skill.Can't be bothered to train your horse skill? Pay cash so the stablekeeper will train your horse for you.Can't be bothered with waiting 2+ hours for breeding your horses? Well you have a wallet... Open it.You probably get my point.ConclusionDon't buy this game. It's a great game killed by greed. If they had a fair cash shop like Guildwars 2 for example, I'd gladly open my wallet. But that means treating it's player base fair and not this carrot-on-a-stick treatment. I don't know which one tried baiting me harder, a shady man with free candy written on his van or this game. They give you incentive after incentive after incentive and every step of the way you get punished for not cashing.In Guildwars 2 i bought a bloody in-game music instrument for no reason, because it was fun and cheap. I spent in Guildwars 2 over 2500 euro, though keep in mind buying piece by piece, month by month over a long stretch of time. All of it is purely cosmetic, nothing else. Why did i do it? Because it was fun and so cheap that it didn't feel like you had to sell a kidney to afford it. You could even convert your in-game gold into cash currency so you can even buy cash items without spending a single euro. Besides visual they didn't alter the game what so ever. It was purely there for cosmetics and "hey if you support us, buy this, instead of patreon" kind of vibe.Not once did i feel punished for not cashing because there was nothing to cash that acted as a inhibiter on your game. They treated us fair. Even the most extreme weapon, a legendary weapon gave almost identical stats to normal exotic weapons with a tiny tiny laughable stat increase, which is a joke! But when you think of it, it makes sense. Basically they don't want people with legendary weapons to dominate or have an edge over others, so it too is merely there for cosmetic reason even though it's not a cash item. Black Desert Online completely missed the plot. You know how much i cashed in this game? Besides the cost of buying the actual game, i spent 0 euro in their cash shop. Zero.
AyJay	Not Recommended	2,333.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198070308943/	This game is one of the greatest MMORPG, and was my favorite. But recently the devs promoted the cash shop as a required step for any high level players. The old PEN roulette has become a "pay for your end-game stuff". Indeed, you're now able, through the cash shop, to buy yourself unlimited attempts at upgrading your gear, thanks to the power of your wallet. And I'm not talking 20$ investment. It's about hundreds or even thousands dollars...Move along. This game is ruined.There's thousands of smarter ways to spend your money and thousands of better places than bdo to make a "bigger wallet" contest.
Havoc	Not Recommended	311.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Metatron1337/	(Update 30. June 2017 - Addendum at the end of the review)Actual review, not just whining about rootkits for a change, coming right up.Black Desert Online is a visually stunning and complex MMO with incredible potential but falls completely short of realizing it due to the majority of gameplay elements being designed with microtransactions in mind.Let's get the good things out of the way:The game looks really damn great for an MMO, the character editor is easily among the strongest I've seen in any game.Combat feels responsive, tactical, 'kinetic' for lack of a better word, it mixes a classic cooldown hotkey-sequence stereotypical MMO system with fast and fluid DMC-style action combat, and does so very well.A huge, rich... partially immersive world, full of lore and happenings all around the player. It's a joy to explore it and there are many beautiful sights to take in, whether you want to, or not... which brings us to the automatic pathfinding:Easily the most sophisticated system I've seen in any MMO, just place a marker on the world map and press a button, and your character will find the safest route there, with a 99% success rate.But here's where we're already leaving the "nice things to say" territory...While the game has some very nifty quality-of-life features, it's lacking entirely in others. There is no "effective" quick-travel system. If you want to get from one end of the map to the other, you will have to run, or ride a horse there. There's a method to get your character from one major city to another, but you'll have to log out of that character and wait regardless.You can view your items in storage from any point in the world, nifty, but storage is separated for every village and town in the game, expanding that storage for cash is an option, but for each of the five gameworld regions separately.Character inventory has been doubled down on, not only do you have a limited amount of slots for items, but you also have a weight capacity for each of your characters, a savvy design choice if you plan on selling very expensive inventory and weight limit expansions, for each character separately, of course.Defeated enemies drop an impressive amount of loot, which is great, but the loot stays locked to you for a very short time, and disappears a short time later, manual looting is very slow, and depending on server load hugely influenced by lag, encouraging you to buy pets, all of which loot for you, and you can equip 4 at once. Incredible!To cut this short: The game is meticulously designed to maximize the rppu (revenue per paying user), to a point where the community itself will react negatively to people questioning whether or not this game is p2w "pay-to-win".It's not. It is however designed in a way that paying will increase your enjoyment of it exponentially.You WILL hit a sort of paywall eventually, no matter which aspect of the game you try to focus on, because each and every aspect is fully built around a p2e, pay to enjoy system. And most paid elements are cleverly priced in such a way that a more expensive option will always feel like a more worthwhile one.An example: You grew to dislike your characters looks, you can eitherA. Buy a 1-time coupon to change it once for 8€B. Buy a 30 day coupon to have the ability to change it more often for 10€ orC. Just go for a 30 day premium subscirption for 15€ which offers you a wide range of other benefits, like enabling a dye function for all your gear which includes all the dyes available in the game, which would alternatively also cost 10€ by itself.The marketing psychology is clearly at work here, trying to leverage as many fallacies as a human could potentially commit, in order to convince you to buy something which has no intrinsic value.But that's enough of railing on the business model, I just wanted to give potential buyers an insight how far their entrance fee will get them, let's move on to the remaining cons:One big issue I found is how the game offers close to no social elements. Some even go as far as to say it's a singleplayer game with always-online. And after over a week of play I'm inclined to agree. At no point between level 1 and 56+ will you find the need to join up with another player, that will start once you want to get into very endgame stuff, most guilds won't even let you in unless you're level 56+ and have maxed out your gear.Only endgame boss hunting lends itself to cooperation, the party system is extremely barebones, and you have to go to extensive effort to synchronize questing together unless you start playing with a friend from level 1.Which brings us to the last point, which also offers a bit of an explanation to the previous one: The community.Unless you get accepted into a guild, which will then almost instantly treat you like family, which is nice, most of the players you'll get to interact with are on a level of "toxicity" that rivals overwatch and league of legends.It gets worse once you get past level 50 and the open-PvP system kicks in. If you dare to as much as get near a popular grindspot you will be attacked and murdered on sight without warning. Sometimes you get a bit of a warning in the form of vigorous insults, and once you're killed by players of a much higher level, you will be further insulted and blamed for making them kill you. (To be fair, that happend only twice each, the rest of the time I had a lovely grind at sausans)Generally: If you value your time, money and dignity, avoid this game. If you have too much of column A and B, and none of column C,  then feel free to make this the new thing that will distract you from commiting suicide for a while. Or just invest in a Traveler's Package, play for the 30 days you'll get the included premium service and then quit and never look back. 30 days is more than enough to see everything the game has to offer.###Addendum:After receiving some valid criticism after writing the review I've now stuck 300 hours into the game to see if there's more, and I can safely say there isn't. The game essentially turns into an idle game if you consider focusing on any of the "life skills" on offer. And easily 150 of my 300 hours have been spent having the game do its own thing over night. The softcap to your exp makes it absolutely pointless to do any combat once you've hit level 56, unless the weekend double exp is active, the rest of the week you may as well just do the afk-portion of the game.I've also been accused of playing WoW and I can assure you that this is not the case. I've only ever played one western MMORPG and many, many Korean ones.Furthermore I have left out the fact that there's a "Loyalty" currency in the game, which lets you, in theory, buy a very limited selection of cash shop items with time instead of money, in my opinion this is irrelevant since the rate at which "Loyalty" is accured will never become useful to the average player and is entirely negligible to new players and should not be a factor in a purchase decision.So again, if you can get this game on a sale, you can enjoy some of the fun combat(if the servers ever stop lagging), but if you're not into that kind of thing just keep in mind there are many free idle games and cookie clicker clones on steam.
Oskzzo Geist	Recommended	827.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/oskzzo/	Hi all,  I've been playing this game now for 2 weeks and figured it is time for a review.PROSGreat character customization (even more things to set up then Sims)Lots to do from main quest, side quest, crafting quest, and easy contribution points quests.Most life skills are self explainitory on how they are used but you do have to discovery the items to craft, The game does have a helper menu ingame to find some items to craft but some do require crafting quests to make them.The Market place is set up kind of like wow's auction houses easy to find what you need.Just for logging in daily you get loyalty points to spend for some items in the loyalty section of the pearl store.Class skill movements are very eye appealing and well designedHorses are capturable and breed able to make high teir horses (highest i have seen to capture has been teir 4 and the high i seen breed are tier 8's)ConsSemi toxic chat (like most games)Some grinds like fishing take awhile to lvl up (AFK fishing while you sleep does fix this issue)Class unbalance in pvp ( like most pvp games)Lvling faster then quests (sorry a personal pet pev of mine)outside of that a pretty great game to play with friends or to find new ones.
pokxei	Not Recommended	288.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/pokxei/	BDO endgame:• spend 100s of hours grinding• fail every attempt at enhancing your gear, leaving you with worse gear than before• realize you just wasted away a week of your life• waste away another week of your life• repeat on a never-ending cycle for the rest of eternitydon't let this game get a hold of your soul, go outside enjoy life, and if you have none there are better games to waste it on
Tinny Unleashed	Not Recommended	22.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198040692365/	Beautiful visuals and combat system squandered due to a massive grinding requirement. The grinding is incredibly tedious purely to encourage players to cough up more cash. Item drops exist only to be sold for coins just convince you to buy pets to pick up items for you. The equipment upgrading system might as well been designed by a casino. If you pay an upfront price for a game you shouldn’t expect features designed to ruin your fun in order to extract cash from you.
GhostFS	Not Recommended	1,344.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198005428262/	The definition of wasted potential. And I enjoy games with rewarding grind so it's not due incompatibility with the game genre.PRO:Nice combat. Nice graphics. Nice world. A very original blend of management and action. Features rich.BAD:They all blow those good things for the decision to force the player to extreme, daily, AFK intensive, not fun, not rewarding grind.And this seems to be done for a simple strategy in mind: annoy the player until he pay money for in game items to ease the suffering... So what you have to expect is:-Long AFK "play" is require. So keeping the game in system tray while processing.-"Events & Reward" generally are about being online 5-6h a day at least, daily attendance, repeat every day few fetch/produce/kill quest.-Pay for in game items. The game is absolute hell if you do not pay. In particular, small inventory, overweight, unnecessary travel for to perform small chores, manual looting of the hundred mob/hour you kill... will drag down the play experience.-Absolutely uncalibrated grow. Rushed early level advancement, and grind hell after liv 56.-Uncalibrated PvE. Let's clear this. You are not rewarded to go to challenging  zones. This game is made to kill armies of mob, very fast. And it's fun for a while. However this means that you need to go in zones where you outgear and outlevel the enemy, and stick to those areas killing the same mobs for hours, days months. Otherwise, it become exponentially longer to advance, in a super grind game not a wise decision.-PvP... is fun only when you duel someone of you same level/gear-level. In those rare occasion is rewarding challenging and require skill. But is a rare condition being extremely gear based in the extreme majority of case you outgear or be outgeared making the fight too easy and not rewarding for the stronger, and annoyingly hopeless for the weaker. -Weak and butchered story. Story is fragmented. Mostly because accelerating the grow in early level. You will solo kill in 2 hit "cooperative Bosses". You will encounter block and jumps in the story... as part of the story was cut off, put as optional, moved to a later part of the game... the narration as result is a complete mess. So basically the main story  and 1-50 level growth is a long tutorial.  -RNG. Everything is random. That it makes sense or not. This give a “slot machine” feel to all the game. Luck worth more than skill.Loot? RNG, ok. Even if a bit exaggerated. You can get in few kill what other grind for month to get if you are luky.Gear Enchanting? RNG, with damaging/destroying resources, so be prepared to blow month of grind worth of material in a try to upgrade something .But they extend this to things that don’t make any sense. For example in the desert you get A debuf that require to drink water. Nice. But is RNG. So sometime you can travel in the desert for 30minutes without getting the debuf… and sometime you can get it every 30 seconds. For my travel route in the desert, 20 minutes on cammel I drink from 0 to 30 water bottles. -_-  
SkuLLY	Not Recommended	24.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/notwhatyoulookingfor/	This could be the greatest MMORPG of all time, because-The Graphics: The graphics are stunning in this game, It has it's own style, of course it has it's bugs, but I still love it.-The Character Creation: This game has the most detailed character creation, an MMORPG has to offer, if they wanted to they could make a standalone Black Desert character creator for fantasy characters lol-The Combat System: Never seen such a good combat system in an MMORPG, It is far the most superior of all mainstream titles.BUT...they had to make it p2w.Listen Kakao Games, You still didn't lose our hope, you can make this game the best MMORPG of all time, just a little few more changes about the p2w system, maybe more PVE content like dungeons and raids and more things to do when you are end game if you would done that, this game could be the best MMORPG of this generation, maybe "of all time". You just have to listen to your community, I know I'm just a dude I don't know anything about profit and stuff, but Kakao Games, please I beg you, make this game the greatest MMORPG of all time.
Deslation	Not Recommended	1,937.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198044265622/	>Release game with promise of no P2W>People buy game>Slowly add minor and moderate P2W>People sink more money into game>Add blatant and game ruining P2W>People find themselves too invested too just quit>GeniusBDO will certainly be in a downward spiral from here on out, don't bother.
Riot Punk	Not Recommended	6.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/riotpunk/	Went pay to win. ♥♥♥♥ that.Was a great game before, but nope.Wish I could get a refund now....
syrup sucking mouth moose	Not Recommended	4.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198135472340/	just don't, its all pay to win
Stavik	Not Recommended	7,309.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Stavik_the_Great/	Basically what everyone else says. This game is amazing in many aspects and will surely take up a lot of your time but the 29th of august they released the biggest p2w so far and it's honestly so stupid, the playerbase has already gone down a lot even before this and this will surely only make more players quit. Last year almost every channel would be crowded at some point during the day, now there's barely 1 channel that's crowded per day, that basically just means the playerbase has gotten a lot smaller because people have quit, both because the game is getting more p2w but also because they keep releasing huge changes that no one wants...
Kaz	Not Recommended	33.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198026218730/	Product received for free
Cherenkov	Not Recommended	2,080.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/desu_boku/	This game is sucking my life away more than Dota 2 did. I've put over 2k hours in and I'm still yet to come close to geared.Pros: Very good time-sink. Got an hour or so to kill? Grind some mobs, make some beer, chop some trees, do some fishing, make a trade run etc.Simplistic, but fluid combat. Combat can feel good once you get a good idea of what skills to use when.People in this game get really mad. No, seriously. Tell someone they're wrong, take their spot, flag on them when they're afk, the slightest thing and they'll never, ever forget it, especially in rp or server chat.Hard work is often rewarded. If you're diligent in what you choose to do in this game, pretty much everything can be used as a source of funds for gear or resources. Horse breeding, fishing, trading, gathering, alchemy, standard old grinding, everything can be used for profit if you keep going to a level where the output outweighs the input. Most of these are boring, yes, and usually the more boring it is, the more rewarding it is at the end (Trading being the prime example of this, being the highest profit of all of them.)Micromanagement is also rewarding. Use Contribution Points to connect nodes. Some of these nodes will have resource nodes on them. Hire workers at cities connected to these nodes, and have them work the resource nodes. You now have a steady stream of resources coming in. Sure, there are resources that you can only get from the market or gathering them yourself, but free stuff is always nice. You'll only ever have to pay these guys in beer (which you can make with the wheat, barley or corn they bring in massive piles of from nodes near Velia, Heidel or Calpheon). Later on, you can use these resources and workers in workshops to build things, just don't go building an Epheria Sailboat until you know what you're getting into.Cons:Simplistic combat. Yes, the combat fluidity is a pro, but the simplicity is a certain con. PvE kock-ups, stuns, knockback, etc. are only useful up until 56, when everything suddenly becomes immune to them, and PvP is a mess of "knockdown or stun an enemy so you can get behind them for bonus back-attack damage". There are no status effects like bleed, poison, freeze, blind, confuse, etc. only incapacitating or slowing your opponent and hoping they don't do it for you first. This is the same across all classes. The classes only dictate wether you want mobility or survivability, range or melee, magic or physical. There's no way to "outplay" your opponent, merely react the fastest and hope RNG is on your side (or hope they've only got the base resist against stuns, knockdown, etc). Certain classes are also useless. Don't let anyone tell you that every class has a use and are balanced. Sorc is terible and Striker is current flavour of the month. The only reason at high level they have a chance against each other is that the sorc has learned their class to a tee just to make it viable, and will play to their limit. The striker presses his buttons and attempts to grapple his enemy over and over until they're stunlocked to death or one of them dies IRL from old age because of how long it takes.Enchanting is a ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥. You're gonna want all of your gear you spent months getting up to "TRI" enhancement at least (Enhancement goes from +1 -> +15, then "PRI", "DUO", "TRI", "TET", "PEN" with more expensive enhancement). That sounds fine, until you realise that from DUO onwards, if you fail to enhance (which you'll fail a lot, even knowing how to failstack) it will return to the previous enhancement. They call it TET Roulette for a reason. Most people give up at TET because of how rediculous getting a PEN can be. Oh, and if that sounded bad enough, accessories (Rings, Earrings, Belts, Necklaces) follow the same enhancement rules except if you fail, the item is destroyed.Endless events leave you wondering why you even need to try to do anything. I've often wondered to myself why I even chopped all thsoe trees, mined all those rocks, killed the millions of mobs I did and even bothered showing up to world bosses. There will always be an event going on that has a chance to get boss gear and accessories. The past 4 events gave me gear every day that I'd been previously grinding for.Even for a KMMO, progression feels gated. Previous KMMOs I've played at least felt like you could cheat a little by fighting above your level, or at least group up with friends and take down some harder enemies for better exp. This falls off completely in BDO because enemies here are designed to give you very little, because you'll be killing so many of them. Enemy drops are often generic, being a mob-type-specific trash item you collect 1,000 of to hand in to some npc for a gold bar or similar. Yes, they drop gear or enhancement items, but rarely, and you'll be needing to bank or vendor way before filling your inventory because of how the weight system works.Get your wallet out. Everything in this game is designed to frustrate you until you pay cash to relieve some pain. Increase weight capacity, inventory space, pets for auto-looting, outfits for marginal boosts to combat exp or costumes for afk stuff (Fishing outfit, Maid outfit for processing, Chef outfit for cooking, all of which will only knock a few seconds off or give a little success chance). Remember how enchanting is a ♥♥♥♥♥? Well, failing enhancement reduces max durability on items, which si repaired with another of the same item or memory fragments. This is expensive lategame, so you can use Artisan's Memory (for 400 Lotalty points each, which is 4 days of logging in, OR, buy 1/10/100 for up to $40). None of this is cheap. Pets to auto-loot are at least $10 each. Costumes can be up to $60. All optional. The Value Packs, however, are basically not optional. People will argue it's the same as a sub to WoW or etc, as for ~$15 you get a pack that lasts a whole month. This makes it so that the 40% tax on everything you sell on the marketplace comes down to about 20% (no, I'm not joking), extra 10% EXP in everything but Combat, extra inventory and storage space, extra weight limit, and unlimited gear dyte/character customising. Oh, and with a value pack active, you can manage your node connections without moving an inch, as you can spend energy to connect to them, managing your worker empire as you afk a skill. You could say it's not optional, but they give you 3 of them in your first month just to see how "value" they really are - and how essential they are for wanting to get anywhere.RNG is king. Boxes, chests, packs, night vendors, drop tables - you'll always be playing against that 0.001% chance to get something of worth. Work your♥♥♥♥♥off for 2 hours to get a chest with a chance at a Dandelion awakening weapon, but you're probably getting a cheap enhancement item instead.Even on the marketplace, when something is posted, it has a 50% chance to go either to bid or pre-order (Pre-order is an actual bid system - whoever bids highest wins). Bid system is basically "everyone clicks 'bid' and someone is chosen to be able to buy the item". If they don't, it goes up so anyone can buy it, so long as it's the cheapest one posted.Conclusion and TL;DRIf you've not sank any time or money into this yet, don't start. As soon as you invest money into it, you're ♥♥♥♥ing done. It has its claws in you, and you'll play it simply because you've sunk funds into it. Don't buy it, don't gift it to people, don't recommend it. Go play GW2, or something. The combat and graphics aren't worth putting yourself through hell for.I'm going to keep playing this simply because you can leave it running and progress without attention while you do something else. This is because I always get maxgeared before quitting an MMO just in case I wanna go back to it, even though I know I won't.
Eriugam	Not Recommended	6.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Eriugam/	Black Desert Online installs XingCode Anti Cheat Rootkit onto your computer when you install the game.The 'anti cheat' does not uninstall once you remove BDO from your computer, you have to locate and delete it manually via regedit. The rootkit inspects everything you have done on your HDD over the last 48 hours, even if you have uninstalled the game.At no stage of the installation process are you warned that Xing Anti Cheat will be installed on your HDD. No thanks.  
Beast	Not Recommended	99.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/isitlegit2/	p2w
Asato	Not Recommended	2,251.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/batsono/	In short : This game is a scam.This game is made on purpose to get you addicted to gambling. Almost everything is RNG. The game puts you through so many inconveniences in order to sell you the conveniences. Like so little inventory and weight that you have to go back to town every 15min (5-10min travel time). I'd say at least 50€ for 5 pets and then maybe 40-80€ per character for inv slots, weight, costume etc,. That's just the minimum to have some "conveniences". P2W for sure. You get to repair your gear 4 times faster if you pay the price. The catch-up mechanism ... is.. kinda a lot P2W and it's just RNG, I'd say it's complete waste of time and boring af. It's 6 months if you're lucky and playing 8h per day if not well, you might never catch-up. Recently the payouts from the sea contents have ♥♥♥♥ed up the game, there's no reason to play as ... well there's already a big difference in the wealth that's crazy. PvP is... well.. gear based. Even if you catch up to the "softcap" the difference from there is huge. They got this stupid thing called "Renown bonus" and the "AP bonus". The difference between the bonuses you get from  241 AP and 272 AP is... almost 100. AP stands for Attack Point, the only stat that matters really in this game. So after spending months trying to catch up and get 241 AP (+40 from AP bonus) well you'll be getting OS'd by 272 (+137) AP guys... so why bother?! ...Also progression is fully based on RNG gearing.  And also... no trading and stuff. You'll be just always playing alone. This game does not encourage grouping up with others. A solo game. The game's got potentials tho, it's got beautiful graphics, some fun lifeskillings, a lot of AFK lifeskilling (not sure if positive, it's subjectif) and the combat is action based, dynamic and catchy. But as someone else said, the negative sides outweight the positive sides. Just don't bother with this Gambling slot-machine which has successfully disguised itself as an MMORPG in this western market. In Korea, well it's what they are asking for I guess.
SoijaJorma3000	Recommended	192.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198100896402/	Do not play this game with the goal of "beating" it or becoming the best at it. It'll ruin your life. You have to like the game for what it is since once you stop playing it, you've gained nothing but the fun you had with it.
z3rk	Not Recommended	139.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198068632700/	Well,I haven't played this game so much to know everything, merely 137hrs but I have mixed feelings about this game. It undoubtedly has some pros like:-Good and dynamic combat system,-In-depth character customistaion-Variety of skills and things to do,-Different classes that play/feel different......but. It also has some really big and strong and annoying cons. First of all, this game is not pay to win, at least not exactly. For me, this game is pay to "play pleasantly", which is even worse in my opinion. Because, you see, playing this game on those 10$ or euro basic is like building a house, with your own hands. It is doable, will take much much MUCH more time, injuries may happen and sanity might decrease, but it is definitely doable. What's more at the beginning you don't feel it that bad, you can progress slowly, drown in the immersion of this game and well, enjoy it. But sooner or later you'll start feeling inconvenience. Like lack of pets who gather the stuff for you (autopick in a game where you'll be slayin milions of monsters is well, must have sadly), small weight limit which slows you down and force you to stop "grinding" and sell stuff more frequently  (which is gargantuan in this game), inventory space which affects you in the same way, dull character look without pearl only set (cause stuff in the game hardly changes look by itself), marketplace commision which eats your profits etc.So, it doesn't force you to spend money, but it makes the game annoying, so you either give in and spend some money (and more more AND MORE will follow) or you rebel and struggle with the game (just like trying to stick nail with your bare hand) or simply give up. The choice is yours but the game steadily push you into "right direction".Another thing is, complexity. Don't get me wrong I like complex games but here most info/things are either uncertain, hidden or fanmade. I have read many "guides" about spending energy on working nodes and well I still have no idea that that does something or not. Some people say it does, some say it doesn't, official says it doesn't but then again there are some spreadsheets which show that it does. So, nothing is certain. Same applies for hidden stats on weapons and billion other things. I like to know things not to guess them.Another thing, RNG. Everything here is random. From work orders through enchanting and dropping stuff and the chances are low because, well, the amount of grind is insane so the chances have to follow. Not to mention the enchanting system which is, whoah.Alt extremely-unfriendly game encourages you to have some alts and boi if you spend some hefty amount of money on your main and you'd realise that this second character is better, you have to spend most of the money from the zero.Complete lack of progression, at some point the amount of silver/time needed to jump by at least couple AP/DP points up is breathtaking. Bah, due to RNG you can actually decrease in power when you fail to enchant your stuff tet+. So you can spend many days grinding/farming/skilling/whatever just to try to progress, which may fail, and you'd be in the same spot(or even lower one)So, TL:DR, game is fun, animations are cool it might hook you up for some hours, but deeper into the forest the more trees appear and if you are casual, this game is hardly for you, if you want to devote your life and wallet for it, go for it!
Linoban	Not Recommended	181.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/asdaf23412312fdfsdfasee1/	BLACK DESERT REVIEW.In order of + Pros, / Neutrals, - Cons.+ Excellent combat for an MMORPG, one of the best if you like action.+ Lifeskilling, workers and trading are fun and allow you to do much more than combat, giving plenty of reasons to return to areas you've already been to.+ Beautiful graphics and animations.+ One of the best character customizations in an MMORPG.+ Solid soundtrack.+ Good movement, controls and parkour system when there isn't any lag.+ Entire world is open and nothing is instanced, including the ocean.+ It doesn't take long to reach lvl 56, it's not as grindy as some other MMORPG's and catching up as a new player isn't too bad unless you want to play top level PvP.+ Many hours of fun for a game that only costs $10 to play.+ Event and attendance awards are generous and give you items you'd otherwise have to buy from the cash shop. You can even buy many cash shop items from the marketplace with in-game money./ Cash shop items on the marketplace can't be pre-ordered, meaning bots or other players will get them first./ World design isn't that original or interesting, but not bad either. Standard medieval fantasy stuff. Not many memorable looking creatures or locations./ All classes are gender-locked. There are similar classes of the opposite gender but they still play differently. Not a big deal to me personally but it seems to bother some people./ Voice acting and the story are nothing interesting, sometimes repetive, and a lot seems to be lost in translation. It's probably much better in the original language./ While the housing and furnishing system is nice there's no reason to put much effort into it other than roleplay. Players who spend hundreds of real money on furniture will always outrank your house anyway./ There are tons of quests in this game, but you will soon realize none of them are well-written and the tasks are all the same. It feels like a chore, but thankfully it's mostly optional. The amity system is also boring and makes you miss quests, so I wonder why the developers bothered adding it./ You have to stay logged in 24/7 to earn the most money by doing things like auto-fishing, and because farms and workers don't continue while you're offline. It's also optimal to fill your character slots and use all of your alts for money purposes. Many people including myself don't care to do this or have the time for it./ There is no reason to group or communicate with other players until Level 50+. Even then you can play with your chat turned off most of the time. It's like a single-player MMORPG until you reach Node Wars.- Class balance is so bad that you'd think it was done by Blizzard. Some classes are blatantly worse than a few others overall, even 2 years after release.- Optimization problems. One example is my FPS tanking when I open the marketplace.- Servers can be very laggy especially in large-scale PVP battles. NPC's are buggy sometimes too.- World PVP is dead and Node Wars are filled with drama, and there's no serious endgame PVE. Node Wars PVP is the endgame. This might change eventually.- Abysmal gear enhancement system that revolves around RNG. It will waste you hundreds of hours and billions of silver but you have to do it. This has made the most players quit the game but the devs don't care because it makes them money, since there are cash shop items that help with it which makes the game teeter towards Pay-To-Win.- If you make a new main character you must repurchase things like inventory expansions and weight limits from the cash shop or else you will be at a disadavantage. This is not an alt-friendly game.- Your character's gear will look ugly, or at least worse than everyone else's, if you don't buy an outfit from the cash shop. Not much care was put into the appearance of normal gear in this game, and this seems deliberate in order to make more money. The outfits give major bonuses to encourage buying them even more.- Terrible cash shop practices. A value pack costs $15 a month but you have to purchase $20 in coins since there's no $5 option. Most outfits also cost over $30. Hell no!Summary: This could have been one of the best MMORPG's to come out recently without a few major issues holding it back, which is really unfortunate. This seems like a great game at first, but a couple hundred hours later you will start to see the major flaws that outweigh the good and then you can never go back. From what I've seen the developers are in no hurry to fix most of these problems either, if they even want to.
Subotai	Not Recommended	161.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198006717154/	beatiful game, awful developers...
Terris	Not Recommended	5,824.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/terrisman/	p2w
Whitemire	Recommended	261.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/whitemire/	Why I recommend this gameI have really liked playing this game, its cheap (£6.99), there is a ridiculous amount of content, there is a huge map and I really enjoy the combat. If you like open-world style games or MMORPGs then you will likely enjoy this game!XignCode Anti CheatAs for the XingCode Anti Cheat "RootKit", I really haven't found anything conclusive to say that it is doing anything malicious on my computer, only reviews saying that it does. Please leave a comment with a link or some information if you find otherwise as it does interest me still.One issue I have:In my opinion I don't think there is much in the way of helping new players, the community is where I had to look to understand quite a bit of the game. Here are some videos that I found helpful:Black Desert Online - Ultimate Beginners Guide (TheLazyPeon)Black Desert Contribution Points, Nodes, And You Guide by Professor Gumble (MMOs.com)Black Desert Online - Energy And How To Increase It. (EnderrGames)Black Desert Online - How To Restore Maximum Durability On Gear (Meoni) 
rrspears	Not Recommended	3,415.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198053432402/	Trust me this game is not for free player's.The upgrade sytem will destroy you it's RNG "Random number generated"  it other word's to  tri a item could happen at any time between 35-100...and if it fail's it goes back to duo and you have to do it again and again and again.......You can't even afk train your horse's without some idiot traveling the map just to pk horse trainer's for giggle's.or afk fish they will pk you if your not in a safe area...why cause they can !!!HOW DARE YOU FISH.The community of this game is so toxic it's all homophobic alienware that or some idiot going meow meow meowlincia.1 in 100 player's will actually give you a true answer.Avoid this game at all cost's it will eat you alive in the end.you have been warned !!!IT IS PAY TO WIN and even if you do pay up...trust me the upgrade sytem will take it away make you buy more artisan memory..to contuniue its cash grab.
happymealfighter	Not Recommended	994.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197972855737/	This is a single player game in disguise of a mmorpg. Although the mmorpg part lost all its mmo parts except the grind along other people and get killed along other people at worldbosses.Your only goal in this game is to earn money, money you then spend on random number generated upgrade systems to up your gear. Lifeskills are present and will keep you busy long enough, but nothing more elaborate than that.Additionally they started probing what kind of lootboxes they can add without getting attention. For now they are selling "little monster lootboxes", containing t1 pets with a chance of getting t2-4 pets for the price of one pet.The way this "game as a service" model is applied is zynic. It basically rips features from the get go to sell it later to you when you need it.Here a list of features cut off that you ve to buy later on:-Inventory space, you start with a very small one and get roughly 2x its size once you done the 1st main story-weight limitation, you start as a weakling, barely able to carry his own bones. This limitation limits the time spend grinding since you ve to unload any mob items (that get exceedingly more heavy the more they are worth)-auto-looting, you ve to BUY PETS to auto-loot, each pet costs 1100 pearls (11€)-fast travel, you ve to get a high tiered horse to be able to travel arround the country in a reasonable paceThe cashshop yields your usual mmo stuff, its not directly pay to power but pay for efficiency in grinding. Any costume yields a 10% xp bonus when worn, additional pieces (up to 8) yield even more convenient buffs, but nothing affecting battles.The lvl-race is far over and the unbearable salty community lets you feel that. The gear and level-gap in power between fresh people and veterans is devastating. A geared lvl 62 character cant be hit, due to his evasion value being too high while oneshoting everything that isnt equally geared and leveled.
Kyousuke Azai	Not Recommended	480.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198061403132/	Welcome to the probably prettiest idle game you will ever have a chance of not playing.Black desert is one of those games that makes you go "WHOOOOA" the first few hours, but eventually it simply becomes either an idle game or a grind simulator and I know you might argue that is most of the MMOs, however, I've never seen an MMO where anything takes so much effort, even for something completely meaningless. I mean for crying out loud if you want a decent ship, be ready for over a month worth of mundane tasks for several hours a day. In fact most of everything worthwhile takes either an absurd amount of time spent, we are talking hundreds, maybe even thousands of hours of online time, because when you are offline nothing progresses...because of course it doesn't, or it takes RNG, and I mean RNG upon RNG upon RNG, in most MMOs there always is at least one way of getting the max in something, here...nope, none of that, let's in fact make the random number do the job instead. Couple that with patchy updates that more often than not screw something in the game, ridicilously overprized cash shop (30 bucks for a costume for a single character that you can never trade away or use on anyone else) and excessively hostile player base with the right of killing you at any time while outside the city and you have pretty much this game in a nutshell.That's not me saying it's all bad, unfortunately the good things only ever impress you the first few hours of the game and then you start seeing all of the flaws and oh boy, are there a lot of those.
FFX	Not Recommended	2,299.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198093251604/	you can't play this game without the following items: (note: if you want to buy an item that costs 1.5k pearl(15 euros), you have to spend 20 euros to get 2000 kakao cash, they sell 1k,2k,30k,60k and 10k kakao cash.1) Value pack 15 euros (monthy).2) kamasylvia blessing 15 euros (every 2 weeks).3) weight for your character 50 euros.4) 5 tier 1 pets 12 euros each and you want to breed them to tier 3 so they can loot faster which means 30 euros per t3 pet (if you are lucky!).5)costume for one character 40 euros, I'm sure you want costumes for other chars as well.6) enhancing boss gear is the most painful aspect in the game be cause you can't restore the gear durability that easily, so you need Aritsan memory to help you restore 4 durablitiy of the itme instead of 1, 10 of those= 10 euros.7) now you want preimum horse whistle and so many coupons to reset your Fairy's skills and horse skills when you get T8 horse, also there are various lifeskilling items that you need to buy in order to make progress in the game.OFFTOPIC BUT NOT REALLY( players weren't annoyed by everything i just listed, it's what the devs did recently, on aug 26, they added the cron stones and valks patch to NA server and made it even more p2w, only mentally ill people will say BDO is not p2w, those people need to be taken to the local vet and put down, trust me it's for their own good!
new player	Not Recommended	5,069.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/korKo_/	I've been playing since early autumn 2017, and I've actively invested about 4-10 hours a day since then (plus a bunch of afk hours) along with about 130€ into the game.Until recent patches, I'd have rated this game 8/10, the 2 point deduction stemming mostly from P2W and the pure RNG enhancing system getting tiresome lategame... but hey, since the PvP was so enjoyable it wasn't a big deal to endure it. I used to warmly recommend it to my friends, casual gamers and hardcore nerds alike.With the current state of the game, I'd rate it 2/10 - a waste of electricity to have running even for afk activities.1v1 duels are still kind of okay, but they are a sad slowed down/dumbed down version of what BDO dueling used to be.The recent patches introduced the Renown system (expanding the effect of gear differences) and Superarmor (CC immunity) removal. PvP in BDO is no longer enjoyable, due to crazy imbalance and slowed down pace. The state of the game right now is chaos, with long time players quitting left and right since their classes have been completely broken by recent patches. Because of the current state and pace of PvP in BDO, I've spent the last 3 weeks afk fishing instead of actively fighting people, and I'm finding it harder to answer the question "why do I still have BDO running in my desktop?" every week.Nobody (literally nobody out of around 100 players) that I have spoken to are happy with the recent patches, but the optimistic part of these players are struggling to retain their hope and claim that this is leading somewhere, and all chant "next week, it'll be great again". The chant has been going on for a about a month now, and every weekly patch since it started has only made it worse.If you're contemplating investing time and money into BDO, know that to get to the fun part of the game you need to invest a LOT of time, and a decent amount of money. Some P2W features are in my mind pretty much mandatory to be able to have a decent playing experience:- 4x pets, about 10€ each (you need 5, but I hear beginners get a free pet now? You may also be able to snipe one or two off the marketplace, but no guarantees there)- Some extra carry weight, assuming you can choose a main class and stick to it (since it's a 1 character only investment), maybe around 20€ ish- Costume for leveling bonuses, around 32€ (this is generally pretty obtainable on marketplace though, if you're ready to spend some time and effort bidding on costumes whenever they are sold by other players)Also know that the game is currently at a standstill, because of the (so far failed) combat system rework, so you'll have to trust the developers to get the game back on track by the time you're leveled and geared enough to start having actual fun with endgame combat.
AlphaZorks	Not Recommended	51.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/AlphaZorks/	 Pay 2 Win  
RussLowm	Not Recommended	264.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/russlowm/	+Best Combat in an MMO+Most Beautiful MMO ever-Can't realistically play it as a gamer due to monetization scheming.Suggestion: Re-release as a subcription MMO without any micro transactions and this would be the best MMO on the market.
RussLowm	Not Recommended	264.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/russlowm/	+Best Combat in an MMO+Most Beautiful MMO ever-Can't realistically play it as a gamer due to monetization scheming.Suggestion: Re-release as a subcription MMO without any micro transactions and this would be the best MMO on the market.
♠ Hailz ♠	Not Recommended	1,311.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/haleighstovall/	Pay to win aspects of the game. They do not listen to their community very well.It feels like a mobile game in the way that you have to wait 17 hours (AFK) to achieve a life skill lvl or earn money in game.It starts out as fun and very pretty for 20-30 hours and then its just running in the background for 1200 hours to get anywhere in the game.
Dead Sparrow	Recommended	1,261.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/deadsparrow13/	I afk fish and auto-level various skills and train my character while I'm sleeping. Black Desert has taught me that I'm better at games when I'm not playing. 9/10
Muff diver	Not Recommended	5,227.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/turkeysandwich1221/	FULL PAY 2 WIN IS IN
JackE	Recommended	25.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/JackEcsgo/	the deserts aren't even black
Quesadillah	Recommended	1,910.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Quesadillah/	I have played numerous of MMORPGs for years now, and I definitely recommened playing this game if you enjoy playing MMORPGs, or if you're not very familiar with this genre but want to get into it. For the price, its worth it or the amount of content of gameplay.• There are various choices of different classes and builds depending on your playstyle. • The character creation is very detailed and you can spend a lot of time creating your character if wanted (I spent an hour). • The combat mechanics look and feel amazing, which is my personal favorite of the game. You do combos by remembering key patterns, but luckily there is also a hotbar to place skills like most games of this genre. • The overall graphics design is stunning and looks very clean compared to others. Especially the skill animations.• The story line is interesting, and the main quests and side quests are not ridiculously stressing but more so balanced and rewarding. Some take more time than others. The quests give you equipment, inventory slots, energy, contribution points, and other things to help you with your game progression. • There are unique features such as having workers, crafting, enchanting, and etc. Skills like gathering, fishing, alchemy, cooking, and etc. Similar to Runescape if you are somewhat familiar with the game. The game itself at first is fairly easy to begin with, and in time gets a bit more grindy, talkative, and you travel alot (but thats like any other MMORPG). The grinding (PvE) begins to change as you level higher and higher. 1-56 shouldn't be too difficult. 56 and above is when things REALLY begin to change. Exp rate is... depressing. Very grindy. PvP end game gets pretty crazy and you need to be well prepared/geared. Once you hit level 50, PvP is enabled once you leave safe zones. Be ready for random fights over grinding spots or just because people want to fight lol. Doesn't happen too often, but will happen. This game may have situations that will be confusing to understand and get the hang of things, but as you become more familiar, it becomes extremely addicting to play and full of enjoyment. There is alot to do in this game. Actively playing or while you're away and afk. Whether it is doing life skills or grinding or questing or boss faming. The community is awesome, helpful, and you'll see some funny♥♥♥♥♥stuff on the server chat time to time. Don't go on the RP one..  [I placed links at the bottom that has guides for everything you need to know/learn about in this game. Also links to Discord channels that are specifically for certain classes to get a better understanding on gear, skils, and so forth. I recommend checking them out to learn more and to go to for help if you happen to get stuck with something. Discord groups, Google, YouTube, and the BDO community will be your best friends.]I got this game for 40% off because it was on sale, but it is still really worth it to buy it at full price.. it's only $10 for such an addicting game that has so much to it. Overall, it's a unique MMORPG that is highly enjoyable and has special features compared to other games of this genre which makes it one of a kind. Have a good one guys and hope you enjoy the game! ;)                            vvv LINKS TO GUIDES, DISCORDS, & MORE BELOW! vvv--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Noob/New Player Guide: https://www.reddit.com/r/blackdesertonline/comments/6a1vp6/a_true_bdo_newbie_guide_from_a_newbie/--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Pro/In-Depth Guide:http://dulfy.net/2016/08/05/black-desert-master-guide-list/--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Grinding Locations (By Gearscore):https://www.reddit.com/r/blackdesertonline/comments/5orkr7/answers_faq_about_grinding/--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------BDO Map & Nodes:http://www.somethinglovely.net/bdo/--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------BDO Database:http://bddatabase.net/us/--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Enhancement Guide:http://forum.blackdesertonline.com/index.php?/topic/122642-alexmac-enhancement-guide/--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------                                         Need help with anything for your class?                              Below are links to Discords according to specific classes: Sorceress - https://discord.gg/eF27h7gMusa/Maehwa - https://discord.gg/6ThcWqxNinja/Kuno - https://discord.gg/VSuuF5gRanger - https://discord.gg/HjXSfkfTamer - https://discord.gg/zn6puC6Valk - https://discord.gg/XrzrZznWarrior - https://discord.gg/6s3ZBRNWitch/Wizard - https://discord.gg/tsSvKsGZerker - https://discord.gg/hRXwB2DDark Knight - http://discord.gg/nF6xb3gStriker - https://discordapp.com/invite/aNKNnBJ--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------                                                    Follow my Twitch Channel!:  https://www.twitch.tv/quesadillah ;)
Shlap	Not Recommended	19.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kanti2-0-1/	Its an extremely fun game. Some of the best fun I had in an MMO in years. I refuse to recommend it though because of the silent installation of its rootkit, I mean anti cheat. It scans all the files/paths youve accessed in the past 24-48hours and uploads them to a server for anti-cheat purposes. I get it, I hate cheaters too, but that♥♥♥♥♥♥is unacceptable.
Cha0s	Not Recommended	3,394.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198120941802/	They just announced a way to transform all of your gear to the highest possible level by using the IRL cash-shop. DEAD GAME STAY AWAY.
betterthanyou	Not Recommended	975.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/awesomeprsn1/	Don't get this game. You're going to get so far into it, and then get ♥♥♥♥ked over by the RNG system. I'm telling you right now - look at my hours. LOOK AT IT. I had almost 1,000 hours in this game, just to realize, in order to improve, you have to fail (literally) many many many many times. The roadblock is going to hit you hard, and you are going to regret this game.Once again, DON'T get this game. You will regret it 700 hours in.
TOOfunkedUP	Not Recommended	300.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198042229072/	NegativesSpending money on certain cash shop items will make certain activities easier or quicker (e.g. weight increases, pets, and maids make grinding easier by reducing the need to manage your inventory) or provide you with other bonuses. You may be able to earn similar bonuses for free, but it may also take a decent or long amount of time to do soThe class balance is terrible. In terms of grinding, small-scale PVP, and large-scale PVP, some classes are well known to be much stronger than others. Every game has balance issues, but IMO the balance issues in this game are fairly severeThe UI is unintuitive and messy. You can fix this to a degree using the UI customization toolsMy framerate would dip significantly whenever a large number of players are around (usually in certain towns and at bosses)Updates brought little in the way of new content or requested fixes/changes in my experience, especially compared to other online multiplayer gamesRNG is involved in way too many aspects of the game. Be prepared for strings of bad luck that can undo your previous progressPurchasing essential items off the marketplace is a frustrating, time consuming experience, and the marketplace UI lags in certain situationsMany mechanics are poorly or not at all explained by the game, and can only be understood thanks to players who went to the effort to do their own tests and post the results onlineIn my time playing I saw no significant progress on these issuesPositivesThe graphics are quite good. The terrain looks nice, the particles and effects on abilities are awesome, the different enemies are fairly interesting visuallyThe map is fairly large. I'm not sure how it compares to other MMOs, but it seemed adequate to meThe combat system is quite interesting. Attacks are executed with different button combinations, and different attacks can be strung together into combination to achieve optimal DPS or CCThe character customization is amazing. You can create your own character appearances, or search through and download other players' creations. The depth of customization is unmatched in other games as far as I'm awareNotesCompared to other multiplayer games I've played I found the devs weren't very communicative or responsive, however other players have disagreed with me on this. I could certainly be wrong about this, so I don't want to list it as a negativeThere are a large variety of other activities you can do, such as fishing, farming, cooking, gathering resources, etc. In my experience these activities weren't very interesting, but you may like them. You might try looking up videos of these activities and judging for yourselfThis game is both massive and complex. I'm sure someone could easily write a ten thousand word review of this game. Thus, I certainly haven't covered every aspect, and what I have covered is incompleteThis review won't remain up to date as the game changes, since I've stopped playing itConclusionI didn't hate this game, but enough things annoyed me about it that I no longer wanted to play it, and thus I wouldn't recommend it. To me, this game feels like wasted potential.
Str3s5	Not Recommended	4,979.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198028012171/	Fun game... it was, great combat system with some balance issues, but from now on you can basically max out your gear with $$
LanceHavenbay	Not Recommended	634.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198043516124/	Absolute grindfest. What bothers me the most, isn't that this game is a terrible game. What bothers me the most is that this game holds SO MUCH potential. Instead of writing quests, the game is chock full of "kill 500 of this" for literally almost every quest. To make things worse, the game, in every aspect is grind. Not the time of grind where you accomplish things. The type of grind that wrenches your soul. Every second, to be slightly productive, there is massive grind. The only thing you can do that isn't grind, is afk fish. Oh, and even that is for grind because the game has SO MUCH GRIND that you cannot move ahead without spending even your away time grinding. You can reach the soft cap in this game pretty quickly, but that's still pretty pointless as every mob you face is insanely stronger than you until you gear up. Everything in the past will die if you look at it. Good luck playing catch up for pvp, or much any kind of content in this game because it is also entirely gear/stat based. There is no end point, there is no max level, top gear. Everything is grind. I want to love this game, but as beautiful as it is and as stunning as the combat is... this game is a shallow attempt to pull players in and make them feel like they need to spend money to shorten the amount of endless grind the game has. Avoid this game at all costs unless you enjoy spamming your numpad for 8 hours a day just so you can sit at the merchant and sell your loot, rinse and repeat. That's your start, that's your end-game. Good luck.
Edgar | Beatjx | skinhub.com	Recommended	36.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/beatjx/	===[ ❤ Audience: ]===☐ Kids☐ Everyone☑ Casual players☑ Pro players===[ ☼ Graphics: ]===☐ Potato☐ Really bad☐ Bad☐ OK☑ Good☑ Beautiful☐ Masterpiece===[ $ Price/quality: ]===☐ Full price☑ Wait for sale☐ Average☐ Refund it if you can☐ Don't do it===[ ☣ Requirments: ]===☐ 90' PC☐ Minimum☑ Medium☑ Fast☐ High end☐ NASA computer===[ ☼ Difficulty: ]===☐ You just need 2 arms☐ Ez☑ Easy to learn / Hard to master☑ Hard (first few hours)☐ GOD DAMN I HATE THIS!===[ ۞ Game time/length ]===☐ Really short ( 0 - 2 hours)☐ Short ( 2 - 8 hours)☐ Few hours ( 8 - 12 hours)☐ Long ( 12+ hours)☑ Endless===[ ♬ Story] ===☐ It doesn't have☑ Still better than Twilight☐ Average☐ Good☐ Fantastic===[ § Bugs ]===☐ Game itself is one big BUG☐ Bugs destroying the game☐ Lot of bugs☐ Few Bugs☑ You can use them for speedrun☐ Nothing===[ ✦ Others: ]===Multiplayer: YESSingleplayer: NOYou can also copy and use the review ! ! !
Naaris	Not Recommended	3,215.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198026705042/	 Black Desert Online https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1237687326 At the moment of this review I have played for 3215 hours. You can say... 1/4 of that time is active play and 3/4 afk game. Do I think this game is good and can I recommend it? Well... my left hand is trying to write Yes and my right hand No.  I'll try to explain myself with this review but I would say YES but don't spend more than 5€/10€ and don't buy anything ingame and NO if you want to play seriously, right now you have better games where spend your time. A few words about this game? It's not BlackDesert, It's BlackHole, this game absorbs you really  deep https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1302928415Graphics: This game has a really awesome graphics. Probably is the best it has, along with the OST and the COMBAT system. Recently has been an update improving all the graphics, so beautiful and really good fits it.Music: Really good, a lot of tracks and nicely done OST. https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1331249887Story: ... Not sure there is a story. Well, there's one but... really poor, I can't name it "story", maybe a shortale?Gameplay: As I already said, the combat system is really good, forget about other MMOS, BDO has an unique combat system, with moves of keys and combos of chain attacks. It is very fun and each class changes completely, so it is advisable to take a class and level it to the highest level. The endgame is PVP, well you can play PVE but the game has no instances, just worlds bosses and missions, at the end you get bored. AND the grind system and enchanting system sucks... for real. I won't say more because this review will be a really huge one (not my style) and when I started to play this game, well... never, never, never before I have been watching so many Youtube videos learning to play, to enchant, to combat, to craft , to grind, to breathe... so if you want to play and you want to learn more... youtube will be your best friend. Negative point: Well, as you probably know, with the last updates the game has become (for real) a p2w game. Now, you can pay for benefits that affect the game itself, so KAKAO, NO thanks. This game... invites you to be AFK: fishing, running, training your horse... so yes, you are not playing (because you are sleeping or at work) but the numbers say that you are playing, that's KAKAO'S cheat, they say: there are 3.000.000 of players online right now... but no 
jellyfishlion	Recommended	1,286.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jellyfishlion/	Here's an updated review since I've played way more of the game so far. Old review is a sort of TL;DR at the bottom.I honestly can't remember the last time I fell so hard for a game. Dear goodness. I'm in love guys, save me.Pros/things I like:- The world is GORGEOUS! This is a game that's simply pleasant to spend time in. The sunsets are beautiful. The mountains have a real sense of scale (only ever felt like that to me in Skyrim). Mobs are situated in locations that make sense (nagas reside in their river camp, imps are tucked away among the hills, etc). They don't feel like they've just been dropped there. It all just feels alive. You can (literally) lean up against a fence, listen to some NPCs chat about stuff, watch players move goods through the town.- Combat is very fluid and satisfying. Even though most mobs pre-level 40 are hilariously easy, it's still fun to drop fireballs on that and summon an earthquake from below their feet (I play wizard).- It's actually very much a sandbox and content is gated behind meaningful barriers. A few activities cost energy (which regenerates over time and you get a ton of as you play), such as gathering, but it doesn't feel overly restrictive. Want to cook? You're only limited by your ingredients and perhaps your skill. Armor can be worn by all classes and provides set effects - there's no level limit either. Instead, you access it by killing stronger mobs and getting drops or by saving your silver to purchase it (both options are very doable).- Interesting system that lets you buy houses in towns to use for personal space, a workstation, etc using contribution points. Help the villagers? Cool, you're allowed a house here. Need to move? Withdraw your points from that house and drop 'em somewhere else. Very fun to decorate too.Cons/things I don't like:- Some potential issues with p2w items. You cannot "win" by dropping loads of money on the game. You can, however, make life easier by speeding along your progress (buying inventory space, pets to auto loot, etc). Some argue that this is p2w, most agree it's more pay for convienence.- Some classes are gender locked. I guess this is just an Asian MMO thing. It sucks but at least the character creator is awesome and you can make yourself look great no matter what.- The quests/plot are really just decent. Playable, not very memorable though. I think the main quest suffers a bit from having been translated, honestly. I feel like there's just something missing. Even if you don't love the story, though, I'm sure you'll love the world.Old review (keeping it because it's still relevant):This is easily one of the most beautiful games I've ever played. Combat is fluid and satisfying. The world really does feel "alive" like they say, with players going about their business, NPCs idly chatting (many of whom have their own unique lines and even cutscenes when you meet them). I spent about 8 hours on my first day running around smacking goblins as some scraggly grey-robed wizard and I loved every minute of it. I'm taking it all reaaally slowly for now, just absorbing the sheer amount of detail and content there is to the game. This game is a steal even when not on sale. I highly recommend it, if only to walk across the gorgeous landscape and throw a few spells around. If the devs treat this game right, I can see it having a long, happy life with lots of players. I'll update this as I get further and experience more like PvP.TL;DR - Game's far from perfect but dear goodness is it beautiful. Come for the character creator, stay for the sun setting behind Calpheon while you feed your mount and plot a course to your favorite fishing grounds.I'll keep updating as I play more and learn more.
[M]urray	Not Recommended	394.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197976548259/	The game concept was amazing the 1st 3 days I played it with 3 of my friends... we tryed different grind spots, leveling up and getting some gear here and there was very interesting then we joined a guild, I must say EVERYONE in the guild RainingHostias was lovely and so friendly that they made me stay ingame for a while since playing with them was awesome.now to the reasons that made me quit playing the game.bought the game for 6€ to find that the real price of the game is minimun 46€ if you want to grind you WILL NEED 4 pets (10€ each) to loot for you or die pressing "R" key for endless looting turning yourself into a not efficient at all player in partys...so yeah we are on 46€ if you got the game on the 6€ sale. lets carry on...the more your grind the more you start to feel like you need to buy the Value Pack which is a 30 days buff that gives you more inventory slots, carrying capacity and removes your -30% penalty from Marketplace sales. What does it mean? well if you want to sell items to other players in the market place you will get no cut from the game system if you paid the 15€/month value pack which turns into a something you WILL NEED or feel like you are loosing money on every single item you sell...ok then for grinding and selling drops on market place in a 100% eficient way we are now on 46€ once + 15€/monthonce you get to understand the "life" and "tradeskills" you start leaving your character AFK the whole time you are not actively playing it, which somehow feels like the game wants you to be more time AFK than playing... (if you pay for your electrics bills watchout) this game would have a much better AFK system just doing a mobile app to do some stuff instead of the kinda-like-a-real-job AFK system that makes come back to the computers every hour if your haven´t got the 15€/month Value Pack becaouse your character wont have that much carrying capacity and inventory slots for AFK work... the above was about the basics on the game and money...worst than anything above... the game bacame incredibly boring once everything is clear and you know what to do... you stop discovering new things and concepts... the game is all about going to a spot to grind like Sausans, Pirates... whatever it is just killing for hours the same mobs over and over to get silver... with that silver you buy as much as posible of the enchancement materials to improve your equipment (if RNG allows you to) to go back to the grinding for better gear over and over again...oh BTW how came you developers didn´t add the feture to change the worker´s names? if was rly annoying to know who was working where...well ok let´s say it happens to you the same that happened to me... I´ve got bored of the AFK system and the grinding and all I wanted is to kill other players... riiiiight the same week I decided to turn into a... more pvp active player they made a patch that will turn you PK (which makes you Kill on sight to guards) if you kill more than 3-4 players ... ok then I was aiming for node wars but I´ve got no fun there as I like more small scale pvp...if you have plenty of money to spend (and trust me Life skills can eat your wallet) and love the concept of a game character generating millions of silver passively while you are at work or sleeping and then you don´t mind spending all that money in 1 hours failing to upgrade your gear... and you rly rly rly like to be killing the same mobs for 5 hours/day THIS IS A GAME FOR YOU!but...not for me :)sorry if my english wasn´t clear enought... thanks for reading and hope you manage to enjoy this game in a way I could not.
tenfootgoatman	Not Recommended	688.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198006631581/	Its a nice looking game with a lot to offer but unfortunately the Publisher Pearl Abyss inspite of repeated promices not to include a spacifiic  game breaking pay to win mechanic called a Valks' Cry in the western version of the game went back on their word and recently announced they were including it . The company behind this game has proven they cannot be trusted so I cannot recommend this game unless you are the type of person who likes to boost his character with his credit card rather than with gameplay .
SolitaryTiger	Not Recommended	2,719.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SolitaryTiger/	First, let's cover what Black Desert Online (BDO) is.  This game is a sandbox RPG in an online shared world where PVP and occasional cooperative PVE happen.[[ Note: One of the bigger draws of the game is the ability of a guild to control a node and defend this ownership through nodewars.  Since I didn't participate in that system this review does not cover that topic.]]BDO is not a typical MMORPG in the vein of WoW -- there is no instanced group content (save for "savage rift" which is a tower defense mode recently added).  There is no ability to trade items (other than food and potions, which then bind to the receiving player) between players, so your lifeskills are mainly useful for what they can provide you.  There is no way, for instance, for you to make and gift an item to your friends or guildmates in the game.  Market prices in game are regulated by the developers and only move up and down through a proscribed range for the item over time.  This has the effect of making some items overpriced and, the more common effect, of useful items being sold out on the market as the people producing them don't feel the market price adequately rewards them for the time to create or farm the item.    This does have the effect of eliminating "Gold Selling" like you see in the more traditional market systems, but mostly just serves as frustration.THE GOOD: 1. BDO is a very nice looking game.2. The Combat system is beautiful and fluid.3. The life skills systems are varied and distinct, but ultimately pretty shallow.4. The classes actually "feel" different for the most part (exception being opposite gendered classes witch/wizard, kuno/ninja)5. Gear can be moved and shared between characters on your account, so you only have to collect and level a single set if you're willing to move it around.6. You get tons of content for the $10 asking priceTHE BAD:1. The game has a really neat "empire building" system where you have workers all over the map gathering resources which you can process or craft into things worth selling on the marketplace (or just sell the raw materials for others to use for these purposes).  Unfortunately the workers only work when you are logged into the game, which means you'll want to leave your computer on 24/7 to get the most benefit from this system.2. The game also encourages you to leave your character logged in to process or fish or do some other afk crafting activity to make the most of those resources your workers are gathering.3.  As stated above, the game is gorgeous, however, the engine was developed in house by the team that made the game.  This means that issues such as pop-in that are issues even on advanced and well funded engines by other developers are *extreme* here.   This is made even worse as you get better horses and move through the terrain faster.  In addition, the PVP is hindered by constant de-sync which makes your timing sensitive grabs and knockbacks miss because the server doesn't agree that the enemy was where it appeared on your screen.4. RNG inside RNG inside RNG.  What do I mean? -- drops/loot tables are random, once you have an item you can upgrade without issue to 5 or 7 levels, after which you have a chance of failure which lowers max item durability which you have to repair before you can level further (there are ways to fail stack and minimize this loss on valuable items but the entire system is a huge pain).  Once you finally get the gear to +15, you then get to use a more expensive item which can also fail to upgrade (and cause a larger loss of item durability) to get to PRI (+16) and DUO (+17).  From this point on, not only can you fail an upgrade, but the item which fails to upgrade will actually go down in quality.  That is if you are going from DUO to TRI (+18) and fail, your item actually goes back down to PRI (+16) in addition to eating your upgrade mats and durability.  The entire system is designed to make you hate life.  (Again as stated above, some view this as a positive, as you only have to do it once and can then move the equips (other than weapons) among your characters.)5. More RNG -- one of the cooler life skills is Training whereby you capture wild horses and level them up to breed or sell to other players.  Here you have RNG on the capture (including what level the horse you've tamed is).  Then as you level the horses further the skills which the horse learns are random from a pool that varies based on the tier or quality of the horse.  There's no in-game method to change these skills other than getting a new horse and trying again.  (but there's a cash shop item that will let you swap one skill for another random one -- you could literally use hundreds of these items at about $2.50 a pop to get a Courser, or a horse which happens to have all the correct skills to get this coveted status.)  You need a T8 courser to *try* for the new super horses like the Pegasus -- it's yet another layer of RNG on whether it upgrades.  And even if it does, you lose your T8 Courser you probably spent hundreds of dollars making because it "Awakens" into the pegasus.  By the way you then get to level the pegasus from 1 to 30 again without the guarantee that it will relearn the skills it had before you awakened it.6. Cash Shop Prices -- I'm not a huge fan of the proliferation of this business model -- but it seems it is the new normal, where even subscription based games like WoW have them.  With the $10 asking price of this game I don't fault the developers for having another revenue stream.  I do fault them for the insane pricing of the items though.  One thing every player will need is pets -- pets run around behind your character and loot items for you -- everyone will need 4 and they cost $10 each, so basically the game starts at $50.  The other items on the store consist of $30 outfits for a single character on your account which might enable crafting from the town bank or just give a 10% exp boost to your character.  These are bound to your character so even if you create another character of that same class the outfit cannot be moved once you've equipped it once.  There's also the typical storage space increases and bag space increases for the packrats and you can get by without those if you don't focus on certain lifeskills.  That also goes along with the horse training items (including costumes for both the player ($20+) and horses($20), skill resets ($2-3), appearance change ($9), and breeding and death counter resets for horses in the $5 range).  Maybe you think these prices are okay -- I certainly don't and even after spending around $200 total on the game between pets and maid and storage space increases I still don't feel I got my money's worth from the purchases.TLDR: BDO could be an excellent game, but it is undone by the blatant cash grabs in the shop, questionable design choices and finicky engine.
Bullethose	Not Recommended	5,829.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Bulletserywhere/	P2W which devalues any joy from the grind, customization and pvp avoid this game
de5ync	Recommended	264.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/de5ync/	HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥!!! I'm blown away by this game, for the 6 bucks this is one of the best mmorpgs I've played. The combat is amazing!! You really get to feel like a badass flipping around doing all this crazy♥♥♥♥♥over the top martial arts♥♥♥♥♥♥ The character customization is mind blowing, you could literally log MULTIPLE hours just customizing your character if you wanted to. The graphics are top notch and other than some frame drop in big cities it runs like butter on my sorta fancy but not really fancy machine. I'm rocking a GTX 950 with 2 GB ram on it. No issues logging in, no issues at all. For $6 I am EXTREMELY satisfied and look forward to playing the absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥out of this game.
Victrix	Not Recommended	289.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Victrix1st/	Hey, I've played this game for 250-300 hours, and I've come to the conclusions that this game is really bad. Like really, really bad. I'll try to keep the review simple to the best of my ability, whilst still giving the reader and good understanding of the negatives of the game.Getting from level 1-56 is an easy thing to do, there's not a lot of complex leveling requirements, but past level 56 it gets substantially harder, and takes much longer. for example, playing on a "returning player" server (+200% xp), as well as using xp scrolls, (around a total of 250% xp), for an hour of same level grinding with okay-good gear, only gives you about 3-5% of the entire xp bar on each level past 56, it also goes down after each level, so once you get to 58-59, you will only get about 0.5-1% xp per hour of grinding. The game is really grind heavy at higher levels, which is a big negative for me.Pay to Win, but still a chance you can get bent over by RNG!RNG IS ANNOYING * The game is very RNG, all the time. If you want to upgrade your armor/weapons it requires black stones (there are 2 types of stones armor/weapon stones). upgrading accessories requires another accessory of the same type. The upgrade itself is not guaranteed at all, it is a chance to proc an upgrade. When you fail, the durability of the item goes down by 10 (total of 100 dura on each item). You can repair the durability, but you need a blacksmith NPC and another item of the same type to repair 10 dura each repair. Upgrading Items Sucks * Since the upgrading process for items is RNG, there's a function in the game called "failstacking", where you take another piece of armor, or a weapon and keep failing to upgrade it so you can boost the chance of upgrading another item. The problem with this is when you are trying to failstack on another item, to upgrade your equipped item, you have a chance of proccing on the failstack item, which removes all of your "failstacks". You have to use black stones to failstack, which gets really expensive.Item Levels are fine, but the upgrade process sucks * weapons and armor have 20 max levels, 1-15 are the regular levels, and 16-20 are the higher levels. for 1-15 you use regular black stones, which already costs a significant amount of money in the first place because the market system is messed up (i'll explain later). levels 16-20 costs even more than 1-15 because you need "special" black stones, called Sharpened Weapon Stones, and Hardened Armor Stones. These stones cost 3-4 times as much as regular stones, and the chance that you can "snipe" them off the market, is next to nothing, because the market system is sucky, and there could be a chance that people use market bots to snipe items.Market system Sucks * The market system in the game works by a bidding system, but the bidding system is complete RNG. When you want to buy an item, the lowest priced items have to be bid on, you can't buy anything that's listed if there's already a lower price item listed, so you can't skip the bidding process. When you bid, each person that bids is given a chance to win the bid, There could be 10 people bidding, or 100 people bidding on the same item. once a person wins the bid, they can buy the item. There is a pre-order function where you list the amount ur willing to buy, and the price for each item your willing to buy, but if somebody has a higher preorder than you, they get the item first (it's competitive) although it's not guaranteed at all, you don't get a guaranteed item if you have the highest preorder, items still have a large chance to go to the bid.Items in Market are price fixed * The developer of the game price fixes items in the game, giving them a max price and a min price, many of the popular items are fixed to have a minmax that is the same value, such as a weapon black stone's price is min 300,000, and max 300,000. This means that items that should be much lower in value on the market, are inflated by the developers so they can have more control over the game's markets.Grinding for Black Stones is Hell on earth * The chance of black stones dropping from enemy mobs is really low, about 1-5% chance on most mobs. This means the most black stones you can get in a day is really low as well. You would think there would be a bunch of quests that you can get black stones from daily, which is wrong. Most daily quests do not give you black stones. the only quests that give you black stones are the quests in which you recieve tokens called "seals", I did a few of them, and then they stopped popping up, and i couldn't complete any more of them. So you only have a certain amount of black stones you can get in the first place. Eventually the most reliable way of getting black stones is purchasing them through the market. Which really sucks because they cost significantly more than they should, because getting them is hard af. and they are price fixed.Black stones are rare, and you need a bunch to upgrade armor, but it's not a guarantee because of RNG, so you could waste more than 50 black stones just to get enough failstacks to upgrade a weapon from +17 to +18. easily, getting a weapon or armor to +20 will require over 1000 black stones, it's extreme RNG just to upgrade your gear so you can fight mobs and not die all the time.Ways to downgrade items so u can keep failstacking on them * the only way i know of to donwgrade an item so you can resume failstacking, is you have to create and alt, below level 10, and kill a horse to get negative karma, then you have to die with negative karma and your +15 armor will downgrade to +14. That's a whole lot of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ just to resume failstacking. it's dumb af.The looting system is dumb af * There is no area loot in the game, it's done on a 1 by 1 basis, so you have to keep going around clicking your loot key to loot all the dead mobs.The only way to speed this up is buying a "pet" which is a little companion that goes around looting for you. But the catch is, the pet doesn't area loot, it does loot by the same 1 by 1 basis. And each pet costs $10 USD. $10 USD for a pet that only picks up one loot node every 10 seconds max, you can get them to do it every 4 seconds, but that's after the pet levels up to level 30, which takes a long♥♥♥♥♥time to do. you can have a max of 4 pets at a time, so $40 USD gets you enough pets to pick up 4 loot nodes every 4-10 seconds.$40 for a function that should be free by implementing area loot like in all the other MMOs i've played. SWTOR lets you area loot everything in a 100 mile radius for FREE!So the game is semi-pay to win, meanig you have to invest money in it if you want to have a good time, but even if you invest money, you are still going to get F***** by RNG and waste tons of stones, which means tons of time investing in the game amounts to nothing because you can't even upgrade your items from +15 to +20 without spending almost all of your bank money in-game.Grinding for upgrade stones is♥♥♥♥♥♥ the microtransactions are♥♥♥♥♥♥ the market is♥♥♥♥♥♥ the game itself is even poorly optimized.I have a i5-4690k which is OCed, and a AMD r9 gaming GPU (8 gb gddr5) along with a lot of other good components, but every time I go near a city, it fails to load the cells and I get stuck in a graphical tear for about 15 seconds before the cells load.Thank god i only spent $9 USD to buy the game, but I really wish I didn't spend $10 on that stupid ♥♥♥♥ing pet. That $10 could have gotten me something else, much more useful.
Berenike	Not Recommended	10,194.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198059230742/	Don't ♥♥♥♥ing do it
Obscure	Not Recommended	12.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Obscuuuure/	This game has gone full Pay2Win. Avoid at all costs.
YOGZULA	Not Recommended	546.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/yogzula/	Great combat.  Best of any MMO.  Terrible♥♥♥♥♥♥grinding mechanics, if you're a new player you will never have a good time.  Even if you engage in the vast ammount of p2w this game now covets, you'll still never catch up.  It will take you many many hours per day every day for months to come close.BDO was borderline playable until recently when they upped the p2w to the moon and now it's just like any other♥♥♥♥♥♥korean mmo with a bad NA publisher who cares more about a small group of people willing to swipe credit cards as opposed to a large playerbase that keeps the game alive and community healthy.Do yourself a favor and stay away.EDIT:  clarification required, in detail, for people saying BDO isn't P2W.  Below is my exact problems with this game.I'll clarify something a bit - yes, most korean mmos are grindy.  Here's what to expect with BDO.  You'll start playing and you'll be excited about how good the graphics are and how great the combat is.  Grinding and questing doesn't feel bad because the combat is genuinely good and it even feels fun for a while to grind.  Then you reach level 56-57.  You get your awakening weapon, but you are extremely far from having anywhere close to good enough gear for PvP.  You have a few options for grinding.  Profession based grinding is either done AFK and doesn't make much money, or you do something like processing which still doesn't make a lot of money at first but will cost you real USD cash to buy things like a costume, inventory space and weight limit to make it possible and efficient.To grind anything else you need pets.  You are looking at a mandatory 30 dollars at least for 3 extra pets.  You probably want 5, one you get free, so another 10 dollars.  You also need a value pack, so a mandatory 15 dollars (monthly fee) on top of that.  That alone isn't so bad.  Now you need to choose where to grind.  Sausans is your only real option outside of the Desert and it's miserable.  It's incredibly populated, people will cut your rotations constantly and you will get ganked a lot.  You won't have the gear to defend yourself there.  So now you need to go to the desert.  You're looking at Bashims, Naga or Fogans.  Bashims has 1 or 2 decent rotations which are almost always being grinded, so you can never just chill and run a rotation, you're constantly competing for the spot.  Nagas has a ton of rotations, but those too are often contested just about everywhere because there's just not enough places to grind.  If you're still on Olvia servers, you won't yet realize this.  It's once you leave Olvia servers that this becomes a problem.Your last option is Fogan, who are way the ♥♥♥♥ out in the desert and if you want to grind those you need to pay 30 dollars for the cash shop tent item to make it worth it.  There isn't any vendor NPCs nearby to dump your inventory or repair your gear, so you'll be taking long trips through the desert and it's pretty miserable.So if you grind a few hours a day on mobs (to level skills, which you need, but also make money) and you spend every moment logged in doing professions AFK or in down time, it will still take you at least 3 months to have gear that is good enough to PvP, and you'll still be disadvantaged doing it.  The real P2W comes in the form of Artisan's memory which saves you billions of silver on the way to getting the highest end gear (billions of silver is a ♥♥♥♥ing lot of silver) and makes the gear progression SIGNIFICANTLY quicker.On top of that, you can buy cash shop items and sell them on the marketplace to directly convert your USD into silver.  How is that not P2W?  You tell me.  Don't be fooled, just because cash shop items are being listed on the market place does not mean you can buy them.  You can win maybe one in 100 auctions for something, and that will require you to have marketplace notifications set up and to be in a town near a marketplace when things get listed, so that means you aren't farming or doing something else productive, just sitting staring at your screen waiting for a MP item to be listed that you have less than a 1% chance of getting.That's the game that BDO is.  Anyone telling you otherwise is full of♥♥♥♥♥♥
Chenpai	Not Recommended	1,059.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Chenpls/	Nasty model imported from korea. Afk is your priority here. A huge base investment is required to play on a non-stressing level. I bought the game just to leave this review, had over 10k hours clocked, which is easy in a game that promotes leaving it on the entire year.- Buy to play with subscription on top and major base investment is required to gain major advantages- Crit fails on gear, meaning you can lose enhancement progress built up- Advantage purchases to increase the accessibility to perform said enhancements- Hidden gambling system regarding the pets- Desync issues still apparent 2 years after the release- Not alot of co-op gameplay availability for an mmo, strangely- Advertised as PvP game from the early teasers, it shows major lack in proper balancing and it seems current PvP events are all hugely large-group based if not "instanced".In summary it's Runescape HD. With as much or as little micro-managing and theory crafting as you want. But that cashshop is ridiculous+ Nice graphics that can run smooth outside major citiesIf you're not bothered by progression that takes literal months to advance you might like it tho.
Noobja	Recommended	1,443.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/IMIRONICALLYEDGY/	Everything in this review is based off of my experiences and are my opnions, you may disagree and the only way to get a good feel of the game is to try it yourselfApart from the RNG cesspool and the Alienware circle jerk/rant parties In chat, Black Desert has a lot to offer. After a month of playing this game with 250 hours of my life stripped from me, I'm writing this review with two level 56 classes, a few hours invested into life skill and a Gear score of 330 which is mediocre at best.Introduction: There are currently 14 classes in the game that fit any playstyle imaginable. When the game starts you wake up with your chosen class having "lost" your memories. Following this inconvenience, you're prompted to learn your class skills and explore the starting area for the first few hours. I recommended to follow the main quest line for your first character since it gives inventory spaces and contribution points which will come in handy later in the game. Through out your first days of Black Desert you will be spoonfed money and gear and it might delude some into thinking they're set for life, suprise! you're not. After a few weeks of exploring and questing you would eventually hit level 56, this is where everything is about to change. Rookie rewards end, gear upgrades become more expensive and tedious and you'll have to figure out ways to obtain money by yourself. On the bright side, you become "awakened" which is essentially your character getting his/her memories back. You unlock a new set of skills and a new weapon which is a welcomed breath of refreshment after hours of spamming the same abilities.Pros and Cons:Pros:- Fluid combat system- Dynamic weather and day/night cycle- Beautiful environment- In depth life skills- Steady character progression- Detailed character customization- Simple yet detailed worker mechanics- Jiggle physics- Large scale Guild vs Guild battles------------------------------------- No fast travel (makes the game immersive but also inconvenient)------------------------------------Cons:- Heavy microtransactions- Constant laggy servers due to player overload Servers are a lot better now as of 6/29- RNG everything.- Gender locked characters.Conclusion: Black Desert Online Is a MMO that treads away from some of the unwritten laws of a generic MMO. Gear progression and No fast travel are just some of the things that make Black Desert unique in my eyes. Black Desert is a game everyone can enjoy whether they prefer active online PvPing or just casual life skilling, and yes it is possible to get good at the game without obtaining a neckbeard. Final Rating: 8/10 :)EDIT: Pretty much endgame at this point... It wasn't worth it
Robert	Not Recommended	10.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198099077880/	If you want a life of any sort, I suggest not playing this game. To become competitive in PvP you will need to devote thousands upon thousands of hours of grinding and RNG. If you get unlucky with your RNG, it will reverse possibly hundreds of hours of grinding that you did before hand. The game wants you to leave your computer on so your account can progress while you're AFK which will also make your electric bills stupid expensive.NOTE: I devoted hundreds of hours to this game before it hit steam.
Zerenade	Recommended	1,311.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/zerenade1/	- Really cheap / No monthly cost!- A really cool Node System!- Amazing Crafting Features!- Probably the best Combat System you can find a game!- Amazing Abilites / Effects!- Energy | Contribution | House | Investment | Workers | Horse Breeding | Day / Night Circle!- A well made WorldMap!- I remember I cried when I first got my Awakening ;p
Nigel Higgenbottoms	Recommended	534.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/LucastheMusician/	Pros:-Excellent Combat-Excellent Leveling System-Options outside of combat are well put together (Crafting, fishing, sailing, riding, et cet)-Multiple characters (So you never get tired of one playstyle)-Guilds are funCons:-Grindy-Servers are prone to lagging-Slowly becoming more Pay2Win-Large amount of time investment to get to the better parts of the game-Terrible Voice ActingI'm rather mixed about this game, but I think that it's at least worth a try.
[horse whinnies]	Not Recommended	1,094.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198387399090/	Ever played a Korean MMO before? This one's no different, apart from a slightly above average character creator (which still isn't varied enough). The biggest question on everyone's mind when they start a new mmo is probably "Is it pay to win?" The answer sort of depends on how much of a naive fool you are and whether you think p2w is only if you can buy weapons or armour from the cash shop (lol). Can you buy weapons or armour from the cash shop? No.Can you swipe your card and convert the stupid online currency into in-game money? Yes, but it is limited.The pay to win in this game is dishonestly hidden behind severely gimping your character unless you pay for "convenience" items, and it's all cleverly tied together.There's no porting between places on the map. It's all travelled on foot or by horse, and you're forced to regularly travel huge distances to empty your inventory (which you can pay to upgrade in the cash shop)  thus reducing your inhibiting weight limit (which can also be upgraded in the cash shop) and selling the massive amounts of trash items your pets have looted (pets which are bought from, you guessed it, the cash shop). The dread of having to travel from one side of the map to your hometown every time you hit these imposed limits will force an ultimatum on you: either get your card out, or stop playing. I get the impression a lot of people do both, there's a load of really salty people in the game and it's not just because of the competitive pvp, I think it's a lot to do with the fact they have bitter tastes in their mouths about having to pay so much to enjoy the game so they feel they have to keep playing to get their money's worth. It's a toxic environment to say the least.So there's a base price (pay to play), if-we're-being-honest essential cash shop purchases (pay to win), and there's also a disguised monthly subscription in the form of a cash shop item which grants buffs and prevents the game from robbing you of 30% of all the items you sell on the marketplace. You're basically paying the base price of the game to play a rather good demo version of it.The online numbers are artificially inflated by "always online" mechanics, which reward you for leaving your PC on 24/7 and gaining advantages while you're afk. Because of this, Steam numbers are falsely represented.The gear gap is ridiculous. You can grind for months and still not be able to take more than 2 hits in 19/20 of your PVP encounters. Buying gear from the marketplace is expensive and difficult to get anything to PVP in... though it's ok if all you want to do is "safe" PVE within your below-average gearscore range.People with twice your gearscore will constantly PK you when you're farming and accuse you of griefing them, like it's somehow your fault they're PKing you to bully you out of your spot.There is next to nothing to help new players get into PVP or any of the fun stuff, you'll be useless trash for months getting stomped in every orifice and I don't necessarily mind that in other, non-Korean import MMO's games but here it's largely due to the gear, not due to the skill.Many basic things in the game are very tedious and time consuming - deleting items from your inventory, selling items, switching things to storage from inventory, configuring game settings and hotkeys, inviting people to parties, registering multiple items on the marketplace... it's all too many uneccessary clicks hidden behind multiple menus and poor English translations.Thanks, I feel better now. Back to the grind... (got to get my money's worth).
Abz | discord.gg/z7jQSVz	Recommended	205.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/xabzzx/	 I give Black Desert Online: 8.5/10 Total time before Steam release: 70+ (Estimate)Note: I've played this game before steam release with 6 characters on soft cap and 1 over soft cap SPOILER FREE! In a world of fantasy where travellers set out on their own journey of adventure. Where they travel from one settlement to another in search of a better life. They meet other fellow trailers along the way and cherish the memories that they have along with them. Welcome to Black Desert Online. Pros Combat: The combat and classes in this game is very promising and special. It's action combat at its finest. This game makes you feel really bad♥♥♥♥♥with the amount of diverse classes that it has although some of them are gender locked. The combat revolves around you levelling up and as you level up, you get to unlock more powerful skills within you respective role.Graphics: Most MMORPG games have very bad graphics, not in black desert online though. Black desert online has some of the best graphics I've seen for a game. This games level design and in-depth modelling models in beyond what other MMORPG's can do. The lightning is what makes the game truely amazing and beautiful.Character customisation: Most MMORPG's have like a template where you have to follow, and this leads to a lot of characters looking the same which is a real big turn off for me. That's not the case in Black Desert Online, This game has an insanely in-depth customisation that makes every character look unique in their own way. This customisation on its own is aesthetically pleasing. Cons Performance: One of the biggest issues this game has is it's performance, mainly the texture pop-ins. At times I feel there is no point in having a tier 5+ horse since their movement speed is too fast for the game to handle and thus causes freezing which is really annoying at times. However, it's mainly the text pop-in that made me put it on the cons list but other than that, it runs fine on any kind of hardware.Clothing: Another con about this game is the clothing that it provides can be near the same as you got when you was a level 1 (not including cash shop items). I feel like a more diverse range of clothing would make the game even better and make it stand out further more.Grind: Now the grind isn't too great but its big enough to set it as a con. After hitting level 55, it becomes significantly harder to level up the character as there are little grind spots that are over-crowded by fellow adventurers doing the same thing. If they add in more grind spots or make the game more fun whilst grinding, it can make the game feel a lot better.I hope you enjoyed my quick review of Black Desert Online. I highly recommend this game to fellow MMORPG fans around the world as I would love to see a bigger community for this game. The bigger the community, the more content that can be pushed out by the developers. This game has every MMORPG element that is required to make the game feel immersive and enjoyable.  Character Customisation Story Graphics Performance Soundtrack Enjoyment Overall   10 8 8 7 8 10 8.5   
Der Kneiprige	Not Recommended	71.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/herecouldbeurbanner/	Great game - but i won't recommend it regardless cause of the silent installation of dubious anti-cheat (kernel-rootkit), which can't be removed easily (and isn't auto-removed after deinstalling the game!!!). For a little more information: http://steamcommunity.com/app/582660/discussions/0/1290691308571849109/http://www.wellbia.com/home/en/pages/xigncode3/ 
Zefyras	Not Recommended	2,324.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Zefyk/	Dev's stopped listening to community ( if they ever actually did). Released updates that people never wanted or never asked for it. Released Remastared bdo, rather then fixing what people want, just update the graphics. Smart Devs. Now they added Valk's Cry and Costume melting for crons. Basically putting the game $$ P2w.  Dev's could of made this game better but they just want they moneyz.
Neera	Not Recommended	5,719.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/HibikKuray/	Having above softcap gear. One patch, boom. You see more end game gear in a day than in the whole game's lifespan because now you can purchase items to basically make failing PEN attempts a non existant issue. Whoever swipes that credit card the most gets more PENs. (PEN = End game enhancement)To think I put so much time into this game just for it to go all to the garbage dumpster. Before the current changes, p2w was super moderated. Now they just let it ran looose. You can swipe 30 bucks for 120m silver countless of times, since you can just turn the outfit into cron stones, and sell them. There is no cap on how many you can make, so that basically removes the Marketplace restriction they had previously to prevent people from using irl money to get rich quick. Bet y'all made mode money in that one ♥♥♥♥ing day than in 6 months. Letting the whales loose was a bad idea. Uninstalled the game, and never coming back to this garbage dumpster on fire.
303 | Olivier Lupien	Not Recommended	1.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198380860401/	whent from good to pay to win
raytal	Not Recommended	2,306.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/raytal/	Don't buy BDO you will be disappointed beyond belief with the lack of support and the buggy performance. There has not been one patch in the last three months that Steam Users did not get hosed on and had to jump through validation hoops to get the BDO client working. Notwithstanding, if your not willing to shell out hundreds of dollars, your character is going to simply be unable to compete at any level. Yes, its PVP so if your into Life Skills your just going to be someone's B***H. I would have been happy to lay out whatever cash I needed to spend had BDO not been so buggy followed by a total lack of customer support.For instance they have changed the UI so many times that even thier Customer Support doesn't have a clue how to fix a simple issue like a Health and Stamina Bar. Really, I kid you not!I have never been so disappointed with a purchase. I wish I could get my money back. Please don't be like me & Please don't spend any of you money on thsi game, I should have realized that soemthing was wrong when I bit on a 50% coupon for this terribly managed MMO. I mean BAD!As of this review 09/07/2018 Steam Users are experiencing multiple disconnects and crash's to desktop and we are getting NO support!https://community.blackdesertonline...plication-error-xcoronahost-xem-crash.290290/Read for yourself.  If I had it to do over I would never had bought the game at all given the support is horrible and their patches need patching everytime.
ReasonXx74xX	Not Recommended	275.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/xSwift74x/	Positives:Though some may disagree, I found the combat system to be thoroughly enjoyable. I also admire the vast amount of detail that went into some of the life skills in this game, along with the knowledge system - though som aspects (conversations) were horribly implemented, I thought it was a unique system to work with. The game does look very nice as well, and FPS was not much of a problem even on my laptop, so I can't imagine people having trouble in that regard, with the exception of some stuttering and FPS loss in crowded towns.Negatives: (These will be made more clearly than the positves)- AFK Work Simulator: I have a laptop, so this isn't much of an option for me. The game wants you to never log out of it. Leave your PC running with this game being played or your doing AFK work to increase skills or to allow your workers to do their in game jobs. Like a mobile game, you can buy pearls to complete some work tasks in game, or you can wait hours at a time for things to be done: "But don't worry!" everyone says just always leave this game using up your electricity bill and your CPU/GPU (albeit the send-to-tray option does lower consumption greatly) it is still a problem for some people. But I know, the players will defend it with "buy a desktop or it is your fault for being poor!" "if you can't afford an extra $3000 a month on electricity it is your fault for playing this game!"-Afk sleep simulator - Energy regens 1/ 3 minutes. If lying on a bed bought in game: 2/3min. Or you can buy a bed with actual money which gives you 3/3 min. Oh and if you log out, it becomes llike 1 every 30 minutes or something. You have to log in TO THE CHARACTER whose energy you want to replenish to have energy restored - I was told you get a full energy regen every day, but I waited 3 days and none of my characters got a full regen. I only have about 100 energy, but a recommended energy level should be around 300. So if you want to regen energy for all your characters and you have the recommended energy level you will spend a real day just replenishing energy. You can also get some energy from quests if you want to do that, though I bought a bed so I use that and only have to wait about 1.5 hours to regen energy for 1 character.PK (player killers) - There is no PVE servers. Once you are lvl 50, people can PK you and your horse if not in a town. If you are leveling up or farming and get attacked by someone who has top teir gear and you have a basic weapon you get from playing the story (like many gamers do) you will just get killed and possible break valuable items in your inventory. But it is your fault for not having top teir gear! And just switch servers! (but if you switch and get PKed again there is a timer to prevent server hopping so deal with it.Earning money - I did want to do PVP later in the game, but you need to go to harvard to study business in this game. Once you get your "empire" going, money is a piece of cake, I will admit that I made many mistakes that left me poor in game, but I really just want to play the game in my spare time and not have to watch an hour long video on what nodes to buy and what trade routes to use, what to farm, how to build up fail stacks to repeatedly waste money trying to upgrade my gear.Gear: So for fighting - you can go up to +20 on items (+ for accessories and clothing). I have +15 full armor and +15 weapon/sub weapon. But I cannot do any of the areas recommended for my level. I get annihilated. You need to spend millions which takes a while to get - just trying to get to pri (+16) then to 17 etc etc. When it comes to clothing - these improve life skill effeciency, most people say don't do life skills unless you can do them under 1 second - I do mine all at about 15 seconds each - I need better gear. I bought 43 million worth of gear to try to get +2 - now I am out of money and none of my gear is +2. I only have some +1 clothing which hardly makes a difference.This game is fun - and I really want to love it. I know most people who read my review will say "this guy just sucks - don't listen to him!" But that doesn't adress anything and is cowardly. Whether everything i experienced in this game was because of bad luck/improper setip/ bad decisions: The game wants to take too much time from the average gamer by supporting 24/7 unhealthy gaming habits, the enhancment system is completely useless and just random, money is too absurd, if you only have a few hours to use your time - you better spend them trying to make money just to fight enemies of your level in this game. And PKers just ruin it for those who don't want to PVP.
metalrage	Not Recommended	538.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198035489757/	The game itself is fun, however there is no escaping the fact that it will frustrate the life out of you and push you toward making cash shop purchases. And while certain things are purchasable from the marketplace most peole have better things to do in life than sit in front of a marketplace for hours trying to get an item you have a miniscule chance of obtaining due to rng. While not strictly p2w it is pay to make your life infinetely easier, also the cash shop prices are wayyy too high it seems kakao just wants to milk its playerbase like cash cows. Fun for a while until it frustrates the life out of you...
Hehe xd	Not Recommended	1,460.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Eto2k18/	Now let me start of by pointing out one of the most prominent features of this game, it's combat. It's like no other in the MMO genre with how complex and fluid it is, but PA and Kakao have also managed to ruin that. The game is officialy as of today extremely P2W to the point where you can spend money to guarantee your enhancements in a game where enhancements USED to be RNG for EVERYONE, now its only RNG for the poor. You can also use money to buy outfits and sell them for a 100 mil each, which is about how much money the avarage F2P player will make in 5-6 hours of grinding. The combat? Yeah its fantastic when you first get into the game but as you learn about how the game works you learn two very valuable lessons. Kakao and Pearly Abyys do not know how to balance out classes, there are cases where a class will be so overpowered and they wont tweak the class for months but keep on nerfing a class which is already 6 feet under. The other main problem with the PvP but also a general problem for the game is the desync. The servers in bdo are so bad that you will get hit by an ability when youre 3 screens away from your opponent. From my experience and the experience of many more I would not suggest you to play or even try this game. It is a waste of your time and the game is marked as $10 but believe me with these new changes F2P players will have it extremely hard because everyone else who spends money will be softcap in no time while youre still 3 years into the game without softcap.TLDR: Don't buy this game its a waste of money and time and there isnt even a surplus of E-Girls anymore so you can't find yourself an E-Girl to date. :/
PublicSeaLion	Not Recommended	2,813.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198026005665/	I loved this game, but it has progessively gotten more and more pay-to-win. Coming from someone who put in over $150 in a year or so, even that leaves me at a large disadvantage. So much potential wasted.
metalrage	Not Recommended	538.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198035489757/	The game itself is fun, however there is no escaping the fact that it will frustrate the life out of you and push you toward making cash shop purchases. And while certain things are purchasable from the marketplace most peole have better things to do in life than sit in front of a marketplace for hours trying to get an item you have a miniscule chance of obtaining due to rng. While not strictly p2w it is pay to make your life infinetely easier, also the cash shop prices are wayyy too high it seems kakao just wants to milk its playerbase like cash cows. Fun for a while until it frustrates the life out of you...
jnfpost	Not Recommended	1,429.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198051314122/	This game is crap.  Be prepared to pull out your wallet, because the purchase price of the game won't get you the necessities that you need, which include: additonal weight to pick up items dropped by monsters, pets to pick up items that monsters drop (and tier 3+ pets at that which require you buy multiple pets and breed them together), and miscellaneous other 'convenience' (pay to win) items that people will argue 'aren't necessary', but will leave you at such a gross disadvantage that you'd be a fool not to.  The pvp in this game is a pipe dream.  Gear is entirely based on the roll of a dice and most people spend a year or longer to get their gear 'enhanced' high enough to participate in any kind of meaningful pvp.  Newer players get screwed, because of the 'renown' system that gives players additional damage based on their level of gear (so lower geared players end up being one-shot by long term players).  Forget catching up, because the market system in the game has been cornered by people who have played for years and the alternative is grinding for 1000s of hours just to get enough silver to buy the most mediocre of items on the marketplace (thanks to inflation, gear prices are absurdly high).  Avoid this game unless you're ready to sacrifice years of your life in order to get into any pvp content and be viable, much less competitive.
bamboni	Recommended	36.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/BamanboiYT/	It has butt physicsI meanDo I need to say more
ironman100	Recommended	10,520.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Ironman100/	I've played this game a little and here is what I will comment on:1. It's basically a FTP + Microtransactions ... but for $5-10, it's still a no brainer in my opinion. It's still pretty fun even if you do not spend another cent. But if you decide to play ongoing, I do recommend a little investing in a few pets, weight increase and increased bag storage. It makes a huge improvement in playability. All the rest of the cosmetics are for those who want to look "rich" in attire or in residence ... you know, color coordinated, fancy designs etc2. It reminds me a great deal of what I would envision Ultima Online 2 to look and play like had it ever happened (I played UO for about 6-years).3. I DO NOT recommend you buy this on STEAM at this point because of two things: First, Lots of AFK activites built into the game (like fishing and processing) which can run for many hours unattended, I literaly am logged in 24/7 while only actively playing for maybe 8-hrs at a time, and the game has "hours played" milestone rewards ... so until STEAM allows multiple games at the same time... it realy suxxorz to have to shut it down to play other STEAM games.Second, When I bought it, it said "Steam Trophies" ... but they didn't work for most people and have since been removed... who knows if they will return.4. The crafting and gear enchanting is pretty unique. You use NPCs in shops you own to craft gear and craftables. Some of these you will/can use, while some you will just sell in faraway places for good profits. The game actually gives every player rewards daily that can be claimed, and there is almost always an event going on that provides neat things and RNG chances at some of the best gear in the game. Enchanting is what the player is responsible for... it's guaranteed to succeed at low levels but at HIGH levels… it's RNG that rivals games in Vegas for "odds" and chance vs reward (extremely addicting for some people). Only the most dedicated of players even has a chance to enchant gear to the highest levels.5. Graphics in the game are stunning ... the world is big... no HUGE! There are a bunch of massive cities, and dozens of smaller towns, farms, and hamlets scattered everywhere.6. There is PVE and PvP (PvP enabled for all players at lvl 50, but advancing is elective). Guild vs Guild is the bulk of the regular PvP as top Guilds compete for control of all regions of the world (control = income from taxes and trade). There is also dedicated PvP on servers that are labeled as such.7. If I was to pick one thing I would personally wish for in this game, it would be that I could play my other STEAM Games while letting BDO run on another PC on the same account.I really like this game, and have invested perhaps $100 in my over 4000+ hrs played … worth! 
Woshnierek	Recommended	3,978.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198022418168/	Well, finaly managed to get the perfect look for the character. Now I can start playi... what you can fish in this game?  ... ok now since I have a stable income I can start playing for real, now of to valenc... what was that horse? It was fast as hell, Tier8 through breeding? gonna need one of those. ... what there is higher profit on highsea fishing? you can build a boat, whooaaaaa nice sailship, HOW MANY LOGS, OK GIMME A MINUTE. Now Since I have all the stuff I can play for real. What do you mean Failstacks. TET WHAT?????? 
f_Society	Recommended	219.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ayyyylmmmaaooooo/	If you are going to buy this game listen to me.. don't rush. Take your time. You will find yourself at level 50 realising that you don't know anything about how the game works and that you haven't done anything but grind/doing only main quests. This game is very complex and can be overwhelming for any new player like myself. The game is NOT pay2win (just to be clear - in my opinion P2W only means damage advantage paid for with your credit card.. not exp boost or pets or costumes or other things.. these things are just a convenience for me, not p2w). Not a single object from the real-money shop will help you in PVP/PVE. (Some will argue that the Desert/Ghillie costumes are P2W because it hides your username in pvp so you are harder to spot. I disagree but everyone is entitled to their own opinion). If you want you can buy some costumes to look cool or inventory expansion slots which can also be aquired by doing in-game quests or weight limit increase which can also be aquired by having in-game armor/belts with weight limit increasing bonus. IN MY OPINION maxing out your weight limit and inventory space is for the hardcore players since they need a lot of space for resources etc..The game is currently 5.99 euros .. you will get a lot of gameplay hours for those 5.99 euros. It is not a fortune so you won't lose anything. Even when the offer will expire and the game will become 9.99 for the most basic package (which is all you need in my opinion) it will still worth it. Some of you will get dozens of hours of enjoyment for such a small price.Give it a shot and don't listen to all the haters screaming p2w and whatnot.Also mandatory to mention:-Great graphics-Great combat pace-Great combat system-Great gameplay overall
ᴋᴇʀɴʙᴀᴛ	Recommended	50.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kernbat/	you can make your boobs sweaty
Armo	Not Recommended	89.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ArmoredPsycho/	Has all the chances to be the best MMORPG game in the world but fails to offer any engaging activity than to grind millions of monsters to gain lvl, gear and money so you can continue to grind more efficiently.There is no doubt about it that paying for ingame items and monthly subscription gives you a huge help for your activities.Game is designed to be so time consuming, repetitive, insanely frustrating casino like slot machine and the worst grindfest nightmare I have ever seen that you are forced to pay for to save you from insanity.Black Desert Online is the most beautiful MMORPG I have ever seen but totally rotten inside.
JmannDX	Recommended	171.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jmanndx/	I just spent 7 hours walking in a circle carrying a bag of chickens so I can get stronger and carry more chickens. 10/10
MysteriouS	Not Recommended	2,068.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/zsmysterious/	this game is soulless and i don't feel rewarded for my investment
Thaxsar	Not Recommended	174.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/thaxsar/	Went full pay to win after devs promised it would not. All you do is grind your time away for materials and to upgrade your gear you have a small chance of success, even after going through tedious and time consuming methods to gain more of a chance to succeed.
Zunkey	Not Recommended	30.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/zunkey/	was a kinda fun grind, but its p2w now so...
I'm so moist	Recommended	9.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198049663166/	Finally finished creating my character
SwordsANDPlowShares	Not Recommended	115.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198190174895/	The pretty graphics and fast pace combat wont do enough good for this game.  It will too quickly become a grind fest and they the player economy is wrecked by all the overly restrictive measures the developers use to combat gold farms and exploiters, While making it possible to AFK grind things?  It would have been one thing to stop at not allowing player to player game currancy direct trading and keep records of all player to player trades/transactions.  However, when you can't even trade crafting matirials between you and your friends and there is almost no team play content to speak of...  You will start thinking something is a little off and that feeling will get worse.  Any faith you had in the explinations of "this is to combat gold farmers and exploiters" will quickly get eroded by how much you (an honest player who isn't exploited nor gold farming) gets totally chained down by all the restrictions and lack of reward.  You will finally just quit out right, if your desire to play the game doesn't suffer a slower death because you tried to use a nude mod to make the game mroe fun and it didn't work in the end.  I don't care if I get banned.  This game isn't worth coming back too.
Cynder	Not Recommended	2,366.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198203935700/	More and more P2W content... Nothing more to add.
R3M11X夢見る人✿◕◡◕	Not Recommended	1,158.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/r3m11x/	I quit this game a long time ago but I need to write this as an advice for others who may be looking to buy this game. Listen to the other reviewers. Don't let the pretty surface of this game fool you for what it really is. The scenery is gorgeous as all hell and the combat mechanics  are engaging as ♥♥♥♥. But this is a pay to win. In a game where PvP is such a main focus, so much that it is forced upon in open world (after a certain level), you now have people out right buying their gear with real money. No more is progression a matter of RNG (which was a huge issue itself), but it is now who has the deeper wallet. People who chose to spend their money on progression will stomp on those who actively play the game and work for their gear.In this game, grinding and winning node/siege wars, are the surest ways to make silver. People fight for nodes and grind spots and the winner is determined by the one with the highest gear score. You can see where I'm going with this.This game had so much potential and I genuinely had a lot of fun playing it when I first started, well before Kakao and Pearl Abyss decided to curb stomp their game. But to see where the game is heading, with the PvP balancing all  ♥♥♥♥ed and the enhancement system being cancerous as all hell, and now ESPECIALLY the fact that the game is straight up pay to win, you're better off playing Guild Wars 2, ESO, WoW, or any other game if you're looking for an mmo to play.Do yourself a favor and save your money and go buy something else. And for those of you still holding on, you can quit this game. I know you can do it. I feel so much more happier and relieved to not be apart of a train wreck anymore.
BigCheese	Not Recommended	370.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198119404380/	I have never taken the time to write a review before, but here we go. This game, is absolutely beautiful, the mechanics behind the combat is so amazing, flashy and fun. This alone kept me playing so long, creating many characters with the different proffesions available to us.When the time came where I had finally chose my favourite class to play and in turn progressed to upgrading gear to participate in pvp, was ultiamtely where the game met its demise for me. Enchanting gear and praying to RNJESUS is the worst. You spend countless hours bidding for the stone to upgrade, build stacks on characters only to have it fail 90% of the time and have the gear revert back to its previous upgrade, its just too harsh, maybe if you just lost the stacks, or even half the stacks I might be able to tolerate it but, just no. Its brutal. I am honestly gutted, this game has so much potential if they just re worked enchanting and certain classes being OP it would be my favourite mmorpg of all time. If only. If you love a stupidly hardcore grind and dont mind getting a bruised forehead from smashing youre keyboard, then play away. If not, stay away, you will only be dissapointed. 
Lotthar	Not Recommended	2.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197997512804/	Just a shiny shellPlay Guild Wars 2
BirdPerson	Not Recommended	274.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198028047877/	Its had the potential to be great, but it went  the full Pay to Win way  . Dont waste your time here.
.sirax	Not Recommended	3,382.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/figtme1v1irlkek/	 Beautiful game with a horrible company behind it.Pay 2 Play with a form of subscription to really get going, adding real Pay 2 Win with the patch on 29th of August.Forum full of Critic, but they wont listen.Breaking Promises and cant keep EU/NA Servers up to date with Korean one. (6 Month and were still waiting for new content)
BigCheese	Not Recommended	370.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198119404380/	I have never taken the time to write a review before, but here we go. This game, is absolutely beautiful, the mechanics behind the combat is so amazing, flashy and fun. This alone kept me playing so long, creating many characters with the different proffesions available to us.When the time came where I had finally chose my favourite class to play and in turn progressed to upgrading gear to participate in pvp, was ultiamtely where the game met its demise for me. Enchanting gear and praying to RNJESUS is the worst. You spend countless hours bidding for the stone to upgrade, build stacks on characters only to have it fail 90% of the time and have the gear revert back to its previous upgrade, its just too harsh, maybe if you just lost the stacks, or even half the stacks I might be able to tolerate it but, just no. Its brutal. I am honestly gutted, this game has so much potential if they just re worked enchanting and certain classes being OP it would be my favourite mmorpg of all time. If only. If you love a stupidly hardcore grind and dont mind getting a bruised forehead from smashing youre keyboard, then play away. If not, stay away, you will only be dissapointed. 
ChildSupp0rt	Not Recommended	175.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/lilg/	Developers just want your money, free to play games have less pay to win than this. You can’t play the game without spending money
cjh900	Not Recommended	397.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198386331949/	time consumming and dont like the enhancement system.for two months i was gathering materials and just blew up everything at oncerng just kills it
YPCC	Not Recommended	61.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198254774116/	This game is fun to play at the begining but after you play for some time you kinda get bored.And on 24th August, they made the game p2w.
sylph	Not Recommended	1,541.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/942333425/	It's P2W now. GG im done
DudeDonDoDrug	Not Recommended	52.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198071082529/	This is what a grinding machine turns to extreme.Basically speaking, this game makes you into a slave. At first several missions, you might see the game as a fantasy MMORPG game. But after those few missions, you will realize this is actually an EVE online setting in a vast land of sword&magic. But unlike in EVEonline, you don't really have a strong motivation and might just quit after maybe a week or two. Just saying.Still sounds promising? Not really.As I said this game makes you into its slave. You have to oversee everything detail of every action to make virtual money in its ultra-disfigured trading system. The trading system is both very confusing and annoying at the same time. For one, the currency in the game that you can carry weights actual weights in your bag. This sounds pretty cool as a concept. I wouldn't lie this is a pretty cool idea. But when it came to execution, it sucks. For one, you can only carry a very small amount of money with you, therefore you have to save them in the warehouse. But then when you travel from one major city to another city, you have to either A) run all the way back to the original warehouse back and forth to get the money you need for purchasing; B) buy the weight expanding in-game items with real money to up the limit. Second, the game breaks the trading down to nodes and workers, of which links to your Energy and Contribution. And those to links the Knowledge system. And that links back to Energy and Contribution. So it form a loop of which you will be forever stucked in between waitting for the Energy recovery, which recovers really, really, really, really slow.Third, there is no teleportation. In games like EVEonline it makes sense as each different sector have it's own unique feature and there are both PVE and PVP contents in there. But for a game like this, of which you have to go back and forth in between cities many times, it is simply a huge waste of time to travel. 80% of my game time was spending on auto-run between cities so I can get things done. I gain no fun at all while doing so.  The differences between fun and micromanaging is that the rewards should be worthy. EVE online for example, you know from the beginning of what you want to do, a merc or a merchant, a cargo driver or a pirate. It gives you the freedom of choosing your path some the beginning, and guides you along the way while providing decent fun. Money in EVE is like a tool to achieve other, more meaningful goals. In this game, however, to get the money becomes everything. You want better gear? You have to either grind it out or to buy it, of which also involve grinding. You want a faster horse? You have to grind. You want to process in the story? You have to grind. You want to see the features of the game? You have to grind. Thurs every action in this game is related to grinding the money. I know that there are people that like this game because of it, I truly respect that. But for me, to grind money for more money while put in my real life to do so in return of achieve nothing but more virtual money sounds too pointless to me. In short, this could be a fun game if you like to be a virtual labor doing 10 hours shift, otherwise, don't touch it. It doesn't reward you anything but the suffer and sorrow of everyday errants and office-sitting.
Shelene	Recommended	223.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198068899654/	Opening Thoughts:  Never played game till yesterday. Read mixed reviews.  Watched countless videos on Youtube. Almost did not buy as people who love game and hate game are equally passionate!  Picked Dark Knight as I could locate the most about leveling. After watching Streams and the leveling videos, it was the only character type I liked. Realizing people had had issues, and my computer was not a gaming computer I was not sure what to expect so ...** When I read you must have 16gig of ram, I immediately turned down setting ingame.** Watched video about needless chat information, so I turned it off when able.** There was a setting, that asked about Frame Rate - I actually turned it up.** I bought Explorer Package and chose the Cat Pet as it collects, gathers, and a couple other things I like. Game provided mule but package a horse.  You had to go into mail and select each item to get the 24 hour things started or at least that is what I did.** I am so glad I watched videos first as I knew before starting what skills to seek and what areas to go to (or so I thought). I decided to play the game slowing and enjoy it. I picked up so many things, that in selling I had a quick 4 mil.  ** Finally, (maybe), in 2 days I am confused about many things. Yet I have been completing Black Spirit, daily, and inventory quests first.   ** If the game does not provide content, I will have issues, If the game crashes or explodes, or forces me down a path or a guild I do not want to do or join, I will have issues.** But to say the game has massive issues now (for me) respectfully is not there - AGAIN, FOR ME!!!These are just my initial thougts after two days of play.  I do not know a soul in the game or anyone surrounding it.If you agree or disagree - that is fine - this is for me and we all must be true and hold to our opinions - agree to disagree.I just wanted to put my initial thoughts out there.  Thank You!!!!
YamaKami	Not Recommended	103.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198053032431/	So this game looks great, and so far the game play has been enjoyable 70 hrs in. There's an immense amount of things to do outside of just hacking and slashing mobs. However, despite all this positive. At this time I must give this game a negative review. To start I got the "explores pack".  Base game is $10.99CAD+ 54.99CAD for the Explores pack. So clearly I am not a free player. The game itself had a cost low enough to be expecting some MTX, and well it's an MMO so of course there is. And I am not against MTX in a game such as this either. More content keeps coming, servers are hosted/maintained, and a revenue stream is required to facilitate that. So here's why this game gets a buyer's beware negative review. I chose a witch to start. To get an outfit from the pearl shop (read "pearl" as IRL $) so that I am not in a repurposed burlap sack. It would cost me another $10(USD). That skin is locked to not the account either, but just that single character. If the colour of that outfit is not what you want. You need to buy RNG dye that is single use (the RNG is for the colour), and will need more than one pot of it. Or you get a pallet and the dye wears off after 30 days. Until you repurchase another. Plus you will need pets,too. And want horse skins, pet skins, etc, as well. The costs are way out of line with reality, I can buy actual underwear for what the charge for a digital pair in this game, and that is not even a joke. Underwear is nothing but a visual you cannot see outside of a town or in your(in game) home too. Until the greed is taken out and the MTX are at a price that shows some respect to the player base. Don't buy this game. Not even for 50% off. You're treated like a free player, in a game you get into at full AAA prices. If you'er planning to only play this one game though, and willing to spend literally hundreds of dollars (USD) on it... then this game is for you! @ the devs, when you stop trying to♥♥♥♥♥♥players wallets via the pearl shop. I will make this review positive. Again it's not that the game has MTX that is the issue. It's that you're DAMN, DAMN, DAMN, (etc) greedy! TL;DRGood Game, but due to the costs of basic things in the cash shop, don't bother with it at this time.
Mythical☪	Not Recommended	190.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/MythicalPolarbears/	I am constantly being asked by friends whether they should get this everytime I go to play this game. So this is for them, and others interested..."Why are you playing it right now if you don't recommend it."- Because I am having fun with it right now, or just to help a friend.WHAT IS THIS GAMEThis game is an MmoRPG that is heavily focused on making money, way more than it has to do with actually fighting or leveling up. At the beginning of the game all you will do is grind until you have reached "awakening" which is essentially the point where you get to use a main MAIN weapon and unlock new abilities. The rest of the game you will spend trying to make money, or if you are in a guild, wasting time doing contracts and occasional node wars.WHAT THIS GAME DOES WELLThis game has a fantasitc combat system, where you use a combination of keys/clicks to use your abilites rather than an assigned number like WoW. Don't worry it is not complicated and you get the hang of it quite quickly. The effects from your abilities feels fast, and powerful. The game overall is really beautiful, and makes you want to explore.... if you had time to do so that is. I like the fact that this game kind of gives you the ability to take on a profession, which is pretty necessary. The community is pretty awesome and helpful usually. The game also promotes using alt's, infact it is quite necessary to use alt's, they have several uses. - Combat is fun, fluid and enjoyable- Visually beautiful and grand- Roleplaying elements- Good community- There is always something to do.- Alt accounts are rewardedWHAT THIS GAME DOES BADThe biggest flaw with this game is it's learning curve. I get it Mmo's have learning curves, but it is not the curve it's self that is the problem, it is that things that could easily be explained are not, and it is done through shear laziness of the developers. To give you an example, lets say you decide you want to mine gems for money. You go out, buy a pickaxe, and go to a mine where emeralds spawn. You can tell they can be mined and are ready to be mined because of a shimmer. You go over them and press "r" and nothing happens. So why can't you mine it? The game doesn't tell you, it doesn't even tell you that you can't mine it... just nothing. The reason is either your pickaxe is too low, or your gathering is too low. How could this be solved, by having a notifcation pop up that says why you can't mine. Instead you have to sift through multiple forums to find you that you need to be "prof 5". What does "Prof 5" mean? What is that referring to? And so on and so on. You will literally have to look up the most simplest tasks all the time. I could go on and on with examples of where this game fails to tell you basic information, that could be solved with 1 line of coding.One of the only things this game mildly teaches you how to do is enhancing equipment to +15, anyways... What you need to know about that is... DONT DO IT. If you talk to anyone who has played this game, the first thing they will tell you is, anything you need you should just buy, because you will spend infinitely more trying to upgrade your equipment. You can make money from multiple things in this game, but not enhanced gear. You can sell if for a lot, but not nearly as much as if you just sold all your black stones (enhancing resource). This is probably one of the worst parts of the game, seeings as it discourages players from creating weapons and seeings as selling them will always put you at a net loss.The market is pretty awful too. The game is full of hidden stats, and in the market there is a really big one. So pretty much any item that has constant listings will be placed on the market in bid mode. What happens is everyone goes to buy that item and you name gets put in a draw, and a person is randomly selected from everyone that bid. When I say RANDOM I say it really losely, as this is where the hidden stat comes in. Players have a better chance of getting items from the market based on a threshhold they hit that is measured by how much real world money you have spent on the game. So people who pay money for things in the store have higher priority during the bids. Due to this, if you don't plan on spending money you could easily spend an hour trying to buy 1 item. (I would like to mention here, that I heard this from several experienced players, who have put probably close to 5000 hours into this game if not more. I have not been able to confirm this from any online source, so take this point with a grain of salt.)Speaking of paying real world money, pets is the biggest aspect of P2W in this game. You can have upwards of 4 pets at a time, and it is pretty much essential to have upon reaching high levels when you don't have time to stop and pick items off the ground. They have "maids" which do multiple things, such as buy items off the market from anywhere, without haveing to go to town. Costumes that boost your efficency while doing a profession. Camoflage which hides your name tag, which pretty much makes you completely unnoticable in pvp, especailly in group battles like Node Wars. Gimmicky underwear which gives you +1 luck. Items to make you inventory larger/carry more weight, and so on. The P2W aspect is not nearly bad as most, but there are aspects of this game which pretty much making it detrimental that you cough up some extra money. It is actually essential that you spend some money in the market... It feels like you have only purchased part of the game if you don't. In addition, almost everything costs atleast $20 or more... which is expensive for cosmetics.Nodes, are actually an awesome idea, and Node wars are pretty fun, the problem is mainly the fact that it is designed in such a needlessly complex way, and the UI for it could be drastically simplified to the point where you don't need to spend an hour going through different versions of tutorial videos trying to understand it. Also, it is never explained how or what is required to replentish your workers - which is beer. This kind of makes this whole system fall on it's head seeings as everything comes to a grinding hault until you figure that out.- Nothing is explained- Enhancing is a money burning sim- The Market is awful- P2W is essential- NodesThere is plenty more I could comment on, but what I have above is pretty much the main things.SUMMARYThe game can be fun, but it definitely requires a special type of person to really enjoy it. It is not like most mmo's which is refreshing, and does not feel super grindy, atleast in combat. If you have a lot of free time, and don't mind shelling out more money than the purchase price, then this game might be for you. I wouldn't say this game is bad, I wouldn't even say it is not fun. This game is good, and is fun, it is just sloppy in how it is given to the player, and requires a lot of time, ESPECIALLY in a guild. I highly recommend playing this with a friend, and not by yourself. For me, this game began to feel more like a chore than an actual game. I logged on because I had to finish a contract, or because I had to feed my workers. I also felt obligated to play because of the money I had put into the game (shame on me). I feel relieved and happy that I have time to play other games, and do other things. You don't think you're not having fun until you take a break and realize how much time you've wasted to accomplish something so incrimentally miniscule.For those who enjoy the game, more power to you, I guess I just don't have it in me.  (:
Swine	Not Recommended	3,744.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197995413586/	This game was fun at the start until you notice how much this game is truely a pay to win trap. Just like every other game being released these days. I have played hours upon hours in this game due to its great pvp but it is all being ruined by Pearl Abyss bringing out even more pay to win "content" that they themselves said they wouldnt realease in NA servers...... Bunch of greedy fools ruining their own game that could have been great if they didnt choose this route.
JimmyLee™	Recommended	515.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198078738994/	Played for over 300 hours in the non-steam version. Playing with a friend or two will make this game worth it.
Atticus	Not Recommended	49.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198000731053/	I've always been a fan of the MMO genre, and since WoW, I havn't found one I enjoy as much. BDO had me from the reviews and gameplay. It was a bit confusing at the start, a combo attack style of gaming, which I enjoyed. My first issue is the grind. It's almost a fundamental part of any MMO, and it's expected, and sometime it's even enjoyable. Buutt it's the entire leveling experience. Run here, kill that, run back, run back again etc. It got old reaal quick. but hopefully at end game, there's some better content? Nope. Past lvl 50, its the same, but takes 2000% more experience. You will yield around 0.001% of a level per creep killed, and maybe 1% per quest. I understand that a leveling system should be somewhat exponantial, but a jump from say 1-2-4-8-100? It became boring very quickly. Second issue was the vanity side of the game, I love my vanity items, don't get me wrong, but when the gear looks so bad throughout the game it makes everyone want those cool sets, and then the only way you get them is by IAP?not even little purchases either, to get one outfit, you need to spend more than the game costs...($30 USD ish) Then the sets just replace the look of your gear? So you grind for some gear, upgrade it, and just cover it with some costume...I would rather pay a bit more for a game, and have it in it's entirety, and be able to achieve these vanity items through gameplay. The game itself runs well, has a lot to do, with all the life skills and fitting out your house etc, but I got bored real quick, there was nothing exciting to do. There was no awesome items to strive for becuase Gary over there spend heaps on vanity and looks way cooler anyway. If you are looking to watse some time, this one is for you, but I'm after something that rewards time and effort, not wallet size.
Prinnies	Not Recommended	2,625.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/viceroybubbles/	Absolutely stay away. A month ago, I would have given BDO a VERY cautious recommendation. But the game is very quickly adding MUCH more blatant pay-to-win to the cash shop, and that's the tipping point for me.The game is optimized ridiculously poorly. Supposedly there's going to be a graphics overhaul this year to address that, but I'll believe it when I ♥♥♥♥ing see it.The NA client is still behind, which isn't unusual for K-MMOS but other clients are all over the place. No one knows what we're going to get or when we're going to get it, just that it's going to show up one day after a patch. Only new classes and zones have something resembling a release date. No roadmap or communication. Whales eat up the game-killing trash before anyone has even a second of notice that it's been introduced.The servers are still in mother-♥♥♥♥ing San Jose, server hell. Anyone who says they have an acceptable connection is either lying or has never seen a good connection in their life. There are incentives to stay logged in and clog the server with AFKs. Logging out is a net loss. This is a completely different game if you log in just after server reset. It's a lot closer to how the game SHOULD run. PVP is a real mess because of this, which is a real shame because there's a lot going on with the combat compared to other MMOs. And the ultimate goal is PVP.Yeah, it's bells and whistles on a steaming turd - it's a Korean MMO. It's running its already shaky reputation into the ground as it tries to fleece you for more and more cash as it goes down instead of investing in its future - the fate of nearly every K-MMO. I wouldn't be so burned if it wasn't so true.Anything of redeemable quality is shoved aside by the awful servers, awful optimization, and awful creeping p2w. I'm gonna be accused of calling it way too soon, but this is going to be a skeleton of a game with whales swimming between the bones, continuing to call out the devs/publisher/no-one-even-♥♥♥♥ing-knows-who on the p2w, despite buying into it every time.Don't be fooled by the low price. The REAL buy-in is higher, and it's only going to get worse. Stay away. Spend your money on a game that won't ♥♥♥♥ you at every turn.6-month-later edit: told ya so
Aetsen	Recommended	1,125.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/billyFF/	I dont even have gear, im just fishing 100%worth
Phunky	Recommended	1.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/thePhunkiest/	I currently have 4 characters above 57, and have been playing since launch. Black Desert Online is the game I keep coming back to, because there’s so much you can do. I really feel as it’s the pre-WoW mmo everyone always asks for. One that doesn’t hold your hand, one that has mechanics that aren’t well known even with the internet, and one that heavily rewards players for the time they spend in it. Arguably, the main end game is PVP via node wars, and getting into PVP will take a lot of your time to learn it, to become decent at it, and to competitive in it. It also, can take a lot of your money if you let it. There is no traditional subscription, but the cash shop is pricey. You can buy some of the cash shop items in the marketplace, but you’ll rarely find any, because it isn’t worth it as far as how much progress you can get from the amount of real money you can spend. The game isn’t pay to win. There is a lot of content for those of you who don’t like PVP as well, creating a trade empire that consists of workers whom you pay in beer, and you can fish, cook, do alchemy, train and breed horses, and farm. All of which, also take a lot of time and dedication to become good at, and some of it you can do afk. you can also own almost any of the buildings as homes and furnish them as if it were some The Sims mmo. It’s also huge plus that the game is extremely beautiful, though expect a lot of texture pop-in. It’s a good game, the combat is flashy and fast paced, there’s a lot to do, and the world is huge. For a more in-depth review, take a look at my video.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OrZTdU1t3gA 
d i n k y ㅇㅅㅇ	Recommended	675.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/neku/	I've played BDO now on my main account(bought before steam got the game) for about 76 days in total. And I keep adding things as I go. Some key things that you should know before you play this gameis that this game was originally designed to be played in Korea in webcafes and this means that this game is designed entirely around the concept of time consumption. There is no other MMO out there as time consuming as BDO. Everything you do in the game takes a lot of time even if it's just traveling and the only way to reduce the amount of time things take is to pay real money. The good:+ Open world PvP has a penalty so you don't have to worry 24/7. Most players don't grief and will never bother you.+ A lot of RP elements and ways to interact with things.+ Solid mount system, a lot of fun if you're into horses.+ A whole array of life skills, hunting, cooking, alchemy, gathering and more.+ Very beautiful game overall, you can take a lot of stunning screenshots.+ A ton of customisation, however this is limited for males and limited in how your gear looks unless you snatch stuff on the marketplace or buy them.+ The combat is fun, it's not unique but it is not like classic MMO's so it's not as stale.+ Leveling is enjoyable.+ There's a lot of exploring as well, which is also a lot of fun.+ Knowledge system makes you want to go places you haven't been even if there's not much there to do.+ Pets are super useful and extremely cute.+ The cash shop skins are in most cases very beautiful or cute, it's hard not to spend money.+ The EU community seems to give more warnings before they kill people who steal their slots. IDK tho just an observation.+ The animation of skills are really really neat, you really feel as powerful as your character is because it looks very "epic".+ The game has so much potential so I'm crossing my fingers that they will continue to listen to their players.+ They update their game every wedensday or so and although a lot of the updates are minor it's nice to play a game that gets updated frequently.+ This game is 100% worth its current price, you will get hours of entertainment.The bad:- The developers don't play their game and have shown in interviews that they do not understand their game either... Which is really crazy if you think about it...- There is NO PVE ENDGAME.--- To elaborate: If you like dungeons, raids or etc this game can not offer you any of these. They practically do not exist. The game has only one single dungeon and it requires endgame PvP gear so you will most likely go through the game never even knowing this exists.- No other way to get gear or relics which are required to enhanche gear, but to do scrolls or world bosses, and doing scrolls is one of the worst things in the game.- This game is actually subscription-based but it is hidden as an optional feature which is deliberately to make people think it's pay once and play forever. While that is true, playing without a value-pack is horrible and you lose so much money and EXP not paying for it monthly.- The european community is obsessed with traps and gays, the american community is obsessed with trump and alienware. Basically this is 99% of the chat in server and world.- There's like no moderating in the game it's kinda just left to itself.---This makes for really toxic chats and while I am all for as little moderating of chat as possible  I don't think that saying things that are extremely inappropriate is ok. For example wanting to kill black people or women, or well, you can imagine...- Some cash shop items, even tho they are not completely P2W are extremely quality of life items and make the game a lot more enjoyable. For example, there is no way to enjoy farming or playing in groups if you don't have pets because they essentially make looting completely automated.-There is *ESSENTIALLY NO ARMOUR SKINS!* Armour is extremely limited and is actually close to no options, there's no flexibility in skins so the only way to alter your look is to purchase outfits on the market or in the cash shop. The armour operates on a few selected armours that are available and all classes can use them, however their look is class based and due to the stats being different you are stuck to ONE armour look and if you think boss armour looks cool, think again. It is the worst armour available in the game as you will look like a mossball with a pigeon head.- Genderlocked classed, major downside for me personally because;- Oversexualised korean MMO with some pedophilia elements as one would expect of an Asian game, i.e tamer class is a good example of the loli/underage class.- Unfortunately despite the evident oversexualisation there's not much available for male characters in terms of underwear or even armour.- Extreme jiggle physics, breasts move even in plated solid metal armour. It's a little cringe.- PvP is gearbased.--- To elaborate on this; The reason why this is bad IMO is because PvP should be entirely up to skill, it should not be gated for people who are potentially great players but decide to put the game down due to the gear grind. So many of my good friends who are great players decide to move on because they are forced to play a super punishable enchantment RNG minigame to be able to play what the game's entire endgame is about; PvP!- Open world PvP can be a bit of an annoyance, especially when you attempt to afk ride or fish as to not crowd the cities, you still get people ruining it by either killing you or knocking you off your horse.- The game is extremely anti-consumer...
[REDi]1R LCPL Brad Cage	Recommended	11.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Brad_Cage/	Black Desert Online isn't like a lot of other MMORPGs or even MMOs or RPGs (separately).In many other gaming experiences, you very often know what you are supposed to do next, or are given very clear options. But in Black Desert there is so much you could do, so much to choose from, it can be very overwhelming.Your objective (after you have finished the tutorial) is really what you choose it to be. that makes it sound unfocused, but I don't believe it to be unfocused; more, I view it as open.Now don’t get me wrong; you have quests, inventory, even a story, all the normal MMO stuff; but what you choose to do with that, is up to you..So you could decide to play it like other MMOs; level up, and kick those bad guys butts! (etc.)Or (after you have finished the tutorial)You might decide not to be a fighter, you might decide to be a fisherman (or woman), and never fight.And that could work! Being a fisher is a profession in Black Desert; a real money making job. You could make enough money to buy a house, a horse, clothes, etc.One of the best tips I have (that I learned from someone else), is “Take your time”. Sure you could rush through things. But if that is how you like to play, this might not be the game for you. This is an Asian MMO so it has a fair bit of grinding. You will need a bit of patience.If you are a n00b like me this video will give you some tips to help you out: Black Desert Online: 10 Quick Tips for New Players  [11min]
Bruce.Finch	Not Recommended	779.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198095446749/	I guess the meme "Is this game pay 2 win?" finally has an answer.
CriminalJustice	Not Recommended	4,539.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198036351889/	I use to support this game until patch 8/29. It's becoming more p2w and no updates/buffs on classes that need them the most.
불	Not Recommended	37.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/hentaixlord/	Pay to win game, P2W, also this game really isn't as great, got to level 60 under all the time that i've played, not really a hard game to comprehend.
Conkerkid11	Recommended	35.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/conkerkid11/	Combat's fantastic. Best character creator to-date. And a ton of content for no subscription fee, and a really low price (at launch).One of the best aspects of the combat is that it can be largely played without using any hotkeys like a traditional MMO. You have the option to use the 1-9 numberbar you usually use, but you're better off using the button combos the game suggests. This game's combat is largely centered around combos. All the attacks are really cool to watch, and they only get better as you progress.Tips for Newcomers!If you bought one of the packs, you've gotta press ESC while in-game, and click the redeem button. Should open up Steam Overlay, and you can acquire all your stuff from there. They'll send it all to you in the mail after you've done that.Game's also got a lot of dumb features turned on by default. I recommend going into Settings->Game->Turn Off System Notifications, and ticking everything but Combat/Safe Zone and Ability Increased. That will get rid of all the annoying marketplace and guild banners in the top middle of the screen.I also recommend pressing CTRL to activate your cursor, clicking the gear in the top left of the chat box, and turning off System on the right portion of this screen.
Alex ッ	Not Recommended	13.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/AutGamer/	Pay to WinGrind to die
Zyron	Recommended	39.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/zyrongames/	Ok so I only meant to play this game for an hour then it ended up being around 5 hours. This game has some awesome mechanics not seen in other mmos, as well as an awesome combat system which is fast and to the point. I highly recommend this game from what Iv played so far!
sollgart	Recommended	10.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/sollgart/	Important before you buy! If you already own BDO and want to have it launch on steam and get the steam acheivements you must purchase a new account and won't be able to use your old BDO account.Visit this link for more information: [/url]BDO is an awesome game for those who love PVP.
sam412218	Not Recommended	1,404.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198031596700/	Be very wary of this game! TL:DR They will take your money, steal from you, and ban your account. For those of you who would like the whole story, here it goes. I bought BDO during the Christmas steam sale. I thought "Hey. It's only $5.00 so why not?" I started playing the game right away and fell in love with it. I even went a step further and purchased the DLC for $20.00 to get a few "exclusive items" to help me out in the game. Note that I am now $25.00 into this game.I did not stop there though. Once you get into the game, there are many paywalls that you need to throw money at in order to continue the game and keep up with other players. That was when I purchased my first $100.00 through the game for pearls (ingame special currancy). I bought my items and my investment was now at a total of $125.00. I was having fun so I thought nothing of it.After about a month, I found myself at yet another paywall and had to spend out another $100.00 dollars in order to keep going. This brought my total to $225.00. I started to feel the sting but I justified it as a "monthy" access fee of sorts. Another month went by and low and behold ANOTHER paywall popped up. I went out and bought steam cards at another $100.00 to add to my account. After that, I finally felt like I was where I needed to be. Total = $325.00.I did not believe that I would need to spend out anymore money for this game until one day something happened. I tried to log into my game and an error kept appearing. I promptly contacted thier customer service in order to get this issue resolved. First of all, their customer service sucks. They were very rude and accused me of botting when I have no idea even how to do that sort of thing. They then would send me the same generic email over and over again no matter what email I sent them. After about 10 emails, they changed their story from me "botting" to that I was "macroing". Seems like they are trying to hide something and accuse me of things that never happened. In one email I asked them for proof of the accuation but they could not provide it. Mind you, the ban happened RIGHT AFTER I SPENT THE LAST $100.00 IN THEIR STORE!This game is fun but the customer service sucks. Their is no warning system and if they want to ban you and think your cheating in anyway, they just do it. No warnings. No contact. Your account is just banned. They steal your money and run to the next person and there is nothing that you can do about it.Hopefully this review helped you and hopefully they do not take advantage of you like they did me.If anyone has any suggestions for me of what I can do in order to get my money back or do something about this company, please let me know. $325.00 is a lot of money that I could have put back into my classroom for my students.UPDATE!Here's an update to my review above since so many people had accations towards me in the comments.Most of you are understanding that there are no true paywalls. If you want to compete with any of the other players, you HAVE to pay money. You can NOT get artisan memories off of the marketplace to repair your boss gear. Thus mearning that you HAVE to pay real money to repair your gear.Pets roughly cost around $10.00 each and you will need 5 of the tier 1 pets in order to pick your items from grinding. Good luck picking them up on your own. The timer will reset and then other players will snatch your items. Gilly suits that hide you from other players are a necessity after level 50 because other players will kill you for no reason. That costs $32.00 and you can only get that from the pearl shop. Horses are the main source of transportation and at end game, you need a tier 8 horse to get around efficiently. You can buy these off the marketplace for inflated cost of in game silver. Most of these horses that you buy from the market place will really skills that you will have to reset BEFORE THE HORSE IS USEFUL. This can range anywhere from $20.00 to $50.00 in skill reset coupons.For those of you saying that I am cheating, this game encourages offline play with autorun, fishing, skill leveling. These are built into the game and ENCOURAGED! I left my PC on at night so that my character could run back and forth so she could level her skills. FINALLY, STOP CALLING ME A DUDE!!!! I'm a girl!!!!c
Royal Tomato	Recommended	62.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/RoyalTomato/	Wow, okay this will be my first legit review for any game ever. please keep in mind that these sort of games are my favourite kind to play, so althoug imperfect, i may be a little biassed towards it.I was very cautious when considering whether to buy this game or not. The Steam reviews have not been so good so I really fought with myself for two days before crumbling under the pressure and buying it. I mean what's the worst that can happen? I paid $6. After playing for a little bit over the span of two days, i have quickly realised that this game has consumed over thirty hours of my life. I realised that Steam reviews can't always be trusted, considering that this game has less than perfect reviews, but I do know this type of game isn't for everybody. Everybody has their tastes, and I STRONGLY suggest you at least give this game a try. You get a free two hours afterall. I will warn you though, you may easily waste two hours creating a character so i suggest you use a base character and go straight into the game to really get a feel for it. I'll also say that you should NOT go into this game expecting an RPG game. it is NOT an RPG. I would consider this game closer to a Sandbox MMO, due to the fact that you'll find yourself not really roleplaying all that much like you would in games like Skyrim or Runescape even. You can be a fisherman in this game or a trader, but you'll feel the same way doing both of those activities, although they are so diverse. so now that we have that out of the way, I will say that this is one of the best Sandbox games that I have played in ages.First impressions: I will admit that I still have no idea what Im doing in this game and there are all sorts of items and little things that buff your items that I have no experience with. Google hasn't been able to really help me always, but so far 99% of the players in the game are more than happy to assist me. I have barely explored the world, so there will be all sorts of features probably left out of this review, but after thirty hours, i feel that a review is appopriate.Pros:-Epic combat-Beautiful graphics-A dozen of skills to spend hours training-Massive open world-Decent servers (mostly)-Autorun feature (no quick teleport so this feature is a godsend)-An interesting Node system that allows you to own properties (I haven't fully explored this feature so please Google it if you're interested in learning more)-A marketplace that allows players to trade universally with each other-Guilds/ Clans allow you to interact with other players and become a part of the communityCons:-you need to pay real money to really make your character look any different-The game can stutter at times-servers are sometimes unstable during the day-Sometimes the chat can become a toxic mess (can disable)-The UI can get a little spammy (can disable)-Sometimes it really feels like there's too much to do and might become overwhelmed-Once you get to a higher level, killing enemies becomes very very easy-Can't do individual trading with other playersAll in all there really is no need to ever pay more money than what you paid in the original price. most things that can be bought with real money can be aquired from a few days of grinding. This game is not perfect, but it has been such an enjoyable experience for me. The best advice i can give anybody considering buying this game is to not expect an rpg like WoW or Runescape, but instead expect an openworld Sandbox style MMO. Another thing to keep in mind is to not take this game too seriously. I have seen countless people complain over "the grind" in the game istelf. yes there does involve a bit of grinding, but if you play this game somewhat casually to have a fun time and waste some time, then the grind feels much more enjoyable. For people who have played Runescape (Specifically Classic), the grind in that is much worse than the grind in this so it shouldn't be a problem for those people. Players will definitely need to invest some time in this game to get far, but so far after thirty hours, it has not once felt like a chore to me. I STRONGLY recommend that anybody buy this game and give it a try for $6, but i do believe that once this game is no longer on sale, The price is still very much worth it. The game normally is $10.99. Even investing a mere twenty hours into this game means you've gotten your money's worth, and I know that for me, I can easily put 100 more hours into this game. After casually playing for thirty hours, I have ONLY discovered 8% of the world. This game truly has so much content in it. Im so pleased that this game has been brought to Steam because before that, I had never heard of it. i would love to see this community grow bigger in the future. I strongly advise you to at least give this game a try. You may be strongly pleased, and if not, that's perfectly okay too! This review definitely isn't very well thought out or written, but after over a day of constant enjoyment, I figured that I had to write a review for this game, because I strongly believe that this game is of higher quality than what the overall rating for this game displays. After 100 hours i might realise there's a fatal error in this game, and if there is, I'll be sure to update the review. For the time being I know there are many many people on the fence whether to buy this game or not, and i hope I helped a few people make a final decision.*Update* Sorry for any confusion when I list this game as a "Sandbox MMO" I know it's sort of vague, but I believe that calling this game an RPG is a little misleading because you'll find that you don't really do any real roleplaying in this game. There is a roleplay chat, but people just use it to casually discuss certain things about the game. People with a good imagination can easily roleplay in this game, however. ie. Fisherman,trader, lumberjack, cook, ect. I'll try to find a better thing to call this game. A fantasy Sandbox MMO? It definitely has Rolep-laying potential, but I don't think many people see it as an RPG. The reason I define it more as a "Sandbox game" is because you can run around for hours doing nothing of any importance and you can have fun. I love wandering around without an reason similarly to how i would in minecraft. All in all everybody might have a different genre to consider this game, but I do apologise if I caused any confusion by considering it simply a "sandbox MMO"
Kiksadi	Not Recommended	6.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kiksadi/	Product received for free
Stips	Not Recommended	16.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198134248082/	Pay 2 Win
wilson	Not Recommended	307.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Wilsonx25/	Amazing combat and beautiful game, too bad they ruined it with the awful cash shop and pay to win♥♥♥♥♥♥
T L	Not Recommended	203.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/easwallows/	You rely on rng way too much. By the time you've played over 200 hours, you realize its 90% a luck based game.
Stips	Not Recommended	16.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198134248082/	Pay 2 Win
Eljudnir	Not Recommended	9,040.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/xXBigfootsdck/	The game had issues before this patch but overall I was still enjoying it, now it has went full P2W and no one should even bother unless they plan on spending money on the game constantly.
Frazzl3Dazzl3	Recommended	6,868.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198093680478/	Best AFK simulator 2017
KaizerElectric	Recommended	2,207.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198216211007/	I've played BDO for over 1000 hours and I'll tell you the facts you need to know that you are probably wondering.FIrstly, it is not p2w. Unless you have thousands (and i mean thousands of dollars) to spend on the game even then you need to win bids in the marketplace from people that have actually earned their currencies in-game to get any item worth that amount (pe-ordering isnt gauranteed). Pets can be brought that give you an edgebut these things can wait. First you want to complete the whole game (100% completion) and by the time you have done that you will have a few pets free from events. The system in the game really rewards effort, if you are loyal and willing to put in effort daily doing mundane life skilling, crafting, cooking, worker nodes etc you can get very wealthy more wealthy than people who spend money on the game.Skill customization isn't so great. You can choose to customize certain skills with buffs but it all really ends up being the same in the end. The worst part of the game has to be the enchanting system. To get any decent items you will need to LOVE gambling and LOVE failing and gambling at higher stakes. Grinding hours to get a load of currencies and blow it all just to destroy the durability on your armour or weapon. If you die any crystal sockets may be destroyed some crystals costing millions.The risk versus reward is really unbalanced especially when essentially your just gambling boring time doing repetitive tasks to gain currencies feels bad man when you lose.The community isn't that great unless your in a guild The game is big but sometimes you see the same player you partied with again but it seems like everyone is too busy trying to be the best to help someone out.Ok now i have to stress that there is a way to play BDO to enjoy it. Don't try to powerlevel yourself or just become the "best" forget about other players and focus on the game itself. There is a rich world where you can immerse yourself in and really enjoy. Finish ALL the quests, interact with everything you can interact with and try to gain as much knowledge as possible to get the extra drop chance percentage. Don't worry about currencies or getting good gear that will come in time, you can eventually catch up to higher level players in gear but probably not in life skilling. And grinding to level 60 straight off will make you sick of the game. So i recommend leveling to 56, do your awakening quest and exploring all that the game has to offer. Like for instance, horse taming, trading, crafting, sailing, boss battles etcGraphics are great. Sound is good. Character customization is goo. Gameplay is fun. Tons of content.Hope it helps.
Rickster James	Recommended	61.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/RicksterJames/	This game's a ♥♥♥♥♥ to learn, but once you do it turns into a fantastic mmorpg. If you buy this game, go into it with a chill mindset because this game is NOT like other MMOs.  It's hard to learn, even after 3 hours of watching guides (like wtf how do i even use nodes.) But it's very rewarding and relaxing to play when you have a few friends and learn stuff together. I got this game when it was 6$ and i think considering my playtime now, that was definitely worth it.
[STX] Fayled Xperiment	Recommended	1,758.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/fayled_xperiment/	+ good combat / skill system+ nice graphics+trade market: you can buy pets, costumes & value packs (from cash shop) also on the normal trade market when for sale via bidding+ loyalty system > you get 100 loyalty / day (if logged in) to buy some stuff from the cash shop (you also get some login and e.g playtime bonuses in addition over time)+ it is one large map where you can run from one end to the other without a single loadscreen (or have bought / crafted a boat for some of the islands)mixed (depends on your POV):~ this is mostly a grinding game, so if you like to quest, you can and reach the higher levels, or just do the tutorials to some point and grind your way up...it's up to everyone how they want to play)~ story / quests is okay, but nothing extraordinary~ after lvl 50 the game has open world PvP...so you can attack anyone or be attacked by anyone after that if PvP is activated by the one starting it~ you can do a lot of  job-related stuff while being afk (fishing, cooking etc.) as long as you stay logged in (no auto-logout) negative:- community / public chat channels (loads of cancer as in most MMOs)- lots of PvP griefers - real money stuff from the cash shop is quite expensive and mostly character bound (costumes, inventory expansions...) except for e.g. pets- the standard pop-up settings of the game can be quite annyoing because every second something shows up, but it can be turned off in the menu in different parts- sometimes if not looked after carefully in the graphics menu the "energy save mode" will be activated which will result in a log of laggingthere is still more, but i wanted to keep this short
Elon Musk	Not Recommended	198.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198012151274/	Once you spend hours getting to endgame you realise the point of the game is to just grind non stop until you have the most silver. No dungeons, I guess you can raid some bosses. PVP is crap, you have to be fully geared in order to do anything in PVP, other mmos have level matching which would be better.I loved this game for a while, spent all day and night playing, once I started getting more experienced I realized that they make a lot of small things very inconvenient to where you are forced to buy more stuff from the pearl shop, such as pets to pick up loot fast enough, or maids and extra inventory space because you get over-encumbered so fast.The game has beautiful graphics and amazing combat, I just wish they didn't make it a grind fest and force us to buy all these things. If you have no life, get this game because you can't do anything until 150+ hours. It became to where I felt like I needed to play and my life revolved around the game. I feel like a weight is off my shoulders now that I stopped playing.
byblo	Not Recommended	0.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/byblo/	Rootkit/anticheat Xingcode3 silently installing itself as a Windows service without any user consent or warning !This third-app is NOT mentionned on the Steam store.Recommended reading about it: http://forum.blackdesertonline.com/index.php?/topic/38734-anti-cheat-protection/ 
ChunChunYunYun	Recommended	104.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198032023599/	It's kinda like Runescape but with graphics
Tzunny	Not Recommended	1.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Tzunny/	Product received for free
Tzunny	Not Recommended	1.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Tzunny/	Product received for free
TigerWarrior24	Not Recommended	48.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/tigerwarrior24/	You know, after 7 of my friends and I bought this game and all "played together" every waking moment for 3 days straight, I have to say... This is probably the loneliest MMORPG out there.I haven't played ALL of the big name MMORPGs, but this game just feels... so damn lonely. We were all in a Discord chat together talking, hanging out, and discussing the game, but only for about an hour -- at most -- did we ever actually do anything together, and that was all of us just messing around with the duelling option. Other than that, the experience is completely solo. All the real people in-game just feel like extensions of AI that cluttered up my screen and took up CPU usage. I mean, you literally do nothing with anyone else. Nothing. Endgame is a different story, but through the levelling and exploration and crafting process, there is zero player interaction, unless you want to waste in-game energy points messaging in chat, that is.I convinced all my friends to buy this game in hopes of all of us playing and interacting and questing and raiding together, but this game disappointed me in that regards to a point where I would not reccomend this game to anyone looking to play with their friends or to socially interact in any meaningful way for at least 50-60 hours (if you don't just treadmill grind your way to level 55 as fast as possible and try to join a guild, anyway). Even then, the interaction extends to your guild, at best. To me, the whole point of an MMORPG was to interact, socialize, and roleplay with your friends and the community, but this game taught me, more than in any other MMO, that nowadays this isn't a must-have in today's MMOs.
Glesra	Recommended	1,017.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/glezrazh/	(Sorry for my English, not my first language)I'm just going to recommend this game since it has helped me with anxiety. But I won't lie, the game has a lot of p2w elements. For example, you are almost required to buy more inventory/storage space. I have personally used the Pearl Shop. Let's say that before we continue.Anyway, I have to say that this is one of the best mmos I have played. Call me stupid but yes, it's true. If you have mental health issues this game could help you manage, as it has done to me. Fishing and farming are relaxing and the combat isn't that difficult (I have only pve experience) once you get used to it. What I mean by the fact that this game has helped me a tremendous amount: It has helped me calm down when I've had breakdowns or felt so anxious I haven't been able to think straight. I've had depression for 11 years now and while a game can't replace professional treatment, I think everyone who has problems with bad anxiety and likes mmos should at least give this game a shot.If character creation is important to you, then this game is going to fulfill your dreams. I have been looking for a game with in-depth character customization and hoo boy, this game has just it. You're able to change your character's facial and body structure to almost whatever you like.As for the game's content, I'm going to be honest once again: The main storyline, I couldn't give a damn about it. It has repetitive quests and tells you to kill enemies, there tries to be some kind of a story but it isn't memorable at all. I don't even remember the cutscenes. So if you're looking for a story-driven game, don't look into this game anymore.I'm a lifeskiller in this game and like slow progression. This game makes you work for what you want to achieve, and that's something I like. Grindy? Yes, very. Relaxing? Yes, totally. There are multiple life-skills and you can level all of them, there's no specialization system. My personal favorites are cooking and farming. There's also a sailing system in the game but in my personal opinion it feels a bit flat.So yes, this game isn't perfect, not at all. But if you're like me, you could find this game helpful. I'm sure there are better games out there but I just can't leave this game without a recommendation once it has helped me so much.
Ensvey	Not Recommended	159.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/DiscoZombie/	Amazingly beautiful for an MMO, inventive mechanics, and really fun to play, too. But, I had to force myself to stop playing after finding out that the endgame is nothing but endless grind. I mean, in a sense, the endgame of all MMOs is an endless grind, but grinding raids for phat loot in most MMOs is different than grinding random trash mobs for xp, equipment upgrades, and gold in BDO. Whoever you are, your time is worth more than that.
xDarkxGamingx	Recommended	325.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198071541103/	This game is amazing.  But I'm going to give you my opinion on the "P2W" System. And the Value of this game.The "P2W" features are Pets, Cosmetics, Inventory Space, and Weight Limit. PETS: The Pets will loot for you on a small cooldown (4-10 seconds). Can Use up to 4 at a time. Greatly speeds up grinding.Alot of games do this now or add in a a loot radius feature. This game doesn't have a subscription so they opted for the pet method.  Also these can be bought in game for silver. Rather cheaply even..just pretty rare to come across.COSMETICS: The Cosmetics do "help" in game a bit. For example, all Underwear adds +1 Luck.  The outfits that people seem to complain about being P2W however They hide your name. (How OP!! /sarcasm)INVENTORY SPACE: You Can have a total of 192 slots of inventory space.  You get some spaces for free while you are lvling and questing. You can buy 1,4,8, or 16 more slots through the CS. Now, you think this is bad but once you get all the spaces thats all you ever pay for it. and its 192 SLOTS I can think of plenty of larger MMO's that dont let you have half of that. WEIGHT LIMIT: Every item In BDO has weight (mostly). This is another thing you can buy and have forever. And yes it will help you while grinding. This combined with the Inventory Space will minimize your need to return to town to sell your spoils. Now that we have Covered all the "issues" Lets go over how much all this will cost you should you decide you want it. (Note: you can still play just fine w/o any of it. All they are is QoL features really.)Base Game: $9.99 USDPets: 11.00 each lets say you buy 4  so $44.00 USDCosmetics: The " P2W" PvP costume Costs $34.00. The Underwear costs $7.00 USDInventory Space:  For this are just gonna do the +16 Inventory Expansion you would need about 10 of these to max out they cost $14.50 USD Each so about $145.00 USDWeight Limit: You can buy 200 LT, 150 LT, 100 LT, and 50 LT Coupons. You can use each of these only once per character for a Total of 500 more LT. Assuming you buy all of these they will cost you  $46.00 USDOk, So what we have here is a total cost of all the "P2W" that is deemed "Nessesary" and the game itself. Which totals to:  $289.99 USDSounds like alot right? But heres the thing. 1. You need none of this stuff. and2. WoW has cost me about $1400.00 USD ($420.00 just for the game.) and that isnt including Pets, Mounts, ETC.. And I still don't have  192 Slots of Inventory.And that cost you can pay for it over time.... 10 bucks here and there wont be missed even by the poorest of people.
HODOR	Not Recommended	3,501.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/nimnim/	DO not buy this game. Trust me. The developers of the game are extremely clueless and destructive towards the game. You will invest time in the game, only to find the developers doing absolute nonesensical changes to the game in order to ruin the fun. They do not understand their own game and their own classes. They do not listen to the player base, despite lying about it. Save yourself the time, otherwise you will be dissapointed like many of us. The developers invest more of their time figuring out how to milk money out of their players, rather than figuring out how to properly improve their game. They "act" like they are trying to improve their game, however don't let this fool you. They have ruined their game with countless of ridiculously stupid changes over the past months.
A^ng3l	Not Recommended	905.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Ang3lxxx/	If you wanna spend 900 hours and over $100 just to end up with the worst RNG possible and be back where u were at 100 hours, this is the game for you. Look no further! Its got horrible loot drop rates, an always failing gear upgrading system and a pearl shop that u can't help but wanna buy at least 5 pets and prety much every outfit.
Jhc	Not Recommended	6,181.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/awzmgaming/	They finally went full P2W (': nice going guys. Blizz and Anet gonna send you some love letters for that.
Lazyleader	Not Recommended	5,751.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Lazyleader/	They introduced more pay to win mechanics. For the best items in the game you had to play for years to aquire them. Now you can just pay an average of 2000€ to get them. The game is beautiful, but the developer and publisher are scammers.
Just Hole	Not Recommended	140.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198115283643/	P2W don't play, waste of time
Just A Damn Weeaboo	Not Recommended	150.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198017535408/	Right after making changes to the game to try to make it more appealing,They announce a Pay to Win system.Grats.
Matrix Dru	Not Recommended	85.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/matrixdru/	This game definitely seems like an amazing game until you get about 80 hours in... This game has dope combat and graphics.... But that's about it. Whoever made this game ruuined their opportunity to overthrow top title games by making BDO into a hellish grindfest like no other game, where afk farming is needed to stay VIABLE. Honestly........... A game where you spend more time AFK autorunning than actually playing is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. The map is huge, but there's no fast travelling... There are no DUNGEONS... This game has no structure, it's all about going off on your own and spamming the same task from morning to night so you can sell♥♥♥♥♥♥in the town after afk autorunning back there for an HOUR. Not to mention at level 50+ you will have to grind for days just to get one level up, then weeks, then months, then years at level 60+ NO JOKE... Honesty wtf were they thinking.
Kuantum	Not Recommended	43.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198024277343/	Pay to Win.
SuperMeowGuy	Not Recommended	24.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Olledenfjollede/	Trash p2w
♿	Recommended	803.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/CantEvenTry/	All i do is fish tbh..
Beto	Not Recommended	2,121.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/betothestorm/	Pros:+ Beautiful graphics for an MMO.+ Unique mechanincs such as node ownership and workers.+ Is not WoW+ Great combat feel, plays like a fighting game.Cons:- Poor class variation and balance, you are going to end up as a melee or close range assassin regardless of class.- Horrible Grind to get to a competative level (Like actually 800-1500 hours to compete in node wars).- Rediculous Pay2Win items.- Poorly optimized.- Bug ridden and poor compatability with other programs.- Terrible PvE difficulty scaling.While it is welcome to see a game push the MMO formula, the game suffers too many flaws.
Lin	Recommended	677.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Sakuga/	I've played a lot of black desert. I played on KR server for hundreds of hours (before I got banned). After I got banned I went to JP and played on that server for hundreds of hours. Before my western friends even heard about BDO I already played it for easily over a thousand hours. When the game did come to the west I bought it day 1 for NA. Now I've just bought it day 1 on steam. Basically what I'm trying to say is I've been through a lot with this game and I have very strong emotions for it.There's so many good and bad things about this game and I have such mixed emotions towards it, I realized that no matter what review I wrote I wouldn't be happy with it so I'm going to try to keep it simple for you guys. BLACK DESERT ONLINE IS A KOREAN GRIND MMO. Just hearing those words I'm almost certain you can decide if this game is for you or not.
Selinaa ♥	Recommended	8,104.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/selinasilverfox/	In the beginning it's very hard to get a clue on what you need to do in this game. You wander around playing the story and absolving side quests to earn money for a better equip.But besides there are sooo many possibilities! For example you can become a master chef, an alchemist or a professional horse breeder. There are dozens of skills that can be improved by farming offline.  So you don't even need to sit in front of your computer to look like a sick addict :D After 10 hours of playtime with two friends of mine and a totally ridiculous guild name, I decided that this is gonna be a game I'll definately play more then 2000 hours.The game is definitely worth it's price of 9,99€ and after more than 100 bugs I've spent ingame after all this time, I would recommend buying the 'Explorer's Pakage' in the first place!!10/10
INT	Not Recommended	7,168.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/intolaniakea/	Games a waste of life. I was top 1% with 550gs games dead pvp is dead. This game will make you a bitter and jealous person. In the end you'd rather watch your girl get gangbang'd by your states football team then watch some scrub hit a sick enchant. Only ppl left are little whiney kids that like to be cucked and that pay 2 win all their gear. Dont buy this game devs dont listen to your conerns 100% a cash grab. I have 7.1k hours trust me the game is hot garbage. Dont listen to people with under 3k hours they havent even got to end game yet.
Legatus Legionis	Not Recommended	22.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198019231292/	nothing is more pay2win than this♥♥♥♥♥
SeaWaves	Not Recommended	696.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198237266418/	Black Desert Online - I have so many things to say about this game. And first off, if you don't agree, then you don't need to say anything, simply nod your head and move on. This is the game that I played for pretty much the last few months as a casual. I have to say, the visuals and graphics look amazing. The character creation menu is extremely detailed. The combat WAS fun and exciting. That's pretty much all I liked about the game. And I played it for over 400 hours. Well...kinda.I think this pretty much gives me a right to say what I think. And to be honest, at the very START of the game, I enjoyed it. It was fun, like any new game that you would get into......But then as you progress and move further in, it just ends up to be the most REPETITIVE game of grinding and moving around the entire map. Issues start appearing everywhere, lag, disconnects and worst bs ever is everyone's constantly AFK fishing or just processing next to the storage guy which thus is too much to render for an average gaming computer. CITIES just become RIDDLED WITH LAG AND CONNECTION ISSUES, just because of 30 ♥♥♥♥♥♥ THOUSAND AFK FISHERS.Oh and you're probably jealous of all those people with cool-looking outfits and gear. Don't worry, those are only for looks and their costume effects. Doesn't really affect gameplay but you'll still want it. Well, you can go check their bullsht Pearl store which pretty much have those costumes you're looking for except you have to pay like 20-50 bucks to get anything decent. At that point....it REALLY isn't worth it. Game companies be making money, NOT making good games. Microtransactions are the future boiiis-♥♥♥♥♥THAT.And might I add, the enhancement system is also extreme BS based off RNG and luck, which is torture for those who tried so much to upgrade their gear to TRI or TET, only to realise that they just wasted their time and have to go back and get the previous enhancement because it downgrades if you fail.Another thing: PVP. Which is the most horrid thing that I've seen in my life. And yeah, I know, I should've known what I was getting into before I played because clearly this game isn't for me. Once you reach level 50 and complete a certain quest, PVP will be available. From that point on, everyone because massive a-holes and sh*theads besides your friends and guild members, pretty much all you can trust. If you don't have that, then you're pretty much fcked if you try to grind alone. Everyone will no longer want to share their grindspots EVEN though there's like plenty of other areas. And to make it worse, they'll attack you on sight if they see you anywhere close to you. Then probably spouting some insults in regards you being a scrub or how they fcked you up in the♥♥♥♥♥ Which brings me to my next point which is the toxicity in the BDO community. If you can't handle everyone constantly killing each other for petty reasons or constantly insulting each other, then maybe....this game isn't for you too. Some point either early or mid game, you're gonna pretty much ditch it because of how repetitive this sht is. And then you realise you've also become one of those AFK fishers racking up hours in game. Not only that but it's difficult to actually progress anywhere beyond level 56. I have to admit, getting your awakening is pretty badass but only for like a week or two before you realise you can still get your♥♥♥♥♥handed to.So yeah. Toxic community, forced PVP, 30 billion AFk fishers, extreme lag issues and disconnects, death threats, bullsht enhancement system, and a-holes that kill on sight and pretty much everything. This...is why I quit. If you want to play just to see for yourself, don't waste more that 50 hours on it. Heck don't play it at all. I've said everything at this point. Don't play this money stealing garbage.Oh, they also install the anticheat rootkit thing. Even if you uninstall BDO, you'll still have it on your computer, scanning the last 48 hours for bs. If you cheat, you get banned. Just a little heads up. 
Suppaphly	Not Recommended	1.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198115241408/	Product received for free
Syber	Not Recommended	43.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/syberious/	p2w
ghost2296	Not Recommended	53.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198056056103/	They Ruined it PLAY TO ♥♥♥♥ING WIN GOOD JOB ASSHATS YOU HAD THE MOST BEAUTIFUL GAME AND YOU RUINED IT RUINED ♥♥♥♥ING RUINED
Darth Hippious	Not Recommended	23.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198284036779/	P2WAFK farmingNeed i say more?
Amaterasu	Not Recommended	2,019.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198308274259/	Good game mechanics and a lot of potencial, but saddly with the newest patch they abused a lot of the p2w system. It's unfair with the newest players or those without a lot of  time to invest on the game, unless you pay lots of money to get or buy soft cap gear that it's almost impossible to get with the rng method.
✪Carbine	Not Recommended	658.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Carbineze/	P2W
Spooky	Not Recommended	1,983.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198399168665/	The game is beautiful. It will suck you in, and then you realize the community is just memes, the support team do not care to help fix their mistakes, the end game is processing, cooking, and fishing, and every single thing you do will be roll of the dice. Your hard work doesn't matter, your money doesn't matter, as all that matters is how much of your life you let this failure simulation game devour. Just walk away, man. Don't give your money to this Korean casino.10/10 would delete my tet Kzarka and tet Dandy again
EvilCheeseBurger	Not Recommended	104.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198222009016/	Just no, greedy developers(even way before the new updates), toxic community, and the game just gets boring really quick.
⎛⎝AmnesiA⎠⎞	Recommended	3,304.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/AmnesiA-KaBoom/	I have been wanting to make this review for some time now... It's my second so far so pardon any mistakes I may have.So, there is a lot to cover when reviewing this game. I personally enjoy it. Nonetheless it has more than one thing that a lot of people really cannot stand and make them immediately leave the game. Let's get into the bad and good things one by one, shall we?So, to begin with the game offers a varity of classes, even though there are three or two pair of classes that are the same but just in defferent sex and with little difference, it offers very different gameplays and enjoyment for whether you want more to PvE or PvP, and two or three with both and fairly balanced. So, do not drop this game if you began with the wrong class, choose the one that fits your style the best. (Note: the classes that have boobs are the best, including Tamer, the loli.)Something about MMOs is that they have so many more stuff aside from PvE/PvP-ing, but this one in particular stands out, its got so many more stuff to do, I have been playing for a bit over 1000 hours and there still are things I don't know very well how they work but just really because I didn't get too in-depth with them, so, if you get bored while playing this, it's most likely because you just don't even know the options.Now... The bad things... Even though they're not that many, the few it does have really make a lot of people hate the game, even players like me who do like it and play it a lot, cannot help but to hate it to death.Pearl Abyss, better known between players as Greedy Abyss. You have to pay an insane amount of money to get outfits and a lot of other sutff in the game, despite the fact it has a marketplace with game currency, it's through bidding which is the worst, my god it's awful. How will you feel paying 30-40 € for some fancy pixels? It's horrendous.Enchanting system may just honestly be the worst system in all MMOs games to ever exist, it's truly a challenge to find enough adjectives to describe how afwul, disgusting, unfair, stupid and frustating it is. It's so complex that I can't just explain it here how it is cause it'd take too long, but to cut it short, once you get to really know how it is, it makes you want to vomit.TL;DR. The game overall is very entertaining, especially in the beginning, but it can quickly become boring and dull once you see how it really is unless you do the right things like joining a guild, get involved with people. Overall score: 8/10.
Lemonsqez	Recommended	769.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Lemonsqez/	from the 680 hours i've gotten from this 10€ game i would say it is worth it, sure there is alot of rng in the game and if you want to pvp then you better be prepared to grind and grind and grind forever to get good gear, but if you want to play this game for pve or lifeskills i recommend this game because its really relaxing and there are so many different ways to play the game.Best Fishing Simulator of the century
Inasyah 🐾	Recommended	0.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/dwaynas_avatar/	Best AFK Simulator currently out there.The Graphics are good too. Also the combat. B2P btw.Already better than 99% of all MMOs out there. Must buy on sales. Even worth fullprice.
Not SpArk	Recommended	5,438.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/samuelspark/	Best MMO I've played in a LONG time. Combat is excellent, graphics are gorgeous, and there's always so much to do. While money does provide a slight advantage (ie. grinding/lifeskills efficiency) it's very hard to directly translate real money to ingame currency. A $30 outfit is only 25 mil which is 1-2 days of playing the game even for a low level. What can get frustrating is the RNG, but that's one of the primary ways they solve inflation in this game.
Jadetsu	Recommended	219.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jadetsu/	Great game, very good graphics for an MMORPG and it's a grindfest. (like a lot of my favourite games)Pros:+ Grinding+ A lively and huge world+ Lots to do+ Great graphics+ Extensive fighting systemCons:- Grinding- Servers get full sometimes- Not very massively multiplayer, you mostly play alone 
Meteonyker	Not Recommended	3,206.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/rctcool0/	I have never seen developers screw up a game so badly. Every patch makes the game more frustrating to play based on "player feedback", and it feels like every update is rushed and untested. Cash shop items are insanely overpriced, enhancing system is cancer, marketplace is laggy and annoying, but hey at least the game looks pretty!A majority of the hours I've spent on this game were spent afk crafting overnight and at work.
fenlander	Recommended	22.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/fenlander/	I have played this game since its release in the West and I really do like it. A brilliantly crafted MMORPG with an indepth trade system via node management. Players can craft all the equipment they can use in the game, so if you want a boat to sail the oceans, build one. Need a wagon to carry more items for trade routes make it. The details to the game world from where npcs will actually close up shop at night time right down to the weather systems and water effects on the ground and character models really make this game stand out. When placed side by side to other mmos at the moment BDO looks amazing and far in advance over the competition when it comes to art style and graphics. (Why is it always the Koreans who can make beautiful looking games? ) Combat is fluid and fast, the animations are never a problem either like some other mmos. For me it is a perfect mmo due to the lack of raids, I have played other mmos where a lot of the content is locked behind raid walls, as someone who doesn't get a lot of spare time this means usually most of the high end content is locked behind these walls for me.
Matt	Recommended	186.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ma-ttt/	Bite Size Review - Black Desert OnlineThe Good:- Graphics look really good- Character creation is really extensive- The entire game world is open, no loading screens after the first one when you log in- Combo based combat feels good and make the game more interesting- Life skills remind me of Runescape (meaning there is a lot to do and master more than just combat)The Bad:- The game is very grindy, some people will love it, others will hate it- The game is not very well optimized (out in the world it's ok, but as soon as you get into a city with other players, the frame rate drops like crazy)- PvE AI and variety is pretty poor, most enemies just walk toward you like zombies- You need to buy the game, but it does feel like a Free to Play game- PVP is based heavy on gear, meaning only the players that put 1000s of hours in will be competitive- RNG Loot Upgrade systems can be a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥br>- No dungeons or any interesting PvE content, Endgame is very much focused on PvP- The real money shop in the game, does sell items that do give players and edge over each other- Many of the systems in this game, REQUIRE you to leave your computer logged into the game to function (energy and workers)The Verdict:The graphics look amazing as you zoom in on your characters and notice the details in their faces. There are many different and interesting classes to pick and choose from. The life skills are fun to mess around with and level up as well, this part of the game reminds me a lot like Runescape with all of it's skills and I really enjoyed this part of the game. However the PvE and PvP part of the game is where other systems in the game clash with each other and make it extremely hard to feel competitive. The RNG loot upgrade system, having to remain logged in for your character to gain energy, having to remain logged in for your workers to work.So here's how the worker system functions - you send your workers out to work on harvesting raw materials or making items in little workshops that you can use or sell to other players. Now logically you would think you could tell your workers to work, set them all up at the end of the day, and then log out for the night and come back in the morning and have a whole new bunch of stuff to play around with. Logical right? But in this game that is not the case - you have to be logged in to the game in order for your workers to work! In a day and age when every single person on the planet is encouraged to conserve energy this makes no sense to me. And it's not like the people leaving their computers on are more dedicated to the game or anything, they are away from their keyboards too. Everyone needs to sleep, I just don't want to leave my computer on all night etc. Bottom line: It sucks and since I am not willing to leave my comp on 24/7 I feel like others who do make millions more per day than me, and it is hard to stay competitive with them since money in their game is everything. I am not a hippie type wanting to save the planet or anything but really though - why the ♥♥♥♥ do we need to keep our computers on for these systems to function? It does not make sense. EVE Online is another MMO that has similarly deep systems, but EVE lets you log out and have processes that you setup, and they continue when you turn your computer off for the night - and I wish this game functioned in the same way. Overall I would say BDO is an OK game.  The PVP is apparently really fun to play and the graphics are stunning for an MMO. The life skills are also really good and fun to do for awhile. However as I have said there are a few parts to this game that really♥♥♥♥♥♥me off - and these parts make it seem hard for a new player to catch up to the top elite. But at the end of the day, I paid $7 for it so I feel like I got my money's worth just messing around in the game world.
Vd3R	Recommended	1,018.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/MrVad3r/	Hi,this is my first MMO and let me give you my thoughts about this game (as of july 2017)my taste in games: i love games like witcher 3, skyrim, endless legend and i almost play 4 - 5 games of dota 2 every day.its been 2 weeks since i have been playing this game  and i gotto say as a newcomer this game is lot welcoming and looks amazing for a mmo. i bought WoW and tried it a bit but i couldnt never get into it. maybe its because of monthly subcription fee or the engine looks vastly dated to me. i found this game in steam sale and it was like 8 bucks with no sub fee so i gave it a try. i have to tell you i think i got my money's worth already. So as a starter i think you will have to look up few beginner videos on youtube or you might get lost but once you get the hang of what nodes are how to explore and allocate workers etc.. you will have so many options to do. i am still learning something new every hour.i been looking the ingame store and i dont get why people are saying this game is focussed on micro transactions. so far 2 weeks in i dont really had to buy anything and i see most of those store items are cosmetics which i think i will invest to support the devs later. see if i love the game i am willing to shell more dollars like in dota i spents so much money in it.. it lets devs to provide more content especially when the game is so cheap to start with and u can do eveything without paying a single dime after u buy the base game. regarding so called rootkit : i think lot of people here complaining abt that software has no clue what it does. it only runs when the game is up and the devs even showed the location of the file to remove manually after the game is removed. its not that hard.. just one key and a sys file to be deleted if you dont like the game.  have no reason why people are dumb enough to give thumbs down for this.this is not a review and more like 1st impressions. i will try to update it when i get deeper into game. but for any new commer to this mmo i definetly think its worth the 8$ price tag or even the 10$ without the discount. you will get your moneys worth just exploring the map and doing black spirit quest alone. i cant speak for hard core mmo's but i know there is lot of grinding involved and i am loving killing mobs and learning combos with skill. really guys there is lot of content in this game if you can get the basics.i really suggest you to look up "BDO for begginners" in youtube before you start the game and just watch the full video to understand the basics. then i am 100% sure u can decide if you will like the game or not.try to read up this too:https://www.reddit.com/r/blackdesertonline/comments/6a1vp6/a_true_bdo_newbie_guide_from_a_newbie/I dont think this is pay to win game or revolves around micro transaction stores. you can do everything without paying a dime and still enjoy the game.  and this is coming from a mmo rookie perspective so keep that in mind.i liked this game so much that i actually bought 2 more copies to my friends so that they can play with me :Dgripe: there is region restriction and hope they get enough money to get servers for rest of the world. i am currently playing at higher ping as i have to play in USA servers. i mean its 150 ping but still would love if people apart from NA and EU are allowed to play.
harmless d3mon	Recommended	33.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/harmlessd3mon/	Dont play if you have a life, this game can and will take up most of your time, i started playing about 3 days ago, and its been the only game ive been playing, the graphics are amazing, the fighting is super smooth, i have nothing bad to say about this game, but if you have a job kids or a wife (maybe even a husband) , i wouldnt  recommend this game, if you have no life or just have a bunch of free time cause your super ritch, go for it, its a great experience, besides the community, just ignore most people and you will be fine.
:boney:	Recommended	1,657.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SolRipper/	It's aight but striker is a thing so...
..	Recommended	345.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198233184524/	Why I recommend this gameI have really liked playing this game, its cheap (£6.99), there is a ridiculous amount of content, there is a huge map and I really enjoy the combat. If you like open-world style games or MMORPGs then you will likely enjoy this game!
Dalai Boychick	Not Recommended	960.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/DalaiPanda/	It's just not worth it..Not the time, nor the money you put into it.I'm down 200eu and 600+ hours, so learn from my mistakes..As for an actual review;~Graphics are sublime, but one of the the major problems is that the game is optimised exceptionally bad, as soon as a world boss decides to present itself after a spawn window of 4 hours my fps drops deeper than my will to live.~Combat is amazing, it's basically a HnS MMO, that being said, this is only of value in the single-player, and maybe co-op (up to 4 people if you have a lot of friends) aspect of the game. If there are more than 4 people in a radius of 30meters around you, you WILL collide with them, and in the case of world bosses will mean your inevitable end, because you will have to dodge mechanics before they're even visible without having any direction to move in because of bodyblocks.~Cool class system, this game has a wide variety of classes that have special cool "awakenings". EXCEPT IF YOU PLAY KUNOICHI, trust me on this, if you end up ignoring my warning and start playing this hell-hole of a game, at least don't play Kuno, the game hates Kunos.. your "Awakening" is a giant metal hoola-hoop that you swing around which at first sight seems really cool,  but the magic wears off.. besides that you are literally the weakest and hardest to play class in the game.There is an infinite amount of other things to complain about in this little review, but I'm affraid I'll suffer from PTSD if I try to remember more at this point.Just spare yourself the trouble, don't buy BDO.. 
gingerfloppsy	Not Recommended	103.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198313514995/	Fun to be had but don't expect a great story or the most intresting quests ever. If you love grinding, you don't mind doing very similar tasks over and over again and you are looking for a detailed MMO to dive into then this is definetly an option for you. The graphics are great, the combat is fun (but can be kind of spammy) and looks amazing, the classes are great and some of the concepts and locations in this game are really cool. But be warned, micro-transactions, grinding, repetetion, and RNG are all massive parts of this game and thats fine, if you enjoy that kind of thing but for the average player... You need to put ridiculous amounts of time into this game, you need to really not mind doing the same thing over and over again and you really have to not mind the non-existence of a good story (or really a story at all).
Ｍｏｔｉｏｎａｌ	Recommended	379.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Motional/	The game gave me the title "No Life." Think that describes how much I love this game.
Naysayer	Recommended	205.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/NaysayerBK/	This is my first time playing a MMO and I'm really enjoying it, everywhere seems busy and a lot of people, and lots of things to do, and I LOVE the worker system where you can automate mines and forestry camps to make you money. Great feature.
DemonKilla408	Recommended	8.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/DemonKilla408_/	Great MMORPG I love it! This game is a great game and is constantly improving!
ovo	Recommended	78.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/nofrauds/	The Rootkit this game installed completely stole my Loli image collection.They have great taste in Lolis.
Pacifinch	Not Recommended	84.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198179186301/	BDO's early and mid game is very strong. The vast world, mixed with the game's decent graphics draws players in. While grindy, the early and mid game gives you a sense of accomplishment and meaning. You can grind areas for better gear, figure out how to play the game, do quests, ect. However, after a varying period of time, the game tanks in quality. After figuring out a play style, grinding becomes long hours of mindless clicking to level up a single level. Getting better items loses its fun, as you either play with the game's bullsh*t RNG system or simply buy gear. Bonuses given at the beginning start to go away, and make the game much more annoying/time consuming. To counter this you're either forced to grind 10x harder than everyone else, or spend even more money in the shop. Getting materials and leveling other areas requires you to leave your computer on overnight for days or weeks, slowly consuming your life all together for no good reason. The reason for playing starts to stem from a player's OCD, instead of enjoyment. Don't let this game rob you of your time and money. It simply isn't worth it.
ChalzZy	Recommended	38.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ChalzZy/	 Play it, before you judge it  Ignore my hours, I played off steam for a long time Black Desert Online first things first is a Korean MMO, grind is a big aspect of the game, end of story. Putting grind aside, there is a lot in the game, this is one of those games where the journey is more important than the destination. Black Desert doesn't have a max level cap, though it has something called a soft cap which is set at level 55. This is why it's important to try to have fun along the way by doing life skills.PositivesFun Combat, the best I've seen so far in a MMORPG.Interesting Lore.Trading.AFK Grinding.Active Servers.Community is not salty, they're mostly adults. (Debatable)No level cap. (Debatable)Fun guild activities (Node wars, guild wars)A lot of classes and characters.Simple for casual gamers, complex for competitive gamers. Character creationCraftingMountsBeautiful graphics, perfect for screenshotting. Family systemAwakening, at level 56 you get a new weapon and it completely changes the way you play the game. This can be a negative or positive for some people, it's a positive for me.Can potentially steal your lifeNegativesMarketplace is very limiting. (Limited economy)To even be somewhat competitive, you need to grind like f*ck.You need to buy clothes in the cash shop, your armour doesn't change what you look like. I like to think of it like buying skins.Slightly P2W in terms of pets and other objects. (This is debatable, I don't believe it's P2W.)Crap ping for Oceanic players... sad life for meThe party system is kind of bland. There's already goldsellers. Final Words I hope this review was helpful and that I even encouraged some players to start playing. I strongly encourage you to ignore the P2W talk, even if you decide to invest into the cash shop you will still have to invest hours into playing. Try the game because judging it, you will love it.<3
WinterRED	Not Recommended	5.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/WinterRED/	Nearly 9k hours on my non-steam account, but I wanted to write a review here because this is where a lot of new players come. So should you buy the game?1. If you care about Paying to Win: No2. If you dislike grinding: No3. If you're looking for a lot of party content to do with friends: No4. If you enjoy relaxing lifeskills: Yes5. If you enjoy fluid combat: Yes6. If you Enjoy creating high quality screenshots/videos: YesThe game is good, but the developers and publishers cannot be trusted to keep their word. If you're looking for a game with devs who genuinely look out for their players rather than trying to make money, then you're looking in the wrong place. The game economy is a mess, the combat is fraught with balancing issues, there are numerous known hacks/exploits in the game, and what do they introduce? P2W elements that were PROMISED to not be in our region.I don't know if it's the publishers or the devs, but someone out there is pushing for these changes and they don't give one♥♥♥♥♥♥about the players as people.
Miv	Not Recommended	45.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Miv5c/	love to play cash to still have p2w in it xd
BlissVi	Not Recommended	77.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/YggdrasilsRuins/	Best and most satisfying MMO combat system, with every character. Very beautiful effects and graphics too. Too bad there isn't more good to tell about this game, I have no regrets and enjoyed the experience for a while, it really felt like constant reward for grinding with the beautiful animations and exp gain till level 60.But too many things are rather messed up to name a few:-RNG upgrade system that can easily make you lose upgrades instead.-To be competitive, you gotta pay!-Linear, repetitive, unmemorable quests.-Too sandboxy for me
Anubis Streaming	Not Recommended	64.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/DanielWolfBane/	This game is trash you pay for it and they keep asking for more money you don't get your money worth to have a nice house to do anything with its about 2k real money its a consint grind to do anything takes forever to get anything in the game takes about 2 hours to harvest a wheat field or flax farm 23 hours to promote your workers there is no help in the game the AI needs more work to be honest i think they need to sell the game off to some one else that will take the time to fix it
aki	Not Recommended	3,849.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/infatuating/	p2w.
Surefacts	Recommended	3,477.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198081723135/	Dear Korean Mmo Overlords,Can we please get a server in Australia?Cheers c**ts love ya
ovo	Recommended	78.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/nofrauds/	The Rootkit this game installed completely stole my Loli image collection.They have great taste in Lolis.
Pacifinch	Not Recommended	84.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198179186301/	BDO's early and mid game is very strong. The vast world, mixed with the game's decent graphics draws players in. While grindy, the early and mid game gives you a sense of accomplishment and meaning. You can grind areas for better gear, figure out how to play the game, do quests, ect. However, after a varying period of time, the game tanks in quality. After figuring out a play style, grinding becomes long hours of mindless clicking to level up a single level. Getting better items loses its fun, as you either play with the game's bullsh*t RNG system or simply buy gear. Bonuses given at the beginning start to go away, and make the game much more annoying/time consuming. To counter this you're either forced to grind 10x harder than everyone else, or spend even more money in the shop. Getting materials and leveling other areas requires you to leave your computer on overnight for days or weeks, slowly consuming your life all together for no good reason. The reason for playing starts to stem from a player's OCD, instead of enjoyment. Don't let this game rob you of your time and money. It simply isn't worth it.
ChalzZy	Recommended	38.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ChalzZy/	 Play it, before you judge it  Ignore my hours, I played off steam for a long time Black Desert Online first things first is a Korean MMO, grind is a big aspect of the game, end of story. Putting grind aside, there is a lot in the game, this is one of those games where the journey is more important than the destination. Black Desert doesn't have a max level cap, though it has something called a soft cap which is set at level 55. This is why it's important to try to have fun along the way by doing life skills.PositivesFun Combat, the best I've seen so far in a MMORPG.Interesting Lore.Trading.AFK Grinding.Active Servers.Community is not salty, they're mostly adults. (Debatable)No level cap. (Debatable)Fun guild activities (Node wars, guild wars)A lot of classes and characters.Simple for casual gamers, complex for competitive gamers. Character creationCraftingMountsBeautiful graphics, perfect for screenshotting. Family systemAwakening, at level 56 you get a new weapon and it completely changes the way you play the game. This can be a negative or positive for some people, it's a positive for me.Can potentially steal your lifeNegativesMarketplace is very limiting. (Limited economy)To even be somewhat competitive, you need to grind like f*ck.You need to buy clothes in the cash shop, your armour doesn't change what you look like. I like to think of it like buying skins.Slightly P2W in terms of pets and other objects. (This is debatable, I don't believe it's P2W.)Crap ping for Oceanic players... sad life for meThe party system is kind of bland. There's already goldsellers. Final Words I hope this review was helpful and that I even encouraged some players to start playing. I strongly encourage you to ignore the P2W talk, even if you decide to invest into the cash shop you will still have to invest hours into playing. Try the game because judging it, you will love it.<3
Devilfiend	Not Recommended	616.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198129048469/	I'm not sure how to feel about Black Desert.When I first got this game I didn't really liked it , but as I played more it became more enjoyable ; it has an okay learning curve & pretty intresting combat (used to play WoW as my main MMORPG)The thing with this game is that it's a good mmoprg but if you wanna continue at some point you really have to spend money.It really doesn't have much content to do at the end game besides just PvP.This game is very grindy , as I said you don't have at the end game nothing much besides PvP and just upgrading your items ; the PvE system is fairly simple , you just grind mobs and that's it.My personal rating on it :Graphics : 9.5/10 - The graphics are good , really good , probably the best I've seen out there , even tho I'm not really into overcomplicated grahpics the game is beautiful.Gameplay : 7.5/10 - The combat system is intresting , I'm used to the classic combat as I prefer to say it such as in WoW ; it's fun to learn and do intresting combos. What I personally don't like is the RNG in the items making/upgrading which more precisely means that it's really hard to upgrade your items ; first you have to get the items dropped from a boss then you have to upgrade them and man it's hard to get from a fresh dropped item to a PEN ( which is the max enchant you can make )Soundtracks : 6.5/10 - Haven't really listened to the soundtracks , it gives me a vibe of a medieval game , didn't really find an intresting song to the soundtracks but they are still okay.The game overall is good and pretty fun at first , the more you get into it the more fun it gets until at some point which solely depends on you if you wanna grind more and continue or just leave it.The thing is that you can play it for free ( after you paid the 10 bucks obviously ) but at a point in the game if you want to make your life a lot easier you can buy pets from the shop which picks up the items dropped from the mobs which makes things a lot easier.After some good hours if you don't have the pets it gets really hard.I'd say it's worth a try if you can get it on sale , for me personally I wouldn't put much time in it but if you're a hardcore player then you can go for it.
Miyuki Kaorei Okami	Recommended	56.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/MiyukiKaoreiOkami/	Was sceptical because the game file was so big and our internet was slow.Today we got new internet and we got optical fibre so the internet is faster so i finally managed to download the game and try it out.My friends who have it said its a great game to play and the graphics are amazing and really for any person who likes MMORPG games in general. I like playing dragomon hunter, Aura kingdom and Riders of icarus which are free MMORPG games. This is the first Paid MMORPG game ive ever had and im so happy i got the game.The controls are a little different but its really fun overall and im having a blast. Spent 30 minutes making my first character because theres so much choice and the graphics are hella good in comparision to any other mmorpg ive played. Would definitely recommend the game!
Devilfiend	Not Recommended	616.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198129048469/	I'm not sure how to feel about Black Desert.When I first got this game I didn't really liked it , but as I played more it became more enjoyable ; it has an okay learning curve & pretty intresting combat (used to play WoW as my main MMORPG)The thing with this game is that it's a good mmoprg but if you wanna continue at some point you really have to spend money.It really doesn't have much content to do at the end game besides just PvP.This game is very grindy , as I said you don't have at the end game nothing much besides PvP and just upgrading your items ; the PvE system is fairly simple , you just grind mobs and that's it.My personal rating on it :Graphics : 9.5/10 - The graphics are good , really good , probably the best I've seen out there , even tho I'm not really into overcomplicated grahpics the game is beautiful.Gameplay : 7.5/10 - The combat system is intresting , I'm used to the classic combat as I prefer to say it such as in WoW ; it's fun to learn and do intresting combos. What I personally don't like is the RNG in the items making/upgrading which more precisely means that it's really hard to upgrade your items ; first you have to get the items dropped from a boss then you have to upgrade them and man it's hard to get from a fresh dropped item to a PEN ( which is the max enchant you can make )Soundtracks : 6.5/10 - Haven't really listened to the soundtracks , it gives me a vibe of a medieval game , didn't really find an intresting song to the soundtracks but they are still okay.The game overall is good and pretty fun at first , the more you get into it the more fun it gets until at some point which solely depends on you if you wanna grind more and continue or just leave it.The thing is that you can play it for free ( after you paid the 10 bucks obviously ) but at a point in the game if you want to make your life a lot easier you can buy pets from the shop which picks up the items dropped from the mobs which makes things a lot easier.After some good hours if you don't have the pets it gets really hard.I'd say it's worth a try if you can get it on sale , for me personally I wouldn't put much time in it but if you're a hardcore player then you can go for it.
Valkirth	Not Recommended	1,903.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/valkirth/	bdo is a love/hate relationship,its combat is by far the best in any mmo,the world is beautifully crafted,the questing is above average for a mmo,the lifeskills are engaging enough for people who like crafting and afkable (soooooo many cookers gone! :P),enhancement system is tolerable/easy to get to tri,its not untill you get to the point where you need to tet your boss gear that you will be punished hard. my biggest gripe with bdo is the rng will f*ck you real hard (unless your one of the lucky few who gets rng carried) only for you to have to spent 10+ hrs a day grinding back the hundreds of millions you threw at your last tet attempts only to fail and have to repeat a dozen times not to mention the your gear can downgrade past duo so you can actually come out worst,yes failstacks help to a degree but even thats pure rng as the % chance to suceed is capped to a certain amount and using anymore failstacks past the max stack is just a waste. (so many times i see people use 60 fs for duo and it makes me wanna cry)the devs dont care about the player base,only how much money they can get out of you,its a shame really as bdo could of been amazing if given to devs who gave a crap about the game and its playerbase.
金縛りちゃん	Not Recommended	489.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198009525853/	If you liked grindy korean games like Ragnarok Online you might like some aspect of this game as well, as in you'll be grinding (one shotting) mob group after group, and usually that's all you'll do for countless hours as part of your PVE experience. And the combat system is pretty decent thankfully but only fully utilized in PVP, which you cannot even attempt after 500 hours playtime due to how the gear progression works.Accessoiries are destroyed upon failed upgrade, while armor and weapons "only" lose max durability and at higher upgrade stage it rolls back to a previous one.The issue here is that boss gear has around a 1% drop chance. This isn't so bad for just aquiring one, but comes into play when upgrading them.Repairing max durability is done by using a gear piece of the same kind (the exact same item) or Memory Fragments. Since you're not very strong you'll be grinding around 7 Fragments an hour if you're lucky, and that is if you're not just getting bullied out of your grindspot by an overgeared PVP person. Which happens everytime, since there are very few spots that aren't a waste of time of easy to do on the lower gearscore spectrum. Grouping up vs those people is useless as well.You will end up with an unusable boss gear item in your storage for days or weeks due to all of this.The last few upgrade steps of boss gear have miniscule success chance, setting you back over and over. If you fail an upgrade you gain the previously mentioned Failstacks. These are meant to increase your chances of the next upgrade, however, instead of increasing your chances, they merely make it even feasible to attempt an upgrade since doing it without them might as well be a 0% chance at some point. The kicker here is that you are bound to lose your Failstacks via dice roll as well by trying to build them up since you are sometimes going to succeed the upgrade you're trying to fail on trash gear. The "bonus" gained from the Stacks is obviously capped and won't ever make your attempt remotely secure. This entire process ends up being the majority of your playtime and the entire game's content and economy is based around it, hence why I dedicated most of the review to it. It's sad because some adjustments to these systems solve many of these points of frustration. The PVP is pretty fun but you seriously cannot even attempt to fight higher geared people because they are either too tanky or oneshot you, usually both. And with the devs infinite wisdom they decided to give bonus stats the higher your gearscore is. Which would be fine for PVE but not PVP.While the game is essentially sub free, you'll want to buy the 30 day Value Pack for about 15$ because otherwise your Marketplace sales suffer from heavy cuts, and also it makes the character editing free, which is obviously the main selling point of the game.Recent changes to world bosses made it so that they rarely die because people cannot simply bothered to kill them after they acquired their piece. They aren't a very thrilling experience either way, since they are just "bullet" sponges with 1 AOE attack you're meant to dodge.But here comes why I will never recommend this game:The total mismanagement and incompetencies of the publisher Kakao Games and developer Pearl Abyss.PA is only concerned with luring in players by advertising how the game looks. And so they have spent 1 year on a so called "Remaster" which is utterly disappointing to say the least. Not only did people even with high-end machines have trouble running the previous max settings at 60 FPS due to bad optimization, they doubled down and added more visuals only few people can enjoy. That is, if the remastered visuals looked good. Oversaturation, bloom and blur are three words to describe it. The audio remaster is unnoticeable except for the constant bird chirping stock sound loop inside of cities (even in the desert). The walking noise still sounds like a PS1 soundfile.Graphic options are more than lackluster. You can only chose between preset and can at best turn on or off 2 or 3 relevant options. The game suffers from heavy popins which get worse the lower your selected preset is.The remaster update seems to have slightly improved the game's perfomance however I am still suffering from a microstutter issue many people have. No matter which options selected, driver settings, and whatever "fix" I found in countless threads.PA said about a year ago they were working on rebalancing classes, a seemingly abandoned mission. Content updates are limited to new zones either only high geared people can grind or they are simply not worth grinding. And in the end they are just a change of location nothing else.Kakao Games is the selected publisher for the EU and US. Their job is to localize the patches PA hands to them and that's essentially it. If you're looking for support (like my micro stutter issue) you will have to ask the community. Now they added a cash shop item they said they would never brind back to help gear upgrading. You aquire it slowly via login points, grind or buying cash shop costumes. The game isn't P2W" as many people claim, however so many time and sanity saving options are offered, that the pay to speedup heavily borders on actual P2W.Notheworthy is that the ingame community is fairly toxic and uncomminucative as well, but that's a given due to the amount of frustration the game subjects one to (also PVP based game). Do not expect a social experience, it's a solo game most of the time.If it was free I'd say play through it and explore and maybe stop once you grinded a bit and hit the upgrade hell but at the current state and management definitly do not give Kakao and PA any money.
da_teng0702	Not Recommended	212.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198089660778/	Not a very fun game. It looks good indeed, both the characters and the world. But other than that, I can't think of any fun points that I experience during the over 200 hours I spent in the game, of which over 100 hrs are spent on auto-fishing. I would not recommend this game to anyone at all.
Confederate_rebel	Not Recommended	1.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198215566140/	Product received for free
Miyuki Kaorei Okami	Recommended	56.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/MiyukiKaoreiOkami/	Was sceptical because the game file was so big and our internet was slow.Today we got new internet and we got optical fibre so the internet is faster so i finally managed to download the game and try it out.My friends who have it said its a great game to play and the graphics are amazing and really for any person who likes MMORPG games in general. I like playing dragomon hunter, Aura kingdom and Riders of icarus which are free MMORPG games. This is the first Paid MMORPG game ive ever had and im so happy i got the game.The controls are a little different but its really fun overall and im having a blast. Spent 30 minutes making my first character because theres so much choice and the graphics are hella good in comparision to any other mmorpg ive played. Would definitely recommend the game!
BananaBoy333	Not Recommended	1.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/BananaBoy333/	RIP
goodeauxsam	Not Recommended	2.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198162512468/	Yo i can't even move in this game, it had so much hype to just fall to♥♥♥♥♥
Myseenee	Not Recommended	72.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/myseenee/	I wanted to love this game. The graphics are beautiful, the gameplay smooth and satisfying. However, I enjoy a good story. Not long ago a massive overhaul of this game was done and now the story is disjointed and basically unintelligible. If you live a straight up hack n slash with quests and levels you'll love this. If you came for a great story then maybe give this a miss
Rehnzy	Not Recommended	1,062.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/rehnzy/	I've played this game for 1000 hours in less than 2 months time. Don't even ask, it is an absolutely amazing game. But i am done.They sold their souls.
金縛りちゃん	Not Recommended	489.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198009525853/	If you liked grindy korean games like Ragnarok Online you might like some aspect of this game as well, as in you'll be grinding (one shotting) mob group after group, and usually that's all you'll do for countless hours as part of your PVE experience. And the combat system is pretty decent thankfully but only fully utilized in PVP, which you cannot even attempt after 500 hours playtime due to how the gear progression works.Accessoiries are destroyed upon failed upgrade, while armor and weapons "only" lose max durability and at higher upgrade stage it rolls back to a previous one.The issue here is that boss gear has around a 1% drop chance. This isn't so bad for just aquiring one, but comes into play when upgrading them.Repairing max durability is done by using a gear piece of the same kind (the exact same item) or Memory Fragments. Since you're not very strong you'll be grinding around 7 Fragments an hour if you're lucky, and that is if you're not just getting bullied out of your grindspot by an overgeared PVP person. Which happens everytime, since there are very few spots that aren't a waste of time of easy to do on the lower gearscore spectrum. Grouping up vs those people is useless as well.You will end up with an unusable boss gear item in your storage for days or weeks due to all of this.The last few upgrade steps of boss gear have miniscule success chance, setting you back over and over. If you fail an upgrade you gain the previously mentioned Failstacks. These are meant to increase your chances of the next upgrade, however, instead of increasing your chances, they merely make it even feasible to attempt an upgrade since doing it without them might as well be a 0% chance at some point. The kicker here is that you are bound to lose your Failstacks via dice roll as well by trying to build them up since you are sometimes going to succeed the upgrade you're trying to fail on trash gear. The "bonus" gained from the Stacks is obviously capped and won't ever make your attempt remotely secure. This entire process ends up being the majority of your playtime and the entire game's content and economy is based around it, hence why I dedicated most of the review to it. It's sad because some adjustments to these systems solve many of these points of frustration. The PVP is pretty fun but you seriously cannot even attempt to fight higher geared people because they are either too tanky or oneshot you, usually both. And with the devs infinite wisdom they decided to give bonus stats the higher your gearscore is. Which would be fine for PVE but not PVP.While the game is essentially sub free, you'll want to buy the 30 day Value Pack for about 15$ because otherwise your Marketplace sales suffer from heavy cuts, and also it makes the character editing free, which is obviously the main selling point of the game.Recent changes to world bosses made it so that they rarely die because people cannot simply bothered to kill them after they acquired their piece. They aren't a very thrilling experience either way, since they are just "bullet" sponges with 1 AOE attack you're meant to dodge.But here comes why I will never recommend this game:The total mismanagement and incompetencies of the publisher Kakao Games and developer Pearl Abyss.PA is only concerned with luring in players by advertising how the game looks. And so they have spent 1 year on a so called "Remaster" which is utterly disappointing to say the least. Not only did people even with high-end machines have trouble running the previous max settings at 60 FPS due to bad optimization, they doubled down and added more visuals only few people can enjoy. That is, if the remastered visuals looked good. Oversaturation, bloom and blur are three words to describe it. The audio remaster is unnoticeable except for the constant bird chirping stock sound loop inside of cities (even in the desert). The walking noise still sounds like a PS1 soundfile.Graphic options are more than lackluster. You can only chose between preset and can at best turn on or off 2 or 3 relevant options. The game suffers from heavy popins which get worse the lower your selected preset is.The remaster update seems to have slightly improved the game's perfomance however I am still suffering from a microstutter issue many people have. No matter which options selected, driver settings, and whatever "fix" I found in countless threads.PA said about a year ago they were working on rebalancing classes, a seemingly abandoned mission. Content updates are limited to new zones either only high geared people can grind or they are simply not worth grinding. And in the end they are just a change of location nothing else.Kakao Games is the selected publisher for the EU and US. Their job is to localize the patches PA hands to them and that's essentially it. If you're looking for support (like my micro stutter issue) you will have to ask the community. Now they added a cash shop item they said they would never brind back to help gear upgrading. You aquire it slowly via login points, grind or buying cash shop costumes. The game isn't P2W" as many people claim, however so many time and sanity saving options are offered, that the pay to speedup heavily borders on actual P2W.Notheworthy is that the ingame community is fairly toxic and uncomminucative as well, but that's a given due to the amount of frustration the game subjects one to (also PVP based game). Do not expect a social experience, it's a solo game most of the time.If it was free I'd say play through it and explore and maybe stop once you grinded a bit and hit the upgrade hell but at the current state and management definitly do not give Kakao and PA any money.
Ajit Pai Boi	Not Recommended	1,375.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198257887893/	Overall, this game is amazing. It has great graphics, a variety of charcters, and great PVE combat. This feeling of enjoyment while playing this game.. won't last that long. I returned after a year break, and had a ton of fun with my friends. We enchanted together, grinded together, and looked for people to PK. All this was fun, until the realization that in order to progress further, you have to go through this torturous enchanting system. Yes, this enchantment system is what keeps this game alive by encouraging players to progress further in gear, but this system is also what kills older players. The game will continue to live on by attracting newer players who have not attempted to enhance TET or above, and repeat itself. I will now happily break free from the chains of this game, and look for better games to play.
[MKF]SneakySherpa	Recommended	311.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/sneakysherpa/	Great game for the value. The chat is hilarious down right hilarious.. If you love memes and what not. The game itself is solid. Great graphics, great combat, great tradeskill systems, and player driven economy. Very immersive. Some people say its grindy, and I can understand that HOWEVER> having played WoW through BC through to Legion, I can say that the "Grind" in this is much more enjoyable due to better combat and trade mechanics. I mean you can be a trader and bring stuff from village to village to make money. or a fisherman with a boat and take to the high seas. how about a farmer if that interests you or a hunter with a gun blowing away rabbits for their precious meat. The ONLY thing I have beef with is the GENDER LOCKED CLASSES. The only thing.
Rehnzy	Not Recommended	1,062.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/rehnzy/	I've played this game for 1000 hours in less than 2 months time. Don't even ask, it is an absolutely amazing game. But i am done.They sold their souls.
Valkirth	Not Recommended	1,903.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/valkirth/	bdo is a love/hate relationship,its combat is by far the best in any mmo,the world is beautifully crafted,the questing is above average for a mmo,the lifeskills are engaging enough for people who like crafting and afkable (soooooo many cookers gone! :P),enhancement system is tolerable/easy to get to tri,its not untill you get to the point where you need to tet your boss gear that you will be punished hard. my biggest gripe with bdo is the rng will f*ck you real hard (unless your one of the lucky few who gets rng carried) only for you to have to spent 10+ hrs a day grinding back the hundreds of millions you threw at your last tet attempts only to fail and have to repeat a dozen times not to mention the your gear can downgrade past duo so you can actually come out worst,yes failstacks help to a degree but even thats pure rng as the % chance to suceed is capped to a certain amount and using anymore failstacks past the max stack is just a waste. (so many times i see people use 60 fs for duo and it makes me wanna cry)the devs dont care about the player base,only how much money they can get out of you,its a shame really as bdo could of been amazing if given to devs who gave a crap about the game and its playerbase.
Robux Generator	Not Recommended	246.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/whatthegeekisgoingon/	The game is ruined. if youre new it seems fine, but youll realize pretty soon why it sucks
Fritz	Not Recommended	317.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/FritzFaultier/	Well, if you're just going to roleplay for like 20/30h or something, and play arround with the classes, and enjoy the view, i guess 5 EUR at at a discounted price is alright. THO if you want to get involved deeply in the game, forget about it, it's just P2W. I don't have anything else to say to this piece of "B2P non-pay-to-win" ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥tery
403fruit	Recommended	485.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/seitheach/	I'm one of the people owning vanilla as well, but I had no problem paying 6€ to be able to have it here. I have accumulated something about a hundred hours on vanilla, quarter of these being AFK fishing, so I had no problem starting again. Ok, maybe one small problem - them names. I used all my last good ones on vanilla, and even though this game has Family Names, Character Names have to be unique as well... Well, what can you do.The game itself is awesome. I like the "no fast-travel" thing - there's auto-navigation, and on longer journeys, you can make yourself a coffee or have a smoke or something... The combat is incredible - although there is a quickbar, it's mostly used for items. Almost all the skills are used by some combination of keys, or after/during another skill. I've never got past the levelling phase, so I didn't have a taste of that end-game PvP and Node Wars I hear so much about, but I love taking things slow, and this is just a game for that. No mood for brainless mashing through hordes of enemies? Take your fishing rod and go fish. (And if you think it's boring, just read the chat - it's quite entertaining, even if it sometimes resembles Barrens Chat of distant past.) Order your workers around, and if they're behaving, give them a beer or five. Go tame a wild horse, I dare you.It can be off-putting for new players because of the possibilities. And of the endless "Is this game P2W?" discussions. But if you can get past this, arm yourself with Google and enjoy your fantasy sandbox. For 6€! (And, let's be honest, 10€ ain't all that much too, in comparison with other titles.) The fun is there, you just have to want to find it. It's a sandbox, for crying out loud.Feeding the P2W debate: I'm probably not late enough in the game to compare the comfort provided by money-bought convenience stuff. But that's all it seems like - convenience. And cosmetics. Pay for it if you want. Don't, if you don't want to. But don't bash the game because you don't want to spend money on something you don't need to have to enjoy it..But I guess I'm just a fanboy. (I don't think so, but hell, who knows)When I'll feel like the buying price is too high for what i got, I'll edit this, I swear.
DimitrisV	Not Recommended	280.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198227212592/	Its fun at first, but when you realise you need to spend real money to become relevant its a turn off. If you are ok with leaving your pc running 24h a day and do afk proccessing, this is the game for you because that is the only way to make decent silver.By buying pets from the cash shop you are getting what is actually auto-loot, this gives a huge grinding advantage over players without pets.I havent really tried the enchanting system because i was buying all my gear from the market but i never heard anything good about it so there is that.The RNG is awfull too. For example they give you daily rewards for logging in wich sometimes are accessory boxes that randomly give you something good. For example if the box gives you either a necklace, earing or ring, you will most likely get the worse possible item.The graphics are great when you are not moving, but once you start running at any direction you see the textures pop in. Its awfull, however eventually you get used to it and ignore it after a while. Also the textures seem like paper. Theres no weight on them if you know what i mean.To end this, when you buy the game and start playing it seems awesome at first, but when your daily  rookie rewards run out after a month you gonna start getting frustrated by how disadvantaged you are compared to paying players.I dont regret buying it and maybe ill login from time to time but i cant recommend this game to anyone that is not willing to spend real money and most of his time on this game. 
blur410	Recommended	2,002.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/das_schnell_leerzeichen/	As far as the initial recommendation, please take it with a grain of salt, maybe a few tablespoons if you can. PROS:-The character creator and visuals. It means buisness and is where you'll spend the first 3 hours for each character. Additionally there are various texture mods I would recommend you search hard for late at night.-Ease of learning early game content and decent story atmosphere.-Massive open world, there are places on the map I have left to go.-Lifeskilling and passive income add income on top of grinding.-Always room for progression.CONS:-The hacking is about as real as it is, to just about Matrix encompassing levels. Its not obvious to those on the outside or in early game but it has made silver rediculously devalued, such that preordering is a joke, in addition to Kakao price fixing some items and the complete drain of silver from the market system's setup.-Enchanting is a mixed bag of RNG, and the only way you progress is by risking months of progress at higher gearscore. -There is no endgame besides more grinding unless you win the RNG lottery massively.All in all a typical online korean grinder in the modern day. Need I say more?
大盖亚	Recommended	173.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198105033364/	If your playing casually the♥♥♥♥♥♥marketplace system wont bother you, you can play it. The game will be somewhat worth your time. If you want play this game hardcore, dont bother playing it. Too much RNG.  Play some other rpg instead.
LeBowski	Recommended	95.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198079020543/	Grinding is the meta, no method is betterPros +Giant amount of content+Cool market system+Grinding is fun+Free♥♥♥♥♥♥if you play a lot+Great combat system+Exploring pays off+Amazing graphics+Variety in classes+Character customisation+Cooking, Chemistry, hunting, Fishing, Trading, Crafting and more!Cons-Grinding can be ♥♥♥♥♥♥-Paying more will increase progress-Some information is lacking-FPS can drop like crazy-No fast travel, a lot of time spend on horseback or foot. (Just press T and get some coffee)
S A B E R	Not Recommended	258.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SuperTurboSABER/	This is pretty much what I think about how the game plays out in the long run:You know I actually thought this game was going to be fun, and it was. However, once I reached the awakening level (which I can't remember what it is atm because of how hard I wiped the memory of this game from my brain) I realized how many fundamental things that make every MMORPG fun are missing from this one. It's almost as if they spent 50% of their resources on stuff that REALLY doesn't matter like the insane amount of different underwear you can purchase for your favourite waifus and extremely provocative lineup of outfits for each character. When I say "this game is missing a lot of fundamental things that make MMORPGs fun" I'll give you this clean and simple example; think about an MMO without raids, boss rushes, missions, dungeons or pretty much anything involving a challenge of any kind aside from PvP. All you get to do most of the time are the same basic, boring♥♥♥♥♥hobbies that people who love to chat and listen to a podcast do when they're completely bored aka fishing, trading, RIDING A ♥♥♥♥ING HORSE BACK AND FORTH just to level it up etc. I know there's people who are all about that, and trust me so am I to a certain extent, but I like jumping into action for loot honestly.I appreciate the fact that they at least made a huge effort with the crazy amount of move sets each character has to offer  so that you can use them in battle to mix your opponents up and not just rinse and repeat the same keys over and over like most of these games. The combat doesn't work like it does in most traditional MMOs which is literally the only thing that actually got me to play this game. Yet somehow people have found "meta" within some characters meaning that despite the devs adding a ton of options to choose from in terms of characters and their movesets, only some of them will be "destroying" others when it comes to PvP and it won't be because they're more skilled than you.I apologize if this review is very bland and not so descriptive, but what I'm trying to say is that you really shouldn't waste your money on this game. No I'm not talking about wasting 10 bucks, I'm talking about the pay2win pets and other small things that don't necessarily boost your level progress by that much but certainly end up getting you more loot therefore earning you more money therefore buying you better gear because you payed about 20$ on a virtual PET that only picks up loot. Yeah you heard me, 20$ CAD (15$ or something in USD, which I still find stupidly overpriced). Don't even get me started on how ridiculously priced the outfits are in this game...Don't buy this game is what I'm trying to get at. 
ＡＺＴＲＯ	Recommended	140.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/aztromous/	I'd just like to start this off with saying how dissapointed i am with the route this game is heading.If PA (Pearl Abyss) would update the story and add more reasons to continue playing thegame at late game besides leveling up, the game could have become a competitor to one of the big boy MMO's like ESO, Tera and WoW.Worth a buy if on sale or you just want a time waster Pros:- World bosses where you can see like 50 people in the same room fighting which is so sick (but you might need to crank down the settings ;D)- Amazing combat system which switches up when you are eligible to do the Awakening quest at lvl 56 (IIRC)- The graphics is one of the best i've seen in a MMO.- The map might be really big but you get mounts and autowalk to quest. It's also really well detailed.- The community on Reddit and discord are really helpful with there being a discord server for every class in the game. - Open world PvP after you become lvl 50 so you will have to fight for farming spots if they don't want to share.Cons:- Progression in gear is entirely RNG with the enhancement system which gets really frustrating.- The story is the typical Korean MMO story (absolute garbage) - The devs doesnt listen to the community and screws over the loyal PC playerbase for easy cash on the Mobile version. - End game is basically just killing 100 mobs to get 0,01% of xp- They keep on ruining the PvP by removing CC on protected abilities which makes it feel really akward to fight others.- Unless you want to pay real money on a pet you will be in a disadvantage when it comes to farming efficency. (they pick up loot for you)  
Luigi?	Recommended	5,921.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/imluigitv/	I am absolutely addicted to this game.  There is endless content to the point that there's no way I'll ever 100% complete the game.  A lot of people complain that the game is completely pay to win but I would argue these people haven't even played the game.  If you have 100 hours in the game then you essentially haven't played the game and have no place in the review section.  Go back to CSGO.  That's not even long enough to actually put time into learning the basics of the game muchless get off of the beginner Olvia channels.I saw one review stating that making a boat takes hours but people can skip the entire process if they cough up real money and buy the boat from the Pearl Shop.  Go ahead ... buy it and tell me how far that cosmetic skin takes you out to sea.  You still have to make the damn boat.  The only things you can buy with real money are cosmetic or convenience.   I haven't invested a singular penny beyond purchasing the game and I'm just as far along as someone I know who started playing before me and put $500 into the game.Anyone who complains that you need to buy pets to pick up loot for you clearly is the laziest, young, never truly played an MMO player in the entire world.  You died while looting?   You're clearly not geared correctly for your grind spot ... maybe rethink what you're doing because I can essentially go afk in a giant mob and come back to my character at half hp.  Reality check ... I've manually picked up items for the past 20 years.   In fact, I thought it was pretty neat but silly when Diablo 3 came out with the update where certain items were automatically picked up.   So to see people complaining that they have to actually press a button every now and then to be able to get loot is beyond me.  Boo ♥♥♥♥ing hoo ... you actually have to spam R for 1.4 seconds every now and then?!  That sort of disadvantage is preposterous! XD    To wrap up the pet rant ... you get a couple for free.  I have a penguin, cat and dog without paying a single cent and I rarely have to pick up items on my own.One thing I particularly don't like about typical MMO's is that frustrating moment after playing for hours on end when you randomly hit a wall and everything is "Group Required".  Oh, thanks, because being an anti-social individual willing to endlessly grind my life away ... what I totally have is friends to get together with.  BDO doesn't have this.  Anything and everything can be done solo all by your lonesome.  I'm not sure why but I just prefer to play grindy games by myself and BDO allows it.World bosses, life skills to level up (10 of them which have multiple levels within each level), a giant map to explore, events, free♥♥♥♥♥♥in the form of daily attendance rewards, horse breeding, horse racing, mindless grinding, cooking things to aid in mindless grinding, fishing, hunting, gathering resources, efficiently setting up nodes and workers, daily quests for contribution xp, crafting, trading, pvp ... there is no excuse to ever get bored of this game.  No matter how long you've played or how much you've accomplished there is always something that you can and should be doing.To the guy who said "If you are looking for an MMO that you can heavily invest in for years to come, this is one of the worst games you will ever lay a finger on." I'm assuming in the 110 hours you have on record you got all of your life skills well into Guru, killed each boss so many times that auras were worthless to you, were fully boss geared, had 3 stables full of Tier 8 horses, 1bil silver in each town with nothing to spend it on, had 400 cp/energy and all of your knowledge was at 100%.  You did quite literally tens of thousands of hours of content in 110 hours ... you sir are a god and must be very hard to please.In todays world where developers charge $59.99 for a game that you spend 4 hours with and never touch again then charge you another $59.99 for a "Remastered Edition" 2 years later ... this company is literally ripping themselves off.
Valar Morghůlis	Recommended	1,280.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198166726285/	+ Beautiful world design and character creation.+ Interesting action combat.+ Open world pvp+ Pve content, I mean the crafting, the horse breeding, the trading of goods, the fishing etc.
Whiskey Tang go	Not Recommended	68.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/16143563423/	Beautiful graphics and very impressive combat early on.Then you realize that 80% of the people logged in are AFK fishing or hopelessly camping the auction house for a random Cash Shop item that 1,000 other poor souls are racing for, leaving every bidder a victim of eternal RNG hell.If you see 10,000 people online, you can safely assume 8,000 of them aren't actually playing, and the other 2,000 are mostly new players or alts lvling a new class.Even if you do achieve "End Game Content", you'll soon realize that there's nothing at the end of the rainbow.Just 60 ways to grind something that is ultimately pointless. More pointless than other MMOs.If you're looking for activities to do with a friend or two, keep looking. You won't find them here.Forget about the dungeons and raids that have been successful in numerous MMOs. This game offers world bosses that a cluster of random players mash buttons on until it's dead, tossing any skill requirements or sense of accomplishment out the window.If you want to know what PvP Sieges are like, refer to the section on world bosses and replace the boss with a gate ^Overall, this game seems like one big sham designed to keep players logged in as long as possible through meaningless tasks, in order to create the illusion of an active playerbase.And yes.. you could descibe almost any MMO the same way, but whereas other MMOs like WoW or Guild Wars will reward you for your grind, this particular games strives to keep you grinding for as long as possible, When the ridiculously long grind is over, you won't feel a sense of accomplishment. You'll feel regret and wonder why you put yourself through that.That being said...I give this game a generous 6 / 10 for a few reasons:-Leveling Experience was Enjoyable-Best MMO Graphics-Impressive Combat Design-The Potential to be so so so much more...P.S.Dungeons, Raids, and Small Scale PvP (5v5, 10v10) are the answer to all of BDO's problems.This isn't an opinion. It's a fact.
Masamon	Not Recommended	2,149.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mattimon/	“A role-player’s dream”KotakuMore like a role-player's nightmare. Even tho there are "main" quests and side quests, they are all extremely borinand with the new updates and items you get from FARMING, not even rewarding.“The most unique offering the genre’s had in ages”MMORPGOnly thing that is unique to this game is the combat system compared to other mmo's and.. well.. nothing else.“A truly wondrous world to explore”IGNDepends what kind of "world" you want to explore. Sure, graphics are nice and again.. thats it.This game should not have the tag Mmorpg as it is extremely hollow when it comes to socializing, except if you like to listen people going toxic on the server chat for whatever reason. Most people you see are either busy trying to levelup their characters to even speak to you, except the words "Dude, duel or leave". Other half of the people are afk leveling up their life skills.Leveling up your character(s) becomes more of a chore/work or w/e after you hit 50+lvl and again.. doesn't feel rewarding. There aint much of gear to customize your character enough and everyone are just going to target the boss gear what is available, everything else are more like the lesser variant of those equipments. Mind that the boss fights become extremely boring after few attempts. And chances of you getting that nice lil' boss equipment drop? mostlikely 1% or even less.Enchanting your gear is also more of a chore and tends to eat all your hard earned money and at certain point you'll be punished for failing at enchanting.Auctionhouses bidding system aint bidding, its lottery.Partying with your friends aint encouraged.There's really no end-game content. You farm gear to go for massive pvp fest. If you dont like pvp.. there really aint anything for you.Also, there was a petition sometime ago that kinda forced the devs to reveal "hidden" stats on the equipment.So now that we know they were hiding stats that had somekind of impact to the characters, I wouldn't wonder if they were hiding more of these "stats"  what we players should know.This game has me extremely depressed was i playing it or not.So if you have tendency to get depressed easily, stay far away from this "game".Actually, I will say that to everyone "Stay away from this game!"P.S  Please remove the MMORPG tag from this game and add MSO (Massive Soloplay Online)Thank you for reading. 
eFungus	Not Recommended	456.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198139790207/	Is it worth $10?SureIs it worth grinding/afking 400 hrs in?Probally not 
Snurf	Not Recommended	8.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Snurfles/	no
shaynafuchi	Not Recommended	3,496.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198170486179/	First the game is very nice looking since the remastered update.  But that is where the nice things end.  Game went full P2W and you have no choice but to spend $$ to advance now.  Before you could reach soft cap and start going forward but now that they implimented the costume melting the rat race is even faster and those who can't pay out.  Lose.
Llenn	Recommended	35.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/starfnder/	I have seen so many negative reviews, that told us about bugs, performance problems etc. I havent experienced anything of this, the game runs smooth (constant 35-40 fps) on almost maximum settings and i did not have any problems to start the game.The graphics are nice, especially for an MMORPG. Yes popping exists sometimes, but the rest of the wonderfull graphics are so stunning, that i can oversee some performance issues.Now the P2W. Yes there is P2W. No it ist not very much. The itams, wich you can buy for real money are mostly there to save your time. But there are still items that give you littly bonuses in the pvp. Because i only played the game for 2.9 hours i cant say anymore to this topic, but i will edit it, if i notice more P2W aspects.The battlesystem is realy good in my opinion. It makes a ton of fun just to kill some enemies with your good animated skills. One of the best points in the battlesystem od Black Desert Online is, that it is not an classical "point and click adventure" like it is in classical MMORPGs like WoW. In BDO is the fighting system more kombo and reaction based, so most of the fights are a little bit more skill based then in classical MMORPGs. The game has not only a good fighting system and the best character-customisation i have seen so far, it has a lot of other good and bad gamplay mechanics, but they are to many to list them here.In my opinion the game is a great deal for 6-10€, but be sure to read or watch some reviews of your choice to the game, so you can ensure that you will like it.Here my PC specs:Intel Core i7-6700Nvidia GeForce GTX 97016 GB DDR3 RAMWindows 10 64 bit
Jetski	Recommended	430.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ImNotACop420/	It's really fun. Good graphics, awesome combat, helpful community.
Tray	Not Recommended	2,207.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/_TRAY_/	Last played: 10/30/2017I escaped, finally
TA	Not Recommended	365.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TA5624/	The most accurate three word discription: Pay to progress
faltHes	Recommended	1,234.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/bayinghound/	Not sure why this is getting so many bad reviews.  At the time of writing this review, I'm a little over 4 hours in and enjoying the game thoroughly. Gameplay and visuals are the big selling points here. You will be mowing down packs of enemies, going from group to group like a badass. The themes are a little generic, but well enough to have fun in the world.Understand that this game is a grindfest though.There isn't any attempt to hide that core gameplay loop. You will just be slaying hordes of stuff, but having a blast doing so.  Definitely worth it at the current sale price of $6, and the explorer's and traveler's bundles are worth it too if you think you'll enjoy the game
John Wick	Not Recommended	27.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198446150085/	Money hungry developers.
Astolfo	Recommended	1,799.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/seanwh/	10/10 would grind again.Like in all Korean games, expect a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of grind. Stop complaining about it, that's what you get from a cheap game, and I'm comparing it to other MMO subscription based games. There's no P2W function, sure you can get pets, inventory/weight expansions, but they're not NEEDED to play the game peacefully/enjoyably, it's just a matter of how easily you want to "grind", which I believe you shouldn't complain while playing a grinding game anyway. Graphics are good, smooth, customizable, nothing worth complaining aboout. I have seen and played more terribly optimised games than this. All cash items CAN be purchased with in-game money so there's no advantage that real money can buy.Lots of stuff to do in-game, unless you're gonna complain about how all those stuff is about grinding too. One con I found is the community of the game itself. Older players like to hate on newer players a lot, for "making the Marketplace harder to get items'' and ''stupid newer players should get off this channel".Buy the game, play it and decide if it's really as bad as they say. If you don't like it, get a refund, simple as that.End game is standing in front of the marketplace for 6 hours bidding for pets/outfits.
VagueHope	Not Recommended	5.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Zxii/	I reallly wanna like this game....but i cant.Because its not a game as much as here figure out these million pop up boxes,Its a systemic second life esque game with far too many menus and things to do and no real basic foundation of rational. Is it fun?No.Is it beautiful? Yeah very.Character creator and world are beautiful,Combat isnt bad, world is nice, sounds are passableI relt nice to climb things and have good physics.but the camera is bad.and the menus are awfulthis game gives me a headache no mater how much im adjusting it and try to make it less sensory overloadBut its not a good game. Its a decent open world exploration, I'll probably come back because i wanna spend time with a friendBut not a good game.Also shity controller support. I personally think everything needs to be finetuned and consolidated to a more enjoyable experience. I wish i could give it a neutral review because I love love love the character creator.But the game, its not good. Release the character creator as software and I rather have that.
Acetone	Not Recommended	2.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/theacetone/	Yes, I'm giving it a score after just one evening of play because the game lost me that quickly and the are some problems, such as graphics, that become apparent immediately. I don't need 1000 hours to know that they make my brain hurt from looking at the screen, do I? Understand also that I write it as someone who played nearly every major MMO, from WoW onward, so giving me the same exact thing (or maybe even less) but with flashy combat is far from great.I don't understand why people's major complaint about this game is the grind and AFK farming during the "endgame". The grind start the moment you log in with your new character, there is nothing else in this game but grind. I didn't feel like I was fighting for something because the lifeless story did its best to lose me right at the start with its poor presentation. The world didn't show anything interesting about its people, history or locations, so why would anyone want to spend time there. Nothing we can loot is exciting. The combat looks cool and kinetic, but the game doesn't do anything interesting with it.My biggest problem though, one that stopped me from delving deeper into this game, are the graphics. They aren't great, as many have told me. They are actually... kind of wrong and make my eyes hurt. The mix of constant shimmer, low resolution textures on many elements of the environment and creatures, items popping up right under my character's feet coupled with a generic, lazy mess of the UI and pointless effects and camera shakes, made me feel a bit sick.Lack of proper temporal antialiasing makes the intial, forest area especially bad, with my vision being assaulted by the sight of each leaf moving across the screen. I'm not entirely sure how to describe it, but I never had a problem like that in any game before, mostly because the developers of games that feature heavily overgrown areas, utilise smart AA techniques that don't tire the eyes.All those visual elements combine into an overall lack of clarity, and makes my attempts at understanding what I'm supposed to do next needlessly harder. Well, it just looks like it's in an alpha stage and half of the game is still missing, so people are supposed to invent the fun on their own.
VagueHope	Not Recommended	5.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Zxii/	I reallly wanna like this game....but i cant.Because its not a game as much as here figure out these million pop up boxes,Its a systemic second life esque game with far too many menus and things to do and no real basic foundation of rational. Is it fun?No.Is it beautiful? Yeah very.Character creator and world are beautiful,Combat isnt bad, world is nice, sounds are passableI relt nice to climb things and have good physics.but the camera is bad.and the menus are awfulthis game gives me a headache no mater how much im adjusting it and try to make it less sensory overloadBut its not a good game. Its a decent open world exploration, I'll probably come back because i wanna spend time with a friendBut not a good game.Also shity controller support. I personally think everything needs to be finetuned and consolidated to a more enjoyable experience. I wish i could give it a neutral review because I love love love the character creator.But the game, its not good. Release the character creator as software and I rather have that.
Smelly	Not Recommended	42.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198092101308/	I feel like I have to be upfront before posting this review, while this gave might have been the game I was playing at the time I don't wholeheartedly believe in total that my dierrhea was caused by it, but as I launched the game I did experience what I believed to be bad gas but upon further investigation it was the soul being sucked from my♥♥♥♥♥♥ As long as the game was launched the sucking motion continuted and I believe the long exposure contributed to my dierredic breakdown. I just put htis review here as a warning in order to make sure you take the proper safety precautions before playing this game.
Im Bad	Not Recommended	6,254.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Teeheebeetle/	After playing 5.7k hours they ruined the game, everything was fine up untill they hired a new GM that has killed 3 of the most recent games he has been apart of. This game is dying very rapidly, it used to be a game i looked forward to every day. Now it is on a rapid decline, if you are looking for an mmo just play runescape quit it now if you are playing just look at my hours ♥♥♥♥♥ dead move on.
スズメ -🥤	Recommended	4,290.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/MoistKing/	Jiggly butts.
paiden	Not Recommended	477.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198022174301/	Very fun in the beginning but gets worse the longer you play it. The very good combat and life skill system get you addicated. But at some point you sart to see more and more annoying aspects of the game.Pros:+ Best MMO combat system I've ever seen+ Very nice/deep and rewarding life skill system+ Very Good graphicsCons:- Tries to suck money from your pocket very hard (costumes, timed items etc. and additionally a sub... cmon). The whole game seems to be designed around the pearl shop. Nearly every game mechanic has some 'helper' item in the shop. Totally annoying and the primary reason in quit.- RNG everywhere (worst is the enhancement system)- Need to be online 24/7 (worker empire)- Worst in game community I've ever seen- ...Conclusion:Uninstalled after 6 weeks.
Rooz	Not Recommended	11.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198085253894/	Holy crap this is bad
Kaigow	Recommended	345.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kaigow/	So far, so good.Purchased the Explorer's Package.In-game redemption worked.Plays surprisingly well on the laptop I'm using (Intel i3 with integrated graphics, 8gb ram, Win 10). Never ran into the problems others have faced since Steam launch.Only minor issue I've drawn is the shear amount of activities available to players. It's mind boggling.
Schabracke	Not Recommended	1,425.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197977447400/	was clearly a p2w game before despite all the ignorant fanboy statements as indicated below.- buy expensive resources through cash-shop for more gear enhancement attempts (massive time advantage and rng moneysink)- forces you to buy expensive inventory slots and character weight limits- clear, expensive p2w elements in high-end crafting/trading (freeing up node-ressources)- expensive p2w elements for essential "premium" subscriptions for item droprate and avoiding massive player-market trading taxes despite initial full-value price tag of the game + expansions.- massive, expensive rng p2w elements in pets, and pet-tier upgrades (which can fail)   and are actually needed to pick up loot at decent speeds. once you've got some gear and grindspeed. despicable practice of monetizing basic or frustrating standard game mechanics and functions in casino-like manner.- expensive p2w costumes for crafting/trading-skill advantages. essential in reaching reasonable caps- expensive ghillie suit griefing p2w costume. which aren't easy to counter with flares.   as well as expensive p2w tents for remote storage and repairs.it doesn't get clearer than this when it comes to p2w. but don't worry.. the fanboys either lack game-time, progress, intellect.. personally enjoy monetary non-skill based progress and aids, if not essentials. or will simply blatantly deny.game clearly has pvp balancing issues in the combat itself. as well as inherent balancing, fairness and competitiveness issues in nodewars and siegewars. if you are an active, skilled.. motivated guild and actually manage to attain some members and gear. you will face yourself in low-tier node or siege-wars against top-tier guilds who are frustrated with the devs and competitive pvp state of the game and therefore come down to tier 1 and vent their frustration by blasting lower guilds away.since the game revolves strongly around gear due to its strong link and monetization with the p2w-cash shop, actual skill with such massive gear/time/membercount and monetization gaps.. will not matter at all.p2w-shop > gear > skillno matter how well you play, advance.. coordinate or organize. you will not catch up or stand a competitive chance.ever.if you think about gifting this game to a friend the p2w aspect means that you first have to find a friend you hate enough in order to gift him the game. as anyone experienced or with basic cognitive abilities understands that:despite 15$ basegame or gift. you actually need to invest around 2-300$ (minimum!) in order to actually, and properly do something with the game.And as it seems now with the newest, even more direct gear/upgrade p2w cash shop mechanics and items...this is truer than ever before. seems like Pearly Abyss and Cash-Cao acknowledged their inability to fix inherent PVP-balance and competitive balance/progression issues. Which is not a surprise. Since the "game" is so strongly revolved around P2W and Cash-Shop dependancy and progress. Which inevitably leads to very deep issues and poor game mechanics and balance.So apparently they just try to drain the most out of their playerbase. While the game is basically abandoned and dieing. And while they probably already focus on their next upcoming "BDO" rip-off sequel anyways.Unless you suffer from masochistic personality disorders.i.e. enjoy experiencing severe frustration and being treated like nothing more than a wallet, as a player or customer... while pumping hundreds and thousands of hours into some sort of "camouflaged" casino of a game. Until realizing that you have wasted so much time.. for such a terrible endgame. with no joy, happyness or actual reward or results whatsoever...... you should really steer clear from BDO... and anything released by Pearl Abyss or Cacao-Games... in future.There is no PVE content. The PVP content is completely broken in combat and on the competitive scale.There is no balance in skill, competition, or progress as everything revolves around monetization through the cash shop.You have been warned.
S.T.A.R.S	Not Recommended	1,265.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/CGiBiN/	1265 Hours (and many hours of letting it just run cause thats the way you at least think you get something). My final answer? DONT F****** BUY IT! It's only Pay2Win. Seriously :) It's the perfect makeup to get rich from a developer view. It has beautiful graphics, cool combat.. At first, they made it look like you really could achieve something, but as more players join/joined the game, the less "chances" you will have. Less drops, less success etc. The community which you can read in the world chat is VERY toxic. If you are willing to pay your way through this game, then it is for you, go for it. If you are the kind of person, which likes to play a game to achieve something, without monetary help, move on. You will be VERY disappointed at some point :( It could have been THE game for MMORPG lovers, but instead you just get another P2W experience.I miss the time when once good games like AION (not anymore) were paid with a monthly subscription to keep the servers and the game itself alive.. Which we, or atleast I, gladly paid.I deactivated comments as I dont want any kiddos writing how wrong I am and how good the game really is.. The right people will understand.I think this is just the way almost every (MMO) game developer goes, $$$ but no real added value, even less for more money... Sad story.For comparison, look at Hideo Kojima's Games. That's some quality in-depth stuff! I will always support developers like Kojima Productions, they are really worth it!
Hands Off My Dong	Recommended	1,926.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/blakmuffin/	Let me start off by saying that this game is incredibly subjective. You can just read the other reviews to see how many people hate this game and declaim it as the "definition of wasted potential" while others have 2000 hours on it and tell you all about how immersive and expansive the game experience can be. This is an extremely polarizing game for several reasons, most of which I'll be describing below.The first polarizing aspect is how unique BDO is overall--this can be a good thing or a bad thing. Whereas most of the MMOs you encounter have raids, dungeons, etc. this game eschews all that in favour of massive PvP and intense grinding in certain locations. This grinding mentality and divergence from the typical "theme park" style of MMO with vertical progress and dungeons/raids means the game is extremely polarizing. Some people, like myself, love this enormous aspect of the game. Others find it overwhelming and others find it rather bland as they don't feel like they're ever really making progress. It all comes back to what you enjoy doing in an MMO. If you hate grinding and difficult progress in MMOs, you will hate BDO. If you enjoy the feeling of working hard at something to eventually overcome the odds and accomplish something that was very difficult to accomplish, then you'll probably love BDO.The second aspect is the cash shop. Yes, this game has microtransactions. I could offer a million arguments as to why this game isn't pay-to-win and others will give you the same amount as to why it is pay-to-win. At the end of the day, I think that's fairly subjective. There are clear advantages to using the cash shop, i.e. pets that pick up loot for you and outfits that slightly increase your exp gain, but you can't get any game-breaking items like super powerful equipment, easy enhancements or amazing mounts that you would have to grind eternally to get in-game. That being said, many people consider this to be pay-to-win anyway. Despite thinking that this mostly seems to be a knee-jerk reaction to other games that certainly ARE pay-to-win (Blade and Soul, Heroes and Generals, Dragon's Nest, the list goes on) I definitely see where they're coming from, and although I disagree I do think that many people will take it that way and it has driven people away from the game. It's ultimately up to you how you choose to see this.The third thing about this game is that it's very PvP oriented. No dungeons (although those are being implemented slowly), no raids, none of that. The PvE in this game is mostly focused on helping you get enough money and experience to gear up (which in itself is very long, difficult, and oftentimes infuriating, but I'll get to that later) so that you can eventually join a guild and participate in large-scale PvP like Node Wars and Sieges. These are incredibly fun and unique as you fight other guilds for control of the map for various morale and monetary bonuses, and the scale of these battles is exciting and always fresh. That being said, working up to this point takes a long, long time, and for many people this is just not worth their time. And that's ok! BDO is a time sink, and although this is true for pretty much any MMO, this is particularly true for BDO.Now for the points most people generally tend to appreciate about the game:1) Worker system; this is essentially a form of Diet Slavery where you pay goblins, giants, and humans in beer to gather resources for you around the map. Once you get this really well established, you can make some serious bank. As far as I know, it's something completely unique to BDO.2) Guilds; this game is heavily community-oriented and joining a guild has a bunch of benefits from a daily payout (yes, you get paid for being in a guild) to various buffs that the guild gives its members as it becomes stronger. It's the sort of bond-forming guild system that I haven't seen since WoW.3) Crafting; this game has an in-depth and rewarding crafting system that pays off really well. Whereas in many MMOs crafting feels relatively useless, in BDO it's something that is worthwhile to invest your time into as the goods you can produce over time can rake you in lots of money. Starting off from brewing simple alchemical reagents and ramping up to making Alchemical Stones is incredibly satisfying and makes you some phat stacks in the long run.4) ENORMOUS GAME. This game has so much content and after almost 1000 hours of gameplay I have not yet reached the maximum potential of my main character and I have not yet explored the entire map, completed every quest, or gained even half the available knowledge in this game. It's wild, the map is enormous, and overall you never feel like there's nothing to do. There's always more money to be made, always more xp to be earned, and always a new place to explore, and this will only keep going as the game is updated and more content is added.Now for the negative points (and lemme tell ya these are some really negative points lol):1) The playerbase; probably the most immature playerbase I've come across in an MMO. It obviously isn't 100% bad, but many of the top guilds and high-level PvPers are essentialy keyboard warriors who will grief you for looking at them wrong. It's upsetting and just generally silly to see how they lord their in-game power over others and how seriously they take a Korean video game.2) Enhancement. Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥the enhancement system. It's constant gambling with the durability of your equipment (and at higher levels even its enhancement level) and your money as you invest millions of silvers into black stones to get very little out of it as the enhancement system is entirely RNG based. Getting yourself to a maximum level of enhancement on your gear is essentially a question of pure luck and you can either spend very little on a piece of equipment or a mind-numbing amount, and this is completely random. It sends much of your hard work to waste. Fortunately, you can buy pre-enhanced equipment on the marketplace, but these don't come buy often and they cost a LOT of silvers.3) RNG; kinda running off what I said in the last point, many aspects of this game rely entirely on RNG. The bargaining minigame lets you earn more money for trade goods (essentially special items that you can transport to various parts of the map and make phat stacks off of trading with specific NPCs) but the success or failure of your bargaining is entirely based on RNG. As far as I know, your Trading skill does not affect its success, and neither does you level of amity (friendship, essentially) with the NPC (although it does increase the amount of times you can attempt to bargain). There is also, of course, the aspect that enhancing your gear is based entirely on RNG. Success or failure and whether or not your money goes to waste is based on pure luck.Overall, this is certainly a niche game. Many people hate this game, and many people love it intensely (as I do). The complaints against this game are valid, as are its praises. It's not perfect, but it's good for me and for many, many other players, and personally it's one of my favourite games of all time and right up there with Runescape as for my favourite MMOs.I can't give this game any real x/10 score because it's ultimately what you make of it. You get out of this game what you put into it, and it's neither an inherently good or bad game. It's a niche game, and therefore it appeals highly to a certain playerbase and pushes away others. If you don't like this game, that's ok! And if you love it as much as I do, I hope to see you in-game and  clap those white boi cheeks  enjoy this world with you.also send nudes 
[RBC] Insanity	Recommended	1,088.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198288010383/	10/10 Would quit again.
Alt_Might	Not Recommended	3,450.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Alt_Might/	I Played this for about 6 months or more and as you can see the amount of hours I had put into this game was rather disgusting (most of that was afk, uh its a ingame feature). Its been 1-2 months or more since then where I decided to make a review without a freshly sick stomach. I talked with some dudes who still play to see if anything has "changed" before I did this review. But This game Remains to be one of the biggest upsets I have ever encountered and it still lingers on after all these days with a bad taste.  This game keeps getting popular for good reasons: combat, open world, big pvp battles, etc these are all very open and obviously presented to a potential buyer... BUT under the surface there are hidden/undiscovered reasons to  NEVER  ever ever ever ever ever play this game  PERIOD . TL;DR:   Borderline scam and a general waste of time.   Your life is more valuable than you think... If you decide to play this, let alone spending money on this. Ugh bad taste very bad taste. Burned again by yet another Asian MMo.The pros are obvious as well as the potential this game  COULD  have. {THE CONS}: >Lagy servers. And a care to not fix them or relocate them. Adds stupid and not well thought out features to increase populations at castle wars.>Borderline paytowin(I don't blame them to hard they need money, BUT They seem to not care what the player base wants or DOES NOT WANT EVER. To many money sinks that you really need to be revent so forget the idea that you can play this free and clear. You will easily spend a few hundred and what's amazing is when you sink money into some cash shop items you may come out with nothing to show (pets)  MONEY GAMBLING MMO >THE GRIND lel. An interesting way to progress your character, but... It feels like♥♥♥♥♥♥ So basically you grind to level, get drops and money. THEN you spin a wheel to see if rng will... More than likely not bless you. So you spend ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s of untold and in my case very told hours grinding to get all the things you need to then spin a wheel which has been datamined to reveal what everyone already new. VERY LOW CHANCE OF SUCCESS.  Problem is everything of importance in this game comes from grinding/rng No other features or paths you can choose that isn't a boring grindy uninteresting activity. Now I am not saying this game needs gibs and it has daily rewards and holiday things. What It needs is a new perspective and feature that's well FUN. A word only understood by westerners.  >The game based around you get 1 set of gear and upgrade. ITS DIFFERENT FROM WOW! SILLY! Us elite gamers don't need to constantly replace/get new gear every half or so year like wow♥♥♥♥♥♥♥...I THOUGHT THIS TOO. WRONG. They keep adding new gear that undermines gear before it. Slight upgrades but its a better piece to upgrade just more pricey/rare(oh good more fun-sarcasm.) So the game idea is. There are 3 gear types.1. Starter gear/limited gear. 2.♥♥♥♥♥♥blue gear, but you could get high GS with it. 3. Yellow gear is end game gear. They are all equal, but diverse in stats. Wrong. They added new gear that totally undermines existing yellow gear. Basilisk belt<val and tungrad belt. >imbalanced classes/bad class design or as the small vigilant minority of the community says,  Diverse classes. Essentially you need to do grinding to level up/get stuff to be relevant if your so bless to win the wheel of fortune contest. Some classes suck at grinding mobs. And don't worry when you do grind and get somewhere your class could be♥♥♥♥♥♥at small or large scale pvp maybe even both. Some classes continue to be irrelevant at "endgame" and there are clear Alpha classes. The whole game model fall outs when you put so much energy and time into this game for your class just to be good at a few things. Rerollings isn't that easy and you guessed it, costs more Real money. >If I where to theoretically get to end game though the mass of pain and misery.... Will it be finally fun and enriching?NO. Even if you grind to lvl 60 and got 500+ GS- Which takes people a around a year. So they've said. You will still get crushed by Rng/grind gods who somehow have the time and all of whom started close to release. So you will then want to get better upgrades... Oh boy back to the wheel of pain. I know people who lost 25-50+ Gs in a day. 90% of them quit and then where quite honest and clear with the delusion they they where living under so these month. The others... I pray they see the light. I pray for their souls. No sarcasm. Also the EendgameTM is♥♥♥♥♥♥ Its nothing more than grinding mobs(yea the thing your suppose to do to get to "engame"TM) and fighting people in large bases with a frame rate of a socialist economy and a server with the strength of a small 3rd world child. >Good luck new player. The catch up mechanics in this game are just about as good as you can think when the game is based around Spin the wheel upgrading gear coupled with Large amounts of high level nerding and grinding(play time.) Conclusion  I could go on I really could, not for me, but to spread the awareness to others. I have to stop it pains me to remember this damn game. Problem with this game its a typical scam structure. Good ideas/promising. They lure you in with really genuine and interesting gameplay. Then after they release the game, they borderline abandon any new features or advancements and micro/cash shop the absolute crap out of it. Nothing is good or promising about what they did with this amazing mmo. Your life is valuable. Thank you.
Busata	Not Recommended	190.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Busata/	Starting outThe game is pretty overwhelming when you start out, you're gradually introduced to the UI elements but it'll probably be confusing for the first few hours. You'll want to fiddle with the settings to reduce the noise that it creates.In those first hours you’ll be exploring the different aspects of the game such as the combat, node/worker system, crafting, upgrading gear and so on. Note that this takes some effort on your side as it's easy to miss some of the in-game guides/tutorials that explain those parts of the game.BDO features various paths where you can progress in, you'll gain XP as in other MMO's and gain combat skill points, but there are other features such as contribution points, used for (but not limited to) the craft parts of the game and energy points (used to execute a variety of actions such as crafting, hiring new workers, talking in server chat) CombatIt'll be no surprise that XP and combat points can be gained by beating up mobs. I think the look and feel of the combat is by far the best quality of the game. I've mainly played as a berserker and it was very refreshing being able to beat up mobs using the shortcut/hotkey system (shift + LMB, or -> + RMB etc.) instead of the typical MMO's 1-2-3 button mashing. It features combos and pretty visceral animations. Note that your mileage may vary here if you play another class.Quests rarely sparked my interest and following the main quest quickly falls into the pattern of "introduce mob type -> kill them -> kill different variations of them -> kill boss -> introduce to new mob type". The solo bosses that I've encountered had no interest mechanics going for them aside from some frontal attacks that you can evade to avoid being stunned etc.The problem however is that if you play on the XP boosted servers, despite following the quests & doing the side quests you'll out level the quests and mobs & nothing is really a challenge until you reach level 50-51. I didn't mind since I had fun trying out the combos and enjoyed the playstyle of berserker until then, after which it turned into grinding packs of mobs.Workers/NodesAside from your typical XP bar, you also gain contribution points by doing the side quests (or handing in side products gained by crafting). These points can be used to invest in nodes, or housing in a town. Nodes are thing such as farms or mines to which you can assign workers that will gather materials for you.The workers and the materials they gather need a place to stay, and this is where the towns housing comes in. You can buy houses at towns, again by using contribution points, and assign them as storage to expand your warehouse capacity, or lodging so you can hire more workers.This was a promising interesting system that for me fell flat around the same time I reached level 50. By then I had unlocked the nodes around the first two towns and had workers (26 or 27 of em) assigned to most of them. All in all it seemed like a complex system but it turns out to be bait for a simple grind you have to go through, maxing out workers seems like a tedious process with little complexity/challenge to it.On top of that, workers will only finish their current task (you can queue tasks), if you go offline, so to get the most out of it you’ll have to keep the game running.CraftingI’ve only explored cooking, processing and fishing in BDO. The materials you gain from the worker nodes can be sold directly on the marketplace. You can also use them as ingredients for the various crafting systems so it earns you more if you have the appropriate skill.While crafting is mostly AFK friendly, the time you can go AFK depends on your inventory space, weight limits, durability of the tools etc. Marketplace & GearGear is probably best gained by buying it from the marketplace. Note that the marketplace has fixed prices which I suppose is based on supply/demand, you can only list items for the price range that the game sets for you. I’ve had no fun interacting with the market what so ever, popular items are sold instantly so you’ll either sit there & hoping you can snipe items, or use the pre-order system. A buy/order system such as you can find in Eve wouldn’t hurt it in my opinion.Gear is typically chosen based on their set bonus, and you upgrade them using black stones to enchant it. Each successful enchant increases the defense or attack stats the item has and it becomes progressively harder to enchant the item. If the enchantment fails, you gain fail stacks, which increase the chance of success of your next attempt. Failure also lowers the max durability of an item, forcing you to repair it after too many failed attempts by using either the same base item or memory fragments (expensive!). This is a RNG game where you have to build up the fail stacks by enchanting other items, switch to alts, etc, I didn’t like it all.Cash shopSince P2W seems mentioned a lot I tend to agree that it favours people that buy items from their cash shop. Pets can be bought from other players through the market, but you’ll have no chance at that when you start out, so you best buy them from the shop. Pets have various skills, but most importantly, auto loots stuff for you. Considering the quests progress towards “kill 100 of mob type X”, you’ll have a lot of manual looting to do, so these pets are very handy to have.Other cash shop items are increasing inventory space (not really needed), weight limits (probably very handy, as while you increase inventory slots, the weight limit does not), costumes which give bonuses to crafting or things like stamina, xp gain, jump height. Items that increase the max durability you can repair with a fragment or item, outfits that allow you to craft stuff from your warehouse instead of your inventory and value packs.Value packs increase your weight & inventory limits, more xp and 30% increase in money you gain from the marketplace (so to negate the taxes I suppose). It’s basically a subscription as value packs last 7 or 30 days.You can argument that these are all convenience stats but I find it all adds up rather fast and it’s pretty pricey to get the items, so for me another downside to this game.TL;DRThe game features good combat animation but falls short in that category when it comes to challenge and boring mechanics. The other aspects of the game hide behind a thin veil of complexity which was fun to explore and discover, but once you look past that you’ll see it’s grinding all the way. If you’re fine with grinding and the playstyle that that offers, you’ll have good fun with the game, otherwise I fear the discouragement of slow progress will push you towards the cash shop, or in my case, stopped playing.
Haveny	Recommended	41.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Haveny/	The game has a good plot and that's what I played for. 
T.	Recommended	246.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/tahsin951/	Probably the best looking MMO i've played so far, and i've been playing MMO since i was as young as 9 or 10. THis trully blew my mind from the start to even just the tutorial, I know this might be a bit of an early review, and i will go back to it later to give a better version - but my first impressions so far in the 6hrs i've played. Its trully amazing, the combat system is detailed, the game always has many players - so its never dead, even if you are playing this at 3am at midnight and you are just going through the tutorial area there will still be people. tl;dr its a good mmo to spend your money on, as you are paying a 1 time fee, its not a cash grab, its play to win and not pay to win like 99% of the mmo's out there and everything about the game is beautiful.
Butterlord	Recommended	14.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/harlaus_is_bae/	This was so much more than I expected for the price I bought it at. I thought for sure there would be crap ton of microtransactions and whatnot since the entry price was so low and there was no subscription fee but nope, complete freedom. The game itself has a lot going for it, the character creation impressed me from the get go and the combat is something that is easy to learn and hard to master. Overall I think this is a game to try even if you're a little iffy just because there is so much content for such a little price tag.
Morbid Fable	Not Recommended	43.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/zalebcaleb/	♥♥♥♥ Korean developers and Pearl Abyss. Do not touch this game, they went full F2P except they dare to charge you upfront as well.Used to be cool, but they ♥♥♥♥ed up.
Plan B	Not Recommended	11.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/2143547698/	Went back promise.
Gladerious	Not Recommended	0.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198068794500/	Played this game on release with the highest founders pack. Leveling is utter garbage, if not for the amazing combat system id never level again. I heard theyve worked on the exp curve which is great (I was lv 57 back when there where only about 11 of us in total on the server that lv) Gearing in this game was developed by some serious masochists one of the worst in any mmo. No real content unless you want to grind 1 of the 2 decent areas for silver all day long or afk the worker system. My pc was on 24/7 to run this game in afk mode to stay pvp competetive. PVP is amazing but only so much you can do before truly feeling the rng behind the gearing system. alot of P2W elements back then, I hear its worse now.No the brilliant developpers advertise they "looked at our game and thought what could we do better" what they came up with? Improved graphics and sound to a game that had some of the best graphics and sound weve seen in an mmo...Ive never written a review, nor have I ever been upset at anything online... I thought "triggered" was just some♥♥♥♥♥♥idiots threw around but damn was I upset seeing this remastered bull to a game that couldve been amazing... 
Omuffins	Not Recommended	6.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198149082546/	Incredibly uneventful game. One of the most boring that I have ever played. it is grindy and just plain annoying. I would not reccommend this to anyone unless they have 35 hours eachday1/10
Darknzz	Not Recommended	8,720.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197987463129/	!!!New players beware!!!Having over 7k hrs of play time may seem like a lot and you may ask how can you give a negative review. If you have been playing the game since the release date, you started at the right time. New players however are at an extreme disadvantage and the gap grows with each patch. Let me explain;!!!If you think this is TL'DR then don't play this game, you need to be made aware of everything happening!!!Cons-Development issues and Korean server favoritismOver time the game has been updated with plenty of content albeit the KR version is always months and months ahead of other releases. To the dismay of most of the player base some of the more crucial updates that relate to characters and basic functionality of the game have gone over poorly even when updates go live months ahead of time in Korea. It has been so bad that the developer has had to give away months of boosts and bonuses to keep people playing and quell the riots. Recent changes have also made many of the world bosses become unbeatable because of the developers lack of understanding in their own ecosystem. This also has created a bottleneck in several items because bosses are not dying and loot chances suffer as a result leading to demoralized boss hunters skipping boss spawns entirely. Many community outlets have attempted to communicate with the developer, but this has led to many, many frustrated content creators calling them out publicly for ignoring the playerbase on all fronts. The last 6 months or so has been a rollercoaster of blunders and empty apologies. This is only the tip of the iceberg regarding this point of reference.-Grinding and AFK timeNow you can fully realize the strain this game puts on your gaming time. 7k hours of playtime and I would estimate 2/3rds of that time is spent AFK. How can you spend that much time AFK? For starters they -HEAVILY- promote AFK gameplay. Most crafts are entirely done AFK and you will spend days crafting items to make passive income from items NPC workers you have will farm up gradually over time. Another instance is the recent fishing event has had me leave my computer on for about 3 weeks straight allowing me to make a load of money, but logged in for a week at a time only to log off for the weekly downtime stacks that playtime counter. Thats an entire 7 days of almost entirely AFK gameplay each week minus the 6-8hrs+ of server maintenance. What if you just want to grind? Be prepared for days, weeks, months spent grinding and once your reaching the softcap (61-63) it could take you months of coming home and spending the 2-3+hrs of time you have doing nothing except grinding. This extends as you get raided by better geared players and your grind spots are taken by people who are willing to fight over it because when you die you lose experience which could mean hours or days of lost time.-Promotes gambling addictionsThe only way of upgrading items is a gambling system based on RNG. They've kept important information on this system close to the chest leading people to crack the files open to peak inside. Heros to the community, demons to the devs and made examples of publicly to deter others from following their examples. For some people the RNG for upgrading can be simple enough, but for others it is almost impossible and leads to many new players quitting the game once everything comes into perspective. I've spent over a year in the game and made 0 progress in 8 months time. How can this be? You will progress to a certain point at which the system will change and you can potentially lose all progress. I've repeateded this process over the course of 8 months and cannot break into the next tier (Tet) of items I need. I've followed guides and advice to ultimately be told I fall into the 5% of the playerbase who have horrible RNG and should stop upgrading, wasting billions in materials to instead just outright buy the items, or switch to the KR version of the game. Korea has several different mechanics that improve this system while many speculate other markets have yet to release or will never be releasing this system due to negative impacts on the Cash Shop. Why not just stop at the 3rd tier? Because of the next con;-Expanding content has been dividing player capabilities into extremesNew players are at such a disadvantage in gear that it leads to many new players quitting when they realize the grind that is ahead. Top this with people already at the softcap or higher have free reign in this game leads to many frustrated people quitting the game early on. They've released new mechanics that make people at the softcap or higher even stronger. A good example of why this is a problem is people near the cap in gear can easily kill a softcap player and take their grind or troll them out of experience by camping them, a softcap player can easily kill anyone not at softcap etc. etc. etc., a player just under softcap with boss gear can easily kill anyone reaching the end of the starting easily acquired gear. When I say easy, this means either being 1 shot or 1 combo is enough to kill you off. Your level essentially means nothing while gear means everything which may frustrate a new player who expects some kind of level playing field upon reaching a new level. New players with fresh gear can expect almost anyone to be able to 1 shot them into oblivion your first time hitting level 55. This is a PVP game, people love to PVP, they aren't nice 99% of the time and everyone enjoys the easy kills. This also leads to some PVE content being locked behind gear requirement walls.-One of the most toxic player communitiesThe world and server chats are some of the most caustic, deplorable and frankly abusive communities I have ever seen. The developer doesn't police this and simply tells people to use the block function to mute people and use the profanity filters. If your offending by people using autistic as an insult or constant gay/trans bashing immediately turn off server chat upon entering the game for your first time. Many of the content creators are guilty of this and many of them have come and gone because they've been banned from Twitch and other streaming venues while others skirt by living on the edge of what is acceptable by the website hosts. Thankfully they've been getting better at banning toxic personalities.-Cash shop items are a must for long term viabilityCash shop items are touted as optional. The longer you play the game the more you realize this is a lie promoted by people who have usually just played long enough they've received free items to make up for it. There are a few items you will find lead to a huge gap in efficiency and seperates players into p2w categories:1. Pets, having T3/4 pets can earn you 10-20million more per hour over have T1 pets. The upgrading of these pets is again, RNG and can lead to huge amounts of REAL MONEY being wasted on failed upgrade attempts because your pets can de-level when combining... Which means 2 of your T3/T2 pets could return to a T1/T2 state and you suffer the loss of a pet as well because you need to merge two to create a potentially upgraded one. If you don't buy pets you have to walk to each enemy and collect your loot manually. 2. Tents, recently added to the game you can spend a boatload of ingame money to have a week of time using tent upgrades out in the field or purchase the cash shop one for permant upgrades. This is by far one of the most publicly voiced annoyances in the p2w aspect of the game. 3. All costumes provide several boosts to a player and a few provide some that would normally not be available such as negated exp loss on death, crafting boosts and camoflauge.Pros- The best combat system in any MMORPG. This is almost universally agreed upon by many content creators.- One of the most beautiful MMORPGs/online games on the market right now.- A large amount of content worth a month or two of playtime if doing nothing but PVE
Artiō	Not Recommended	345.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198137537867/	After playing this game for 339 hours & playing more than one class, I've found it was starting to become reptitive & less enjoyable to play and that's where my main "issue" lies with this game beside the in game markeplace lagAt first I loved this game, I would spend hours upon hours playing and I would sometimes play it overnight but then I hit level 50 and things started to become mehAs many other reviews have stated you are forced to grind to earn in game currency(for better armour-weapons)/level up (in game stats or to level 56 to awakening) These things will take a very long time, hours a day in real life which is mainly why I quit as I was grinding but getting nothing in return it seemedThere are pros to this game, I for one loved the in game chat (it gets crazy sometimes) the character customization & the various classes offered, guilds, boss battles,combat, graphics & ect..But I don't find its worth it, unless you love to spend hours and days grinding with little to no progress once you reach a higher level then sure this game might be for you
Frosty	Not Recommended	184.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Frostykill/	Don't make this mistake
TUFOM	Recommended	865.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TUFOM/	If you liked runescape back in day this is game for you. Graphics cranked up through the roof and many additions like horses, workers you can manage, even wider selection of professions etc. Fair warning game can be unhealthy amounts addicting. I mean I got this about month ago...If you play casually you have zero need for in game purchases but if you take game even half seriously prepare to burn around 50€ (pets+weight limit) which are pretty much needed for grinding sessions. Another 30€ if you wan't look cool (outfit), some classes look seriously ugly by default with out paid outfit and its near impossible to get them for in game money since there are quite lot people ready to snipe.Witch+horse free outfit:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1155982354Witch+horse my preferred paid outfit:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1155982302Top of that 15€/month for valuepack which gives: Increase of Bag / Storage slots by +16, Weight Limit Increased +100, Unlimited Beauty Shop Access, Combat / Life / Skill / Horse Experience gain +10%, Marketplace Collection Tax reduced by 30%. Marketplace thing being the main thing you're basically nerfed by 30% of your income with out this.Optimal money spending guide:Forget Traveler's Package and Explorer's Package. From pearl store:2-4 pets (4 recommended) [18-44€]Weight limit 200-500 (more is better) [17-46,5€]Value pack for one month (for that +30% income) [15€/month]If you wan't to maximize your afk fishing revenue:+16 inventory slots (1-2x) [14,5-29€]"Brand" your fishing rod for significant increase in durabilty. (I recommend doing this for Balenos fishing rod.) [4€]Everything is optional but this is my list if you don't want to be "limited" even slightest way. I would recommend playing a week with out paying anything and do not buy anything if you don't love the game!Game is most definedly pay for convenience and P2W to some extent. For example you can buy 30€ outfit and sell it for around 35M in game money but you can grind that amount in few hours. I can't imagine much people spending 90€ for 100M in game money. 100M is quite little money in long run.Also quite beefy rig is recommended, my i5 4690K @4.5Ghz, 16GB DDR3, GTX 980 OC can just barely keep game above 60fps 1080p with high settings. To fully enjoy the game I would assume you need rig quite near recommended specs.My final verdict is its awesome mmo game but prepare to pay more than 10€ if you like the game.
Bluu.	Recommended	96.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/-bluu/	Great game This game is great i love it there isnt much story like duh but the way the game mechanics feel and simply the feeling of that game is great i would buy it again for the full pice the only downfall is that you need so much time to get good gear and the gear isnt so great even if its on high level and even the higher-ish level of gear is bear semi good but the game is great
Egyptian Female	Not Recommended	14.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/egyptianfemale/	Chocolate muffin recipe2 cups (280 g/10 oz) all-purpose flour¾ cup (80 g/2.8 oz) unsweetened cocoa powder2½ teaspoons baking powder½ teaspoon baking soda½ teaspoon salt1¼ cups (250 g/8.8 oz) granulated sugar2 large eggs1 cup buttermilk¼ cup butter (55 g/2 oz), melted and cooled¼ cup canola oil (or vegetable, safflower)2 teaspoons instant coffee, optional1 teaspoon vanilla extract1 cup (170 g/6 oz) mix of chocolate chips and chunksInstructions1. Preheat oven to 220C/425F degrees. Butter 12 muffin cups or line them with liner paper.2. Melt the butter in a medium bowl in the microwave, and let it cool a bit while you prepare the other ingredients.3. In a large bowl sift together flour, cocoa, baking powder, baking soda and salt. Add sugar and mix. Set aside.4. In a medium bowl, whisk the eggs with the buttermilk, oil, melted butter, coffee granules and vanilla extract. Pour the wet ingredients into the dry ingredients and stir with a wooden spoon or a rubber spatula just until combined. Do not over mix. The batter should be thick and lumpy. Add chocolate chips/chunks and stir.5. Divide the mixture between the muffin cups and fill them almost all the way to the top. Bake for 3 minutes and then reduce the oven temperature to 180C/350F. Continue to bake for an additional 12-17 minutes (15-20 minutes total), until a toothpick inserted into the center of the muffin comes out clean. Transfer to a wire rack and let cool for about 10 minutes before removing from pan.6. Muffins are best the same day they are made, but can be stored in an airtight container at room temperature for up to 2 days, or, they can be frozen for up to 2 months.P2W is real
LokeSvk	Not Recommended	438.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/LokeSvk/	You will enjoy this game only if you pay another 40 for pets and 10 for stupid montly value packs that you will for your inventory space and weight  and dont get me started on the p2w aspects of this game :/ this game could be so much funn if they would include autoloot,bigger inventory more balancing and actual story and not focusing on the pearl shop...
Ult	Not Recommended	68.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ultimate255/	p2w
IWanaBeG9	Not Recommended	44.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198129893145/	Boring grind realy not worth investing time into.
Haven	Not Recommended	957.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198077079187/	As a huge fan of asian MMO's I've enjoyed a lot of BDO.  The combat system is one of the best if not the best in all modern MMORPG's. Together with a gorgeous visual experience, you can have a lot of fun starting in this game. All the goodness is soon killed by the greediness and lack of community input in the game. You will have to dedicate your life to this game if you want to be good and if you want to maintain it. With all of the RNG going on in the game it can be very frustrating. You will have to spend hours and hours grinding in this game to have the funds to upgrade your character and feel a sort of progression. If you don't have time for this you will spent even longer in AFK time doing life skills that earn you cash. The final option would be: invest in the game. Which is obviously what the deverlopers are pushing. Overall: beautiful game with lots of potential, killed by bad management.
Bluu.	Recommended	96.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/-bluu/	Great game This game is great i love it there isnt much story like duh but the way the game mechanics feel and simply the feeling of that game is great i would buy it again for the full pice the only downfall is that you need so much time to get good gear and the gear isnt so great even if its on high level and even the higher-ish level of gear is bear semi good but the game is great
TUFOM	Recommended	865.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TUFOM/	If you liked runescape back in day this is game for you. Graphics cranked up through the roof and many additions like horses, workers you can manage, even wider selection of professions etc. Fair warning game can be unhealthy amounts addicting. I mean I got this about month ago...If you play casually you have zero need for in game purchases but if you take game even half seriously prepare to burn around 50€ (pets+weight limit) which are pretty much needed for grinding sessions. Another 30€ if you wan't look cool (outfit), some classes look seriously ugly by default with out paid outfit and its near impossible to get them for in game money since there are quite lot people ready to snipe.Witch+horse free outfit:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1155982354Witch+horse my preferred paid outfit:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1155982302Top of that 15€/month for valuepack which gives: Increase of Bag / Storage slots by +16, Weight Limit Increased +100, Unlimited Beauty Shop Access, Combat / Life / Skill / Horse Experience gain +10%, Marketplace Collection Tax reduced by 30%. Marketplace thing being the main thing you're basically nerfed by 30% of your income with out this.Optimal money spending guide:Forget Traveler's Package and Explorer's Package. From pearl store:2-4 pets (4 recommended) [18-44€]Weight limit 200-500 (more is better) [17-46,5€]Value pack for one month (for that +30% income) [15€/month]If you wan't to maximize your afk fishing revenue:+16 inventory slots (1-2x) [14,5-29€]"Brand" your fishing rod for significant increase in durabilty. (I recommend doing this for Balenos fishing rod.) [4€]Everything is optional but this is my list if you don't want to be "limited" even slightest way. I would recommend playing a week with out paying anything and do not buy anything if you don't love the game!Game is most definedly pay for convenience and P2W to some extent. For example you can buy 30€ outfit and sell it for around 35M in game money but you can grind that amount in few hours. I can't imagine much people spending 90€ for 100M in game money. 100M is quite little money in long run.Also quite beefy rig is recommended, my i5 4690K @4.5Ghz, 16GB DDR3, GTX 980 OC can just barely keep game above 60fps 1080p with high settings. To fully enjoy the game I would assume you need rig quite near recommended specs.My final verdict is its awesome mmo game but prepare to pay more than 10€ if you like the game.
Egyptian Female	Not Recommended	14.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/egyptianfemale/	Chocolate muffin recipe2 cups (280 g/10 oz) all-purpose flour¾ cup (80 g/2.8 oz) unsweetened cocoa powder2½ teaspoons baking powder½ teaspoon baking soda½ teaspoon salt1¼ cups (250 g/8.8 oz) granulated sugar2 large eggs1 cup buttermilk¼ cup butter (55 g/2 oz), melted and cooled¼ cup canola oil (or vegetable, safflower)2 teaspoons instant coffee, optional1 teaspoon vanilla extract1 cup (170 g/6 oz) mix of chocolate chips and chunksInstructions1. Preheat oven to 220C/425F degrees. Butter 12 muffin cups or line them with liner paper.2. Melt the butter in a medium bowl in the microwave, and let it cool a bit while you prepare the other ingredients.3. In a large bowl sift together flour, cocoa, baking powder, baking soda and salt. Add sugar and mix. Set aside.4. In a medium bowl, whisk the eggs with the buttermilk, oil, melted butter, coffee granules and vanilla extract. Pour the wet ingredients into the dry ingredients and stir with a wooden spoon or a rubber spatula just until combined. Do not over mix. The batter should be thick and lumpy. Add chocolate chips/chunks and stir.5. Divide the mixture between the muffin cups and fill them almost all the way to the top. Bake for 3 minutes and then reduce the oven temperature to 180C/350F. Continue to bake for an additional 12-17 minutes (15-20 minutes total), until a toothpick inserted into the center of the muffin comes out clean. Transfer to a wire rack and let cool for about 10 minutes before removing from pan.6. Muffins are best the same day they are made, but can be stored in an airtight container at room temperature for up to 2 days, or, they can be frozen for up to 2 months.P2W is real
Artiō	Not Recommended	345.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198137537867/	After playing this game for 339 hours & playing more than one class, I've found it was starting to become reptitive & less enjoyable to play and that's where my main "issue" lies with this game beside the in game markeplace lagAt first I loved this game, I would spend hours upon hours playing and I would sometimes play it overnight but then I hit level 50 and things started to become mehAs many other reviews have stated you are forced to grind to earn in game currency(for better armour-weapons)/level up (in game stats or to level 56 to awakening) These things will take a very long time, hours a day in real life which is mainly why I quit as I was grinding but getting nothing in return it seemedThere are pros to this game, I for one loved the in game chat (it gets crazy sometimes) the character customization & the various classes offered, guilds, boss battles,combat, graphics & ect..But I don't find its worth it, unless you love to spend hours and days grinding with little to no progress once you reach a higher level then sure this game might be for you
Frosty	Not Recommended	184.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Frostykill/	Don't make this mistake
fgposdjgpoisdjgoidfjgoifg	Not Recommended	879.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198045590850/	dont do it
President Panda	Not Recommended	424.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198154819348/	WASTE OF TIMEYou will realize this game is out to take your money and waste your time. Waste your time is an understatement BTW.I'm extremely frustrated with this game. I am sorry I've ever bought it. Do yourself a favor...STAY FAR AWAY AS YOU CAN.DO NOT BUY.  
LokeSvk	Not Recommended	438.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/LokeSvk/	You will enjoy this game only if you pay another 40 for pets and 10 for stupid montly value packs that you will for your inventory space and weight  and dont get me started on the p2w aspects of this game :/ this game could be so much funn if they would include autoloot,bigger inventory more balancing and actual story and not focusing on the pearl shop...
Miker	Not Recommended	178.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198166701962/	Thanks for broke this game kakao ..!.. In this time tahta game is only pay2win .
Linkeh	Not Recommended	356.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Linkmaster97/	Fun game that starts off well with beautiful graphics and a massive world to explore, but later descends into a grindfest hell when trying to enhance your gear with no skill, just pure dumb luck. This game might have a shot if the enhancing mechanic were to be changed, as well as fresh updates and making the servers lag free, but the developers really don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about NA servers nor their playerbase in general, so that probably won't happen.PS: MAKE STEAM ACHIEVEMENTS UNLOCKABLE YOU ♥♥♥♥S
Haven	Not Recommended	957.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198077079187/	As a huge fan of asian MMO's I've enjoyed a lot of BDO.  The combat system is one of the best if not the best in all modern MMORPG's. Together with a gorgeous visual experience, you can have a lot of fun starting in this game. All the goodness is soon killed by the greediness and lack of community input in the game. You will have to dedicate your life to this game if you want to be good and if you want to maintain it. With all of the RNG going on in the game it can be very frustrating. You will have to spend hours and hours grinding in this game to have the funds to upgrade your character and feel a sort of progression. If you don't have time for this you will spent even longer in AFK time doing life skills that earn you cash. The final option would be: invest in the game. Which is obviously what the deverlopers are pushing. Overall: beautiful game with lots of potential, killed by bad management.
Andrew T	Not Recommended	154.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/andrewtanner/	Nothing here for the average gamer. Most things need to be done AFK for real progress. Microtransactions for much more than just cosmetics which should also be a red flag. Not reccomended unless you want a mindless grind.
elttut	Not Recommended	3.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198806475138/	My first issue was that only the "Enter" and "Esc" keys were working. The mouse appears, but would not highlight anything or enable ny click throughs. So right off the bat I couldn't even play the game. A forum from 2016 described a simple fix for the issue involving the .exe file and a scaling option. A documented issue from, and they still haven't addressed it in 2018. My second issue is that after selecting my unique family name (got it on my second try, yay!), and spending a good hour with the incredibly detailed character creation engine, I was ready to finalize my character and choose a first name. "That name is already taken, choose another". Wait, what?! Why do I need a unique first name if I already have a unique family name? How does that make any sense at all? After trying several options, still no luck. So I never even got into the game, because I'm not going to seriously play a game where my character has to be named after random string of letters and numbers to even be allowed. I can't even imagine why the developer thinks requiring a unique family name and first name is even necessary.I should probbly thank the developers for making it so easy for me not to get addicted to this game! And why was I even considering this when I just got VR??
Chipboard	Not Recommended	207.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197985065083/	Pay to win ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t alert with female character designs and outfits that are far from appropriate for minors (if that is relevant to you)---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------The two redeeming factors of this game are the excellent feeling, smooth and flowing combat mechanics and a trade/worker system mini game that rounds out the experience.However that where the praise stops.This game is blatantly pay to win, with boring and unrewarding character and item progression locked behind pure stat based RNG and a cash shop that makes a little vomit, bile and rage gurgle up from your stomach.The visual changes of leveling up or obtaining new gear is pretty much non existent with all decent visual changes locked behind some form of excessively expensive premium cash shop item or purchase.Progression is relatively slow with the usual premium character boosting purchases (Xp, Crafting, Pet item collection bonus's)The story is mediocre at best with dialogue and cut scenes often linked to location rather than actual game progression, so don't be surprised if you start a little interaction with the story well before you should be.Any positive that this game had, has brutally beaten to an inch of it's life by this game's frankly disgusting implementation of its pay to win premium cash shop.This game should be free with the amount of premium content that is shoveled down your throat the moment you hit install.As you can guess, yeah I don't recommend this game in the slightest.
Uptown_Stra	Not Recommended	0.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198049986780/	Played it on a free weekend and still wasnt worth the money.
fgposdjgpoisdjgoidfjgoifg	Not Recommended	879.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198045590850/	dont do it
President Panda	Not Recommended	424.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198154819348/	WASTE OF TIMEYou will realize this game is out to take your money and waste your time. Waste your time is an understatement BTW.I'm extremely frustrated with this game. I am sorry I've ever bought it. Do yourself a favor...STAY FAR AWAY AS YOU CAN.DO NOT BUY.  
Hirens	Not Recommended	0.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/hirens/	P2W, bad. Do not waste your time.
TUFOM	Recommended	865.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TUFOM/	If you liked runescape back in day this is game for you. Graphics cranked up through the roof and many additions like horses, workers you can manage, even wider selection of professions etc. Fair warning game can be unhealthy amounts addicting. I mean I got this about month ago...If you play casually you have zero need for in game purchases but if you take game even half seriously prepare to burn around 50€ (pets+weight limit) which are pretty much needed for grinding sessions. Another 30€ if you wan't look cool (outfit), some classes look seriously ugly by default with out paid outfit and its near impossible to get them for in game money since there are quite lot people ready to snipe.Witch+horse free outfit:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1155982354Witch+horse my preferred paid outfit:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1155982302Top of that 15€/month for valuepack which gives: Increase of Bag / Storage slots by +16, Weight Limit Increased +100, Unlimited Beauty Shop Access, Combat / Life / Skill / Horse Experience gain +10%, Marketplace Collection Tax reduced by 30%. Marketplace thing being the main thing you're basically nerfed by 30% of your income with out this.Optimal money spending guide:Forget Traveler's Package and Explorer's Package. From pearl store:2-4 pets (4 recommended) [18-44€]Weight limit 200-500 (more is better) [17-46,5€]Value pack for one month (for that +30% income) [15€/month]If you wan't to maximize your afk fishing revenue:+16 inventory slots (1-2x) [14,5-29€]"Brand" your fishing rod for significant increase in durabilty. (I recommend doing this for Balenos fishing rod.) [4€]Everything is optional but this is my list if you don't want to be "limited" even slightest way. I would recommend playing a week with out paying anything and do not buy anything if you don't love the game!Game is most definedly pay for convenience and P2W to some extent. For example you can buy 30€ outfit and sell it for around 35M in game money but you can grind that amount in few hours. I can't imagine much people spending 90€ for 100M in game money. 100M is quite little money in long run.Also quite beefy rig is recommended, my i5 4690K @4.5Ghz, 16GB DDR3, GTX 980 OC can just barely keep game above 60fps 1080p with high settings. To fully enjoy the game I would assume you need rig quite near recommended specs.My final verdict is its awesome mmo game but prepare to pay more than 10€ if you like the game.
Egyptian Female	Not Recommended	14.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/egyptianfemale/	Chocolate muffin recipe2 cups (280 g/10 oz) all-purpose flour¾ cup (80 g/2.8 oz) unsweetened cocoa powder2½ teaspoons baking powder½ teaspoon baking soda½ teaspoon salt1¼ cups (250 g/8.8 oz) granulated sugar2 large eggs1 cup buttermilk¼ cup butter (55 g/2 oz), melted and cooled¼ cup canola oil (or vegetable, safflower)2 teaspoons instant coffee, optional1 teaspoon vanilla extract1 cup (170 g/6 oz) mix of chocolate chips and chunksInstructions1. Preheat oven to 220C/425F degrees. Butter 12 muffin cups or line them with liner paper.2. Melt the butter in a medium bowl in the microwave, and let it cool a bit while you prepare the other ingredients.3. In a large bowl sift together flour, cocoa, baking powder, baking soda and salt. Add sugar and mix. Set aside.4. In a medium bowl, whisk the eggs with the buttermilk, oil, melted butter, coffee granules and vanilla extract. Pour the wet ingredients into the dry ingredients and stir with a wooden spoon or a rubber spatula just until combined. Do not over mix. The batter should be thick and lumpy. Add chocolate chips/chunks and stir.5. Divide the mixture between the muffin cups and fill them almost all the way to the top. Bake for 3 minutes and then reduce the oven temperature to 180C/350F. Continue to bake for an additional 12-17 minutes (15-20 minutes total), until a toothpick inserted into the center of the muffin comes out clean. Transfer to a wire rack and let cool for about 10 minutes before removing from pan.6. Muffins are best the same day they are made, but can be stored in an airtight container at room temperature for up to 2 days, or, they can be frozen for up to 2 months.P2W is real
Chipboard	Not Recommended	207.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197985065083/	Pay to win ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t alert with female character designs and outfits that are far from appropriate for minors (if that is relevant to you)---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------The two redeeming factors of this game are the excellent feeling, smooth and flowing combat mechanics and a trade/worker system mini game that rounds out the experience.However that where the praise stops.This game is blatantly pay to win, with boring and unrewarding character and item progression locked behind pure stat based RNG and a cash shop that makes a little vomit, bile and rage gurgle up from your stomach.The visual changes of leveling up or obtaining new gear is pretty much non existent with all decent visual changes locked behind some form of excessively expensive premium cash shop item or purchase.Progression is relatively slow with the usual premium character boosting purchases (Xp, Crafting, Pet item collection bonus's)The story is mediocre at best with dialogue and cut scenes often linked to location rather than actual game progression, so don't be surprised if you start a little interaction with the story well before you should be.Any positive that this game had, has brutally beaten to an inch of it's life by this game's frankly disgusting implementation of its pay to win premium cash shop.This game should be free with the amount of premium content that is shoveled down your throat the moment you hit install.As you can guess, yeah I don't recommend this game in the slightest.
Andrew T	Not Recommended	154.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/andrewtanner/	Nothing here for the average gamer. Most things need to be done AFK for real progress. Microtransactions for much more than just cosmetics which should also be a red flag. Not reccomended unless you want a mindless grind.
elttut	Not Recommended	3.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198806475138/	My first issue was that only the "Enter" and "Esc" keys were working. The mouse appears, but would not highlight anything or enable ny click throughs. So right off the bat I couldn't even play the game. A forum from 2016 described a simple fix for the issue involving the .exe file and a scaling option. A documented issue from, and they still haven't addressed it in 2018. My second issue is that after selecting my unique family name (got it on my second try, yay!), and spending a good hour with the incredibly detailed character creation engine, I was ready to finalize my character and choose a first name. "That name is already taken, choose another". Wait, what?! Why do I need a unique first name if I already have a unique family name? How does that make any sense at all? After trying several options, still no luck. So I never even got into the game, because I'm not going to seriously play a game where my character has to be named after random string of letters and numbers to even be allowed. I can't even imagine why the developer thinks requiring a unique family name and first name is even necessary.I should probbly thank the developers for making it so easy for me not to get addicted to this game! And why was I even considering this when I just got VR??
LTSNinja	Not Recommended	1,777.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/LTSNinjaAssassin/	Incompetent devs, P2W,♥♥♥♥♥♥servers and netcode, desync, high gs = win no skill involved anymoreDevs completely killed pvp, pve, and several classes in the past 2 updates. All there is left to do is afk lifeskill DO NOT BUY
Hirens	Not Recommended	0.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/hirens/	P2W, bad. Do not waste your time.
Uptown_Stra	Not Recommended	0.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198049986780/	Played it on a free weekend and still wasnt worth the money.
Absolute Madman ✨	Not Recommended	1.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/MrMoney898/	This game taught me that MMOs are not something I enjoy.Unbelievably boring to me.
ZAMADA	Not Recommended	570.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/techi_3/	BDO try to learn something or two from other MMOs like GW2
Captain Ahab	Recommended	1.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mancry/	It's surprisingly deep and fun for around $5.
Fox	Recommended	390.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198084046451/	GAME WAS OUT BEFORE ON STEAM BUT..PROS: Huge open world - SandboxCharacter creation is as limited as your brain isYou are not locked to professionsCan make money ANY way you want toAuto path is a thingLots of afkable things to do - you can put the game in the tray CONS:World might seem a little too big because you can't teleportCommunity is really .."exclusive"Fashion is either too much or costs IRL money (meaning armor looks don't change)AFKable things - I put this in both because some people would pref a lot more interactive things but it meets in the middle groundServers are unstable at times (because of steam port)Can be compared to a phone game because of the energy system
ZAMADA	Not Recommended	570.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/techi_3/	BDO try to learn something or two from other MMOs like GW2
Absolute Madman ✨	Not Recommended	1.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/MrMoney898/	This game taught me that MMOs are not something I enjoy.Unbelievably boring to me.
Tunkman	Recommended	119.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/bignastynasty/	I get baked and watch my character fish for 4 hours before I go to work every day. 8/10
Brutales	Recommended	200.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/brutales/	I've been playing this game more than any other MMO together (6000hrs+). A lot of things to do and achieve, maybe not best game for perfectionists.Beatiful game, great combat system, large world to explore.(pets, houses, mounts, farming, fishing, trading, diving, sailing, pvp, gvg, gvgvg, arena..)
Takashi.	Not Recommended	1.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/76561198120120855Takashi/	P2W system. What a Joke. Bought the game back in December and never play it and certainly would not in the future.
Lord REEEEEEEEEEEE	Recommended	111.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198055626305/	I dont know what im doingjust like real life6\10
SmallKoreanSeal™	Not Recommended	17.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/hs93/	Nice visuals but the overpriced shop system is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, the afk leveling is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, the inventory thing where you have to buy even more inventory is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, be prepared to watch hours of gameplay in youtube cus the tutorial is lacking. Would rather pay 30 bucks from start and have a complete experience than playing a micro transaction/tamagotchi rpg
Jinlel	Recommended	4,655.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jinlel/	TL;DR - Do I recommend this game? If you are alright with spending DAYS on end on an MMO, much less one of the nicest-looking MMO games on the market, then yes. Pros: Black Desert Online is by far one of the most graphically-advanced games in the MMO market on PC. It is definitely a one-of-a-kind game that offers a lot of content, aside from excellent combat and animations. Much like RuneScape, BDO offers many life-skills in-game, such as farming, fishing, hunting, and such. You can even go as far as buying a house (or multiple houses) in any of the many cities on the massive, open-world map. You can also sail on a fairly large open sea to adventure to islands within the game, as well as whale-hunting (in conjunction with your hunting life-skill). Gear and cosmetic customization is among the best of any MMO I've played so far. The game itself (minus the players, but I'll get to that later) is pretty good to newer players, giving out quite a bit of daily loot that boosts a newer player fairly nicely. All in all, the game is excellent. It has days of content, not to mention that Kakao (the game's publisher) often creates events for the game and its fairly large population). If you find yourself hooked, you will be spending hours in-game for days at a time. For the price this game is on Steam, it is definitely worth it. Just don't forget that there is a seven day trial, if you just want to get your feet wet first, before you dive into it. Cons: The game isn't pay2win in the traditional manner (I mean outright buying your gear or in-game currency), but more-so paying to save yourself a lot of time. In MMORPGs, time is money. When you kill mobs, even if it takes just a second to loot mobs, you will find yourself spending quite a bit of time when you loot 7 mobs you just killed, over and over. You will likely find yourself spending a lot of money on pets in the Pearl Shop (using real life currency) to buy pets. Costumes in the Pearl Shop are also quite pricey. The game is pretty 'dog-eat-dog', so naturally the population can be fairly toxic. Though this may not be seen as a con (for many, it is), the areas outside of towns and cities are considered open PVP areas, so when you are grinding out higher levels, be prepared to see other players start challenging you.
NameHasBeenChanged	Not Recommended	7.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/thecarrygod/	amazing graphics but very boring... quests feel pointless, the game itself feels very pointless, UI oh god remind me of world of warcraft with menues sub menues sub sub sub menues usless and confusing thing popping everywhere on ur screen. Thx but no... TBH u dont even need to play the game U can install a mod or set up a bot to play the game for u.
recon92982	Not Recommended	8.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198006481770/	This game is a pay to win hot mess, only play this game if you are a 'whale' and want to spend tons of money or spend an ungodly amount of time just trying to get by.
recon92982	Not Recommended	8.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198006481770/	This game is a pay to win hot mess, only play this game if you are a 'whale' and want to spend tons of money or spend an ungodly amount of time just trying to get by.
NameHasBeenChanged	Not Recommended	7.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/thecarrygod/	amazing graphics but very boring... quests feel pointless, the game itself feels very pointless, UI oh god remind me of world of warcraft with menues sub menues sub sub sub menues usless and confusing thing popping everywhere on ur screen. Thx but no... TBH u dont even need to play the game U can install a mod or set up a bot to play the game for u.
KotoKuraken	Not Recommended	464.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198092073741/	It's fun for the first 300 hours or so, so there's that. At first you'll be like "oh my! This is an amazing game with a bunch of cool stuff!"Then you venture out and -get PvP'd by random people you don't know who have way better gear than you and are a much higher level-get hated on specifically for your guild and end up getting attacked by either a Ninja or a group of anyone who's a higher level-you get softcapped at a super low level and gotta slowly grind your way all the way up to get even slightly good gear and stats, and even then people who spend 100s of dollars in the game will *always* be better than you-have to spend a lot of time and resources afk farming when you're not playing, so hopefully you have your computer set up as a server so you can get a bunch of income to get your worker empire up and running 24/7-everything is pay to win after your month of leveling, which sucks because you want to keep playing but you can't because you've lost all your "new player" benefitsIf you get tempted to get this game, be prepared to play for a month and then never again. Sure the 300 hours was worth the 10 bucks, but after that, you get to watch your game experience die as you keep getting told you need $ for this thing so you can complete this, $ to make this simple task much easier, $ to do that.
Coyotexer	Recommended	655.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/coyotexer/	WOW The graphic is amazing even at low setting. The combat is really fun too :D
The_Biting_Bear	Recommended	12.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/JadePotato0824/	I love this MMO!!! So much to do for TEN BUCKS this is an absoloute steal and any mmo fans should definitely pick this up. here are some of my favorite things.Depth.Combat.Character creation.visuals
Killua	Recommended	130.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198147358325/	One of the best Games i ever played!
Sosteneshion	Recommended	657.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/sosteneshion/	verygud tho
Miekasd	Recommended	5,188.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198107469436/	i had to write this for the badge on steam k.
Death bitch	Recommended	112.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198118184202/	BDO is my drug of choice.
Drexler	Not Recommended	828.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198197150021/	Product received for free
Beegaard	Recommended	39.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/gertbogaard/	blacked desert online
Pubicbeard	Recommended	476.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198050001460/	it's oke.
Craxzy $	Recommended	142.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/craxzy/	Black Desert is indeed like no other MMORPG you have ever played. Let's start with the good things: -Amazing immersion: next gen graphics, artistic direction that reminds of Skyrim, realism (characters collide with each other, clothes and hair have excellent physics, characters get wet under raining or in water, get stained by mud and blood when fighting, even sweat when fighting, going to de desert produces dehydration and therefore the need of drinking water periodically, etc.) -Sandbox elements: housing, complex farming system that reacts to temperature and weather of each region, horses can be tamed in the wilds and have different skills, they can be breeding, used for racing, etc; you can trade goods from town to town, you can befriend merchants and they will give you secret quests, sell you hidden goods, etc. You can go hunting whales and other creatures with a rifle, take a nap in your home to quickly recover energy... Sandbox really is a thing in this game. -Population all around the world: Everywhere you go in black desert, there's someone. This is achieved mainly with 4 features: 1) there's no fast travel in black desert, 2) The leveling is not quest-based, but grind-based. 3) End game content very is spread out: world bosses are very apart from each other etc. 4) Each main town has it's own advantages so people do not gather in just one place, ie one town might have the best daily quests, other town will have merchants selling stuff you won't find anywhere else, other might be coastal and very close to a profitable fishing or grinding point, etc. Also towns have their own marketplace and item warehouses, with their own taxes, etc. All this ensures people is constantly going around the world and do not stay in one place. -More complex action combat than in any other MMORPG. Classes are therefore very difficult to master which makes for a very rewarding experience. -No pay to win system. -Very long lasting. Having top gear in this game takes... Forever. -PVP content. Eg guilds do not recruit players for free but rather contract them. Guilds can conquer towns and other places that will give them weekly tax money. This kind of guild wars are truly spectacular with players building forts and towers, and other players besieging those buildings with cannons, elephants, etc. Now the bad things: -Poor PVE content. This aspect of the game really is in very early stages and there's no guarantee it will go much further. Main story is cliché and you won’t be paying much attention to it. Monsters lack any tactical approach (do not expect monsters with mechanics you need to learn like in TERA) and are generally very easy to kill. Bosses are sealed within scrolls and you can only acquire one scroll daily so you will only be doing 1 boss daily with a very low chance of it giving anything valuable to you, moreover the bosses are a joke meaning you can solo kill them easily in less than a minute. Another PVE element is world bosses. Those are big monsters that spawn at certain locations once/twice a day. There are only three of them and they are not soloable, they can’t be killed with a party either, they are ofc not instanced, and, in summary, they are zerg fests of 30+ characters, destroying your fps, and also you might not even reach the boss before it’s killed... There are currently two dungeons in game, both are super end game so this part of PVE will not be available to you for a LOOONG time. Drops are not worth it considering the gear you already need to have to be there, experience isn’t good either because mobs take too much time to be killed, dungeons are not instanced which is great from a PVP point of view, but we are talking about PVE now aren’t we? In summary, in BDO there’s hardly any PVE content to enjoy most of the time. -Odd leveling and learning curve. First 50 levels are super fast, which means you will not enjoy the world since you will outlevel the region you are in very fast and feel the need to move on. This fast leveling makes difficult/impossible to learn the class properly until you are already level +50 and therefore quite advanced in the game. So you just learnt how to play but suddenly Awakening (class upgrade) comes at level 56, renders useless most of your skills and combos, and forces you to re-learn the class with a new weapon, very different mechanics, etc. It really is frustrating. -No open world pvp. Remember TERA where you could kill anybody anytime? Age of Conan? Wow PVP servers? That’s gone. PVP doesn’t start till you are lvl 45, once you reach that level, you will have huge penalties for killing more than 3-4 people a day. Penalties will literally cost you millions, like losing enchantments on your gear, loosing durability faster, even a chance of dropping your gear! Penalties are reduced in the Valencia Desert, but nobody goes there because the area lacks any interesting incentives. You start to see the problem here, right? No PVE, and not REALLY a PVP world.
Kymo	Recommended	2,786.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/realprophety/	Black Desert Online - I kinda feel like I want to write an unusual review about this game, as I could never express all impressions and feelings this game gives to me. If you really want to know about this, you have to experience this for yourself.Somehow this game gives me feelings that no other game ever gave to me.From my experience I can tell you that there are two ways how people play this game:Either, just enjoy the extremely beautiful environment and find your path: Lifeskills (jobs) like fishing, hunting, crafting, sailing,.... level your character, progress, PvE, PvP - whatever you wantOr give BDO your hearth and get addicted to it like no drug could ever addict you. But before you buy it, make sure to go in this game with an open mind and some pre-information from Beginner Tutorials. (Very important if you dont want to quit the game right after 10minutes because too much confusing stuff as the game is very complex)If you're interested, pm me and i'll send you some I find very helpful for the start.Conclusion: Even though it has some controversial points (Grind, In-Game Shop,..) this is probably the game with the highest potential as being the perfect MMORPG in my opinion.Thanks for reading. :) 
Sunny Buttons	Recommended	216.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SunnyButtons/	9/11 Best AFK Fishing Simulator
Dreamfall	Recommended	160.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198027065244/	First of all, it's refreshing being in an MMO with an active player base; I mean, aside from WoW (yawn, love it, just bored lol).  I got to carry a sheep for no reason, which was funny, and made me laugh.  Catching a horse was fun, frustrating, yet fun to learn.  When I upgraded my weapon too much, and had to learn how to repair its durability, nobody in the chat channel helped so I also had to figure that out on my own.  I guess my point is, the game is challenging; which, makes it fun, and unique compared to other MMOs.  It gives a lot of log in freebies so once you hit the first major city you should be able to sell at the auction house, and make some dough to give you a nice headstart... for those worried it may present too much of a challenge.  I get the feeling the existing player base isn't totally receptive to the influx of Steam players but honestly, I had never even heard of this game before it was released on Steam, otherwise I would have already been playing it lol.  Give it a try, for 10 bucks it's definitely a steal! :)
ENGINEEEEER	Not Recommended	1,008.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198045043149/	Gorgeous game with some really great gameplay. Unfortunately, it is entirely bogged down in poor class balance, poor system design (enchantment especially), a bad implementation of PvP that makes the game frustrating for newer players and overly blatant F2P monetization. It's fun for a little bit but the frustration builds up and really drags it down. The developer also does a poor job of communicating with players. It's very unfortunate because of all the wasted potential.
Kay	Recommended	26.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/JustKayMate/	Stunning visuals and fast paced action... played about 3 hours and rank 23 (note i bought just the base game)i have done a few quests but went off and explored the huge world and killed enemies along the way.Small problem with this game is that mso tthe classes are so similar and the only two which are majorly different is tamer and archer which just suck apparently.Theres a LOT i dont fully understand and will research.  i give you 8/10 for this game.will be a 10 when they fix the constant crashes etc.EDIT: i will continue to update this review but for now i have enjoyed 2 of the 3 horus played as 1 hour was re launching the game tuill it worked-Achievements apparently do not work- found the nodes confusing... all you need to do is talk to the node person and in the top left buy node or something
Bunkagunk	Recommended	2,386.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Bunkagunk/	Quickly rocketing up to my most played games.
󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡AoE	Recommended	726.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Aochie/	Simply said, if you like grinding, then go buy this game already!Login for Attendance, Sell Items, Buy Better Equipment, AFK Life Skills, and repeat!
lucky ♠	Recommended	9.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/thisguyisdope/	If you are okay with grinding and a fan of MMO's, you will be able to enjoy tons of content and possibilities in this game.
Braecris	Recommended	57.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Braecris/	In the short amount of time i have played this game i have found it to be nothing less then splendid.
ch3244	Not Recommended	866.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ch3244/	Cannot trade items with other players. the market has price controls intended to limit RMT. This ends up making it so if you want a rare item you have to craft/find it yourself, so you can't specialize. this made the game not worth playing for me. 
actualy navy seal	Recommended	7.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198112322522/	This game is not your average mmo type game. The tedious grind is removed, considering the only resources you'll need to farm are to sell. Making money is the best way to have an enjoyable experience. This is because the game's best loot is only achieved by either buying it or upgrading "old" armor. There are several professions to take part of to make money like fishing, alchmey, etc. If you do consider this a "con", than it's really BDO's only big flaw. The game's graphics are stellar and the art style is unique. I do suggest a higher powered pc or else you will run at like 9 fps. The combat mechanics are smooth and the story isn't just a large amount of fetch quest. It does feel like you are doing something to help out the world that your character adventures in. And since this game is only a whopping $10 (I got it for six bucks when it was on sale) I highly suggest to add this game to your steam library.
Faybo	Recommended	2,899.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Bomeo/	Black Desert Online is the biggest love/hate relationship I have ever had with a game. Overall I recommend this game, you will get your moneys worth, I certainly have.
I last pick broodmother	Not Recommended	57.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/goodgamekgdota/	The game has HUGE delay, everywhere. When I was playing on stand alone client I liked the game, it was completely fine without lags, crashes. After launching steam client everthing went wrong. first game was loading waaaaay to long, then all the servers had a huuuge latency and delays, and thats not it. Everytime i was reconnecting to the game, my character kept duying or falling bellow textures into abbys, and the respawning didnt work. I kept clicking the button, it gave me nothing. WORST EXPERIENCE IN MY LIFE. I WANT A REFUND!!!
StormMaster	Recommended	1,145.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198095815823/	This game has some of the most indept character customization i've ever seen, you can change everything exactly to your liking, i think i spend a good 10 hrs on just that alone. Combat is fairly easy to get a hold of but harder to master, leveling is fast and the more interesting content like world boss is post lvl 56 but if you grind it hard, you can reach that in a week easy. Gear is chance based but also not level restricted which can be very frustrating at times but also super rewarding when you do succeed. Banks are shared between characters so its fairly easy to create new ones and have them ready for higher level content. Nodes are complex as sht and I spent the first 100 hrs with no idea wtf to do but its a interesting management game where assign workers to gather resources for you while your off doing something else, easy to make money with. Cash system is mostly cosmetic and convenient based, you can buy super kid friendly costumes for all your characters that dont show massive cleavage whatsoever. The game gives you plently of free inventory slots via quests so that has never been an issue and you can grind up your weight limit by carrying trade goods and just afk walking. Pets are very useful as they help pick up loots and have unique skills like faster fishing and detecting special monsters. Overall you never have to you the cash shop as you can purchase the items via the marketplace by bidding on it but you have to be lucky as tons of people will be bidding along with you.I would say each class is unique in its play style but there are specific classes that just take longer to farm due to lack of aoe, but all have beautiful animations with colors flying everywhere.Graphics are amazing but there are popins when you near a especially large structure sometimes. However the game does not run that great, I have a 970 and I get 45-50 fps maxed with dips to the high 30s in extremely crowded areas or times when there are many effects on screen. There is also a bug with the market where you will get low fps sometimes because everyone is on the same page looking at the same thing i think.Overall I do recommend this game to fans of mmorpgs as it has some really good ideas and I really enjoy how the skill progression goes as the more you do any skill the better you get including stuff like just walking around. However I believe this game requires a certain level of dedication to become one of the best, you will have to play long hrs if you want to really get good but if your a casual like me you will just have to contend with being mediocre. Also you can walk around in your underwear8.5/10Halp i is addict
So Much Puke	Recommended	4,384.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198120703523/	WOW is all i can say. This is one of those classic mmo's where there will be a LOT of content that you dont really like, but there is one thing that will blow you away. The absolute greatest thing you will ever do in this game is daily scrolls. Im not talking about the awakened ones, im talking about the daily weak ones that take over 2 hours of time to do. The joy and ecstasy I feel when doing bheg -> muskan -> griffon -> narc -> ronaros -> urugon is beyond words. I spend every waking moment getting all of the scrolls together and getting my friends to get theirs, so we can do the greatest 2 hours of our week together. SCROLLS are what skyrim shouldve been, and what every game should strive to be. Ignore pvp, ignore regular grinding and lifeskilling. scrolls are truely the greatest thing you can experience as a gamer and this game should be played for hours on end just for them.
「 imVegito? 」	Recommended	224.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198260504142/	I currently have 2 characters above 56, and have been playing since launch. Black Desert Online is the game I keep coming back to, because there’s so much you can do.9/10
GoodEvilArchangel	Recommended	4,393.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/GoodEvilArchangel/	http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1230042808I've +2500 hours (mostly AUTO AFK), I'm High Lvl 61 DK as Progress for lvling and GS.I recommend this game because has potential, but are lot of things that I'm Anti.Any Game that Use Microtransactions as P2A or P2W is Legal Scam/Cheat/Exploit, RIP OFF.I've invested +300$ so far as Necessary Stupid and I don't regret it.Outfits, Pets (pick up, extra % for professions/combat), increase additional space, weights, etc.You have chances to buy with game currency aka silver things that cost Real $ (players buy for $ and sell as game currency).Overall things about BDO :====================* Auto-Feature (AFK Auto almost all, Auto Run/Movement; Not yet for Gathering/Combat).* High Graphics: most advanced Customize Character...If have patience, you can create yourself. * Hire workers, invest in nodes (some similarities like Civilization on map investment).* Awesome fast combat system: combos, fight from mounts, climb areas like Prince of Persia. * Lvl 60 is soft cap and can take weeks/months...is possible even lvl 63 but Ultra Slow.* Lvl 1 can use Highest Gear, but lack HP, Skills, 3-10 hours lvl 1-50.* Craft Highest Gear or buy from others, is insane money sink to do it, Max is PEN and is almost impossible, usually TRI or TET.* Breeding Pets/Horses, lvl up (T8-T9 horses), skills (drift, super speed, etc for horses), sell/buy...* FailStack is very important, fail to get higher stack to enchant high gear or sell to others.* Takes Eternity to rise professions at Guru, can be Guru 2, etc...* If join a Guild, you can do wars vs other guilds. Ranking system for Professions, Military, Guilds.* Beauty Gallery/Photo to be voted as outfilt or use customize look from others.* Much more, plus sailing, swimming, etc...
n o a h	Recommended	36.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Jennifer_Eisner/	satisfying gameplay
=T$E= Philsco	Not Recommended	351.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/maddrummer720/	It's...really not that great.  I'm gonna play it until HBS's BattleTech comes out, and may come back to it here-and-there until AoChaos comes out, but....this just......just don't buy this game.  This game is literally 90% played AFK.  Not joking, like look up guides.  Look up ANY video on getting stuff in this game, and it's "and then you go AFK while setting this to farm/fish/run/trade."  Seriously.  It's so Korean that you can hear dogs cowering in fear of the butcher's blade.  Horribly optimized, too (like really...)I'm only gonna keep playing this 'cuz my buddies play this since they work so much that they like that they can come home from a 12 hour shift and see progress made, but seriously, this game is ♥♥♥♥in' lame.  Don't give these bastards money lol.
Kymo	Recommended	2,786.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/realprophety/	Black Desert Online - I kinda feel like I want to write an unusual review about this game, as I could never express all impressions and feelings this game gives to me. If you really want to know about this, you have to experience this for yourself.Somehow this game gives me feelings that no other game ever gave to me.From my experience I can tell you that there are two ways how people play this game:Either, just enjoy the extremely beautiful environment and find your path: Lifeskills (jobs) like fishing, hunting, crafting, sailing,.... level your character, progress, PvE, PvP - whatever you wantOr give BDO your hearth and get addicted to it like no drug could ever addict you. But before you buy it, make sure to go in this game with an open mind and some pre-information from Beginner Tutorials. (Very important if you dont want to quit the game right after 10minutes because too much confusing stuff as the game is very complex)If you're interested, pm me and i'll send you some I find very helpful for the start.Conclusion: Even though it has some controversial points (Grind, In-Game Shop,..) this is probably the game with the highest potential as being the perfect MMORPG in my opinion.Thanks for reading. :) 
Sunny Buttons	Recommended	216.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SunnyButtons/	9/11 Best AFK Fishing Simulator
actualy navy seal	Recommended	7.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198112322522/	This game is not your average mmo type game. The tedious grind is removed, considering the only resources you'll need to farm are to sell. Making money is the best way to have an enjoyable experience. This is because the game's best loot is only achieved by either buying it or upgrading "old" armor. There are several professions to take part of to make money like fishing, alchmey, etc. If you do consider this a "con", than it's really BDO's only big flaw. The game's graphics are stellar and the art style is unique. I do suggest a higher powered pc or else you will run at like 9 fps. The combat mechanics are smooth and the story isn't just a large amount of fetch quest. It does feel like you are doing something to help out the world that your character adventures in. And since this game is only a whopping $10 (I got it for six bucks when it was on sale) I highly suggest to add this game to your steam library.
ch3244	Not Recommended	866.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ch3244/	Cannot trade items with other players. the market has price controls intended to limit RMT. This ends up making it so if you want a rare item you have to craft/find it yourself, so you can't specialize. this made the game not worth playing for me. 
Fuck Me	Recommended	67.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198399624717/	Pros - You can dump 14+ hours a day in this game and still have more to do after months.- Amazing Graphics- In depth character creation with many unique classes - An Original MMORPG ( if you hate MMORPGS you can and most likely will enjoy this game ) - Huge world full of grounded Mobs, NPC's, Cities and a proper day and nightime cycle.- Thousands of skills you can learn on the side such as cooking, alchemy, farming, worker management and so many more things I cannot name here.- A vast market ran by the players and I mean ONLY the players.- Minimal hand holding [ for you dark souls lovers ;) ]- FanserviceCons - More of a PVE kind of game- You will find yourself hardly talking to other people outside your party.- Lack of hand holding for all skills ( debatable ) - The climb after level 50 will be a rough grind to 56 - All real PVP is late game material I'm sure there are plenty of points I missed in this but I hope my simple list worked !  
lucky ♠	Recommended	9.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/thisguyisdope/	If you are okay with grinding and a fan of MMO's, you will be able to enjoy tons of content and possibilities in this game.
Braecris	Recommended	57.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Braecris/	In the short amount of time i have played this game i have found it to be nothing less then splendid.
tingert	Recommended	610.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/grucker/	Let me just start by saying this is one of my favorite games to date. The graphics are incredible and the gameplay is truly revolutionary for an mmo.Many of the reviews which are negative talk about how this game is pay to win. While this may be true in some instances, the game offers many events where someone wouldn't even have to pay money to get some of the things that a paying player does.First off, events. This is a FREE way to get pets, temporary chances to use all dyes, fully change your character (minus the name), and even get some limited cosmetics as well as the chance for some endgame loot. These happen every few months and everyone who gave this game a negative review because they totally "need pets to win" is essentially wrong.Not to mention that most, if not ALL items that a player could buy in the cash shop are availible via the in game player to player market, and things such as pets or premium boosts appear on the market very frequently.One thing I will admit that is faulty with the game is the Xing Anti cheat. It is installed forceably without the players knowledge and isn't even deleted when the game is.My overall opinion is that BDO is a fluid and beautiful RPG world, with a staggering amount of content and scenery that will blow away anyone who plays. It is easily a 9/10.
Faybo	Recommended	2,899.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Bomeo/	Black Desert Online is the biggest love/hate relationship I have ever had with a game. Overall I recommend this game, you will get your moneys worth, I certainly have.
Hyelander	Recommended	177.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/hyelander/	So, Koreans have hard time figuring out check boxes...Half of the game setting check boxes disable if check, and another half enable if checked.Dear Koreans, check box means ON - when checked, and OFF - when unchecked. Sincerely, Your friendly neighborhood Western Civilization. 
╔♠✡Captain✡♠╗	Recommended	304.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/CraftingKingz/	This game is like working at Starbucks, you grind 8 hours a day for♥♥♥♥♥♥pay.
Balinko	Recommended	12.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kalisto0878/	The best MMO RPG I have ever played! The drop from $50 to $10 and a 40% discount is something I didn't believe at first and was astonished when I found out that it was true! Bought it right when I saw the price! Totally worth every single penny!
RobotGamer1100	Recommended	81.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/robotgamer1100/	Super cool combat! Tons of stuff to do! there is something for everyone!
Kinnings	Not Recommended	1,651.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kinnings/	This game was pretty fun for the first like 200 hours, but quickly you realize the enhancement system, constant server drops, and being treated as second class citizens compared to koreans is terrible. Koreans get content up to 6 months ahead of NA/EU despite NA/EU providing much of the revenue (coming from Pearl Abyss themselves). Now, they've been pushing p2w very hard, and have finally surpassed the point that I found acceptable. Aritsan memories were already a system that made the terrible enhancing system managable by spending money, but now with being able to buy cron stones theres just a massive advantage to people who swipe their cards. Honestly, there are better MMOs out there right now than this. It saddens me to say, I do not recommend this game to anyone.
Tweezombie	Recommended	718.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Tweezee/	An MMO that I got for five dollars that has hundreds to thousands of hours of sandbox gameplay
street	Recommended	88.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/lbraz/	An absolute beauty when it comes to mordern day MMORPGS.This game really is the role player's haven, everything about this game just screams quality. Amazing graphics, good storyline/quests, well optimized and just tons of fun.There aren't many games that catch onto you in their tutorial levels, BDO is different, it will make you love itself from the start. I have not played too much of the game yet but so far I am totally loving this and I think I am going to invest a lot of my time into this art of a game.A must play.
yoppa pop	Recommended	55.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198269450051/	I bought this game for 5 bucks because I had 5 bucks and thought it would just be a cool time waster. First thing I saw when I logged into a server was the banner of the guild that owned the territory. The guild's banner was a dabbing pickle rick. My life has seriously changed from playing this game, and I reccomend it to everybody
hijack	Not Recommended	872.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/hijackk/	It became P2W. I wish I could have my money back...
Tasha	Not Recommended	6.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/vodkaine/	Just your regular MMO with amazing character creation and good combat, but follows any other MMO's rules that make it bad.
Pubicbeard	Recommended	476.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198050001460/	it's oke.
lucky ♠	Recommended	9.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/thisguyisdope/	If you are okay with grinding and a fan of MMO's, you will be able to enjoy tons of content and possibilities in this game.
tingert	Recommended	610.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/grucker/	Let me just start by saying this is one of my favorite games to date. The graphics are incredible and the gameplay is truly revolutionary for an mmo.Many of the reviews which are negative talk about how this game is pay to win. While this may be true in some instances, the game offers many events where someone wouldn't even have to pay money to get some of the things that a paying player does.First off, events. This is a FREE way to get pets, temporary chances to use all dyes, fully change your character (minus the name), and even get some limited cosmetics as well as the chance for some endgame loot. These happen every few months and everyone who gave this game a negative review because they totally "need pets to win" is essentially wrong.Not to mention that most, if not ALL items that a player could buy in the cash shop are availible via the in game player to player market, and things such as pets or premium boosts appear on the market very frequently.One thing I will admit that is faulty with the game is the Xing Anti cheat. It is installed forceably without the players knowledge and isn't even deleted when the game is.My overall opinion is that BDO is a fluid and beautiful RPG world, with a staggering amount of content and scenery that will blow away anyone who plays. It is easily a 9/10.
ch3244	Not Recommended	866.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ch3244/	Cannot trade items with other players. the market has price controls intended to limit RMT. This ends up making it so if you want a rare item you have to craft/find it yourself, so you can't specialize. this made the game not worth playing for me. 
Dreamfall	Recommended	160.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198027065244/	First of all, it's refreshing being in an MMO with an active player base; I mean, aside from WoW (yawn, love it, just bored lol).  I got to carry a sheep for no reason, which was funny, and made me laugh.  Catching a horse was fun, frustrating, yet fun to learn.  When I upgraded my weapon too much, and had to learn how to repair its durability, nobody in the chat channel helped so I also had to figure that out on my own.  I guess my point is, the game is challenging; which, makes it fun, and unique compared to other MMOs.  It gives a lot of log in freebies so once you hit the first major city you should be able to sell at the auction house, and make some dough to give you a nice headstart... for those worried it may present too much of a challenge.  I get the feeling the existing player base isn't totally receptive to the influx of Steam players but honestly, I had never even heard of this game before it was released on Steam, otherwise I would have already been playing it lol.  Give it a try, for 10 bucks it's definitely a steal! :)
Kymo	Recommended	2,786.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/realprophety/	Black Desert Online - I kinda feel like I want to write an unusual review about this game, as I could never express all impressions and feelings this game gives to me. If you really want to know about this, you have to experience this for yourself.Somehow this game gives me feelings that no other game ever gave to me.From my experience I can tell you that there are two ways how people play this game:Either, just enjoy the extremely beautiful environment and find your path: Lifeskills (jobs) like fishing, hunting, crafting, sailing,.... level your character, progress, PvE, PvP - whatever you wantOr give BDO your hearth and get addicted to it like no drug could ever addict you. But before you buy it, make sure to go in this game with an open mind and some pre-information from Beginner Tutorials. (Very important if you dont want to quit the game right after 10minutes because too much confusing stuff as the game is very complex)If you're interested, pm me and i'll send you some I find very helpful for the start.Conclusion: Even though it has some controversial points (Grind, In-Game Shop,..) this is probably the game with the highest potential as being the perfect MMORPG in my opinion.Thanks for reading. :) 
So Much Puke	Recommended	4,384.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198120703523/	WOW is all i can say. This is one of those classic mmo's where there will be a LOT of content that you dont really like, but there is one thing that will blow you away. The absolute greatest thing you will ever do in this game is daily scrolls. Im not talking about the awakened ones, im talking about the daily weak ones that take over 2 hours of time to do. The joy and ecstasy I feel when doing bheg -> muskan -> griffon -> narc -> ronaros -> urugon is beyond words. I spend every waking moment getting all of the scrolls together and getting my friends to get theirs, so we can do the greatest 2 hours of our week together. SCROLLS are what skyrim shouldve been, and what every game should strive to be. Ignore pvp, ignore regular grinding and lifeskilling. scrolls are truely the greatest thing you can experience as a gamer and this game should be played for hours on end just for them.
ENGINEEEEER	Not Recommended	1,008.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198045043149/	Gorgeous game with some really great gameplay. Unfortunately, it is entirely bogged down in poor class balance, poor system design (enchantment especially), a bad implementation of PvP that makes the game frustrating for newer players and overly blatant F2P monetization. It's fun for a little bit but the frustration builds up and really drags it down. The developer also does a poor job of communicating with players. It's very unfortunate because of all the wasted potential.
Bunkagunk	Recommended	2,386.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Bunkagunk/	Quickly rocketing up to my most played games.
Alinutz53	Not Recommended	12.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198138097067/	For now I would say that is kind of overwhelming for someone who plays this for the first time.I'm used to dragon nest where you farm for exp to get skill cap, farm for gear, and then you get costumes if you wanna look fancy.Onto Black Desert, you don't have dungeons, which would make this game awesome imo.The terrain grass really sux because its glitchy and pop ins are bad as hell.I don't have many hours played yet, so don't take this review as a way to not play it.I have read some review saying that is p2w, and I don't know about that.Because this game doesn't have dungeon with raids that requires parties, you don't need to have the best of the best to be accepted by parties.Play to enjoy the graphics and effects + the grind.
Miu	Recommended	829.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/_Miku/	Product received for free
Chill	Recommended	52.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/shawnsvk/	/For the record I have played black desert when it was first released to europe/usa.Very good mmo if you dont mind grinding.There are alot of fun ad interesting skills, some of wich you can train afk wich is a great feature imo, keeps things interesting.There large ammount of things to learn in skills and the game allways manages to surprise you.People who say the game is pay2win are just plain stupid. I got to level 55 in 2 and a half days so I dont agree with alot of people saying how long it takes to get high levels.TLDR:+Not pay2win+Good graphics+Combat+Skills+10 $ no monthly fees
Death bitch	Recommended	112.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198118184202/	BDO is my drug of choice.
Spider	Not Recommended	252.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/spiderasis/	the enhancement system ♥♥♥♥ing sucks and is left up to rng, getting the best gear in the game is based on damage you do to a world boss, meaning you have to get boss gear AND level it up to be able to get boss gear. you can pay for outfits that give you bonuses and are near impossible to get ingame since you have to drop lots of in game currency and be faster than a ♥♥♥♥ing bot to get it. only good thing about it is you earn money from skill levels, so speedrun the game after your first character using all your slots to level 50, then leave for a few months and maybe you can have a chance at being good. PVP is entirely gear based so you can't make money like that, and some classes are woefully overpowered compared to others. the character creator is really in-depth, and the combat is kinda fun even if it's repetetive. 4/10
Kilooo=JedzenieMakowca	Not Recommended	551.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mrdjkapi/	Product received for free
Humaniterrorist	Not Recommended	1.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/humaniterrorist/	Keeps flagging my own programs as suspicious, crashing the game.
Kenshiro Ryu	Not Recommended	2.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198028681586/	Product received for free
눈_눈	Recommended	26.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/PvtAise/	its a "create ur own waifu" simulator in disguise
Sangre	Not Recommended	129.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/sangresteam/	Let me start off by saying that Black Desert Online is not an inherently bad game. I believe some people may find it to be a great game, and this review is meant to inform them as well. Here are some things to know before you buy.Be aware that although this game is not neccessarily pay to win, it does have a upfront in-game paywall. In order to be competitive, you need to spend about $40 USD in game to get pets, which are essential to grinding and leveling up life skills. Leaving your game running in the background when you are not playing will give you a significant financial advantage. This advantage is so large that if you intend to be competitive (buy the best gear), I would consider it a neccessity. Most players leave their game running 24/7.The marketplace doesn't work very well. The entire game is balanced so that long time players will get a boost over newer players, and this extends to the markets as well. If you are a new player you will not be able to compete financially with older players.There is no end game PVE. Their are no raids or dungeons, the most you can do is fight the world boss every once in a while with the whole server, or grind high level mobs.Cosmetic items are prohibitively expensive. If you are like the RP aspects of the game this is worth pointing out. As of writing this, clothing costs between $22 and $35 each, and house furniture costs between $11 and $25, not including floors and wallpaper. While these will not neccessarily improve combat, but if you like RP, its seriously going to cost you.Lastly, creating and leveling up alts will give you a decent overall boost. While this will not matter to most people, if you RP and only want to use one character, it will be to your detriment.With all these factors under my consideration, I cannot recommend the game to people who intend to RP and who only do PVE.
Humaniterrorist	Not Recommended	1.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/humaniterrorist/	Keeps flagging my own programs as suspicious, crashing the game.
Kenshiro Ryu	Not Recommended	2.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198028681586/	Product received for free
druasaurous	Not Recommended	585.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198149558427/	Spending too much time on this game. It is very grindy and is pay to win. I can't find a way to contact customer service. I purchased an explorer pack, which had a pet coupon associated with it. I waited a while to decide which pet, now no more coupon for it. So I paid for a pet, can't redeem it, and have no way to contact customer support. It is annoying. Overall the game is beautiful, but it seems to be on auto pilot. Some folks know what they're doing, a lot seem lost. Many seem to spend a lot of time fishing. It takes a long time to grind up enough resources to manage nodes, and to make anything. The game requires PvP after level 50, but overall it hasn't been a problem. My lack of investment in extras keeps my account from growing very fast. I was thinking of spending more, but when my pet couldn't be redeemed, and there was no customer support, it is easy not to invest anymore real cash. So far, $10 for the game and $20 for the DLC explorer pack on a weekend sale here at Steam - 1 pet + 0 support. Play at your own risk, if something happens, do not expect help.
Ulaxom	Not Recommended	2,202.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198111581208/	If you want to keep your mental health, do not play this game.
† ßâd•£üç]< Îñç™	Not Recommended	1.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198000240358/	Despite its graphics being absolutely stunning and a remarkable character creation system, I got a refund due to the misleading game description for failing to warn potential buyers that once you hit level 50, BDO becomes PVP-centric for its "endgame".As of this writing, there are no PVE dedicated servers or even an in-game settings option to Allow/Disallow PVP. If you just want to quest and  play in peace without getting randomly PK'ed, don't waste your money... this game is not for you.
EFN	Not Recommended	4.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/EFNJ/	Play WoW instead.
Eroedan	Not Recommended	2,133.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Eroedan/	IT IS SO P2W game ive ever seen.the dev do nothing they give you one tier7 horse   for remasterd version of the game if you lvl up horse after TWO WEEK YOU WILL EARN 60Mil silver by the way you will force to buy VP when you are near for engame like you need extra inventory or extra XP or... I dont bother my self for value pack but WHY if you want cosmetic ITEMS you MUST pay REAL MONEY WHEN YOU BOUGHT THE GAME WITH REAL MONEY???? like if you want outfit it cost you 30 dollars with 30 dollars i will buy my game or cool dlcs instead of one trash outfit in game.Black desert online was a good idea but they ruin it if you see,So many players are just AFK grinding like fishing or lvling up horse they dont play so much the game is not flexible you can't do whatever you want but if you have bunch of  dollars yea you can waist so much in this game and DO WHAT EVER YOU WANTBDO devs make fun of us They do nothing but raise prices
Jay	Recommended	619.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198027382455/	Great combat system. It really takes a lot of your time once you know what you are doing. From level 1-50 is fun, 50+ feels like a chore I guess. Of course, to progress you have to login and do whatever you need to do but be ready for a lot of grinding and repetition. Going to recommend this because of the combat and because there is a lot of things you can do. You may or may not be bored of the repetition. I stopped playing because it was taking a lot of my time. May get back in some day.
Nemuiyani Quartz	Not Recommended	18.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198204405053/	p2w
Blackclaw21 [Probable Brick]	Not Recommended	824.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/FormerlyKnownAsBrick/	Would have been a good game if it wasn't totally P2W end game. I had JUST gotten to end game content (going through the absolute trash garbage tier enhancement system to get my stuff tri and higher, in fact, I just got a Kzarka staff on my main which was pretty hype).  But, of course, I realized how much time I'd have to invest into one piece of equipment, which is totally RNG by the way, to get it to max level. Because of this, I stopped. I've come back and played for 2-3~ weeks typically but I think I'm done for good now and I've moved to Guild Wars 2. The end game is TOO tedious, TOO repetitive, oh and not to mention there's basically little to no PvE content besides bossing (which isn't even remotely fun, in my opinion unless you have end game gear so you don't constantly get one hit by them all). PvP is sort of a joke because it'll be hard to catch up to some of the higher leveled people. Oh, that brings me to the level system. 1-50, EZPZ. Makes the game seem awesome, feeling like you're constantly progressing. 56 and beyond is such a grind fest that takes so long per level. Ultimately, it's a great time sink of a game but the time you sink into it doesn't ever come back to reward you unless you're just starting. This is a great game for new players, or at least, it makes you feel great. The end game makes you feel terrible. Also, pearl shop? Super P2W. There's so many things that aren't JUST convenience items but rather they totally influence how well you can do both in PvE (grinding, bossing) and PvP. In the cash shop there's an item to speed up or make every single thing you do in the game faster and more efficient. I always wanted to argue against the Pearl Shop being P2W but it's hard to ignore now. I typically don't review games but I've put SOOOO much time into this game that it feels terrible now realizing how pitiful the rest of the game is. I regret putting all the time into this. Devs don't care about the playerbase at least on NA. The graphical rehaul was awesome and got me back into the game, but NOBODY IS ASKING FOR BETTER GRAPHICS. There wasn't ANYONE in this community asking for better graphics. ♥♥♥♥ sake Kakao this game is KNOWN FOR IT'S GOOD GRAPHICS AND GOOD LOOKING COMBAT. Fix the mechanics, the content, the p2w maybe I'll come back. Probably not though because Kakao won't do it.3/10 in it's current state (only for graphics and sound btw)
ACE7F22	Not Recommended	18.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ACE7F22/	The game has potential to be really fun, but I find some of the implementation to be lacking.  A lot of the game isn't explained well, and confusing, and for a game that has gamepad support built in, it's sadly lacking in functionality.  For instance the analog stick moves the courser as expected, with gradual response, but moving the character is still 8 direction only, and you still need separate buttons for walk and sprint.  The whole point of integrating a gamepad is for the analog inputs, the joystick and triggers, everything else is hardly different than the keyboard, and the steam overlay already supports mapping those kinds of controls, so besides added convenience, there's no real advantage or improvement to the gameplay with they're controller support.  In fact, adding 2 layers to the joystick in the steam overlay is the only way I see getting walk\run without a separate button.The game has it's limitations, but for me, seeing it's action combat style, and controller support, the biggest disappointment is how much it still feels like any other stiff RPG.  Fixing this to make the gameplay smoother, and I'd absolutely love it, but as it is, 3\5Honestly, I wouldn't recommend buying this game, as there are better games that are F2P, and this one still needs work.
Che-InAlex	Not Recommended	4.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198271527251/	Great Grafiks but without good content
Bambahnhof	Not Recommended	204.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Bambahnhof/	Bdo is a great game. But not in his actual state. There is p2w, it takes literally YEARS to get rly good gear, there r tons of annoying mechanics and ♥♥♥♥ING STUPID devs, that make the game less enjoyable. If u watch or read some actual reviews, you will most likely be the same: A game with potential, that doesn’t use it. Many ppl say, it’s sad, that so much good things get lost with it. But there is a hope for bdo. This hope is a private server called gamezbd (www.gamezbd.net). It is what many ppl would call the „perfect bdo“ . No f2p, no p2w beside an optional 12€/month subscription, MANY free pearls, faster progression, better class balancing, up to 4.5k onlineplayers, and devs THAT ♥♥♥♥ING LISTEN TO THE COMMUNITY. I’m not one of these, I don’t profit when more player join, I just think, gamezbd can be the bdo, so many players want to have. As u can see, I spent many hrs on retail, so I think, I‘m able to tell ojective about such things.Edit: hope this review don’t gets deleted by the devs, these guiz try to strike/ban literally everything about gamez on yt/reddit
Sausage²	Not Recommended	23.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/gayalex/	♥♥♥♥♥♥waste of time
sweet	Not Recommended	2,579.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198118527519/	good graphics good combat, everything else is horrendous.
Blitzy	Recommended	38.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/peachesandfun/	I've been playing this game since the Korean CBT - a long♥♥♥♥♥time. At first, I was a bit peeved on having to pay for the game again - but I decided that it was worth it for the achievements and trading cards. The game has so much to do in it - it's not a complete grind fest. I love being able to explore the world and find new things each time. So many hidden caves/caverns to explore, fun side quests that bring you all over the world and life skills that can make you famous in the world of alchemy or cooking. World bosses are a bit "eh" as they tend to be laggy af. Everyone wants boss tiered gear. Still fun reguardless.
nemo	Recommended	356.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/veryaverage/	EDIT: Now that those awful fake reviews are gone, I'll post an actual review of the game but I will leave my original statement at the bottom of the review as it is still relevant, XIGNCODE IS NOT A ROOTKIT AND DOES NOT SCAN YOUR FILES OUTSIDE OF BDO RELATED FOLDERS.I am in love with the game. This is because it meets a lot of my personal tastes and I would fully understand why people might not like it. Here are some of the main reasons why I love the game but others might not.+Stuff to do - I am concerned in the games global chat when I see people immediately grinding up to a high level and then complaining there is nothing to do. This would be akin to playing shooter, only playing one map and using one gun and then complaining about lack of variety in the game. This is a sandbox MMORPG, not a theme park MMORPG. The primary difference between the two is that in a themepark MMORPG, you do the content in the order that the developer intended it to be seen in. This usually means leveling to max and then doing large scale end game dungeons, aka Raids. You do that content until you finish it and then you either repeat it a bunch of times or you wait until the next batch of content is released and most other content is secondary or tertiary. A Sandbox MMORPG means that the end game is whatever you make of it, the developers put in mechanics and the players decide which of them is the most important. What this means to me, is that there is a place for players in BDO that do not wish to do the "end game" of themepark MMOs. In some sense, the overarching goal in BDO is to get the best gear, however the paths you can take to reach that goal are much more varied than a themepark MMO. If you wish to hang out with friends, ride a boat into the ocean and spend your time deep sea fishing or train horses or farm vegetables and fruits or trade manufactured goods across the continent, all of those will enable you to become a powerful character in all aspects of the game, rather than just simply running the end game raid until you get the best gear.+ The Combat -  The combat in BDO is quality enough to find itself in a dedicated single player beat-em-up style game (think Dynasty Warriors). It is an action style combat, so there is no tab targeting and skills require you to aim with your cursor and many can be cast on the move. This makes combat very fluid and rewards players for landing combos and precise movement in both PvE and PvP. If you are used to traditional MMO style combat with a hotbar and tab targeting, then it may be difficult to adjust to this style of combat.+ The Visuals - The game is gorgeous for an MMO. It might not stand up to the most visually stunning single player releases of the past year or two, but it has a quality to it that nearly every other MMO on the market cannot touch. The only major thing lacking in this department would be armor customization as there are very few default armors availble and a lot of visual customization for your character is locked behind the cash shop. It is unfortunate, but not really a deal breaker for me as I quite like the default armors for my classes.+The Scale - Scale is something that a lot of modern MMOs do not  care about. It's the difference between World of Warcraft pre-flying mounts and post flying mounts. The inability to fast travel in this game makes it so this MASSIVELY multiplayer online game, feels truly massive. Riding a horse down the coast over a dirt path while the waves crash along the rocks, traveling a few kilometers to the nearest town is peaceful in my eyes and makes the game world feel expansive and interesting. I understand that people might not like the lack of convienence of just hopping on an eagle or taking a portal but it is something that I sorely missed from older MMORPGS. Actually travelling across the ocean instead of giving me a loading screen made me feel a sense of wonder that I had not gotten since I was a young teenager booting up World of Warcraft in 2005 and running across the Barrens into Ashenvale.+ Grind - There is an immense amount of grinding later in the game (past level 56) to achieve good amounts of gear and extra levels. I love this because I believe it gives a clear indication of those who are dedicated and those who are not. I do not want to be on the same power level as people who have been playing for a year within one month of playing, but I understand that people do not like playing catch up. Gear is gated behind money__________ORIGINAL POST___________tl;dr Anti-cheat checks what processes are being ran at the start up of the game, stops monitoring them after the game starts. Any processes that starts up while the game is running is checked and then stops. Does not scan your entire computer.Download a program that lets you monitor what is being accessed on your hard drive or use the basic Windows function under Resource Manager to monitor disk activity. Read the top review that says the anti cheat function scans your whole computer all the time.Check the disk monitoring programs to see that nothing on my PC is being read besides the directory I installed the game to and its related directories (which almost every other game in existence does to you know, read the files in its install directory) while the game is running and while the game is not running over a 48 hour period.Open up video player to see if it cares what file I open, it checks the .exe of the program that I opened (mpcHD) and then stops, does not check the individual file or file directories I opened from, just the basic .exe, then stops. Same thing happens when you start up the game, briefly checks processes and then promptly stops.Wonder why over 1000+ computer illiterate morons blindly upvote (and a handful of others wrote their own reviews too) something without doing any actual research.Farm potatoes.XIGN used to do that (during the days of Dungeon Fighter Online), it doesn't anymore. That's a simple fact that anybody who has the game installed can check in a few minutes. Seriously people, think for yourself. This is not some ridiciulous boogeyman that is looking at all your files and reading your conversations, it checks what processes are being ran WHILE IT RUNS ITSELF, IT DOES NOT DO LITERALLY ANYTHING WHILE THE GAME IS NOT RUNNING.
Baddtraxx	Not Recommended	34.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Baddtraxx/	Idle Jiggly Titts Microtransaction Simulator Honestly, I regret buying this. Youre better off playing TERA or so.
✪ Epic	Recommended	3,729.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Epic9898/	Best fishing simulator ever.
Alabastor	Not Recommended	80.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Xel_Naga58/	A beautiful game mauled by a heap of mechanics just to draw more playtime out of the player.Also it has the worst story I've ever seen in a video game, ever.  A black cloud just screams at you for a few hours then you give it dentures because some ditzy girl hates tents.  Some old man is creeped out so he asks you to muck out his friend's cave.  Then you help some price of an occupied country by weeding a random pupkin patch I left out couple details, but I can't be asked to remember them since the game doesn't care either.
zooboo	Recommended	222.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/zooblesan/	i thought this game was from korea but now that i look at it the devs are probably jewish10/10 would waste my life savings
Drae	Not Recommended	285.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/draevon/	Such amazing potential wasted on this game. The scenery, the complexity, the fluidity of the combat are better than any MMO I've ever played. Sadly, it is ruined by both the insanely counter-intuitive and annoying crafting system, the lack of grinding spots, limited PvE options and most importantly, how the developers are slowly introducing more and more P2W features.I can't say that I had regretted the purchase. I had some fun with earlier versions, I enjoyed exploring and questing until I reached endgame, but in its current state I would NOT buy it.If you want to get most out of it, you'll have to pay a full AAA title price in microtransactions, and still trail behind the curve.
NAPK1NS ツ	Recommended	2,663.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TheeNapk1ns/	1,000 hours of fishing. 10/10 Bass Pro Simulator~
Savage	Not Recommended	194.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Savage1106/	I sunk a lot of hours into the game before it moved to Steam. Now I can't transfer my character. QQ. In hindisight it was a blessing because this game sucks your life away slowly and with no real sense of accoplishment or endgame. Why did I catch 5 Million fish just to sell them to buy another boat so I could catch more fish?Also...there's a lot of people who customize their characters to just wear underwear and ask you on internet dates...
Alice of Maxwell's Demon	Not Recommended	195.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Jingle_Belle/	it's not p2p as i expect (Pay to play) it's p2w (Pay to win).The game have no direction, crafting is not rewarding. it have potential to become GOTY but the dev just waste it on cash shop.
dakin43	Not Recommended	0.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198013513478/	Product received for free
Pook600	Not Recommended	5,746.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198165015434/	Mile wide, Inch deep.Mostly AFK (keep your PC on, running game while you do stuff) to progress/make moneyIt's an MMO, with little reason to party.Gorgeous graphics, booby physics some interesting combat mechanics.Ruled by terrible RNG, more and more P2W, and a Dev team that is either incompetent, or just trash.Add in the disturbingly long time between content additions, legitimate content, just adds to the growing dissatisfaction many have with BDO.I am AFKing my time hoping they turn it around.  It has enough to hope they fire the lead dev so I can begin having fun again.
[CC]Archadae	Not Recommended	0.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Archadae/	Product received for free
Reloaded	Not Recommended	1.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ReloadedCS/	awesome game, wasn't it for the extremly frustrating randomness of how item upgrades are handledI don't know what to tell you - its ♥♥♥♥ing awful, and destroys the (late)game completely imo
Gluttony	Not Recommended	210.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Vaqqs/	ah yes now where do i begin, well first of all the game doesn't even start until you hit about 56 or so they say but thats a lie. Even once you hit 56 pvp is impossible and you won't be able to do any damage at sausans etc to grind. Solo grinding is out of the question until you hit 300-400 gear score and level 57-58 to just solo grind at sausans. Then all the places with actual good loot like pirates is so over crowded and filled with such high levels that its pointless to even try to grind there. Now I only spent 210 hours on one character which may seem like a lot but that was only in 3 months and I was only able to get my character (A maewha) to level 59 and that was with endless help. I had a really good gear score of about 550 but the fact of the matter is that was with extruciating effort and the endless help of my guild mates. I could hold my own in pvp but that was only because of my high gear scroe and the sheer luck of boss raids and upgrading my gear which for some reason never failed even when I had 0 fail stacks. I def wouldn't recommend this game to any normies looking to come in grind for a month and suddenly be on top of the world. This game takes meticulous understanding of the market, gear, the mechanics are top notch and some characters are insanely strong once you learn how to properly use them. Most of your abilites are just downright useless though once you hit awakened and you'll never use some of them unless its for PvE due to how obselete they are in PvP. For example Maewhas AOE is useless as it causes you to be open to stuns and grabs and such. Sorry ranted a little but also to lazy to delete. Only buy this if you're ready to throw your life away and live solely grinding sausans for 60+ hours a week. It's basically a full time job if you want to get anywhere in the game and I also suggest you read about every character and watch their awakenings don't focus on their preawakened as once you hit 56 you'll most likely never use that form again and if you do it'll only be for like 1-2 abilities.
Fearless Majestic Z	Not Recommended	1,440.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198113933353/	So after a few hundred hours I've decided to write a review about this game.This a MMO that funnels it's new players to get completely stomped by players who have simply played longer. It's a MMO that punishes new players for thinking they can get into this game at this stage in the game. MMOs like this one even tho sports superior combat system and visuals. Will burn super bright and burn out really quick, just like supermassive active stars do.The thing that kills these kinds of MMOs is not the content or it's cash shop practice I'd rate both 8 out of 10 higher. What kills these types of games is how incassable they are for newer players willing to give them a try. Thus bleeds a slow death to attrition, because once new players figure out they will never have a chance. Unless they are basement-dweller like gamers. A overwhelmingly huge majority will leave.This MMO is built just like a IRL aristocratic system. For newer players, if you are not fortunate enough for people in higher status of power, to raise you to higher status [500+ GS guilds with huge payouts.] Then the system systematically stacks the deck against you. It's a archaic system that's purpose is to force newer players to the bottom realms of fun standards in a MMO by far. Thus enabling the Elites and/or Overlords who established themselves already. To have such a unfair and skill-less advantage that again. The newplayer just won't be able to compete, regardless of skill advantage the newcomer has over the established player and/or guild, they are fighting.Let's not even get into details on how this community at large treats it's newerplayers. Like we are some kind of insignificant burden. One which  should be only used to provide Ego trips for those who simply played longer. Because of the way the system works a awesome gaming natural newplayer will not be able to defend it self from the vets at all. And if you the newplayer decide you are not going to back down from the salty vets, attempt at making your life a painful hell. Then they label you the problem. One who should just kowtow, leave, and stop playing. Just so they can feel important about themselves for once. Just because they've played longer. This game's community as a whole are way more degenerative. Then even the community I've experienced in Eve Online for 10+ years and that's saying something.Life Skills - Ths was a pretty well thought out and produced system. It really was fun and interesting. At least up until the point you figure up the drop rates are just bad. Which is the only thing holding this content from being rated higher in my opinion.Which brings us to the conclusion of my review of this game. This game's whole design is built so the no lifer gamer, can finally feel what it is like to be successful for once. With little to no resistance from actual player ability.This is how I rate this game in comparison. To the countless other titles, I've played in my many years of gaming as of current.Visuals - 10/10Combat -8/10Extracurricular Activities - 7/10PvE - 5/10Gameplay - 5/10Accessibility for starters - 4/10Community - 2/10PvP - 2/10My overall rating from a newplayer perspective on this game is a 5 out of 10.
Gluttony	Not Recommended	210.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Vaqqs/	ah yes now where do i begin, well first of all the game doesn't even start until you hit about 56 or so they say but thats a lie. Even once you hit 56 pvp is impossible and you won't be able to do any damage at sausans etc to grind. Solo grinding is out of the question until you hit 300-400 gear score and level 57-58 to just solo grind at sausans. Then all the places with actual good loot like pirates is so over crowded and filled with such high levels that its pointless to even try to grind there. Now I only spent 210 hours on one character which may seem like a lot but that was only in 3 months and I was only able to get my character (A maewha) to level 59 and that was with endless help. I had a really good gear score of about 550 but the fact of the matter is that was with extruciating effort and the endless help of my guild mates. I could hold my own in pvp but that was only because of my high gear scroe and the sheer luck of boss raids and upgrading my gear which for some reason never failed even when I had 0 fail stacks. I def wouldn't recommend this game to any normies looking to come in grind for a month and suddenly be on top of the world. This game takes meticulous understanding of the market, gear, the mechanics are top notch and some characters are insanely strong once you learn how to properly use them. Most of your abilites are just downright useless though once you hit awakened and you'll never use some of them unless its for PvE due to how obselete they are in PvP. For example Maewhas AOE is useless as it causes you to be open to stuns and grabs and such. Sorry ranted a little but also to lazy to delete. Only buy this if you're ready to throw your life away and live solely grinding sausans for 60+ hours a week. It's basically a full time job if you want to get anywhere in the game and I also suggest you read about every character and watch their awakenings don't focus on their preawakened as once you hit 56 you'll most likely never use that form again and if you do it'll only be for like 1-2 abilities.
Reloaded	Not Recommended	1.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ReloadedCS/	awesome game, wasn't it for the extremly frustrating randomness of how item upgrades are handledI don't know what to tell you - its ♥♥♥♥ing awful, and destroys the (late)game completely imo
FARTCOP	Not Recommended	12.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/bigstupidgaybaby/	This game is way, way, way too confusing. I have to stop to google every 5 minutes to figure out basic info because the game fails to inform me. I finally quit when I was told to bring up the map to buy a house. THERE ARE NO ♥♥♥♥ING HOUSES ON THE MAP, AND THEY WONT TELL ME MORE. I am not going to play a ♥♥♥♥ing game that makes me stop to google every ♥♥♥♥ing stop of the way. ♥♥♥♥ off.
DARN-44	Not Recommended	65.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198066541409/	This game is definitely fun for a few hours unless you have someone to play along with. After a while the missions are repetetive and the the grinding is INTENSE. If your into that sort of games then buy it but if not keep looking.
Hydro	Not Recommended	180.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198011131258/	This was supposed to be a B2P type of game to avoid the p2w elements.MY♥♥♥♥♥ Those asians did it again and now the game is B2P and P2W.If you want to enjoy the game you have to put 100$ minimum and never turn your computer offPathetic game
Sugam	Not Recommended	4,876.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198004807789/	Super RNG heavy and still growing P2W. Awsome graphics and combat is fun in pve but pvp is pure cancer, class's are super unbalanced and for an action game, internet connection is critical so if you don't have an aswome connection then you will never do well with most class's in pvp due to its fast pace and perfect timing of attacks. The game sells its self easy for its graphics so its understandable for people to still give it a try granted. If you don't want to suck at the game, it will cost you about 40 bucks a month plus another 50-100 bucks for the newest pay to win items they sell so you can keep up. The top players spend about 3 grand a month, gl competing with them.The reason for the neg review is bluehole promised no p2w, they even picked out items that will never be in NA and called these items p2w but a year later now they are selling it and a lot more and it will just keep growning. Up to you guys if you like p2w games and fanboys will argu you can get most items off the market, but thats also rng and there is the market bots, there are people who have played sinse release and still have not won a bid on pets to this day.
Offizier Weeb	Not Recommended	26.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198152434953/	Costumes are more expensive than the actual game. wut
Digerati	Not Recommended	20.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/dzwoniepopolicje/	Pay2win.
Alice of Maxwell's Demon	Not Recommended	195.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Jingle_Belle/	it's not p2p as i expect (Pay to play) it's p2w (Pay to win).The game have no direction, crafting is not rewarding. it have potential to become GOTY but the dev just waste it on cash shop.
Gluttony	Not Recommended	210.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Vaqqs/	ah yes now where do i begin, well first of all the game doesn't even start until you hit about 56 or so they say but thats a lie. Even once you hit 56 pvp is impossible and you won't be able to do any damage at sausans etc to grind. Solo grinding is out of the question until you hit 300-400 gear score and level 57-58 to just solo grind at sausans. Then all the places with actual good loot like pirates is so over crowded and filled with such high levels that its pointless to even try to grind there. Now I only spent 210 hours on one character which may seem like a lot but that was only in 3 months and I was only able to get my character (A maewha) to level 59 and that was with endless help. I had a really good gear score of about 550 but the fact of the matter is that was with extruciating effort and the endless help of my guild mates. I could hold my own in pvp but that was only because of my high gear scroe and the sheer luck of boss raids and upgrading my gear which for some reason never failed even when I had 0 fail stacks. I def wouldn't recommend this game to any normies looking to come in grind for a month and suddenly be on top of the world. This game takes meticulous understanding of the market, gear, the mechanics are top notch and some characters are insanely strong once you learn how to properly use them. Most of your abilites are just downright useless though once you hit awakened and you'll never use some of them unless its for PvE due to how obselete they are in PvP. For example Maewhas AOE is useless as it causes you to be open to stuns and grabs and such. Sorry ranted a little but also to lazy to delete. Only buy this if you're ready to throw your life away and live solely grinding sausans for 60+ hours a week. It's basically a full time job if you want to get anywhere in the game and I also suggest you read about every character and watch their awakenings don't focus on their preawakened as once you hit 56 you'll most likely never use that form again and if you do it'll only be for like 1-2 abilities.
SpSnorZz	Not Recommended	0.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SpSnorZz/	i dont like it
Mark Del Figallo	Not Recommended	1,286.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Bofumofu/	Like a cheap P2W mobile game.This game is getting worse and worse. Don't play this game, play anything else , really.Dont recommend.It's not only geeting worse, the developers don't want to make it better. 
evoqira	Not Recommended	14.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/evoqira/	This game just don't have a soul........................Remastered btw lmao
Snowu	Recommended	39.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/MlpSnowyFlake/	This is one of the most graphical RPG games I've played and I recommend
Ghost	Not Recommended	15.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/stellarenvy/	Pay to win:|
Emilot Margus	Recommended	49.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/EmilotMargus/	 Please note that I've played the game's trial before outside of steam, that's why the low play hours.I honestly don't have much to say about the game just yet. But I do love it, after all the generic MMOs i've played, this is a really nice change. The combat feels great, the characters look really good and the graphic overall look gorgeous! Best I've seen in an MMORPG for sure. Do I recommend it? At this pricetag, YES! Above, I'm not sure, but you can try the trial first and judge yourself.
[StwA] Asbestbrezel	Recommended	190.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/asbestbrezel/	Pre Review: Pros: Nice GraphicNice AtmosphereSkill BasedAwsome Character design Many content full Open World (No Instances / dungeons)No Server binding (you can change every 15minutes the Server with your Character)And many more, after more than 150h of gameplay and lvl 56 Awakened i haven`t seen all to write a full review Neutral: Item Shop: is optional and everyone must decide for themselves.You love hard Grinding ? :-) No fast traveling Cons: Chat: it smells like teen spirit (Public Chat Rooms)Finaly:Ignore the Chat make Quests read guides and you have many fun with Black Desert. 
STEED	Not Recommended	29.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/whoathis/	If steam allowed neutral reviews I would probably use that rating.- The combat is some of the best in any MMORPG or even RPG that I have ever played. It's like if you mixed a regular MMO with street fighter. It's really cool.- Graphics are very good for an MMO, except I experience some grainy textures and changing settings like anti-aliasing in the game and in my control panel doesn't seem to help.- The convenience items are very necessary for this game in my opinion. If you don't have the monthly value pack the game turns into a chore for the majority of the time and pets are essential. You are constantly carrying too much weight and there's a button that conveniently shows up on your screen that takes you right to the cash shop where you can purchase a larger weight limit. This button should also let the player know the fastest way to expand it via in-game methods as well. Just seems a bit like a cash grab.- The pay to win comparisons are definitely valid. Many people will purchase cash shop items like outfits and they will sell them on the in-game marketplace, which they will then use to get silver and purchase weapons and armor. So not only are there essential things you need to make the game enjoyable, but many people have a big advantage when they use real world money to get in-game currency and items. - There isn't much group content like dungeons and stuff for you to enjoy with friends. - There is a horrible grind. Everything is grinding in this game. I don't mind grinding, but it gets to the point where you are just running around one shotting everything for days on end. Literally just running in a 50-yard loop. There are no mechanics for bosses to figure out with your friends or anything like that.- I like how you can apply costumes to different types of armor. You and your friend can have the same piece of armor, but it will look completely different. At the same time, the default armor design is really bad unless you buy outfits. The outfits are pretty expensive as well. - The PVP is really cool, but unfortunately, you'll just get completely destroyed by someone two levels above you. Skills and gear will matter if you happen to match up with someone the same level, but if they are just a bit above you then you are done for. I understand that you should reward the player that invests time, but it's a little much IMO.- The game has a lot of RNG involved.- The classes are designed well. There should be something for almost everyone, except for people who usually play healers in MMOs. You won't find that here since there aren't really any dungeons and stuff.- There is absolutely no direct trading.- You can gain money when AFK. You can fish and perform other similar actions. I find this a bit strange. I don't really have an opinion on it though...- There is this progression toward what they call "awakening" at the back end of the level cap. You get a nice new weapon and updates for your skill tree. Some of the classes are completely changed during awakening and it's not for the best. You play one style for 56 levels and then all of a sudden it changes completely... Some ranged characters will become melee characters etc..
EzzY-lime )( ZzezZ☔	Not Recommended	22.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/limezze/	Really started to enjoy this game... However after learning about the XingCode, I am uninstalling the game and having to manually remove XingCode from my system.
NoblesseKen	Recommended	122.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/NoblesseKen/	This is the best MMO game and the most beautiful in graphics I've ever played. There is so much content and so much to do in game. My favorite things about this game are the node/siege war, Red Battlefield, and all the events the game has that gives you free items. When I'm not playing I am always AFK fishing.
God	Recommended	99.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Demaglio/	Fun game
Cry_Wolf	Not Recommended	0.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/belyth/	The graphics are hideous, PS3 era with pop ups every-f***ing-whereHUD is overloaded and causes eye-cancerCombat gameplay seemed nice, altough it felt as if you're just battling with the air, it felt weird.I don' think this game is worth my time or my passion.
Mountain Dewgong	Recommended	2,962.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Deldrimor_Messiah/	i really dont know what to say about this game honestly. i feel like im in a casino everytime i play it. since everything is RNG based. by everything i mean EVERYTHINGfrom horse breeding, catching fish, loot drops, everything. hard work and dedication is pretty much out the window if you dont have lady luck with you 24/7i like the game play and the world. i just wish it had a better progression system and rewards.
Mr. Pink	Not Recommended	22.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/tonyb931/	Is the combat fun? For a short time.Pay 2 win? Definitely Yes.Should you play it? You won't be missing out if you don't.
WolfieIsFamousTV	Recommended	7.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/wiseone/	I don't know why people have given this game such a bad review? I have a GTX 970 and it runs it well. You need a 970 or higher graphics card to really enjoy this game. Also, if you have not played a game like this before, you may not like it in the beginning. Keep playing and follow the tutorial. This is my first MMO RPG. I like it alot. Its relaxing. It takes me away from all the FPS games I play. Just take your time and learn the craft. I have the steam link as well and play it with a controller in front of my big screen TV.I have internet like google fiber, so no connectivity issues or lag issues like the rest of you. The graphics seem to run better on Steam, rather than the website.Have fun!
Hellhaven	Not Recommended	8,026.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/xHellHaven/	I want to dieSave yourself and don't get this game or you'll end up with an addiction and you won't be able to cure it.
MarX|THE|Awp	Recommended	13.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mmarkovbg01/	The game is good the only thing the game needs is perfomance optimization and better interface
Feffe	Recommended	4,867.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/freddiejay/	I keep getting surprised on how cheap this game is, compared to what you're paying for when buying the game.This is a Sandbox MMO, not a Theatrical MMO (WoW, ESO, SWTOR, etc), meaning you are free to do whatever you want when you create your character. And the best way to level up is simply killing mobs, and not following the questline. There's alot of things to do in this game, both passive gameplay and active gameplay. Best way to make money in-game is grinding mobs, but if you wanna earn money passivly, you have a Node empire which basically means you hire workers to farm resources for you, which you can then process and sell on the marketplace to earn money. Wanna make some extra silver on top of it ? Set yourself to fish while ur at work or sleeping, and earn money fishing while you're not there.The game also has a forced PvP aspect to it, and a karma system around it. Once you reach lvl 50, you are able to attack other players above lvl 50 outside of safezones. However, attack to many players, and your karma will drop to negative, which means you can't enter certain cities without being attacked by NPC guards that will most likely kill you within a few punches. If you die to an NPC or a mob while you have negative karma, your armor and weapon might degrade in gear level, which might mean hours grinding money to get your item to TRI (+18) a complete waste of time. So don't expect to be attacked constantly.However, if you enter Valencia 6, which has been made into a PvP server, they have removed the negative effects of PvP fighting others, meaning you won't drop karma. So if you do enter Val6, DO expect to be attacked constantly.This game is also quite new-player friendly, as you are given access to certain servers called Olvia server during the first month of joining, which gives you 100% XP boost, which makes it quite easy to catch up to high lvl players. You also regain access to the Olvia servers if you have been inactive from the game for more then a month.A future update to the game are also adding gear and weapons which you can get from drops, which is pre-set upgraded and gives you enough stats for beginners end-game PvP.There aren't any dungeons in this game, but a recent update added something called Savage Rift, which is a horde mode, where you and 9 other players defend an object from being destroyed during 25 waves of enemies attacking. You also have world bosses, which is quite popular to grind using an ALT char, simply for boss drops. Most veteran players have different chars stationed at different bosses, so they simply switch between chars when a world boss spawns, for a chance to get a boss armor/weapon drop, which are the end-game goal when it comes to gear.As I'm writing this review, it's listed for 42 NOK (5 Dollars) during a 40% weekend deal, and it's sure as hell worth every cent of those 5 dollars.There is no mandatory monthly cost to play this game, so it is free to play monthly. So the 1 time payment when you buy the game is all you need to pay for this game if you are willing to grind a bit in the game to earn some cash, which you are forced to do either way if you wanna get good gear.There is a cash shop in the game, and if you do decide to spend some extra money on the game, I highly recommend googling a guide on what items you should spend money on, as several of the cash shop items is purchaseable through the marketplace if you grind enough silver for it, and have the patience of trying to snipe it from marketplace before anyone else does.I highly recommend this game, and I give it a  9/10.
Cmdr_Anax	Not Recommended	28.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Cmdr_Anax/	Pro:It looks nice and the character designer is its own game.Contra:I tried it because i was under the hopeful illusion that you buy it and maybe have to buy a few cash shop items and then can play it on and off whenever i want.No.It's a commitment. If you ever want to play competitive PvP(at max lvl, which is a softcap @ 56-59 atm) you can grind more or less for a whole year 24/7. For gear, for life skills for everything. And it's not casual play over a year either. If you are not actively playing, you better grind afk over night.And then the cash shop. If you ever want your character to look different from the more or less one standard armor style you get on your chosen character class, better be prepared to drop 30€ per outfit. And that is the least of it.It is not P2W... it's P2lookdifferent, P2notgetinsanelootingallthecrap(the pet system is horrific, even if you don't want 4xt4 pets be prepared to drop at least ~80 € on the cashshop for t2~t3).And the RNG... if you want to burn money fast.. just go to a casino. Your chances of not losing money are better there than in BDO. And it takes way less time to throw your money away at blackjack or roulette.But i'm probably not harcore enough, i probably just don't have the will for the raw commitment in money, time, and more money it takes to play this game the way it is intended.TL:DRYou can try the ~10€ version of the game, it is the best proportion of disappointment/money in a mmo steam game atm.
player01	Recommended	9.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198026660847/	I can't go through the fap areaI mean character creationhelp me 
Gart	Not Recommended	145.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/gartprv/	tl;dr - this could be one of the best mmos if not for frustrating F2P design pierced through the core gameplay experience.I do not recommend this game unless you just want to waste a lot of time doing some crafting or fighting. Because I really feel like I wasted this time.I have a feeling this game was designed from the start as F2P. And by that I mean everything was made in certain way for the F2P experience and possibility of milking as much as possible from players by annoying them with a lot of unnecessery walls.Although gameplay itself is fun for a while, and features and concepts are sometimes just awesome... it is painfull to play. Unless you don't mind all of these cons: - weapon and armor upgrade system is chance based. There is no standard weapons like in other mmos. All weapons and armors in the game have similar power, they only differ slightly in different stats and bonuses. So you basically can wear one armor through whole playthrough. BUT - you need to upgrade it with items which you need to farm or buy from players. BUT upgrading decreases durability and you need more of this item to repair it. BUT if upgrading fails at higher lvls item goes back in lvls. It is just pure ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and waste of time/money for me. - having PC on for long times. Everything takes long and requires you to be logged in to work efficiently. Crafting, workers, regeneration of energy etc. If you log off most things don't work and you only regenerate fraction of energy. - the best way to advance certain skills is just do the same dailies from the first town every day - very unconvinient storage and weight issues when you don't pay. You can farm to increase them but again - more grind - and even more grind, because everything is based on grind in this game. - no dungeons, no interesting combat challenges. A few dumb bosses and thats it.But PvP is good I heard, but I'm not interested in that.I really wanted to like this game. Workers and crafting system alone looked awesome as hell! But I soon run into a wall where I would need to grind Contribution points by doing stupid quests every day to expand. I did it a few days but I just can't anymore. It feels so mundane and boring.So I went to do some fighting. I reached 51lvl and got stuck too, because experience curve spikes so much after that I just bounced off it. And there was no fun in finding better gear because of this dumb concept of upgrading instead of getting better ones - you just walk back and forth, killing tons of mobs and going back to town to sell useless junk drops because you ran out of carry limit. And it is just annoying to pick up everything, there is so much junk drops but who knows, maybe this one had very rare thing? And you need to buy premium pets to autopick for you.Ehhhh, I hate games like this. Not because they are bad but because they are corrupted by the free 2 play model so much they are not fun anymore, even with amazing features.PS: From my experience this game is not P2W in a PvP meaning. You can't directly buy power. But it is pretty damn bad to play without paying. For gods sake, even costumes have bonuses.PS: I'm PvE player, so PvP player experience may be different.
Frozn	Recommended	725.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/froznbl00d/	The best mmo I have played so far. Amazing living world, weather, farming, fishing, exploring, ships, and action combat. what more could you want with no loading screens!
ʙᴏsʜ	Recommended	441.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198207595216/	most upsetting thing about this game is the time investment. If you can't invest the time don't play.
Liam Neeson	Recommended	33.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Ehrnborn/	So far I've had alot of fun with this game together with a friend.I can really understand though why some people doesn't like it since It includes alot of grinding but If you like those kinds of mmo games i think you would probably like BDO It has a really fun combat system in my opinion and the game world Is beautiful.For those players that are returning there Is one  bad thing and that is that you can't use your old account.My friend had this problem but he sent a ticked to the support and got his email released from that account and could make a new one.Oh and also i nearly forgot the character creation is really amazing in this game
Alpha DireWolf	Recommended	14.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/AlphaDireWolf/	I may have played this game for only a couple of hours but I think I have come to the time to review this game.I see all the hate about Xingcode3, about how it goes through you files etc. But they just cleared it all up.From how I see it, Why would THOUSANDS of people play this game only to get there files scanned and get really worried about spyware? They have seen the reviews on this game. And they decided to get it because they thought "Oh, this isnt as a big a deal as what they say it is!" Apart from that the game is simply beautiful and I see myself sinking hours in to it. People also call it there "Second Life" for what you can do in it, Buy houses, Horses, Buisnesses, Build boats, carriages, etc. Plus who wouldnt want to do all that while fighting freaking monsters!?Play as many awesome classes (I am personally enjoying Ninja <3) that all are pretty different to each other. 
Kurokewi	Recommended	25.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Kurokewi/	Longest time I've spent on character creation in a game.
Lexelot	Recommended	1,168.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/lazylex/	Do you like grinding?Do you like a large open world with no fast travel?Do you like gender-locked classes?Do you like grinding?Do you like fishing, worker management, cooking or other crafting/gathering professions?Do you like RNG?Do you like good graphics?Do you like graphical pop-in where objects suddenly appear while you're running?Do you like grinding?Do you like performing combos over traditional hotbar combat?Do you like more PVP than PVE?Do you like regulated marketplace/auction houses?Do you like not being able to trade directly with other players?Do you like having to manage your inventory and weight?Do you like grinding?Do you like cosplaying as a giant fish or shark?Do you like having pets that can loot for you?Do you like having to pay extra money for those pets that can loot for you?Do you like being able to tame and train horses?Do you like owning multiple houses?Do you like grinding?If you answered YES to 4 or more items above, the game is worth the low price of admission. 
.Kana	Recommended	5,309.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/UnrealKana/	what is a tent
mEATBAG the GOD	Not Recommended	1.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197961550162/	Couldn't even launch the game. Stuck on XIGNCODE3 screen. Ran steam without admin, increased UAC, uninstalled NVIDIA GeForce, Launched from Geforce, Closed non-essential programs one-by-one. Wanted to love it but a game should not be this difficult to play.1Gs in the chat. RIP in Peps.
decaylab	Not Recommended	110.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198003351391/	No, no, no. Random upgrades are ok, random downgrades are NOT.I thought I could TRY to be better, not TRI...
Malefistus	Not Recommended	549.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/malefistus/	Gambling addiction simulator(?)
.raion	Recommended	102.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/raion1337/	Best MMO I've ever played. Am not really doing quests, just exploring the world and so on and I already have 41 hours. It's definitely worth it!
LentaiHover	Recommended	70.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Stoffiesteam/	I really like the long list of quests, multiple skills, and donks.
Tirach	Recommended	2,074.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/tirach/	Easily one of the best MMORPGs out there, and I've barely scratched the surface. Combat is fluid, graphics are amazing for an MMO, the equipment system is innovative, all the different possibilities for gameplay are truly awesome and character customization is second to none. Also; not pay to win. Always a plus.There are only a couple things I'm not in love with. One of them is that some of the English voice actors are.. Less than good. And some are downright horrible. The other thing is that there are no Oceanic servers, making responsiveness and disconnects somewhat irritating.Overall, I will definitely recommend at least giving the trial a go. This game is a blast, and I see myself putting hundreds, if not thousands of hours into BDO.
TheFramPlay	Recommended	29.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198056468788/	Best MMORPG hands down! It's a really great price for this MMO with no subscription!Anyways, have a great day!{First Edit 6/5/2017}I'm getting so damn addicted to this game, it's really great! The combat is fun, questing is a little meh, but the combat is what makes the game great so far for me. I haven't really gotten into all of the life skills or any ways to make profit yet. But I really do recommend this game! :D
Riven4s	Recommended	2,208.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Riven4s/	Definitly would recomend... Here are some pros and cons for anyone on the fence.Pros:Best combat of any mmorpgVery good visualssatisfying builds and progressionStable economyExpansive worldgreat class diversityAmazing PVPSatisfying lifeskillNot pay to winCons:Late game Enhancement systemPay for slight advantage: less tax onmarketplace, slight xp bonus and item pickupsNo trinity of roles (tank, healer, dps) classes or more diverse
1945 Oven Roleplayer	Recommended	1.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/QLsux/	I have the non steam version, if you're interested in this game I've got a checklist for you, if any of this is a pet peeve or something you find bothersome in video games, you probably wont enjoy the game.>poor server quality that prevents fluid and functional large scale pvp and will occasionally kill you in pve resulting in lost exp (theres a cash shop item you can buy to reverse this) and possible loss of crystals which you socket into gear and cost millions or take months to acquire.>poorly optimized client that even titans have trouble running well in large scale events (attack and cast speed is impacted by your fps btw)>aggressive texture pop unlike anything you've probably seen before regardless of your hardware or graphics settings>occasionally falling through the ground, possibly dying and losing exp/crystals (no reimbursment you'll get a copy paste response) as a result of these three things>being eternally behind the top 20% of players unless you get extremely extremely lucky becase of rng enchant system that will steal months of effort in a single click with no effort alternative>being farmed because of massive gear difference the moment you step out of olvia>a 40-50$ minimum requirement to both loot and farm at the same time (pets) hundreds of dollars more if you want faster looting pets (rng breeding system that consumes real money)>30$ costumes that makes your name disappear for open world pvp advantage (which is where you spend 99% of your time)>everything in cash shop priced at weird amounts to always make you spend 10$ more than what you want to spend>requirement to leave your computer on 24 hours a day and in-game as well as purchase a 30$ costume if you want to life skill at at a decent rate>requirement to buy inventory slots, weight increases, maids to stay in one spot for long periods of time if you want to grind somewhere that's not right next to town (these spots have lots of competition) as well as possibly brand stones (to reduce durability loss and stay in spot even longer)>cash shop "towns" aka  tents coming soon to give people who spend money even more of a grinding advantage>power creeped class releases>disrespectful and often unhelpful support staff who don't even play the game and don't know what you're talking aboutand by the way, don't use horse skill change coupons. they're a scam.so yeah if you're willing to put up with all of that and have an otherwise high tolerance to abuse from other players, and dont have any expectations about pvp being fair and balanced or based on skill you might enjoy this game sometimes. At the very least you can lol as people blow up their gear, the server advertises it when it happens. Also, Don't pick tamer ninja or giant. They're trash. Giant and Ninja are passable in pvp if you have advanced autism (they actually require a lot of skill due to lacking safety features but are still not terribly good in node wars or large scale pvp as others and tamer gets one shot by casters which is the primary meta class of NA) As a new player you can find a lot of utility as witch/wizard with minimal gear and still be able to farm decently.If its on free weekend or sale and you dont care about potentially throwing away money on a pile of regrets, try it out and see for yourself. A lot of this stuff sneaks up on you if you dont know about it beforehand, it did to me and now i'm stuck here.
hardcorepaul06	Not Recommended	3.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198070397514/	dont buy this game until they finally decide to increase the amount servers that you can play on, cause the lag is to real on the game right now with the current available servers. The lag makes it impossible to do anything like pvping, fishing, questing, training horses, marketplace, and etc.... You pretty much cant experience the game at its full potential thanks to the lag. Until they fix it, its not worth the purchase at all in my opinion, this should have been addressed on realease date. Have been a loyal player since the launch, well before it came to steam and now its not even worth playing thanks to the♥♥♥♥♥♥servers, please fix this devs. And on another note there should be at least 50 servers not 24, especially after the release on steam, 37 with the 14 reserved servers for noobies, really annoying please fix.
whymychinkystinky	Not Recommended	845.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/pandabaer69/	absolutely TERRIBLE! Please dont even give this game a try. It'll draw you in at first, but as you play on you slowly encroach on a wall that is based completely on RNG unless you drop money on in game items. Please, do not buy this game.
PointofImpact	Not Recommended	3,564.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198092668945/	toxic game, toxic community, toxic developers, and hackers running rampant to boot. would not recommend.
PFC Mellinger [29th ID]	Not Recommended	23.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198064831987/	Combat is fun but didn't really have fun anywhere else.Also not fond of the Xing thingUninstalledAlso the optimization was terrible, I lagged so much through my playthrough, and my pc isn't even bad
Lewd Loli	Recommended	1,032.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/LondonKid/	Not really an endgame game I would enjoy, is it worth the $10. I'd say so, but when you play so much for so long, it all ends. Grinding AND GRINDING is my life, but when you like to Solo you need super gear against people for grind spots. Not recomomended for long duration unless you love this game so much you will play for 1k hours.Pros: Fun, Nice animationGood MarketplaceFriendly and fun community to me.Love to GrindCons: Some classes don't seem useful, or some classes are a must to play to win which annoys me in mmorpgs.Long duration for grinding to get a better upgrade on an equipment then seeing it fail wasting atleast 10hours.Soloing isn't the way to go past level 56, and is terrible at lvl 60 when a party comes to kill you.If you are thinking about being decent at this game waste $40 for grinding stuff, Such as pets
Vox	Not Recommended	1,110.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198018502202/	Spent plenty of hour's enjoying the game till they added P2W and all the hard work and time I've put into the game means nothing when others can pass you up and demolish you just because they have the money to do so. Another note towards the game, people with thousands of hours into the game have alot of time spent afk doing life skills with the events the game has.
FMG™	Recommended	27.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/FeedMeGraphics/	it's good
Freebzy	Not Recommended	74.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/DrekBop/	Let's start with the toxic review about this game, i do not and i will not get many hours playtime in this game and i will tell y'all why.PROS:-Graphics, the game looks good-Character customization, really well made, you can change every cm of you chracters face. Not just sliders.-Combat is original, it's fast and i like itCONS:-The questing is SO bad, the voice acting is fake as hell. There are a lot of quests were you need to collect items from mobs, THIS IS COMPLETELY RNG SO I WAS SPENDING 2 HOURS TO FINISH A ♥♥♥♥♥♥ QUEST, and guess what. What did i get? 0,001% EXP. -gear upgrading system, also RNG! I am someone who completetly doesn't like grinding. And it takes a lot of time to get black stones where you can upgrade your armor/weapons with. So its extremely punishing when you fail a lot of upgrades. I know this "Force upgrade" thing exist but it is really expensive.-Everything is easy to kill, TILL you get to a point where everything is impossible to kill so you will have to spend hours on hours to upgrade your equipment. -The cash shop, you need to pay for all the costumes, and not like 1 - 10 euro's/Dollars but more likely around 30$. Thats insane for me, and your appearrance does change once in a while but i would still like it if you could get really cool types of armor. Also you gotta pay if you want to have more weight in your inventory or more inventory space. So thats another 10-20$ -Really difficult to learn at the start. My first 3 hours where finding out about how the game works because the ingame tutorial s*cks-Loot drops from mobs, ALSO RNG! In most games there is like 30-60% chance you get some loot from mobs, in BDO if you want something good ther is a 0,8& chance to get it! So to get one single item it might take you around 3-7 hours to get it. This is insane for me.-When you finish the 1-50 quest line you get send to Mediah, unless you already have been grinding for hours you get stuck. You cant even kill one mob without having to use all you abilities 10 times. So at this point you will have to start grinding what again, i hate.Overall: This game is perfect for someone who is a big fan of RNG, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ questing, grinding, farming, waiting and someone who has a lot of time to spend. 
WitchKing	Recommended	158.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198004920732/	Funny thing about this game... I got hooked on it quick, leveled quick for like the first month, got my character to about lvl 53-55, then I just stopped playing. Did I stop playing because it wasn’t fun? I don’t think so... combat was always pretty fun, if a bit grindy. Did I stop because of the AFKing? Not really... I did it at first to raise my stamina/strength a bit before finally just shelling out some cash in the in game store to buy the upgrades... figured what I was paying for would be worth the amount I would pay in extra electricity costs to get. Ultimately, I think I quit playing because while the game is deep and intricate and a great form of escapism for a time, after a while I had never grouped up, I had never joined a guild, and the game was just an isolationist experience.
Woodyrascel	Not Recommended	86.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197989202864/	I was enjoying this game untill it went p2w......when are devs ever going to learn :(
CanadianWeeb	Not Recommended	2.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/thatnotcanadianwannabeweeb/	I dont like it
Nacholistic	Not Recommended	6,208.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198067173780/	This game used to be quite good, and while I still enjoy it, I can't recommend it to anyone in good conscience. I've met so many of my best friends through this game but at the end of the day, it's a Korean MMO that has many glaring issues, especially as of late. There is currently an RMT (Real Money Trading) issue in which people pay IRL money to guilds in exchange for high tier payouts that are extremely easy to get with a semi recent discovery (sea monster hunting). These payouts are often times enough to outright buy enough gear to be semi competitive in small/medium scale pvp. Regardless this game is one of the best MMOs available on the current market, if not the best. If/when they decide to either nerf sea monsters or bring grinding/life skilling up to par, this game will be a must buy for any mmo fans. As it stands today? Be very cautious about buying this game.
Moth	Not Recommended	4.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/iiRushy/	It's literally trash. Clustered UI and more like one of those "HEY BUY THIS" phone apps.  OH! It also downloads a anti-cheat on your computer without consent that scans your ENTIRE computer!! Without asking permission, only way to delete is through files or regedit!
bevo	Recommended	285.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TheBaddestRat/	Every bad review is from people didnt look up the basic guide to gear
AfkChaos	Not Recommended	1.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/AfkChaos/	Was enjoying this game and was about to open my wallet. It was then, I saw enormousamounts of DLC. I literally googled to see if EA made this game.Anyway pay2win
One Hundo Bill	Not Recommended	4.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/yaboibenfrank/	terrible
rasmiel	Not Recommended	944.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197987184222/	Black Desert Online is a breath taking, wonderful, immersive online experience like none other with literally top of the line character customization, seamless HUGE open world, no doubt THE best graphics of any MMORPGs, and exciting and fun filled fast paced combat akin to Dynasty Warriors. It isn't P2W contrary to popular beliefs, but more pay for convenience. The amount of money you should invest to make your BDO life enjoyable is about the same as buying a full priced AAA game, which I was completely fine with because I wanted to enjoy this game to its fullest potential. It helps that every grind actually makes difference to whatever goal you are trying to achieve. Unfortunately, the biggest problem with the game arises in form of its own publisher, Kakao Games.In my rather small playtime (not small by choice of my own), I've come to learn that Kakao Games is not run as a game publsihing company, but more like a secretive government organization.  They will more often than not have SEVERAL unexplained maintenace extensions, announced right AFTER the scheduled completion time. During these times players are kept in dark about what is going on or if they'd be able to log in to the game once the announced completion time comes because you never know how many extensions they would actually need. Again and again, players have pointed out their lack of communication is what upsets them, yet at every single curve, some blind loyal "fan" base (or bots) in shining armor come to their rescue and reassure them that they are doing a GREAT job and that all those who complain are just cry babies and haters, and nothing gets better.I would be completely fine with this if this were free-to-play. However this game is buy-to-play, has optional subscription (especially required if you care deeply about character customization), and microtransaction (rather ridiculously priced) all in one. This level of incompetence then becomes unacceptable for the investment they ask for. It is really unfortunate because this is one of the best MMORPG's I have ever played that is ruined by the greed, the lack of professionalism and transparency displayed by the publisherIf you would still like to try it, I would wait for sale or even better, a free weekend to see if you can tolerate the way this game is run. If you can, this is absolutely a wonderful experience, assuming you actually get to play rather than being forced to wait more than a day and a half of extended maintenace and lack of updates on the issue.
Alpha DireWolf	Recommended	14.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/AlphaDireWolf/	I may have played this game for only a couple of hours but I think I have come to the time to review this game.I see all the hate about Xingcode3, about how it goes through you files etc. But they just cleared it all up.From how I see it, Why would THOUSANDS of people play this game only to get there files scanned and get really worried about spyware? They have seen the reviews on this game. And they decided to get it because they thought "Oh, this isnt as a big a deal as what they say it is!" Apart from that the game is simply beautiful and I see myself sinking hours in to it. People also call it there "Second Life" for what you can do in it, Buy houses, Horses, Buisnesses, Build boats, carriages, etc. Plus who wouldnt want to do all that while fighting freaking monsters!?Play as many awesome classes (I am personally enjoying Ninja <3) that all are pretty different to each other. 
Liam Neeson	Recommended	33.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Ehrnborn/	So far I've had alot of fun with this game together with a friend.I can really understand though why some people doesn't like it since It includes alot of grinding but If you like those kinds of mmo games i think you would probably like BDO It has a really fun combat system in my opinion and the game world Is beautiful.For those players that are returning there Is one  bad thing and that is that you can't use your old account.My friend had this problem but he sent a ticked to the support and got his email released from that account and could make a new one.Oh and also i nearly forgot the character creation is really amazing in this game
mEATBAG the GOD	Not Recommended	1.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197961550162/	Couldn't even launch the game. Stuck on XIGNCODE3 screen. Ran steam without admin, increased UAC, uninstalled NVIDIA GeForce, Launched from Geforce, Closed non-essential programs one-by-one. Wanted to love it but a game should not be this difficult to play.1Gs in the chat. RIP in Peps.
Kurokewi	Recommended	25.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Kurokewi/	Longest time I've spent on character creation in a game.
Lexelot	Recommended	1,168.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/lazylex/	Do you like grinding?Do you like a large open world with no fast travel?Do you like gender-locked classes?Do you like grinding?Do you like fishing, worker management, cooking or other crafting/gathering professions?Do you like RNG?Do you like good graphics?Do you like graphical pop-in where objects suddenly appear while you're running?Do you like grinding?Do you like performing combos over traditional hotbar combat?Do you like more PVP than PVE?Do you like regulated marketplace/auction houses?Do you like not being able to trade directly with other players?Do you like having to manage your inventory and weight?Do you like grinding?Do you like cosplaying as a giant fish or shark?Do you like having pets that can loot for you?Do you like having to pay extra money for those pets that can loot for you?Do you like being able to tame and train horses?Do you like owning multiple houses?Do you like grinding?If you answered YES to 4 or more items above, the game is worth the low price of admission. 
meepgofish	Recommended	11.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/meepgofish/	So much to do and so much fun. Cheap base price with no monthly cost. How do they afford to develop and run this game? It just proves the greed of many other MMOs.
Riven4s	Recommended	2,208.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Riven4s/	Definitly would recomend... Here are some pros and cons for anyone on the fence.Pros:Best combat of any mmorpgVery good visualssatisfying builds and progressionStable economyExpansive worldgreat class diversityAmazing PVPSatisfying lifeskillNot pay to winCons:Late game Enhancement systemPay for slight advantage: less tax onmarketplace, slight xp bonus and item pickupsNo trinity of roles (tank, healer, dps) classes or more diverse
CriBz	Not Recommended	1,095.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197964731194/	BDO once was great , the  changes they are making prove they have literally no clue what direction to take the game in .PvP ruined , PVE non-existant to begin with .Save yourself alot of hours and don't bother , Unless they start listening to the players.
1945 Oven Roleplayer	Recommended	1.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/QLsux/	I have the non steam version, if you're interested in this game I've got a checklist for you, if any of this is a pet peeve or something you find bothersome in video games, you probably wont enjoy the game.>poor server quality that prevents fluid and functional large scale pvp and will occasionally kill you in pve resulting in lost exp (theres a cash shop item you can buy to reverse this) and possible loss of crystals which you socket into gear and cost millions or take months to acquire.>poorly optimized client that even titans have trouble running well in large scale events (attack and cast speed is impacted by your fps btw)>aggressive texture pop unlike anything you've probably seen before regardless of your hardware or graphics settings>occasionally falling through the ground, possibly dying and losing exp/crystals (no reimbursment you'll get a copy paste response) as a result of these three things>being eternally behind the top 20% of players unless you get extremely extremely lucky becase of rng enchant system that will steal months of effort in a single click with no effort alternative>being farmed because of massive gear difference the moment you step out of olvia>a 40-50$ minimum requirement to both loot and farm at the same time (pets) hundreds of dollars more if you want faster looting pets (rng breeding system that consumes real money)>30$ costumes that makes your name disappear for open world pvp advantage (which is where you spend 99% of your time)>everything in cash shop priced at weird amounts to always make you spend 10$ more than what you want to spend>requirement to leave your computer on 24 hours a day and in-game as well as purchase a 30$ costume if you want to life skill at at a decent rate>requirement to buy inventory slots, weight increases, maids to stay in one spot for long periods of time if you want to grind somewhere that's not right next to town (these spots have lots of competition) as well as possibly brand stones (to reduce durability loss and stay in spot even longer)>cash shop "towns" aka  tents coming soon to give people who spend money even more of a grinding advantage>power creeped class releases>disrespectful and often unhelpful support staff who don't even play the game and don't know what you're talking aboutand by the way, don't use horse skill change coupons. they're a scam.so yeah if you're willing to put up with all of that and have an otherwise high tolerance to abuse from other players, and dont have any expectations about pvp being fair and balanced or based on skill you might enjoy this game sometimes. At the very least you can lol as people blow up their gear, the server advertises it when it happens. Also, Don't pick tamer ninja or giant. They're trash. Giant and Ninja are passable in pvp if you have advanced autism (they actually require a lot of skill due to lacking safety features but are still not terribly good in node wars or large scale pvp as others and tamer gets one shot by casters which is the primary meta class of NA) As a new player you can find a lot of utility as witch/wizard with minimal gear and still be able to farm decently.If its on free weekend or sale and you dont care about potentially throwing away money on a pile of regrets, try it out and see for yourself. A lot of this stuff sneaks up on you if you dont know about it beforehand, it did to me and now i'm stuck here.
.raion	Recommended	102.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/raion1337/	Best MMO I've ever played. Am not really doing quests, just exploring the world and so on and I already have 41 hours. It's definitely worth it!
LentaiHover	Recommended	70.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Stoffiesteam/	I really like the long list of quests, multiple skills, and donks.
Tirach	Recommended	2,074.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/tirach/	Easily one of the best MMORPGs out there, and I've barely scratched the surface. Combat is fluid, graphics are amazing for an MMO, the equipment system is innovative, all the different possibilities for gameplay are truly awesome and character customization is second to none. Also; not pay to win. Always a plus.There are only a couple things I'm not in love with. One of them is that some of the English voice actors are.. Less than good. And some are downright horrible. The other thing is that there are no Oceanic servers, making responsiveness and disconnects somewhat irritating.Overall, I will definitely recommend at least giving the trial a go. This game is a blast, and I see myself putting hundreds, if not thousands of hours into BDO.
TheFramPlay	Recommended	29.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198056468788/	Best MMORPG hands down! It's a really great price for this MMO with no subscription!Anyways, have a great day!{First Edit 6/5/2017}I'm getting so damn addicted to this game, it's really great! The combat is fun, questing is a little meh, but the combat is what makes the game great so far for me. I haven't really gotten into all of the life skills or any ways to make profit yet. But I really do recommend this game! :D
Hexipo	Not Recommended	4.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198095494998/	My game has not worked for months now, i have contacted multiple avenues of support from BDO, from steam, and just general googling, nothing has fixed my game and steam wont even refund me because i have 4 hours that i managed to play.Awful support. If it works, have fun i guess, i didnt actually get to experience much with my 4 hour play time. But i wrote this to let others know that if your game doesnt work, no one cares.
YuJiroh	Not Recommended	27.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Yujiroh/	I played a ton before the game came to steam. The combat is absolutely incredible, even revolutionary in terms of mechanics. The graphics are next level. The game from level 1 to about 50 is amazing. Afterwards, enjoy grinding mobs for hours and hours for miniscule exp. What type of end game do you have to look forward to? PvP. You grind until your hands hurt and then pvp. There is no real end game and that's what kills this game. Bring raids, dungeons, scenarios, world bosses, something at least.I would not recommend this game unless you're all about that pvp.
nizon	Recommended	201.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/nizoon/	B u t t  p h y s i c s
Lewd Loli	Recommended	1,032.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/LondonKid/	Not really an endgame game I would enjoy, is it worth the $10. I'd say so, but when you play so much for so long, it all ends. Grinding AND GRINDING is my life, but when you like to Solo you need super gear against people for grind spots. Not recomomended for long duration unless you love this game so much you will play for 1k hours.Pros: Fun, Nice animationGood MarketplaceFriendly and fun community to me.Love to GrindCons: Some classes don't seem useful, or some classes are a must to play to win which annoys me in mmorpgs.Long duration for grinding to get a better upgrade on an equipment then seeing it fail wasting atleast 10hours.Soloing isn't the way to go past level 56, and is terrible at lvl 60 when a party comes to kill you.If you are thinking about being decent at this game waste $40 for grinding stuff, Such as pets
✪Zohå♔Snow✪	Not Recommended	147.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/XxZohaxxSnowxX/	If you have no life and want to live in a video game then live here cause this is basically a life simulator with monsters.Most things in this game are either afk while you wait or wait a literal 6-8 hours just to do anything productive and half the time you will just minimize the game while you fish for silver(the fastest way to make money).Was fun untill lvl 55 then after that you don't play the game, you just minimize it while your character does a life skill animation.
Hexipo	Not Recommended	4.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198095494998/	My game has not worked for months now, i have contacted multiple avenues of support from BDO, from steam, and just general googling, nothing has fixed my game and steam wont even refund me because i have 4 hours that i managed to play.Awful support. If it works, have fun i guess, i didnt actually get to experience much with my 4 hour play time. But i wrote this to let others know that if your game doesnt work, no one cares.
Tron	Recommended	206.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198134822670/	This game is really worth the 10 dollars, it may have flaws but what doesn'tThe graphics and combat are amazing and it has a lot of new things to bring to the tableHowever, this game does make you work for what you want, I spent 4 days alone logged in almost all day working ona fishing boat, but thats what is good about the game when you acomplish something you feel awesome that you did it9/10
YuJiroh	Not Recommended	27.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Yujiroh/	I played a ton before the game came to steam. The combat is absolutely incredible, even revolutionary in terms of mechanics. The graphics are next level. The game from level 1 to about 50 is amazing. Afterwards, enjoy grinding mobs for hours and hours for miniscule exp. What type of end game do you have to look forward to? PvP. You grind until your hands hurt and then pvp. There is no real end game and that's what kills this game. Bring raids, dungeons, scenarios, world bosses, something at least.I would not recommend this game unless you're all about that pvp.
PointofImpact	Not Recommended	3,564.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198092668945/	toxic game, toxic community, toxic developers, and hackers running rampant to boot. would not recommend.
PFC Mellinger [29th ID]	Not Recommended	23.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198064831987/	Combat is fun but didn't really have fun anywhere else.Also not fond of the Xing thingUninstalledAlso the optimization was terrible, I lagged so much through my playthrough, and my pc isn't even bad
Esco	Not Recommended	2,729.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/OfficialEsco/	Predicted RNG.... Can't call that RNG.
123	Not Recommended	531.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Lilrosty69/	Black Desert Online.... The game where all the aspects come into place.. First you have to buy the game than you have to pay for the packs so you can have your weight up so its like a monthly subscription than you gotta buy pets so they can pick up your loot so and the game doesnt have gear progression so your forced to buy outfits unless you wanna look the same for the entire game which maybe sometimes you might get a reskin of the gear your already wearing  not to mention the game is already pay to win and it all builds up to pvp with terrible servers, You also have to afk farm whenever your not on to keep up with other players and the enchanting system is terrible.... other than that has amazing graphics!
.raion	Recommended	102.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/raion1337/	Best MMO I've ever played. Am not really doing quests, just exploring the world and so on and I already have 41 hours. It's definitely worth it!
LentaiHover	Recommended	70.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Stoffiesteam/	I really like the long list of quests, multiple skills, and donks.
Tirach	Recommended	2,074.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/tirach/	Easily one of the best MMORPGs out there, and I've barely scratched the surface. Combat is fluid, graphics are amazing for an MMO, the equipment system is innovative, all the different possibilities for gameplay are truly awesome and character customization is second to none. Also; not pay to win. Always a plus.There are only a couple things I'm not in love with. One of them is that some of the English voice actors are.. Less than good. And some are downright horrible. The other thing is that there are no Oceanic servers, making responsiveness and disconnects somewhat irritating.Overall, I will definitely recommend at least giving the trial a go. This game is a blast, and I see myself putting hundreds, if not thousands of hours into BDO.
TheFramPlay	Recommended	29.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198056468788/	Best MMORPG hands down! It's a really great price for this MMO with no subscription!Anyways, have a great day!{First Edit 6/5/2017}I'm getting so damn addicted to this game, it's really great! The combat is fun, questing is a little meh, but the combat is what makes the game great so far for me. I haven't really gotten into all of the life skills or any ways to make profit yet. But I really do recommend this game! :D
hardcorepaul06	Not Recommended	3.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198070397514/	dont buy this game until they finally decide to increase the amount servers that you can play on, cause the lag is to real on the game right now with the current available servers. The lag makes it impossible to do anything like pvping, fishing, questing, training horses, marketplace, and etc.... You pretty much cant experience the game at its full potential thanks to the lag. Until they fix it, its not worth the purchase at all in my opinion, this should have been addressed on realease date. Have been a loyal player since the launch, well before it came to steam and now its not even worth playing thanks to the♥♥♥♥♥♥servers, please fix this devs. And on another note there should be at least 50 servers not 24, especially after the release on steam, 37 with the 14 reserved servers for noobies, really annoying please fix.
meepgofish	Recommended	11.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/meepgofish/	So much to do and so much fun. Cheap base price with no monthly cost. How do they afford to develop and run this game? It just proves the greed of many other MMOs.
Bolththrower	Recommended	10,543.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/bolththrower/	So far so good.I'm just here for a meanigless achievement. PEACE!
Cahpano | Fruitloop From Jupiter	Not Recommended	39.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Cahpano/	Let me start off by saying I enjoyed this game while I played it, and I will most likely continue to play this game every so often. The first 20 or so hours of this game are fun. The campaign was great (I had to go back and replay it because I grinded the levels with my first character) and the XP system for leveling up is balanced. Now to get into the review. Black Desert Online is a grinding game. Even the campaigns quests, and before you think 'Quests??? Oh so it will be like a Skyrim or Fallout!' Think again my friend! While the quests for the campaign are beneficial for gaining XP, weapons, armor and/or contribution points the side quests are terrible and have no real connection to the campaign. Sure, there was a couple side quests that tied back to the main campaign but other than that they were only there for exploration/contribution point purposes. Which is total fine but that was their only purpose.Now we can go into game confusion. The game starts you out at a level six, so in the first hour of the game and you think that, wow! I'm already at level 20! Nope! The sad truth is that you were handed 6 levels at the start. The tutorials is breif and gives no insight to more than you combat skills, how to follow a trail and how to do quests. Which is all you need in a game like this, right? No, this game has so much more. How to navigate the marketplace comes later on, purchasing/repairing/selling armor and weapons is not explained. How to fix the durability of a weapon is not explained on how it is done. Also how to properly enchant equipment is self-taught. They're a lot more things that have to be self-taught: Taming a horse, cooking, alchemy, how to spend contribution points, how to buy a house, purchasing workers through nodes, connection of nodes and much more. Okay, so you have completed the campaign quests and gotten to level 50. Level 50 is where the game actually starts! WRONG! Get that thought out of you head. Most of your awakening weapons can't be used until you reach level 56 (Good luck getting there because once you hit 50, getting XP from MOBS is terrible even with XP boosts on) and if you haven't done any of the campaign but you've reached level 50. Well I have to tell you that the campaign won't be playable with that character. At level 50 you get all you level 50 quests. That means no campaign quests and barely any side quests. At level 50, all quests you do are dedicated to getting your awakening equipment that you won't be able to use until you reach level 56. That's not all, at level 50, you are available for PVP with anyone, anywhere and anytime. This can be frustrating at times because most people who reach level 56 have been waiting to use their beautiful awakening equipment. So they test it out on the fresh level 50's, who only want to keep leveling up. So to all you level 50's out there. Watch your back when your slowly but surely get to 56. Oh, remember how before level 50 you could level up about 10 times or more an hour? Yeah, kiss that goodbye. It will most likely take you 3 to 5 hours to level up once and that is even with XP boosts on. Finally, the game is played by yourself. All through level 56. Guilds now are used for PVP and they only want the best. So have fun grinding those MOBS all alone, with no VOIP you can only type to players, but who has time for that? Talking in chat waste energy from you energy bar. That same energy that is needed to gather and collect for owned nodes. Energy that you don't have time to waste chatting away. Sure you can join a discord but is everyone is so invested in their grinding or quests that they don't even talk.All in all, try the game out if you won't. It's only $10 U.S. When you get bored after 20 or so hours, you might feel the money was wasted.
I Got Your Shrimps	Not Recommended	1,746.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198056178624/	Was always a little p2w, is now entirely p2w. Producers renigged when they said they wouldnt make it a p2w experience. Don't waste your time and, for the love of god, if you do try it don't give them any more money. They've gotten enough out of the player base for a scam of a game already.
Saphire Flamer	Recommended	41.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Saphire_Flamer/	Absolutely love this game, well worth the $10.
Sushimaster	Not Recommended	969.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/doeggu/	This game has a lot to offer but I am not going to focus on the positive aspects like everyone has. You can read that from the other reviews. What I want to point out is that this game has the worst and most frustrating gear enhancement system I have ever witnessed in a modern MMORPG. Let me try to write this up for people who hasn't played this game:Unlike other MMORPG becoming stronger (more dmg, hp, etc) in this game is mainly through upgrading your equipment rather than aquire rarer equipment. The equipment can be upgraded from 0 to +20 and usually starting at +7 with each step there is a chance you can fail upgrading your equipment. That means the upgrading material you use will be consumed and there is no chance of getting it back. One important thing to remember is that with each step after +7, upgrading becomes more exponentially harder. That means the amount of upgrading material needed and the chance to fail will grow much more.This game has implemented a system called "failstacking". What that means if you fail upgrading you will get 1-3 failstack (=FS). The more FS you have the higher chance of success you will get. Additionally the amount of success (=%) provided by  each FS will be less higher. If you succeed in upgrading an equipment, all your FS gathered will be consumed. Now you might think "What's the problem? I can just spam upgrading until I get to 20+". The problem lies after +15. On the one hand the upgrading material needed after +15 is one of the rarest material you can get. On the other hand (the main issue) is that failing upgrading to +18, +19, +20 your equipment will downgrade one step back. For example if you're trying to upgrade from +17 to +18 and fail, your equipment will go back to +16. Never in any MMORPG have I seen that you can actually make progress backwards. That means you will need to gather the upgrading material again and gather FS to get back your equipment to +17 to try again for +18. Now because after +17 you can make progress backwards you need to take a gamble (RNG) and hope you will succeed 3 times (with a chance ranging from 1.5% to max. 32.5% depending your amount of FS) after +17 to get to +20. Most people stop at +19 because the power gained for this one step +20 isn't significant enough to justify the cost of failure. Also the game studio has capped the chance of success FS can provide you. That means you cannot get higher chances for +18 to +20 by getting more FS because they capped it at around 27%-32.% depending on the step.If you have read so far I am sure your mind has probably given up trying to comprehend this. Let me try to summarize this, because failing upgrading will consume the upgrading material and succeeding will consume both the upgrading materal and FS, failing upgrading after +17 there is a chance you can downgrade your equipment 1-3 times which leads to the need to gather the needed material and FS again to get to the point where you were before.This issue can be solved by making the upgrading materal readily available, removing the cap for max chance of success or removing that you can make progress backwards. But so far the game studio seems to have no intention of doing that because this is the artificial leverage they have got to keep the playerbase busy.There is more issue I have with the game, e.g. the exponentially increase in time to make progress. (the time it took a player to reach from lvl 61 to 62 was 2000 hours or 5 months real life time). One can quickly see that you need to dedicate yourself to the game if you want to stay competitive at the end. One can argue that this game is hardcore but I rather spend those 5 months doing something more enjoyable than logging in and keep grinding the same spot, doing the same rotation, clicks and skill over and over again until you get that one number higher.
Leo	Recommended	0.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198140187354/	It is an amazing game to be sure but so everyone knows don't buy this on steam if you have an account from before wether it was a free trail or not. you can't play it at all without making a brand new account.
Rabblerouser	Recommended	378.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198218363032/	Game is amazing most immersive game i have played in a long long time
Drink	Recommended	1,733.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/buIlet/	and I thought minecraft enchanting was bad.
Dumpster	Not Recommended	138.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SaltMachineV2/	Game community is toxic, enjoy putting in 100+ hours for less of a score you worked up to in a matter of minutes.
ΣℳℳΛ	Not Recommended	187.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/halo6098/	p2w
Schokostrolch	Not Recommended	426.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198030272578/	This game is like a good looking hooker, the longer and deeper you dig into her the more and more money and enjoyment of life she rips apart from you.
PanVanocka	Not Recommended	17.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197989698150/	Even if i ignore how confusing and user unfriendly the game is, it's still bad. More like a series of uninspired minigames, beauty salon simulations, slot machines etc. Zero immersion and challenge (one hitting 10 mobs at a time), i mean my hamster if put on keyboard could just grind me to max level... People really enjoy such pointlessness? Gorgeous graphics/audio and flashy combat certainly don't balance it out to being worth spending your time here.
fuck you	Not Recommended	205.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SmugShitlord/	Don't buy this game. Don't even get your time invested on it. It's a scam, a full blown ♥♥♥♥ing scam. It's not P2W like many other MMORPGS, no, it's pay to progress.I was lucky enough to realize that 200 hours later. May we pity the poor souls that have put over 1K hours into this game.
Mikzu9000	Not Recommended	703.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198056338599/	This game is really good, I have to admit it... with the almost perfect battle system which need player to test their timing and knowing enemies movements, repel them and so on, and after you get your awakening, things get more interesting cause you will get whole new moves set and new weapon type to play. I had tons of fun with this game and I even thought'' hey because this game is so fun why I don't use some of my hard earned money and buy couple pets so I can farm much better and so on..But then there comes the hard truth that splashes into your face like old wet rag.. game starts to feel HUUUUUGE grind fest when you reach lvl 56, before that you can easily lvl your character and everything is nice until the grind wall hits and it's a big hit, you will have to grind almost non stop to be able get past 56 or 57 so it starts to feel like a labor intead of fun PVP feels really intense when playing against other players, especially when they are in the same powerlvl as you then it feels more like DBZ style fights where you just zoom all over the battle arena fighting against your opponent and I must say, I have never felt so much adrenaline in my system when played MMO pvp like this.Thou it's only fun when it goes like this... 90% of pvp you end up force pvped by some♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥who just does it for the giggles and are much more high geared than you, so you can't do much than just give up and move to different location or server...This game has huge potential and I have 500hrs playtime but I just wanted to stop and take a break from it but when I thought ''maybe I should try again?'' but then I remember why I stopped and started to feel discomfort for the game, after that I haven't play since.I hope devs would get rid of the pearl shop and figure  something else, cause this game is really P2W cause you can't do anything efficiently if you don't buy min 2 pets, some inventory spaces, more weight so you can carry more and you have to pay these weight/inventory stuff SEPARATELY to each class if you wanna maybe play different class some times....If you don't have any trouble to pay all these stuff and you have competive mindset, give it a try but you prolly end up like me and retire it after a while because you just don't wanna play it anymore...
Drink	Recommended	1,733.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/buIlet/	and I thought minecraft enchanting was bad.
Edvin	Not Recommended	7,359.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/edvinPL/	Reached full endgame life skill plus PvP. Game is full P2w and random based whether u spend on an item 1bil or 10bil. Master 20+ trader with a lot (150+)workers and nearly 400cp. Quit. I'd advise to stay away unless they (pearl abyss) change their business model more in direction of CS/LoL / DotA. Here's not even that many ways to make your character look very personalised. U need to spend a lot of money to be nearly anywhere near viable in siege or even NW scene. And it's me saying this. Nearly 8000 hours of gameplay. Quit two months ago and finally happy person again. This game is like a drug
TimeViewer	Recommended	1,519.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198053215200/	MMORPG with a touch of old style combat games (combos etc)P2E (Pay to Enhance, not Win)I keep expecting the little black spirit dude to pop out and say "FINISH HIM!"If you're the type of person who starts off a game saying "I'm just going to level and become powerful and not bother with all this life skill nonsense" and then stops leveling to work on all that "life skill nonsense", yup this is another one of those and yup you're gonna do that againThe game is very entertaining and very complex, anyone just starting should take a lot of time to read, and by read I mean GOOGLE THE ^&(# OUT OF IT!!On that note, a word of warning, this is, at the time of the writing of this, a very toxic community, the blame is wrongly being placed at the feet of Steam players, you can decide for yourself who's to blame if you play. If you love toxic, well, welcome to your nirvana, if not then read the following advice.To end screen spam go to Settings - Game and pick and choose what info you want or do not want displayed on the screen, remember you can turn these off and on as needed. For starters I recommend turning them off until you get use to the game itself sans distractions.To end various Chat Box spams mouse over the Chat Box in the upper left corner you will see a Cog, click it. Turn various information displays off and on via this. You can also turn off the eye cancer via this interface, turn off various channels if you find them offensive.
Passenger of the Present	Not Recommended	1,506.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198416953642/	Do not expect your natural-borne affinity for games to carry you to the peak of the ladder of this disappointment of a game. It is truly saddening to think of the improvement amongst other MMORGPS Black Desert could've been, yet it has fallen into that common plague; pay to win. Say yourself the time and money with this game and look to other MMOs whose developers and publishers have been proven as reliable, courteous, and who don't implement an increasingly cancerous business model that forces the incentive to open your wallet. I could go on and on regarding how my hopes about this seemingly immersive game have been shattered, but its better to summarize as such: P2P players will surely enjoy the game firsthand (as I did), but will quickly find regret.
ΣℳℳΛ	Not Recommended	187.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/halo6098/	p2w
Dumpster	Not Recommended	138.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SaltMachineV2/	Game community is toxic, enjoy putting in 100+ hours for less of a score you worked up to in a matter of minutes.
Mizukage	Recommended	464.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Mizkagekelvin/	love the game but wish i had some friends to play with
Deskrin	Not Recommended	7.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198003734227/	Very Unhappy about the pay2win. Guess all the rich people with tons of disposable income gets to cheat thier way to the top. What a toxic developer...Got this game with my girlfriend and the gameplay is amazing..But after all the recent updates that made this pay to win we just stopped playing.. i will not support developers that create systems that drain our wallets.
IceMagic	Not Recommended	1.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198273320356/	Refund please 
Dank Thomas	Not Recommended	47.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/doncookiemonstero/	Black Desert Online or BDO is a beautifull game with really dope combat system. Im in love with this combat system and visuals. Sadly it has what every mmo without a subscription. Microtransactions. Or rather say "Pay or stay in place struggling". This game is going to squeeze every penny from you so your experience with the game can be slightly better. You can get a lot of things just wasting like 2-5 hours for pointless grinding weak mobs. No challange at all, just stuff to upgrade your gear. About gear upgrades. Its the biggest downside of the game. Upgrading your gear is so stupid i cant belive somebody could think of that while being sober. Its completely RNG and most time against you. So you have to pay or waste 10000 hours to get decent end game gear. So much potential, so much wasted. Also quests are boring, spacebar spamming. After 2 hours of the game i stopped reading what NPC "typed" on a wall of text. It doesnt matter.
Conncept	Not Recommended	131.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198065436881/	I recommend you research the game extensively before making a purchase.If you are looking for a fast paced, tactile, flashy, rip roaring, hack and slash adventure game set in a beautiful fantasy world, this game is amazing, and cheap to boot.If you are looking for an MMO that you can heavily invest in (both monetarily and emotionally) for years to come, this is one of the worst games you will ever lay a finger on.If you are looking for an RPG, look elsewhere, this isn't an RPG in spite of the tags above.Everything that makes this game an MMORPG, it utterly fails at, but if you want an incredibly pretty online Dynasty Warriors, this is your game.  Firstly, there are basically no RPG elements in this game .  An RPG means that there are play elements within the game that allow you to control the role of your character, hence the R in RPG.  These elements can be creating a build, building a party, or choosing a path in a branching story.  BDO has absolutely none of that, you can choose from one of several classes and customize their look to the umpteenth degree, but this has no inidividual effect on gameplay.  Every class plays through the exact same story and the only choices it gives you affect some alignment meter, which in the end has no effect on the completly linear storyline.  Similarly, you cannot choose build and playstyle at all, all characters of the same class have the exact same abilities once fully leveled, there are no talent trees or skill customizatoin, the only customization that affects gameplay is your choice of gear stats, and the only time you will be different from every other character is while leveling up.Every single MMO element is done in the worst way possible, either for the sake of laziness, fault of poor game design, or most common, flat out unfiltered unending greed on part of the publisher.  PvP, isn’t PvP, it’s PvEvsPvE.  It all runs on PvE gear, and gear differentation is so massive and rigid and difficult to obtain that every matchup is decided wholly and completely by gear score.  This game has no PvP that actually tests your skill against another player, only your ability to grind and get lucky drops or amass cash.The only group (massive) content are open world bosses that are completed by strafing and spamming like a bunch of mindless lemmings.  Any other open world is handled easily by yourself.  No dungeons or raids or anything of the sort.  There is some sort of Guild vs Guild mode but I never got in to it, but I highly doubt it alone can be the saving grace of this games horrible excuse for group content.The economy, if you enjoy playing that end of MMOs, is in complete shambles and has been since launch.  And the developers do not care to the slightest degree because it pushes people towards the cash shop by freezing up all resources that could be used to earn anything in the game beside gold and stats.  There are also basically no rewards, you fight for a pitiful chance at higher and better stats.  All new skins since launch (over three years) have been in the cash shop, for $30-40 each, oh and they are bound to the character, not the account.  Remember what I said about greed?  Yeah... The publisher, is in my opinion the most dishonest to ever walk the earth.  There are a million examples showing this, but I only need one.  Shortly after launch, some outfits bugged out to hide peoples names, preventing those people from being reported and subject to both support and the games karma system that discourages Pking excessively.  In response to this, the publishers put a flare in the cash shop which would reveal these players names.  That’s right, they literally put a bug fix in the store and charged people for it, and that isn’t even the only time they’ve done so.  The flare has since been moved to being purchased with in game currency, but other examples of this exact same dishonesty exist and are still only available in the cash shop.Nonetheless, I bought the game after researching it and deciding how I would play it.  If you want a fun beat-em-up for $10 ($6 on sale, I got it on sale and I would recommend waiting), and can enjoy the game without being tempted to give these dishonest schills another dime, pick it up and enjoy yourself.EDIT: As people have pointed out, there are RP elements in the economy, to that I say, there are still no RP elements in this game.  Why?  There is no "play" to the economy in this game.As I already said, and as they are choosing to ignore to be nitpicky and selective with their facts: the only thing you can buy is higher and more varying stats.  Because the only outfits you can craft are locked behind mats that very rarely pass hands thanks to the games complete and utter economic freeze.  And anything else, is in the cash shop for $30-40.  There cannot be role "play" elements to what there is no "play" to in the first place.\Technically, stuff in the cash shop can be bought for ingame currency if someone buys it with real cash and lists it on the marketplace, but the developers decide the listing price, not the player, and the developers force a listing price that isn't profitable, so that they never pass hands, and are probably one of the biggest roots of the games economic freeze.  There are cash shop items that have not been listed in literally years, and some which have been listed only a few hundred times in the three years the game has been out.  I myself have not seen a single outfit listed in the entire time I've played this game.  Or in short, no, you cannot just get whatever you want from the marketplace, that is a flat out lie.
princess chelsu ♕	Recommended	2,588.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Chelsu/	One of my favorite MMOs. The vast amount of things you can do is so amazing for me, and the combat is lit
Marona	Recommended	468.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/34df693mFs/	Black Desert Online is the MMORPG from the future with endless possibilities for your character and type of gameplay.Graphics:The graphics are BEAUTIFUL and BREATHTAKING. Sorry to use caps on that but it's true. On the first couple minutes of my first gameplay...and random times just to appreciate it in new or existing areas, I admired all the detail that went into each area. From houses to trees to the ground, and even the blades of grass. This game doesn't have a virtual reality feature...but if the reception continues to grow, I hope it's something they will consider since the game is really immersive. 10/10. Downright gorgeousCustomization of Character:To put it short, I give this a 9/10. I had to deduct a point on this because while there are many customizable options, there are some things you don't have control of. For example, when you choose the Berserker class, you are a giant race. If you play tamer, they are normally very short when it comes to height.There are many, many, many, many customization options for your character after you decide on what class you want to play. First off, is the body type. You can select many body parts and make them smaller or bigger. Fat guy? Check. Anorexic ♥♥♥♥♥? Check. This is basically the body range you can make. Also, there are many hairstyles to choose from. Think it ends there? Think again. You can make certain parts of the hair shorter or longer! You can also mix up to three color areas on the hair. Want white hair with a sunshine sheen? It's possible!There are also eyes. You can modify the iris, pupil, and pupil shape. You can also make these parts bigger or smaller (well if you want to create a mutant lol). You can choose a range of colors as well. Want two different eye colors? Done! There are also tattoos you can place on your characters face. Again, size, color, and position are your choice. Another thing is skin color. You can choose a range from pale to black to a grayish dark-elf look.Lastly, another unique feature which I have never seen is modifying your character's voice. You can give your character a unique voice using their modification. So you can have a male character with an almost girl-sounding voice, or a female character with a manly voice...if that's your thing.Music:Some of the music is repetitive in a few areas, but overall, it is well done. The game uses an orchestra-style type of music, where it ranges from a relaxing music at the ocean to the upbeat music of a dark dungeon. 8/10. Came across certain tracks I could not stand (Looking at you, Northern Wheat Plantation)Story:This game encourages you to choose your own adventure, so you can explore or make choices on your own. This is good for people who are sick and tired of mmorpgs forcing you to follow a linear story path. The problem is that the only limit of where you can go is by your level, so be careful!However, there is a "main" quest line you can follow. The story is that you wake up in Olvia by a small black spirit guiding you. The Black Spirit's focus is making you stronger and leading it to gain its own power. You will come across adventures and random story scenes occassionally with not much detail, so it's up to you on how you interpret it. (not giving this a rating since it varies)Gameplay:Overall, 8/10. Good but some big problems.Warrior for hire? Done. Gathering to make a living? Sure. Doing errands to make a living? Ok. This game has many possibilities on who you can become. You can focus on your professions for questing or level up, or focus on defeating monsters, or just a mix.There are many professions you can level up on, so you can become a jack-of-all-trades or master of everything if you wish. There is gathering, processing, cooking, hunting, trading, fishing, alchemy, and more!There is also a knowledge system, basically you can be a living encyclopedia. You can gather knowledge from people you meet, monsters you kill, gathering and processing certain items, stories, studies, etc etc etc.There is also a contribution system, basically "call in a favor" to certain npcs or places. With that, you can purchase houses for extra storage, creating factories, or even living in a town.Now, this is a feature that will turn off many players, but it will get better once you keep playing. There is an energy system. This system is used to gather or process items. With low levels, this can take a lot of energy. As you level up though, the amount will decrease. Talking in a server group chat will also decrease your energy. At first, you can level up your energy level by killing monsters. Later on, however, you have to rely on gaining knowledge to raise your energy level. Luckily, there are daily quests available to help you gain some energy for what you lost.The game has an open world pvp system with strict consequences. On the earlier areas, you shouldn't have to worry. Another thing is in order to help someone out, you would have to make a party with them. So, for example, you cannot heal another player if they are in danger. In otherwords, mostly singleplayer until you party up.Economy:The economy is "fixed." Basically, the game sets the maximum and minimum prices on what you sell in the marketplace. This has its pros and cons, but I find it has more benefits so that the players don't rig the marketplace.This game tries hard to combat against currency botters and hoarding items by not including a trading feature. The only way you can get something from someone else is through marketplace. While I am a bit bummed out not able to give someone anything, I can see they mean well. I give this a 7/10.Community:The community depends on who is online and when. It can be toxic, but you have a choice whether to give into the toxicness or trying to put some humanity back in the community. There are decent people and there are toxic people(toxic ones tend to be the loudest by the way). Overall, from my experience, it's a mixed situation.Playability:This may be a concern for some, since this game is a huge jump from the regular games being released nowadays. This game uses a lot of resources due to the details in the game. I have a Nvidia GeForce GTX 760 with 8 gigs of memory and running Windows 7 (yes I get it). I am able to run the game fine except when I get into a huge city full of players. Sometimes, my game freezes randomly. I have to give it a 7/10 on this part. Able to run it nicely with a couple of problems. (I find Olvia to be the least populated place, so I made it my main warehouse and residence there.)Overall:Wow. That was quite a review! Normally I don't make them this long, but with a game like this, there are so many options and so many things to explore and do! In short, Black Desert Online is the next-gen MMORPG that will enertain you for months or even years to come. With so many customization options, choosing who to be, and choosing your own adventure, this mmorpg is your story to make.Pros:-Beautiful graphics-Many professions to level up-Endless possibilities on who you want to be-Customization options???:-Fixed economy-Community-Main story up to your own interpretation-Choosing to follow main story or not. (but recommended for perks)Cons:-Energy system, but improves as you progress.-Few customization options can't be changed.-A lot of resources needed for PC to play game.Final grade:9/10. WHO NEEDS SLEEP?!
aschergoodrich	Not Recommended	46.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198104233370/	installs a rootkit into your computer. No warning about this "anti-cheat" either. ♥♥♥♥ you
Shrapnel Effect	Recommended	128.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kaiknight/	A really good MMO RPG to be played here. Don't let the people crying about pay to win put you off. do some research and you will see its not even much of an issue. The grind gets hard when you get to the soft level caps but its rewarding when you become one of the highest level players. the game is for ever expanding with free expansions that are seriously good so getting your character ready at the needed levels is worth it. Do not rush though the game its not just about getting to max level focus on the other in game factors too. Played this before steam for about 300 hours with 2 characters above level 50 and 2 at level 40. Doing this replay due to not investing points ect into the right places. the game has a deep learning system but once you master if your golden!
tek automata	Recommended	63.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/teknologik/	Wanted to post a positive review to counteract some negative ones. My initial impression is positive especially for the price. It seems playable without at cash shop items at low levels plus the graphics and controls are really good. I skipped this game at launch because I heard it was pay to win.. but people are saying it has gotten much better in that regard.
Nights of Netherworld Neo	Recommended	1,857.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/canella23/	Product received for free
Puff	Recommended	85.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ItsDaPuff/	I have a non-stream account 100+hr it runs pretty well have fun alot and I have been loving it so far great game alot of grind :D 10/10
Cat_A_Tonic	Not Recommended	2.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/AgentArgent/	This game looked great in the trailers and I really wanted to find something new to play. Sadly this game was a huge disappointment.Admittedly I only played it for a few hours, but even pushing through those early hours was a chore.  There was hope that at  somepoint the game would become interesting and engaging, but it never happened.  On the plus side:The game really does look nice.Character customization offers lots of options without being too involved, but it is a little generic, nothing new or exciting.On the negative side:The music is about as annoying as it gets and completely fails to add any atmosphere.  I couldn't wait to turn it off.The UI is more complicated than it needs to be.Game play is very linear, in the early part of the game at least there really are no options to do your own thing or create your own adventure.  The tutorials rehash the most basic of skill like moving and attacking, but more complicated aspects are not covered at all.The combat is ridiculously easy.  Hoping for a challenge we pushed through to our first boss fight, one of our group summoned the boss and we found the rest of us were forced into spectator mode, we need not have worried, he one shot the boss and it was all done and dusted for all of us "quest completed".  It was at this point we stopped playing.
Kazzamkablam	Not Recommended	38.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197964882597/	Game itself is decent and entertaining enough.What bugs me is that they shove microtransactions up your face.Want to loot stuff in timely manner? shove money for it.Want inventory space? shove money for itWant to be able to use the inventory space you bought? Better buy carry weight tooWant advantage in crafting? shove money for itWant to look better? shove money for itBasically game's solution to most problems is to shove more money at it.It even puts store button to screen when you log in that goes away once you log to store. 
Kazzamkablam	Not Recommended	38.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197964882597/	Game itself is decent and entertaining enough.What bugs me is that they shove microtransactions up your face.Want to loot stuff in timely manner? shove money for it.Want inventory space? shove money for itWant to be able to use the inventory space you bought? Better buy carry weight tooWant advantage in crafting? shove money for itWant to look better? shove money for itBasically game's solution to most problems is to shove more money at it.It even puts store button to screen when you log in that goes away once you log to store. 
frederickhxu	Not Recommended	232.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198075514360/	Honestly, the biggest turn-off is the community. Of the several guilds I joined, every single one was either quiet or had some petty argument brewing up, and of course usually devolving into people throwing memes everywhere and chatspamming. It's unfortunate that the one thing you play an MMORPG for, the MASSIVELY MULTIPLAYER ONLINE part, is absolutely squandered by the players themselves. Mapchat is cancer, don't expect to find any help. Scammers are absolutely rampant in this game as well. I've never seen a more poorly handled mailing system. It's just bad.As for the cash shop, pretty much you will crack eventually. Walking back to town overburdened and returning to your grindspot takes about 10-15 minutes in the desert area. In a game where it takes 30+ hours of grinding to go for a single armor or weapon upgrade, you're looking at a LOT of downtime unless you pay for space. Not only that but the simple fact is, without buying pets, the grind time is increased exponentially. It's not so much p2w as it is you want to tear your hair out, and throw 10$ at the screen to save what's left on your scalp.Now here's the thing: It's only 10$. If you want to enjoy the beautiful scenery and the flashy combat for some time before the inconveniences burden you down, go ahead. I think it's worth it if you want a slice of fun. But as an MMO, it's just got too many things weighing it down for the progression to be enjoyable.
eve	Recommended	3,635.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Eveba/	Been playing this game on and off for quite a while. Definitely a good way to spend time every now and then with a gorgeous world and amazing character customization, not to even mention the combat which is really flowy and enjoyable.The few things people often complain about are enchancing gear (it takes time and money but eventually you'll get there. also you do not need the best gear possible to enjoy most parts the game) and the game being p2w; in my opinion most items on the pearl shop offer quality of life improvements and cosmetics, neither of which are necessary. Then again, to a enjoyable 10 euro game, maybe you can invest a few bucks on a pet, a value pack or something else every once in a while.
BoxMan	Not Recommended	15.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/BoxMansCustomUrl/	Became pay 2 win trash
Shit_l0rd	Recommended	0.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/shit_l0rd/	Game crashes upon trying to launch, really hope it gets fixed soonBeen playing through the non-steam version for roughly a week now and even though I'm still a noob I'm loving all the options of what you can do. If you've got 10$ to drop on an MMO I'd defenitely recommend BDO
αsurαmαru.	Recommended	25.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/lyviacera/	---{Graphics}---☐ Masterpiece☑ Beautiful (on a high end pc like mine)☑ Good (if your pc isn't high end)☐ Decent☐ Bad☐ Awful☐ Paint.exe---{Gameplay}--- ☐ Try not to get addicted☐ Very good☑ Good (not unique but not bad either)☐ Nothing special☐ Ehh☐ Bad☐ Just don't---{Audience}--- ☐ Kids☑ Teens (depends on your skill - it can be quite difficult)☑ Adults☐ Everyone---{PC Requirements}--- ☐ Potato☐ Minimum☑ Decent☐ Fast☐ Rich boi☐ NASA---{Difficulity}--- ☐ Just press a bunch of buttons☐ Easy☐ Significant brain usage ☑ Easy to learn / Hard to master (on the lower levels it's easy enough, but the UI takes a while to understand)☑ Not so easy (more difficult as you progress, obviously)☐ Difficult☐ Dark Souls---{Grind}--- ☐ Nothing☐ Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks☐ Isnt necessary to progress☐ A bit grindy sometimes☑ Average grind level (depends on how dedicated you are... most MMORPGs have lots of grind..)☑ Too much grind☑ Insanity (according to some reviewers who've spent a LOT more time in the game than me)---{Story}--- ☐ Doesn't have☐ Twilight☐ Not great☑ Average☐ Good☐ Lovely☐ You will cry.---{Game Time}--- ☐ Long enough for a cup of tea☐ Short☐ Average☐ Long☑ Depends on u☑ Endless (just look at other reviews with 5000+ hours in game..)---{Price}--- ☑ Just buy it (but be aware it's VERY P2W- you'll end up spending real cash at some point)☑ Worth the price☐ Wait for sale☐ Maybe if u have some spare money left☐ Not recommended☐ Dont throw money into a trash can---{Bugs}--- ☑ Never had any (other people have)☐ Minor bugs☐ Few bugs ☐ Can get annoying☐ Ruining the game☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs---{Servers}--- ☐ Thousands of players☑ Generally lots of people around (players are literally everywhere. LIKE ANTS.)☐ Not so easy to find people☐ A few players☐ Barely any soul alive☐ Dead like my insides 
Hobostabbins	Not Recommended	42.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197982599367/	The game itself is a pretty good MMO and I am a fan. Unfortunately the anti-cheat system in this game(Xingcode) is complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. If you have anything running on your computer that this security defines as possibly being meant to interfere in any way with the game, the game will hard crash. This incluides, but is not limited to: your firewall, antivirus, temperature monitoring software, and programs that change mouse sensitivity.Did I mention that XIngcode doesn't stop client side bots and hacks? Yeah.If this game ever gets rid of Xingcode in favor of... anything really, I would recommend it. As it is, avoid it if you don't want to have to turn off all the security on your computer to play a game, only to have it crash anyway because you left your recording software on. EDIT: Since the developer has responded by basically saying "we won't get rid of our utterly useless, invasive, and detrimental anti-cheat, because we don't listen to the community" I will continue to STONGLY ADVISE AGAINST BUYING THIS GAME OR SUPPORTING THE DEVELOPER UNTIL THEY LISTEN TO OVERWHELMING FEEDBACK FROM THE COMMUNITY.EDIT2: There are people honestly defending an anti-cheat that doesn't work and makes the game worse, while there are many similar systems on the market without the overwhelmingly detrimental effects. I am continually amazed by how people will actively promote that a company treat them like♥♥♥♥♥♥
degenerate	Recommended	292.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198245863842/	A Great Game, i've been playing it a lot through the Holidays and have put some Hours in to it. My Family also enjoy it and have their own Characters (they say it was a great choice of Game from  my Steam card) I hope anyone else enjoys it as much as me and i'll defineately recommend it to anyone, (non-RPG or RPG Veterains) and just at a small note may you please not have us pay for pets and things in game, even though we've already Purchased the Game! but other than that an Amazing Game!! (would recommend [again])Graphics:9/10Gameplay:10/10Sound: 9/10Overall:11/10
js	Not Recommended	5,028.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/asdf2444525223/	The worst servers of any game I've ever played. Ever.
Zeropoint101	Not Recommended	480.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/zeropoint101/	Ok, well I just wrote out a long review, then hit the wrong button and lost it all, so this one's going to be shorter. IF you can get past lots of VERY irritating bugs, terrible lag almost always anywhere there are groups of other players(which is where you need to go to do most anything), one of the most... I won't quite say toxic, but just incredibly unhelpful, immature, and just plain strange communities(overall, there are exceptions like any big online games), terrible and often flat-out wrong instructions in-game to use some of the way too obtuse mechanics, and hard-to-find correct information even through google...THEN there actually is a pretty interesting game underneath with some pretty cool unique mechanics, and if you have the hardware to run it properly the game is incredibly good looking. If you're the type who can play half-broken games, or buggy messes in beta because you like the underlying mechanics enough... AND you can deal with obtuse mechanics that aren't explained well at all because, again, you like the core game underneath well enough, then you'll probably enjoy it. Otherwise, seriously, don't waste your money or time. The good stuff is really intriguing, but the bad stuff is REALLY frustrating.EDIT: In case you don't see it in other reviews, this game's anti-cheat system is apparently one of the most invasive pieces of software around. You can read more details elsewhere explained better than I could, but as someone who ignores a lot of warnings I see online about this or that potential danger, this software makes me quite nervous.
degenerate	Recommended	292.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198245863842/	A Great Game, i've been playing it a lot through the Holidays and have put some Hours in to it. My Family also enjoy it and have their own Characters (they say it was a great choice of Game from  my Steam card) I hope anyone else enjoys it as much as me and i'll defineately recommend it to anyone, (non-RPG or RPG Veterains) and just at a small note may you please not have us pay for pets and things in game, even though we've already Purchased the Game! but other than that an Amazing Game!! (would recommend [again])Graphics:9/10Gameplay:10/10Sound: 9/10Overall:11/10
TheDogsButler	Not Recommended	4.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TheDogsButler/	Great graphics, but there is very little action or strategy involved.  The majority of the gameplay is grinding, it's like having a virtual job.  The only good thing is that I bought it on sale.  I usually don't leave negative reviews because different gamers have different taste, but I'm making an exception because this thing lacks substance.
CodeBlink	Not Recommended	6.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/codeblink/	Typical MMO brain-dead game play. Pretty at first, nice combat, that's about it. UI bloat, click-run-complete rinse-repeat MMO recipie.
๓๏гչк๏г	Recommended	11.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/adagio4katsumoto/	And there goes my productivity for this summer.....♥♥♥♥ it
Potahtoh	Recommended	2,229.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198006937102/	Its a great game with a wide range of activities to participate in, although many aspects of the game do take a serious commitment of time and effort, i believe the gameplay and graphics make up for it. Dont be afraid to ask questions within the game or join a guild, it makes the game that much better once you start playing with groups and really understanding the  game. Best of luck if you decide to buy it!
Warney	Recommended	285.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/xyzg/	Level 1-50: The grind is non-existent, I don't see why people complain about the levelling system...Level 50-55: The grind begins, I can sort of see why people complain about the levelling system, but it's enjoyably tough (coming from WoW).Level 55-57: This is where the grind gets tough, when this end you ask, I can now see why people complain about this game's levelling system, also consider resubscribing to WoW.Level 58-60: The grind is the worst it's ever been, you just fail to acknowledge this as you've grown used to this pattern, also hope nobody knows how long this took.Level 60+: Turing Test.All this for the low price of $10 USD (I paid $7 USD), worth a shot.
Pasta Sauce	Not Recommended	2.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198154490956/	This game is just so borring... the combat is repetitive, the way the enimies fight is my least favorite form of combat ever, so lazy. This game feels like such a cash grab...
Fumbles	Not Recommended	1.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Dylanhepp/	Had a lot of fun with the character creation, but once I got in game and saw the eyesore that is the UI I couldn't even play anymore. 2/10 am now blind.
Truepotato	Not Recommended	1.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/truetpotato/	NPCs have 1 line which they keep repeatingQuests linear and boredLeveling up and skills are interesting but not exciting.Graphics great but gameplay meh 5/10
GoldSaw	Not Recommended	115.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TheGoldSaw/	You'll never find a moment where you say to yourself "wow, this is fun." everything is a merciless boring grind to the next objective. I understand that that is MOST mmorpg's... but this game does an exceptional job at making everything so boring to do. VERY pretty. Terrible overall gameplay.
𝖑𝖊𝖔𝖓𝖊𝖓☭	Recommended	31.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/leonenen/	I dont know what im doing. But it is fun. I rate 10/10
jenjithesnail	Recommended	4.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198117363996/	I've been playing BDO on a non-steam account for just over a year now and I would seriously recommend trying it out. :) The combat is very fluid and there are multiple classes to accomodate your style - try them all out!What I love the most about BDO is how in-depth you can get with the life skills. There are so many different ways of progressing in this game and making silver without the need for grinding.It's nice how the game gives you freedom to choose how you want to play pretty much straight away! You're not forced to do certain quests to progress throughout the game and you can really just immerse yourself in the BDO world.The graphics are really lovely and it's fun just running around, trying to grab a sunset or finding a nice spot to take screenshots. This game can be very relaxing if you're not in a rush to get the best gear or be the highest level player and I really appreciate that. :)If you're unsure whether you would like to purchase the game or not, you could always pick up a free 7-day trial account from their main site. I would also recommend reviewing some of the guides here https://www.reddit.com/r/blackdesertonline/comments/5w0tca/newreturning_player_guides/ 
js	Not Recommended	5,028.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/asdf2444525223/	The worst servers of any game I've ever played. Ever.
M@cek	Not Recommended	849.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198061461264/	I am disappointed. Time to leave sinking ship
Manoa Jon	Not Recommended	5.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/manoa_jon/	I really want to like this game, however, it's just not fun anymore. Too much grinding and too much p2w aspects. I wish I played this when it first got popular
abbrakadagger	Not Recommended	9.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/abbrakadagger/	Product received for free
Jig	Not Recommended	35.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198332774145/	With great power comes great  responsibility. They could've make something extraordinary, but at the end it became a fancy wending machine nothing more.
Ace Havoc	Not Recommended	0.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198013476128/	Too bad couldv'e had potential. Played a while back, thought I'd reinstall during a free weekend only to find i have to make a new login and my old email is still in the system and they wont delete acocunts.♥♥♥♥♥♥COMPANY! DEAD GAME!
Mr.Bopo	Not Recommended	33.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/b0st0n-gaming/	Product received for free
Runika	Not Recommended	367.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198029917521/	I tried to get into this game, I really did. Not because I had a crying need for a timesink, just wanted to see what people saw in it. In the end I maintain BDO does nothing another game hasn't already done better. Granted I never made it anywhere near end game - after a three digit number of hours in playtime I still hadn't found anything compelling about BDO so I quit.What is touted as best evarCharacter Creation - nothing new under the sun, or even the most freeform one I've seen. Good luck making a western looking kunoichi, for instance. Oh and yes - all classes are genderlocked, even the seemingly similar have some gender-specific tricks.Fluid combat - I tried several classes to see which one would play the way I like. Quickly found that regardless of class, most mobs die easy enough with getting behind them and keeping left mouse button pressed down. Exciting!Crafting - get the mats, use a workbench, get the standard thing. Just like in any MMO since WoW. Oh but this time you can also use NPC slave labor to do the crafting for you! So long as you provide housing and still get the materials either in person or through establishing a trade route by connecting nodes. I suppose some people get their jollies from virtual market speculation.Graphics - They are very pretty. Not much to say about art direction. Skin texture seems to go from 'baby butt smooth' straight to 'slathered in vaseline', which is rather peculiar.It's a sandbox game - Which is something I normally like. Then again your usual sandbox can be affected by the player in some meaningful way: building towns, terraforming, creating items you couldn't otherwise get. In BDO all you do is just to make money, and the only uses for that money are maintaining what you already have or the RNG roulette of enchanting. Now there's a lot that generally isn't mentionedUI - Convoluted to the point I start to wonder if it's deliberate to push some cash shop quality of life -items. In general expect to spend around 60% of your time managing inventory. Did I mention currency has a weight too? You *can* increase your weight limit in-game by slowly walking between trade nodes with a heavy backpack. Or just buy upgrades from the cash shop. Difficulty - Non-existant, PvE wise. Only time the mobs pose a threat is if you actually try to stop and loot what they drop, because in true Korean MMO fashion they respawn within seconds. Of course, that's why there are these handy cash shop pets for autolooting after you...PvP - Don't like it? Tough. At level 50 you're flagged for it either way, so either you deliberately stay level 49 or risk getting ganked by some bored player any time or getting killed for occupying their farming spot.Character development - it's not really there. Two players of the same class might have slightly different stats but there are no real skill trees or specs. You just put points into tiny passive increments or special skills you hardly ever need to use. Whenever someone asks for advice with given class, it's always about which armor set to use. And the gear does diddly squat until you get into enchanting it, speaking ofEnchanting - Even those who like the game will agree it's♥♥♥♥♥♥ It's RNG with one small adjustment of 'fail stacks': fail in ecnhanting several times in a row and your probability for the next one to succeed improves. I would not be surprised to find this mechanic doesn't really exist.Engrish - the translation is hilariously bad. Sure most people won't read quest text anyway, but there were few instances where I actually couldn't tell what was expected of me. Nobody cares about the quality of story anyway - it's a 'sandbox' after all, meaning we're supposed to make our own fun with it.Trading between players - considering most players spend vast majority of their time farming money anyway, you'd think they put more thought into the auction system. There's a reason the notifications for every last auction event are on by default (have fun turning them off and seeing how long it takes for them to actually go away btw). As what I can only guess is supposed to be an anti-goldfarming measure, most auction items can't be priced outside the average prices offered for them. Then players bid for them and - here's the real kicker - the winner of the bid is decided by some invicible dice roll. There's a reason there are cash shop maids you can set to keep lookout for deals for you.TLDR (so why are you even here?); I was prepared for a slowburner that involved a lot of grinding. Heck, I was prepared for cash shop up the wazoo. I wasn't prepared for an RPG with the depth of a paddling pool and a sandbox game that doesn't let you leave a mark on it's world. The only appeal left was the game was pretty. For me, that's not enough.
Aijian	Not Recommended	9,049.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197967399701/	piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game don't play
Верный	Not Recommended	4,793.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/EstElohim/	The latest boss patch changes as dated 30/05/2018 have made it almost impossible for average aussie players working normal hour jobs to even do bosses for endgame gear. This screws over alot of aussies as well as other people who work odd hours and can't be at their computer for the times. I can no longer recommend this game for any Australian players due to this absolutely ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ move by the devs to pull this type of stunts.
b0ltz12	Recommended	2,119.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198120784412/	Realy good game, totally worth the money.
apoktaino	Not Recommended	23.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197970853534/	Do you like to grind? if your answer is yes then this might be for you. for 10 bucks it'll kill a weekend. but  I can't recomend it otherwise
BiriSora	Not Recommended	591.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/birisora/	Welcome to a great idle simulator where you can make progress even when AFK!What sucks is that your game needs to actually be running for your workers or anything to get accomplished away from comp. (I wonder why my electricity bill been pretty high?) There's quite a lot to do and most of the cash shop items can be bought with in game currency so it's not completely p2w, though it does expediate convenience by a lot (would be in the cons later)PROs:- A lot of places/people to explore and talk to - A lot of random minigames that some may like (fishing, catching horses, talking to npc, milking cows (I hate) ...)- I like the combat a lot, reminds me of Tera - sceneries looks nice (though I do have to run on lowest settings with my potato of a computer)- Can play the game at your own pace with combat or life skills (I spent more time life skilling than grinding)- Joining a nice guild can make the game more enjoyable- I like how online you can find guides on useful knowledge like leveling, classes, how to trade, build epheria sailboat and etc. Great feeling when that 1 month project is finally completed.CONs:- Enhancing is some of the biggest BS I ever encountered. Exploding accessories sure makes you feel great for the holiday season.- The game did warn you at level 50+ you can now pk other 50+ players and get PKed :) Nice to have fun grinding a bit then some high gear player comes by and pk you for fun or for your grind spot.It doesn't happen often but it does sour your mood immensely.- Really grindy, be warned, but all games of this type is grindy by nature so you either like it or you don't :)- some events lies/muddle about their contents:e,g. Raining mem fragments... I get a mem fragment after 6 hrs of fishinge.g. monster boxes didnt specify you can smash them together or not, and they all have the same abilities. On that note, monster boxes are random gacha for random pet of various tiers just introduced and yknow how that goes... T1 for you, T1 for me, and some lucky guy gets a T4 on first box.- Cash shop items do have some really convenient things that you don't need to have, but really want. Like:pets to loot for you to make the most gold for your time. Weight and inventory increases and the 30/90 days packs- after a certain point it really does become really repetitive especially if you have all a decent end game gear and started on your trading/workers empire (for me though)- Some people may not like genderlocked classes (I'm fine with any as long as the class is fun to play)- Can get super laggy and well sometimes you come back to a dead horse/character :)- Bidding for some really nice things on the market is really hard (RNG, luck of the lottery)Overall, would I recommend the game?It really depends if you're a loner masochist, have friends to play with, or whatever reasons you have.So I'd recommend playing the trial or just get an interested friend to play with. Pretty overwhelming at the beginning when you play by yourself.I only played for a measely ~600 hrs, with at least half or more as AFK time so hopefully my opinions is somewhat valid.I decided to mostly stop playing now. Might come back to some big events but otherwise I'm gone :)
Chaos Energy	Not Recommended	1,404.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/osdamv/	EDIT: Quoting the CM Serenity"many of the items from our shop can be purchased via the in-game Marketplace, or found in the Loyalty Store."Key word many, there is a ton of items just for paying costumers, and their solutions is put in the marketplace a system pure RNG to win the item, in other words there is a ton of items in the cash shop, and just some can be won by some user selling it in the cash shop. the loyality system is a joke you need log in 35 days to win a weight item, and there is no costumes or pets in that currency ProGood combatDeep economy systemGood class designA lot of updatesConsCash shop, at the moment is not pay 2 win but is in a slippery slope, the game right now looks like a mobile game,The game is fun, but i can not recommend this game until they offer the ability to buy the cash shop items with in game currency, at the moment some content is blocked even if you pay for the game
MetalDragon	Not Recommended	1,150.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Metaldragon/	don't do it it's a trap designed to suck your money and your time
DaScout12	Recommended	33.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/UltimusNexus/	Game is great only played for 7 hours the combat is fun and ITS 6 DOLLARS AT RELEASE?!
CrmnlDmg	Not Recommended	2,616.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198146928574/	please dont buy this game, its worthless, its full p2w and you will only love it until you reach the point where u are stuck and you keep repeating the stuff u do to try to progress in this cancerous game, i personally, hope this game dies, i dont know why im still playing it, i came back after a break again, please help with letting this game die and dont buy it, the 5 or 10 euros u pay in the beginning isnt the only money you will spend, you will spend atleast 60 more euros in this game to play it properly
Timelyfashions	Not Recommended	52.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/s-i-f-e/	Grindfest, everything takes too long, somewhat P2W.
BiriSora	Not Recommended	591.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/birisora/	Welcome to a great idle simulator where you can make progress even when AFK!What sucks is that your game needs to actually be running for your workers or anything to get accomplished away from comp. (I wonder why my electricity bill been pretty high?) There's quite a lot to do and most of the cash shop items can be bought with in game currency so it's not completely p2w, though it does expediate convenience by a lot (would be in the cons later)PROs:- A lot of places/people to explore and talk to - A lot of random minigames that some may like (fishing, catching horses, talking to npc, milking cows (I hate) ...)- I like the combat a lot, reminds me of Tera - sceneries looks nice (though I do have to run on lowest settings with my potato of a computer)- Can play the game at your own pace with combat or life skills (I spent more time life skilling than grinding)- Joining a nice guild can make the game more enjoyable- I like how online you can find guides on useful knowledge like leveling, classes, how to trade, build epheria sailboat and etc. Great feeling when that 1 month project is finally completed.CONs:- Enhancing is some of the biggest BS I ever encountered. Exploding accessories sure makes you feel great for the holiday season.- The game did warn you at level 50+ you can now pk other 50+ players and get PKed :) Nice to have fun grinding a bit then some high gear player comes by and pk you for fun or for your grind spot.It doesn't happen often but it does sour your mood immensely.- Really grindy, be warned, but all games of this type is grindy by nature so you either like it or you don't :)- some events lies/muddle about their contents:e,g. Raining mem fragments... I get a mem fragment after 6 hrs of fishinge.g. monster boxes didnt specify you can smash them together or not, and they all have the same abilities. On that note, monster boxes are random gacha for random pet of various tiers just introduced and yknow how that goes... T1 for you, T1 for me, and some lucky guy gets a T4 on first box.- Cash shop items do have some really convenient things that you don't need to have, but really want. Like:pets to loot for you to make the most gold for your time. Weight and inventory increases and the 30/90 days packs- after a certain point it really does become really repetitive especially if you have all a decent end game gear and started on your trading/workers empire (for me though)- Some people may not like genderlocked classes (I'm fine with any as long as the class is fun to play)- Can get super laggy and well sometimes you come back to a dead horse/character :)- Bidding for some really nice things on the market is really hard (RNG, luck of the lottery)Overall, would I recommend the game?It really depends if you're a loner masochist, have friends to play with, or whatever reasons you have.So I'd recommend playing the trial or just get an interested friend to play with. Pretty overwhelming at the beginning when you play by yourself.I only played for a measely ~600 hrs, with at least half or more as AFK time so hopefully my opinions is somewhat valid.I decided to mostly stop playing now. Might come back to some big events but otherwise I'm gone :)
Coconut	Not Recommended	1,765.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198081479945/	immersive 500h of AFK and another 300h of walking.3/10 would refund if i could
Aijian	Not Recommended	9,049.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197967399701/	piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game don't play
Multihack	Not Recommended	737.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Multihack/	Good game but it does suffer from one big flaw: Trading.The trading in the game is hindered to prevent gold farmers from making money - there's no private trade, and every auctioned item is sold at a 35% loss.You can't mail items either. And if that wasn't bad enough every item is locked in a price bracket, and you may never, ever, ever get more money for an item than the price bracket!This is an elaborate alternative to "everything is souldbound" games, but essentially it's even worse because it would take players a while to figure our that when trading is concerned this is a single player game.If you don't consdier the above a flaw you'll enjoy yourself.
๓๏гչк๏г	Recommended	11.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/adagio4katsumoto/	And there goes my productivity for this summer.....♥♥♥♥ it
眨	Not Recommended	21.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/k2pubg/	2016 No mans sky but more repetitive.
Truepotato	Not Recommended	1.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/truetpotato/	NPCs have 1 line which they keep repeatingQuests linear and boredLeveling up and skills are interesting but not exciting.Graphics great but gameplay meh 5/10
GoldSaw	Not Recommended	115.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TheGoldSaw/	You'll never find a moment where you say to yourself "wow, this is fun." everything is a merciless boring grind to the next objective. I understand that that is MOST mmorpg's... but this game does an exceptional job at making everything so boring to do. VERY pretty. Terrible overall gameplay.
M@cek	Not Recommended	849.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198061461264/	I am disappointed. Time to leave sinking ship
Timelyfashions	Not Recommended	52.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/s-i-f-e/	Grindfest, everything takes too long, somewhat P2W.
Chaos Energy	Not Recommended	1,404.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/osdamv/	EDIT: Quoting the CM Serenity"many of the items from our shop can be purchased via the in-game Marketplace, or found in the Loyalty Store."Key word many, there is a ton of items just for paying costumers, and their solutions is put in the marketplace a system pure RNG to win the item, in other words there is a ton of items in the cash shop, and just some can be won by some user selling it in the cash shop. the loyality system is a joke you need log in 35 days to win a weight item, and there is no costumes or pets in that currency ProGood combatDeep economy systemGood class designA lot of updatesConsCash shop, at the moment is not pay 2 win but is in a slippery slope, the game right now looks like a mobile game,The game is fun, but i can not recommend this game until they offer the ability to buy the cash shop items with in game currency, at the moment some content is blocked even if you pay for the game
apoktaino	Not Recommended	23.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197970853534/	Do you like to grind? if your answer is yes then this might be for you. for 10 bucks it'll kill a weekend. but  I can't recomend it otherwise
Jig	Not Recommended	35.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198332774145/	With great power comes great  responsibility. They could've make something extraordinary, but at the end it became a fancy wending machine nothing more.
Mr.Bopo	Not Recommended	33.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/b0st0n-gaming/	Product received for free
Runika	Not Recommended	367.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198029917521/	I tried to get into this game, I really did. Not because I had a crying need for a timesink, just wanted to see what people saw in it. In the end I maintain BDO does nothing another game hasn't already done better. Granted I never made it anywhere near end game - after a three digit number of hours in playtime I still hadn't found anything compelling about BDO so I quit.What is touted as best evarCharacter Creation - nothing new under the sun, or even the most freeform one I've seen. Good luck making a western looking kunoichi, for instance. Oh and yes - all classes are genderlocked, even the seemingly similar have some gender-specific tricks.Fluid combat - I tried several classes to see which one would play the way I like. Quickly found that regardless of class, most mobs die easy enough with getting behind them and keeping left mouse button pressed down. Exciting!Crafting - get the mats, use a workbench, get the standard thing. Just like in any MMO since WoW. Oh but this time you can also use NPC slave labor to do the crafting for you! So long as you provide housing and still get the materials either in person or through establishing a trade route by connecting nodes. I suppose some people get their jollies from virtual market speculation.Graphics - They are very pretty. Not much to say about art direction. Skin texture seems to go from 'baby butt smooth' straight to 'slathered in vaseline', which is rather peculiar.It's a sandbox game - Which is something I normally like. Then again your usual sandbox can be affected by the player in some meaningful way: building towns, terraforming, creating items you couldn't otherwise get. In BDO all you do is just to make money, and the only uses for that money are maintaining what you already have or the RNG roulette of enchanting. Now there's a lot that generally isn't mentionedUI - Convoluted to the point I start to wonder if it's deliberate to push some cash shop quality of life -items. In general expect to spend around 60% of your time managing inventory. Did I mention currency has a weight too? You *can* increase your weight limit in-game by slowly walking between trade nodes with a heavy backpack. Or just buy upgrades from the cash shop. Difficulty - Non-existant, PvE wise. Only time the mobs pose a threat is if you actually try to stop and loot what they drop, because in true Korean MMO fashion they respawn within seconds. Of course, that's why there are these handy cash shop pets for autolooting after you...PvP - Don't like it? Tough. At level 50 you're flagged for it either way, so either you deliberately stay level 49 or risk getting ganked by some bored player any time or getting killed for occupying their farming spot.Character development - it's not really there. Two players of the same class might have slightly different stats but there are no real skill trees or specs. You just put points into tiny passive increments or special skills you hardly ever need to use. Whenever someone asks for advice with given class, it's always about which armor set to use. And the gear does diddly squat until you get into enchanting it, speaking ofEnchanting - Even those who like the game will agree it's♥♥♥♥♥♥ It's RNG with one small adjustment of 'fail stacks': fail in ecnhanting several times in a row and your probability for the next one to succeed improves. I would not be surprised to find this mechanic doesn't really exist.Engrish - the translation is hilariously bad. Sure most people won't read quest text anyway, but there were few instances where I actually couldn't tell what was expected of me. Nobody cares about the quality of story anyway - it's a 'sandbox' after all, meaning we're supposed to make our own fun with it.Trading between players - considering most players spend vast majority of their time farming money anyway, you'd think they put more thought into the auction system. There's a reason the notifications for every last auction event are on by default (have fun turning them off and seeing how long it takes for them to actually go away btw). As what I can only guess is supposed to be an anti-goldfarming measure, most auction items can't be priced outside the average prices offered for them. Then players bid for them and - here's the real kicker - the winner of the bid is decided by some invicible dice roll. There's a reason there are cash shop maids you can set to keep lookout for deals for you.TLDR (so why are you even here?); I was prepared for a slowburner that involved a lot of grinding. Heck, I was prepared for cash shop up the wazoo. I wasn't prepared for an RPG with the depth of a paddling pool and a sandbox game that doesn't let you leave a mark on it's world. The only appeal left was the game was pretty. For me, that's not enough.
Ace Havoc	Not Recommended	0.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198013476128/	Too bad couldv'e had potential. Played a while back, thought I'd reinstall during a free weekend only to find i have to make a new login and my old email is still in the system and they wont delete acocunts.♥♥♥♥♥♥COMPANY! DEAD GAME!
Red Guardian ☭	Not Recommended	327.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ComradeRedGuardian/	After contacting support about why my dye palette wasn't working, I was told the dye palette is only functional when it's active on a person's account. ...Sweet baby jesus. Here we go with the review. Here's a little expanded version of my reply to their support ticket:There's literally a paywall for everything in this game. You'd think they'd just charge a decent amount of money for the game up front and be honest about what the game is and offer the majority of basic cosmetics and functional stuff at no cost other than in-game currency. Shouldn't have to pay some ♥♥♥♥ing exorbitant amount of money just to get some slumpy dump of a chance of dyes to just color a costume I paid actual cash for. This is ridiculous, I'm twenty-six years old and I know none of you folks had to deal with this paywall stuff growing up when you played games, assuming any of you did ever play a game. I can understand charging cash for costumes and the sort for the extra cash coming into the game keeps the devs rent paid, but really the dyes? I'm think I'm gonna be done soon here and stop recommending this game to folks. This game is a digital casino and I hope it falls into the same categorical imperative that EA did with its lootbox scandal. You know, where the developers at Arenanet made their game playable and enjoyable while still offering premium costumes and some limited functional items, the game never felt totally necessary to get the expanded stuff, they offered dye application free and it felt rewarding when you earned the gold to dye it. Your game drops the ball on this by having to charge for the most basic of aesthetics and functionalities by putting up paywall barriers at almost every corner. This game is capitalism enshrined and I don't really see improvements to the gameplay being rolled out as I'm currently at level 56 as a warrior and it seems the only real way to climb up out of the rut is to use an awakening weapon which I did not start with nor did I have interest ever using but will probably be forced to using out of functionality in the game's linear design that doesn't offer the player much choice in advancing. So I can't even give you props on giving players options in what is supposed to be a mmorpg, a genre that is sort of set by 2018 to give players variety even within their own class instead of a linear singular development you'd experience in a single-player offline rpg. You do great with the combat system itself but flaw in the area of offering diversity in what is viable to use for combat. That's my rant, take it for what you wish. Constructively, or a sole critical point in the game. But from what I am seeing, I'm not the only unsatisfied with the blatant casinoization of the video game industry under capitalism and this game, like Star Wars Battlefront 2, is just another reason why we need Communism in the west.
Mythic	Recommended	41.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mythicisreallycool/	you can give your character lingerie and see-through dressesgame of the year
Zenamoth	Recommended	1,359.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198138603364/	Love this game 10/10 charming and beautiful
Valar_Morghulis	Recommended	79.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198085285167/	Wow what an Addictive Game! I'm not a MMO Player but this Holy FK. Love it!Recommed Best 6eur i Invested so far!
Mr.Governator	Recommended	12.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198065641741/	I've played MMOs since my childhood. Recently, I've been playing WoW, but I wanted something different. I tried ESO, Neverwinter... You name it. I had heard whispers of this game, but it wasn't on steam nor was it in the U.S. I was suprised to see it on steam, so I gave it a try. This game has killed a long lasting WoW addiction. I now just want to play this... The combat is excellent, gameplay depth is nice, graphics are beautiful. To put this review in number terms: 9/10
Pika	Not Recommended	0.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/MrMaoMaMao/	Product received for free
Viraldi	Not Recommended	6,183.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Viraldi/	 I do not get burnt out from MMOs, but this game is a casino and not good for the soul First Impressions The story is Mediah ( Judea ) uses trading to take advantage of two cities at warThis has the best character customisation, but lacks wardrobe visual progression The notifications kills immersion, which you should set off The user interface is not completely customisable, but they can be set offThere are some quests or knowledge only obtainable during nighttime in-gameThere are activities which require lots of energy, reminding you of FarmvilleThe contribution points are used to invest in gathering nodes or city housesThe amity minigame with NPCs consumes a lot of energy if no solutionThe deaths of your horse in combat zones will affect the quality of the foalThe horse market [ and workers ] lacks bidding, which enables impulsive purchasesThe pets, weights, outfits, maids, etc. are almost necessary to enjoy the gameThere are P2W elements: Value Pack [ reduced marketplace tax ] and Artisan memoriesThe combat gameplay is intuitive, but PvP revolves around the best-in-slot gearThis lets you profit from AFK lifeskills, unlike some MMOs riddled with botsThe armor and weapon tiers are as follows: +0 to +15, then PRI, DUO, TRI, TET, PEN ( I, II, III, IV, V ); armor tiers +0 through +7, and weapon tiers +0 to +5, are risk free from reduced max durability when enhancingThere is a distinction between repairing durability ( costs silver ) and recovering max durability ( requires base gear, memory fragments or artisan memories ) which is serviced by any blacksmithThe accessory tiers skip +1 to +15, goes from base +0 to PRI, DUO, TRI, TET, PENThe black stones are used to enhance armor and weapons from +0 to +15, concentrated magical black stones [ CMBS ] are used to enhance above +15; if enhancing DUO to TRI, TRI to TET, or TET to PEN fails, you always downgrade by one tierThe failed enhancements of any gear accrues protection from bad luck, in a sense, by +1 [ +3 with CMBS ] in which your next enhancement, if done efficiently, may successfully enhance another gear, with RNG considered; this introduces the failstacking method  RNG / Issues There is an element of RNG in gear progression: you could lose billions in assets, ultimately time spent, in trying to upgrade one single part of your gear, quite noticeably with accessories; for example, use +0 base accessory to upgrade the same type of accessory or fail and lose both; to get a better sense of loss: [ +0 Ring of Crescent Guardian costs ~40M; V PEN: Ring of Crescent Guardian costs ~6.9B ]There is an element of RNG in horsebreeding: you might get lousy skills as you level up a horse you have tamed or trained for weeks, or a horsebreed that cannot obtain staple skills, such as instant acceleration, drift, and s: instant acceleration;There is an element of RNG in amity minigame: there is a chance to trigger the worst requirements [ consecutive failures ] which, if unmet, will use energy for no amity gain;There is an element of RNG in quest drops: there is a small % drop chance for quest items that may keep you in one area for hours to complete, [ smaller % if you are male character ] in Valencia questline;There is an element of RNG in crystal losses: there is a chance to lose expensive gems on death by PvE mobs or bandits;There is an element of RNG ( possibly wrong ) in gear tier drops: there is a chance to drop a tier in accessories ( possibly wrong ) or weapons and armor if you have negative karma ( possibly wrong )  and  died by PvE mobs or bandits;There is an element of RNG in workers: there is 1 in 1,000 probability to hire an Artisan [ hopefully Human or Goblin ] worker from the worker NPC, with 5 energy required to view another worker contract; there is a big chance to fail promotions from Professional to Artisan,  [ only one worker at a time can undergo the promotion ] which takes up 24 hours, even if you hit level 25 [ that takes days to reach ] to reduce failure; and there is RNG for worker skill changes which are allowed at level 30.5;There is an element of RNG in bargaining traders: you consume energy to play the minigame to sell trade items for a profit by tipping the scales in balance;There is an element of RNG in marketplace: sometimes items go through [ highest bidder wins ] preorder phase, which skips the bid phase for players to enter the lottery; if not, the fastest click [ hence: lag ] will win post-bid phase;There is an element of RNG in permastats: for the sake of diversity, stats will always be different; if you create two of the same classes, one may receive fewer gain [ HP/WP/MP/SP ] per level, but also hidden stats to compensate;This game heavily punishes you on PvE deaths ( usually AFK ) at higher levels; for example, 1% at level 61, [ uncontested rotation, efficient mobs, best buffs, etc. considered ] is about 8 to 16 hours of mob grinding that you lose;The Ghillie outfit, exclusive cash shop item, is a camouflage that hides player names even during PvP, and Diving Suit is probably necessary to complete Margoria questlines;The Value Pack and pets can be sold and bought from in-game marketplace, but not the costumes, all outfits, inventory expansions, elion's tear, weight limit increase, maids, storage expansions, worker lodging expansions, etc. which provide advantages and conveniences that reduces contribution point usage;The marketplace lag is already stressful with bidding system, which prevents players from purchasing old items until the cheapest items in bidding phase has ended;The user interface for friends list ( and others ) is dreadful: you do not know in which current channel your friends are, etc. Suggestions This is based on my limited* activities to benefit meI would like my workers to recover stamina [ beer ] on their own from the storageI want lifeskills, weights, inventory expansions, etc. to be account wideI want materials being processed sent to storage, not inventory, if using the Karki SuitI would like the removal of EXP or crystal loss on PVE deathsI think every purchasable cash shop item ought to be sellable on marketplace I would love to upgrade accessories with blackstones [ not risking a base accessory ]I would love to upgrade lifeskilling clothes with blackstones [ same as above ]I would love to upgrade armor and weapons with no risk of dropping tiersI need the removal of every hidden stat [ or reveal them ] to foster build diversityI want the removal of the marketplace tax 20% increase [ due to no value pack ]I would love to promote up to 10 workers at a timeI would love to buy Black Spirit Essence [ function: extract crystals ] and reservation coupons [ function: change names ] from marketplaceI would love to see Valencia buffs for NA serverI would love to see new content: great hammer class, [ crossbows ] arbalests, [ giant rams and war bears ] new mounts, master workers, second awakening, QoL changes, UI overhauls, sailing improvements, etc.*I have not extensively touched guilds, conquests, or node wars, [ strictly P2W ] housing, training, farming, sailing, hunting, or alchemy.I love the AFK lifeskilling, auto-pathing, node management, mob grinding fests, RNG loots, and 1v1 PvP,  but I 99.9% think the issues will not be addressed and half the suggestions will never happen, so I might quit within 2 to 3 months. I heard we were promised to catch up at the beginning of this year, but we are behind eight months of content, because of marketing strategies.tl;dr MMORNG 
Skywere	Recommended	3,187.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/skywere/	I really liked the game, it's the second most played game in my libary and it's totally worth the money.If you like grinding mobs, cooking, horse training, fishing etc. this game will be perfect for you.Tough to learn but with some time invested in YouTube video's it shouldn't take much time to understand everything you need.Ill reccomend buying, in my opinion it's great to pour some time in it when you have nothing to play (playing with friends is a huge advantage)Be prepared to put in some cash shop money too.
TQuin	Not Recommended	3,145.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TQuin/	Follow-up from 11-15-17:I still love so much about this game, but there are still major flaws in the Steam release and otherwise that continue unaddressed and may never be corrected.  The achievements have been long-term broken.  When asked, their support gave a "we'll fix it when we fix it" answer.  There are guest passes sold with the packages that allow for an exclusive title and pet in the non-Steam release but are completely unavailable for Steam users.  These features are so easy to address, but continue to be ignored.  On the bright side, some of the gripes I listed previously have been addressed and I'm very thankful for that.  But at the end of the day, no matter how badly I want to recommend this game, I can't sign off on a release with broken features that are being ignored by the developer.  The instant these things are corrected, I'll flip my review to positive.As an aside, the dye system in the game is more of the lootbox lotto ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t you see popping up everywhere, unpredictable, unbelievably expensive, and a pathetically cheap cash grab.  This is something that has been broken for so long that they can't fix it now because it will cause the players who sunk irresponsible amounts of money in to it (because they have a behavioral health issue) to band together and form a riot.  Can't be fixed, won't be fixed, so it doesn't influence my review per se, but it's worth mentioning.Original Review:I know I'm going to get no end of hate for this, but I'll start by saying I really like this game.  I've been a fan for a long time.  It has some deal breakers that I can't overlook.  I fully intend to change this review to positive if I see these issues addressed, but until then, the experience is a little too rough around the edges.  So know that if you♥♥♥♥♥♥on me, you're ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ on someone who likes this game and is interested in encouraging other people to play.There are PVP arenas scattered throughout the world that are in no way labelled and provide no warning upon entry.  You run in to one of these early on and if you don't know what it is or why it's there, a swarm of creeps will follow you in and murder you.  That's all good and well IF you knew where you were and what the intended purpose was, but short of that, this is♥♥♥♥♥♥poor planning for a game that is otherwise pretty well thought out.My other major gripe is that every server is packed with players the majority of whom are AFK clustered around a body of water auto fishing or clustered around a storage area processing materials.  This causes server load problems and also looks like♥♥♥♥♥♥  It looks like the goddamn woodstock of fishing/crafting, which sounds like an interesting concept for a game on it's own, but that's not the intended purpose of this game or at least the publisher has not intentionally billed it as such.Lastly, this is a personal interest and so not really as significant as the two aforementioned issues, but the thing I've never enjoyed about MMOs is the first M.  I don't like people enough to want many of them around.  I've got friends who I play games with, but I'm not interested in strangers and making friends with them.  It would be nice if there was a cluster of casual player servers restricted to people who play less than 60~72 hours per week.  This would be a nice feature for people who appreciate a game like this for the experience but find servers crowded with grind-centric players to be off putting and immersion breaking.As an aside, if The Goddamn Woodstock of Fishing is ever created, will buy no questions asked.!!!UPDATE!!!My response to the developer's reply:Thanks for the offer, but in my experience suggestion forums are a trolling ground for fanboys looking to pick a fight.  That's a waste of my time.  A negative impact on your overall review score puts substantially more of a burden on you to take responsibility.  Regardless, thanks for your friendly reply.!!!UPDATE TO THE UPDATE!!!The developer addressed some of the PVP and Woodstock of fishing issues.  Bravo!  Fix Steam achievements and guest passes and we'll be all set.  The dye system will persist to be unforgivable, but I can overlook that even if I don't like to.
Gnollmar	Not Recommended	334.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197989186943/	This game is great, its a lot to do, you can be casual or hardcore and still be important to your guild etc. lots of fun and enjoyment in this game ... so why am i not recommending it?Well, this game is very much based on different things you can afk etc. while away. This in itself is not a bad thing.WHat IS a bad thing thogh, is the ridicolous amount of disconnects, tiny updates leading to disconnects etc.As long as this doesn't get fixed, I will not be able to recommend the game. It IS a great game though, so kinda sad.
Koalaburrr	Not Recommended	203.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198086903775/	After 200hrs+ of this game I can say this is NOT for casual players.Pros:-Most in-depth customization for a character in any mmorpg-Graphically impressive-Combat system is nice-Classes feel uniqueCons:-This game is P2W    - I don't care what anyone who plays this game says, this IS P2W. Why? People argue "Ohhh its pay for convenience        thats not P2W". P2W is not going in the cash shop and buying gear. *P2W IS SPENDING IN REAL LIFE MONEY TO        GAIN AN ADVANTAGE OVER A NON-PAYING PLAYER.* If I can go in the cash shop, spend $40 on 4 pets, buy that        expensive♥♥♥♥♥value pack for another $30+, spend another $20+ on inventory and weight increasing because I really        enjoy playing this game but I can't farm consecutively and continuously because of these restrictions. Ya know what I        just got paid let me throw $60 in this game and gain an easy 60mil+ from costumes. And ALL of these wonderful        options are on top of the base game price that you already bought whether its $10 or $40. Why do I need to keep        buying the game after I already bought it? There are mmos that offer items and dlc that you absolutely DON'T NEED        like ESO. How do I know you don't need any DLC or cash shop items in ESO? Because I've played ESO and all of my        end game gear is from the open world base game content or from the dungeons ALREADY INCLUDED within the base        game. I should NOT feel the need to keep buying the game after I already bought it.          -Pets: You NEED pets to pick up loot. Why? Because when you grind and farm mobs you pull a big group of mobs.                      But lets put this into a mathematical perspective. Lets say every 7secs you killed a group of mobs and it                      takes 6-10secs/min to pick up loot after you killed a group (no dramatization). That's atleast 48secs of                      grabbing loot added on top of a 56 secs of killing mobs. BUT with pets they grab all the loot for you and its                      nearly impossible to buy a pet from the marketplace because it's you and 100s of other people trying to                      grab that 1 pet.            - Cash Shop: Someone can easily drop $100 on this game and sell costumes and pets on the cash shop then make               100mil+ silver.-Hardcore grinding   - This game requires an insane amount of farming and grinding. I've easily spent 60hrs+ farming and I don't even feel       like I've progressed anywhere or at all for that matter. I was farming so much I began to wonder "When can I even       enjoy this game?" or "When does the game start?" Get on FARM, go to sleep AFK FARM, join a guild THEN FARM       SOME MORE. I have no problem farming at all but when I AM FORCED to spend every moment in this game farming I       can't deal with it anymore.-No visual gear progression, all of the combat gear is ugly so everyone practically has 1/8 costumes from the cash shop.-VAST WORLD with NO CONTENT   - There is absolutely no content in such a huge game. This game has the most bland PvE I've ever seen in such a big       world.-RNG   - RNG absolutely kills this game. RNG farming, RNG gear progression, and RNG marketplace.        - Farming. RNG drop rate, simple as that.        - Enhancing. There are 20min+ youtube videos on building fail stacks and enhancing your gear. WHY is the gear            progression so in-depth that it requires MULTIPLE people to explain how it even works to such an extent of a 20            minute video? People spend 100s of millions of silver to get from step 1 > step 2 just because RNG completely            screwed them meanwhile Jimmy from Kansas got lucky on his first try.         - Marketplace. The way the marketplace works is you bid on cash shop items. You and 100 other people just bid on             that item. It doesn't matter who bid 1st and everyone is locked in to bid the same amont. RNG WILL CHOOSE 1             RANDOM PERSON TO GIVE THAT ITEM TO. People have spent 3months+ just camping the marketplace trying to             snipe a pet but only managed to grab 1 PET IN 3 MONTHS.TL;DR: The game IS fun, without a doubt it is the most graphically impressive mmorpg to date, the combat is enjoyable (personally I think Blade & Soul has a better pvp combat system), every class looks unique, even the male/female counterparts at level 56 but after getting on and farming day after day after day and feeling like I progressed not EVEN a little bit is not fun. This game DOES NOT have any end game pve content. There are NO dungeon raids or challenging boss battles. My LIFE does not revolve around this game and I personally do NOT want to spend 6hrs/day MINIMUM purely farming and grinding gear.
Amin7224	Recommended	2,264.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198037863014/	OK, any game we play is about the fun and enjoyment .And in this game you will absolutely have itThe game is on constant changes every week and lots patch and updates and eventsGhraphic and Animations are amazing and beyond expactationsThere are so many mini games , side quest , secrets and activities which will make you play for hours.But the real problem that anyone would not like is the gear progression (Enchanting). it's hard , it's bad , it make you feel so out of luck , in other word it can make your 12hour grinding worth of time and in game money into waste, or not. (RNG)you can buy your own gear and even boss gear from the in game marketplace and never enchant in the game ( up to certain point ) anyway, you will get used to it.oh and about the p2w stuff ,  it's not really that bad imodoesn't make much of differ .. i mean i never paid in game money except for pets and i did not feel any disadvantage in my one year of playing this game.so yeah .. buy it.
Matt	Recommended	14.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198064442364/	those who say this game is pay to win are talking ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.the 'item shop' is just cosmetics and for the price of 6.99 for the full game isnt shocking with the fact that  AAA games charge 40 quid and they have boosts that boost gameplay.there is a maximum inv slot of 75 and 60 can be obtained through the main story as an incentive to play it.(my hours played on steam are not representative as i own the game non-steam)
Skyphics	Recommended	37.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Skyphics/	Awesome mmo, can get repetitive at times.
BioVenom	Recommended	2,672.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/BioVenomGaming/	This game incredibly over inflates your gametime. BDO rewards being AFK.Solid game for always having something to achieve/progess. Fun for now.Downside is it is Pay to win. Or at least pay for advantage, to the point where it is p2w.Waiting for another MMORPG to steal my time.
Scaw	Recommended	1,006.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/sc4w/	The world is open to you.You can customize your character, be it a warrior, a mage or something inbetween, as you desire.You can then give them tasks like becoming a fisher or lumberjack while they slash or explode their way through a horde of enemies.Best of all; You don't even have to make microtransactions for all of this!
SPIRE Virtue	Recommended	1.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/tylervirtue/	Great game but definitely a lot better to play with friends who are prepared to grind with
Kaizen	Recommended	10,558.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/drummerdude56/	This is a game where I progress by not actually playing the game. 10/10
Lewan Lux	Recommended	1,187.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198161840954/	Pros:- Very openworld, much MUCH craft wow- Character creation is amazing, seriously-Besides con, it's NOT in fact, imo, pay to win- Amzing worker/building/workshop/contribution/farm system. On top of crafting. Cons:-Buy to play? Nope, pretty much F2P with an upfront cost. They will still try to leech money through costumes, furniture, etc. but the game is playable with lots of rewards as you go and a decent loyalty system. -Generlocked -mostly fem- classes.-Bit of pressure to buy outfits/costumes (armour does not change much)As a peaceful non-power-game fisher/farmer/trader, i really like how open this game is and how much you can explore. I have not yet reached endgame, but people do enjoy it and the community is not half bad as others at all!
✪NaNi✪	Recommended	91.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/cronan_h/	Very Noice character creation, mine is bae. 10/10 would re-create.
I need my payday too	Recommended	733.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/finto/	if you are prepared to spend $100 ish on the cash shop basics then it is fun for a good 400-500 hourshowever ! the developers are completely incompetent. beware as the game is becoming more and more pay to win. expect extremely long delays on content that other regions are getting.i still recommend this game because the time i spent was very enjoyable. feels like wasted potential more than anything
Actulyptius	Recommended	6,512.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Actulyptius/	it's ok
Seedy Archman™	Recommended	190.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SeedyArchman/	This review is comming from a man who doesn't like most MMO's.I was never a fan of them but there is something with this one that just makes it perfect for me, keep in mind it's not for everyone. Offering a huge amount of content to play with, explore and a somewhat unique combat style similar to some old fighting games.It might not be for everyone but with the cheap price of 10€ and even less if you buy it on a sale, it's worth at least checking out.
Señor JOPPY	Not Recommended	50.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198035808475/	really cool game and fighting, and other cool mechanics in the game, but whats ruining it is the economy, its literally unsavable at this point.
fleja	Recommended	93.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/fleja/	Honestly, I expected another East-style P2W MMO with poor lore. A u know what? I was wrong. If u love MMO u will love Black Desert too.
Sir Candlestick	Recommended	1,372.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198002871664/	712 hrs.  Still have yet to see most of the world.  The game can be a bit wonky, and has a steep learning curve due to things that are not explained well in game.. But it is a lot of fun.  Do not let the weird chat community turn you away from what has been the most fun I have had with an mmo in some time.  Also it is ten dollars.
✪ ATKSense	Recommended	1,687.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/AlexPvP/	i havent slept in 2 weeks
studip	Recommended	220.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/studip/	ok
HUSKER222	Recommended	1.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/raay18/	its cool. i d reccomend it if youre into wow or anarchy online or star wars knights of old republic mmos. its grapohics are good and fast paced but not my kind of game really.
Neon Proxy	Not Recommended	8.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/neonproxy33/	it has been randomly crashing,other than that,everithing awesome. ill recommend after that gets fixed.
Hate?	Not Recommended	133.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/2GM/	It is great untill level 56 then it gets boring. Upgrading armor is a cancer. Would recommend to someone who is brain-dead.
⛧Belfry Bat⛧	Recommended	879.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/belfrybat/	I have only one thing to say.Amazing game but has the most toxic, angry, and hateful community I've ever seen in any MMORPG before.Recommending just for the beautiful large world, fun combat and content you can do solo.Anything else that requires socializing with other players - I'd stay away, it's very dark in there, and I mean VERY.If that doesn't bother you, go ahead and purchase. It's worth the money!
tman1234	Recommended	251.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198438338235/	great game pvp fun but a bit of a grind but overall i would give it a 8 out of 10
Mojohosavich	Recommended	269.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Mojohosavich/	I love this MMO this game has extremely new feel nothing too overbearing. There always something in this game SO MUCH. I wish they would have DLC's. I play this game 7 hours a day and I'm always finding new things to do. I praise for the Korans for making this my favorite MMO.
BallsDeep69	Recommended	2,013.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/VpA/	Fantasy Second Life Work Simulator. It's fun tho! with butt and boob physics!
Darth Vader	Recommended	53.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198094998469/	after 20 or so hourse I am still stunned by how in depth the game is and how little i actually know about it.
blak pipl hav no rajts	Recommended	39.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/batanan_jk/	This is the best chill game I've ever played.You can play competitive if you want, but if you just want strolling thru the map and killing some mobs.
Coppersalt	Recommended	255.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/corporalsalty/	i put 200 hours in this game...i have no clue what is going on or what i am doinglooks pretty though
Aequitarian	Recommended	2,125.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Aequitarian/	Grindy, cash shoppy but still fun with solid combat and gameplay loop. Also you can be a magical waifu.
Flamzie	Not Recommended	324.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198092191347/	I am waiting for a real good new mmo for so long.I had high hopes for this game, but it never felt like I'm having fun while playing it. This game has a lot of options to waste your time, crafting,fishing, node system, etc... I have like 300 hours in this game I spent like 200 hours just auto-fishing because while doing it I could play another game. I thought if I make money with fishing and gear up better, it will make me wanna play more, but didn't so I just uninstalled it.The game has some Pros: like good graphics and combat system, but in the other hand the game is boring and not giving you that feeling which you feel while playing a good mmo so I don't recommend it even for the low price. 
Brandon	Not Recommended	971.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/brandon12946/	Enchanting in this game is total BS
TheMrOstrich	Recommended	5,582.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TheMrOstrich/	ok
Vladamir Stupuko	Recommended	244.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/VladamirStupuko/	This is a fun game to play with friends.
Brady	Recommended	12.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198070051907/	best feature in this game is auto travel, that way i can tab out periodically to resume watching HH
afterliife.	Recommended	93.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/afterliife/	The only MMO I have played with a smile on my face.
Renguko	Recommended	92.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/brandoi09/	+Great character models+Great environment+Fun and dynamic combat with many classes+Cheap+/- Very Very Grindy-Cosmetic outfits cost $20 (You can buy some from players with in game currency, but only the few popular ones.)
diplomats	Not Recommended	2,583.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197963196811/	This game has a lot of potentional. This game is set up in a monetary system. If you expect to come new into this game and expect to PVP. It's not going to happen because of how much of the monetary system works. There are too many people far ahead if you're a new person into the game. That is officially the down fall. It has great graphics but the top tiers of guilds run everything. Run at your own risk.
Elixzir☠	Recommended	4,942.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Elixzir/	fs is a meme
ProtoZero - AZiO	Recommended	117.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/realProtoZero/	A very unique mmorpgUnlike traditional MMOs where the content is all end game combat.This game has a lot of fun things to do on the side, there's a bunch of professions and skills that one can train. Skills like cooking, gathering, alchemy, horse training, hunting. (Reminds me of my days in Runescape)The world is very immersive and vast. It's truly open world as well, after the tutorial, you're able to travel anywhere you want, and the cities and towns remain relevant. (Just like Runescape, you will be back to each town often.)Combat is very fun, fast paced, and not locked on. (Similar to Archeage)Character Customization goes very indepth, and if you put some time into it, no other character will look like yours.However, there are a few things which i dislike about this game,Your equipment will look very generic as armor and weapons dont change the looks of your character very drastically. (Maybe slight changes like a trim on sword, etc). In order to change how your character looks, you would need to buy cash shop costumes or craft some costumes. And even then, it's quite limited in the options.Gender locked Classes. -nuff said 
eVo.exe	Recommended	263.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/evoexe/	My favorite MMO on steam!
siricjr	Recommended	103.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198259810519/	Game ok but damn bug kill my horse he was alive on road half life look away for 5 damn seconds an his icon was remove from screen no way he got attack if he got attack he still be ok none of the monster around hit him hard but game ok give it a 7/10
Kenso	Recommended	3,008.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197999698979/	This game is both good and bad.The game has an amazing world and are not a Paid to win! Yes u can buy things like pets for cash that makes the game easier for u when it comes to grinding, but you can aslow snipe  pets or costumes of the market, witch can be a pain.The game has an AFK system that makes u not want to close down the game wile u go to bed or do other stuff.The game on the negative side, is that you do need to grinde alot to get anywher! but that is prity much it
Xuraith	Recommended	1,749.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/xuraith/	I play most MMO's solo. It's the best one I've ever seen for my style of playing. You can be a trade mogul, farmer,  hunter, fisherman, alchemist, crafter, gatherer and cook all without limitations of exotic plans being locked in dungeon raids or specializations. If you're a successful enough entrepreneur you can just buy "end game gear". Clothes and accessories don't become bound when worn and you can level alts in your high leveled gear. The energy, contribution points and node systems take a little research to understand, but, it's pretty cool when you get the hang of it.
Hate?	Not Recommended	133.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/2GM/	It is great untill level 56 then it gets boring. Upgrading armor is a cancer. Would recommend to someone who is brain-dead.
juju	Recommended	164.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/360cougar2187/	I was held prisoner to WoW for 7 years... I have finally been set free...
roots	Recommended	344.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ehroots/	If you think of World of Warcraft when you hear the word "MMO," then prepare for a paradigm shift. Black Desert Online is an MMO where you can truly do and be anything. You can focus on combat if you like (the combat system, by the way, is fluid and extremely rewarding), or you can settle down and start a farm. Or build a boat and sail the seas. Or start a trade network and make millions. Or... well, you get the idea.Despite its wide variety of playstyles, this game is not shallow; in fact, its width is only matched by its incredible depth. I'm not exaggerating when I say that I spent more of my first fifty hours reading the game's wiki than actually playing the game: you're offered so many choices that you'll need to do some serious reading just to get a basic idea of what you're doing.It doesn't help that BDO offers little by the way of a tutorial (to be fair, a comprehensive tutorial would take days to get through) --after teaching you how to walk, look around, and equip items, the game tosses you into its vast world with a handful of silver and leaves you to fend for yourself. The learning curve is incredibly steep, and the game doesn't hold your hand. It's up to you to do your research and figure things out for yourself.Altogether, BDO is a beautiful game with an incredible amount of depth and freedom. It's not for everyone, but for only $10, it's definitely worth a try. If you're bored with typical MMO's, I'd recommend this one in a heartbeat: it's a breath of fresh air.
Zakuda	Recommended	51.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Zakuda/	Its a really fun game worth the $5 maybe not $10 but its one of the best games i've played recently.
Fishermanjo	Recommended	3,376.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/FishermanJo/	Its mediocre at this point. The game is still fun and has really unique combat. Theres a lot you can do but it doesnt seem to be progressing the right way. If you come into this game as of now itll probably take a while to actually catch up but the game isnt bad enough (yet) to where i would say its bad/unplayable. (This game also punches wallets)
KaiWeWi	Recommended	25.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/KaiWeWi/	Black Desert Online is the most recent MMORPG that I've played.This game is really fun. I absolutely recommend it.I like how the map has a lot of variety and a reasonable size. There are mountains, beaches, ocean, islands, villages, etc...The character generator has a lot of options to totally customize your character. I care a lot about making my character look at least similar to real life me. This game's generator is amazing. I could almost perfectly recreate myself using it (which took me 2 hours). The possibilities seem to be endless.I also enjoy the "realistic" way certain skills can be leveled up just by using them a lot (example: slowly level up your stamina by running). The NPC interaction is pretty unique too. Knowledge, questing and getting to know different NPCs actually is an important part of the game, as you can build friendships with NPCs to gain certain benefits, like being able to purchase items of better quality.(Also, other than most MMORPGs I've played, this game is not pay2win.)
2yrold	Recommended	9,374.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198025421328/	Afk Simulator...
[A] BakaOppai	Recommended	6,964.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198268796881/	This game is great if you're on welfare and have no life or job to go to. But bad because it's pay 2 enjoy. Not quite pay 2 win but it's practically impossible to enjoy or progress without buying things. And at $1 per single slot in your inventory the prices are rediculous to say the least. The game is basically impossible to enjoy without at least a minimum 50 of those slots, and things like pets which are $10 each (you need 4) and they're basically required to not want to kill yourself.  If it weren't for the overpriced shop it'd be a fine game, we'll see how much longer I play.  The only reason I have so many hours is afk fishing.All in all the game is awesome if you have unlimited money and time.
Patchlamb	Recommended	12.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/patchlamb/	Game is beautiful, the combat is great, owning and breeding horses is so fun, the fact that you can get a house and mounts for just in game money is a big deal personally. I HATE games where you can't actually do anything fun without paying out the butt for it, but with this game you really just pay the 10 dollars and you're done! Graphics and character creation are amazing for an online game, but... frequently NPC speech and mouth movement is out of sync, subtitles don't always match spoken words, in cutscenes the characters randomly lose mass and become stick figures, and when I changed the resolution to fit my screen my mouse was no longer correctly orintated. The mouse thing is a big deal because when googling the problem, seems that it's been happening since it first released. Shouldn't such a major game breaking issue have been fixed by now?Besides that, it's interesting. If your mouse doesn't break, and you don't mind the terrible cutscenes and awful voice acting, it's very fun to place and great to look at.
HUSKER222	Recommended	1.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/raay18/	its cool. i d reccomend it if youre into wow or anarchy online or star wars knights of old republic mmos. its grapohics are good and fast paced but not my kind of game really.
✪ ATKSense	Recommended	1,687.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/AlexPvP/	i havent slept in 2 weeks
Marcus Heinous	Not Recommended	1.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/marcusheinous/	Made my computer puff hot air at me.
Striker #burr	Recommended	356.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/strikerlovesyou/	A unique MMO.
PRYM8	Recommended	1,166.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Uwiish/	I have played several MMO's and found them boring very quickly. BDO so far has kept my attention and i dont see it fading anytime soon. The action combat system really helps with the overall enjoyment.
broseidon	Recommended	1,446.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198147321018/	traps everywhere
Xciver	Recommended	30.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Xciver/	Solid gameplay, graphics could be better
Cool_Moo5e	Recommended	3.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Cool-Moo5e/	I am not a huge fan of MMOs but this one caught me I do play it when a friend ask to play.
[deleted]	Recommended	29.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198239847484/	i really want to play this game but.....This game so much lagging (if you play in AUS)  and FPS drop really bad . 
AngelRane	Recommended	4,354.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198165189954/	This game not only has an amazing and smooth combat system, it has so many goodies, activities, minigames, you gonna be blown away once you get under the surface. It looks lame at first, but if you give it a bit of time, it will reveal incredibly well-thought, rich world, full of things to do. It has very healthy economics and fair cash shop (no loot boxes).This is easily the best MMO I've ever played. That doesn't mean it's perfect, it's still an MMO - it's grindy, stretched progression etc. But it's pretty good.
FRAG	Recommended	614.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198354861577/	SO much to do. Im Addicted . At first its a little overwhelming but give it some time watch some guieds and just grind away and soon you will be addicted.
TheWildMogsy	Recommended	1,462.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/morgenwilliams3001/	It's great I love this game, I intend to stick with it for a long time. The only things I really dislike about the game is the enchancement system can be very very annoying. I think that Gear downgrading should not be a thing, and accessories being destroyed if the enhancement fails. Not saying make the game too easy, but I think these things are kind of harsh. Other than that I think it's great.
Bloodypaws	Recommended	608.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/bloodypaws/	fix my achievements (o(
WanderingSoul	Not Recommended	179.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198065393889/	If its not on sale, dont bother.While the game is enjoyable for a while it suffers some increabily irritating flaws.Character naming is a true cancer, the policy of what you can and cant have in a name is so strict it can take upwards of an hour just to find a decent nameOn top of this, when i finally decided to spend money on this game in the in-game store, it slapped me in the face because i was a steam user. Any attempt i make to give them more money is met with a verification error telling me to try again later.If it happens to be on sale and you enjoy mindless killing, buy the game, if its not on sale? not even a ten-foot pole is far enough away to stay from this game.
Piliafakos	Recommended	3,550.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198131070823/	How to play Black desert:From monday to friday evening you chop wood,melt ore ,grind crystals and make crates.From friday evening to sunday midnight you just erase every mob from the place of the planet.Every day you grind one hour using the exp buff and you spent your energy butchering innocent sheeps.
Mojohosavich	Recommended	269.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Mojohosavich/	I love this MMO this game has extremely new feel nothing too overbearing. There always something in this game SO MUCH. I wish they would have DLC's. I play this game 7 hours a day and I'm always finding new things to do. I praise for the Korans for making this my favorite MMO.
Hate?	Not Recommended	133.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/2GM/	It is great untill level 56 then it gets boring. Upgrading armor is a cancer. Would recommend to someone who is brain-dead.
Neon Proxy	Not Recommended	8.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/neonproxy33/	it has been randomly crashing,other than that,everithing awesome. ill recommend after that gets fixed.
my call	Recommended	281.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Lomit/	Overall awesome game that I'd reccomend, I've had it for over a week at the time of writing this and after sinking nearly 100 hours it has just been such a great and enjoyable experience.What I enjoy:-Graphics are absolutely incredible, makes the game very immersive.-Combat is very engaging and actaully require some learning and skill.-Freedom in what you do whether that be questing, life skilling, grinding, etc, you're not limited in terms of progression and you can choose your own path.-Open World with no teleportation, if you can see it in most cases you can go there. This adds to the immersiveness making it very entertaining just to ride around the world and explore.-A ton of depth in literally everything: knowledge, every life skill, items, etc. Lots to learn and explore and it'll definitely not bore you anytime soon.What I disliked:-Thing's suddenly appear like bushes or leaves when running around which is a bit annoying but it's no way game breaking.-No autolooting feature, this is probably my biggest complaint. The only way to have auto loot is to own pets which cost around 9$ per pet in the pearl shop, although you can purchase one off the market for 8 mil. they sell out increadibly quickly making it very difficult to obtain one when in reality you need at least 3 to pick up items efficiently. As the game is not free to play I'd expect basic features to be included in the package like auto looting but that's not the case. A bit annoying but the game is definitely still playable.Overall I still have a lot to experience in the game but so far it has been very fun and I'd definitely reccomend the game to anyone, espicially people who can spend a bit more than the base price in order to fully enjoy the game.  
Captain JohnWick	Recommended	175.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/n0etics/	Do you like Korean MMOs? Want some great graphics? An interesting combat system? Try out BDO! It's a great game and with the steam sale going it's worth it even more. Just make sure to buy the Explorers Pack if you're able to as it's well worth the price during the summer sale.
Blossom07	Not Recommended	25.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Blossom07/	Great game, horrible lag and disconnects.Bought this game and even the Explorer's Package and have only been playing for about 2 days.The amount of lag and disconnects is INSANE. Apparently this has been an issue for awhile as there is 16 and counting pages on Black Desert's forum about the lag and disconnect issues. Even though this thread says its been "Resolved" this is not even a little bit true.DONT BUY THIS GAME unless you want to deal with all the issues of non-stop disconnects and crazy amount of lag. 
★ TertiX ★	Recommended	94.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TertiXTheGamer/	Hey! Today I am here to say something about this game!/Positive/+ Great story+ A lot of content+ Still updating+ Great place to find friends+ Cheap+ Big map+ Amazing events+ Multiplayer+ Awesome MMORPG+ Good graphics/Negative/- FPS drops- PAY to WIN- Lot of GRINDing needed- Bugs- Expensive Pearls (INGAME MONEY FOR PREMIUM STUFF)I give this game 9/10
Al' Dival	Recommended	13.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Aldival/	Best Game ever. Love it
AnimalChin	Recommended	2,721.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/LJAnimalchin/	Basically this game is probably the best mmo the genre has to offer at the moment if your focus is PvP.If you want epic single player content, go to Elder Scrolls Online. If you want epic raids, go to World of Warcraft. If you want epic PvP, this is it. Has little flaws but overall an excellent game.
BroTothemaxx	Recommended	6.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198017943066/	xingcode3 Anti cheat engine is prohibiting me from playing. I tried everything. Deleting all kinds of programs until i only had system necessities. I deactivated all security systems an let the app communicate through the firewall but still i get the "Suspiscious software alert" which exits the game. This appears to be an issue long known.  I tried for 2 hours but the game throws me out after I logged in everytimeEDIT:After contacting support they could tell me which program it was. "Kaldaien Special K" which I used for modding Final Fantasy x remastered did the error. After deleting it, it works. I recommend everyone sending your error xingcode.log to the support via their form on the website.After I played sometime I definetly like this game. Thanks customer support!
unsettledpanda	Recommended	9.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/unsettledpanda/	I originally played a trial version of this game when it came out, but I wasn't particularly amazed by it. I had wanted to try it out again, and the Steam release seemed like the perfect time to be a new player. I have absolutely changed my mind thus far. I really enjoy the combat (playing as a Dark Knight). The game is definitely a little overwhelming for a brand new player, but I think it does a better job than many MMORPGs at trying to introduce how things work. I also know that I still have a ton to learn, but the game is fun enough that I don't mind knowing that I have a lot of learning to do. One thing that I am not sure about yet is RP, which is one reason why I'm interested in playing BDO, but I have seen recruiting RP guilds, so I don't think this is going to be an issue.I do have one complaint about the game that isn't as big of a deal as I originally thought I would, which is the weird/difficult to follow storyline. I absolutely love Elder Scrolls Online and the narratives in that game, and BDO is not at all like it. The voice acting is kind of stale at times (not always) and the game in general seems to be a little poorly translated if I'm being perfectly honest. Like a little child character dreaming about barbecue and sleep speaking "Mmm, savory..." which just sounds like an awkwardly worded Google translate phrase coming from a child.Overall, I am playing this game for the amazing customization, huge variety of things to do (fish, farm, capture horses, decorate houses), and for the satisfying and complex combat system.
Ruditate	Not Recommended	2.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198150748548/	All of my play time for this game was just waiting for the U.S,A. server log me on.
Sheik Yerbouti	Recommended	57.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Kay_Kay_/	After level 50 it takes a while to grind for each level, but other than that this game is pretty neat
ShareBearPony	Recommended	4,617.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197997953697/	A very fun game whether solo or even more so with a good guild.   As a solo player I enjoy just discovering all the things I can do, with my worker network or just afk fishing.  You will never be top dog on the game as far as pve <life skills> there are people who only do this and who will always be on top.   Just discovering how to feed my workers with my own farmed ingredients or soon to be able to feed my pets.   400 hours is a bit of a lie i have played maybe 15 hours or so just leveling up a bit and  leaving my computer on while at work.  The way I play it is sort of a super shiny clicker game but there is PVP which i have not touched and so so much more.   Pets help a bunch if you are planning on pve farming mobs so I would definately buy the top tier.  It gives you 30 days of premium <I suggest saving that>  The first several days the premium would just be a waste imo there are several quests to increase your inventory size.   Pets run about $10 in the Store one of the main things to consider purchasing after a month or so of playing if you still enjoy the game.  Everything is not handed to you in this game you will become friendly with google and public chat has always answered questions I and others have had <yeah you get some snarky people but someone will answer you>  Chat uses energy one of your currencys it regens 1 every 3 minutes.    Right now i am AFK fishing while watching twitch streamers, I will dry the fish I get to make pet food.
!RAW	Recommended	824.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/nigerianbanana/	The more you play the more you will realize its just a runescape with better graphics and thats not even a bad thing.Pros:- Massive world- Even more areas and content are added in patches- No straight P2W elements- Idle/Afk skill leveling- In depth knowledge and exploration systems- Massive Guild PvP battlesCons:- Requires lot of grinding to level up in higher lvls- No levelcap (I personally like levelcap as a goal)- PvP is heavily gear and level based (not always a bad thing though)- Koreans get updates first :((But overall the game is great and i recommend atleast trying it!
Actulyptius	Recommended	6,512.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Actulyptius/	it's ok
BioVenom	Recommended	2,672.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/BioVenomGaming/	This game incredibly over inflates your gametime. BDO rewards being AFK.Solid game for always having something to achieve/progess. Fun for now.Downside is it is Pay to win. Or at least pay for advantage, to the point where it is p2w.Waiting for another MMORPG to steal my time.
Hat al-Deen	Not Recommended	107.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/HatAlDeen/	Game is broken, certain attacks just don't work anymore all of a sudden. The AI is horrendous, either  they are way too easy or way too hard. There is no in-between. They also have in-game currency that you can buy for real money called pearls, which you can use to buy exclusive items like perverted costumes and pets. Oh and the costumes, are about 25-30 euros and the pets are 10 euros. I remember playing LittleBigPlanet 2 where I thought the 1 or 2 euro costumes were already overpriced, but this is over the top, as in the top of mount everest.
Proxymate	Recommended	1,944.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Cynicgrow/	Grind grind grind no time for fun!
Renguko	Recommended	92.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/brandoi09/	+Great character models+Great environment+Fun and dynamic combat with many classes+Cheap+/- Very Very Grindy-Cosmetic outfits cost $20 (You can buy some from players with in game currency, but only the few popular ones.)
Marcus Heinous	Not Recommended	1.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/marcusheinous/	Made my computer puff hot air at me.
Striker #burr	Recommended	356.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/strikerlovesyou/	A unique MMO.
MysticExile	Recommended	12.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198143647655/	This game is very fun with friends but alone it's a bit too grindy for my taste. The quests are always the same and there isn't much variation. But the graphics and (kind of story) makes up for it. The guild and city system is good but could be better in my opinion. If you want to buy this game then it's a yes from me but I don't control your life so choose for yourself.
Cate	Recommended	116.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/CateBoi/	Do you like talking about traps and femboys? Do you like to obsess over cheaply built, overpriced, and underpowered Alienware computers? Are you a toxic neo-nazi who tells everyone that they will get gassed when the 4th reich emerges? Do you like spending hours customizing a character that you will inevitably change later for a fee? Do you like completely abandoning the main story line for a complex trading system? Then oh boy do I have the game for you. Welcome to Black Desert Online my fellow loser, for you have entered the most autistic, racist, argument baiting group of nerds on the entire internet. We've been waiting for you.
AjaxGlitter	Not Recommended	67.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mynameglitter/	The gameplay is fun for awhile then becomes a grind and AFK farming. Game is fun and intresting for the first few hours and then it goes downhill. It's ♥♥♥♥ing boring. If you have no friends or bad social skills, dont even bother. Its only fun with friends, somewhat. Just play WOW and jack yourself off to sleep, instead if playing this. 4/10 Will not touch again
ZEUS	Recommended	243.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/QLD123/	amazing
PRYM8	Recommended	1,166.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Uwiish/	I have played several MMO's and found them boring very quickly. BDO so far has kept my attention and i dont see it fading anytime soon. The action combat system really helps with the overall enjoyment.
Photep	Not Recommended	3,966.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198010019886/	-You will grind like you've never grinded before.... unless your from korea i guess-Graphics and gameplay in this game are no kidding some of the best in the genre. i've taken more screenshots in this game than any other.-You will grind n grind -No dungeons to find unique items/gear. Minimal gear options in general-Grind some more-It apears as though it's a social game, but the way in which you level your character (grinding your life away) it makes it kinda lame to group with people unless you are piggybacking on somone else. You will find yourself doing mucho solo-This game is a time / money / life sink. dont let its shiney cover fool you. I'm judging this from inside. GL-Did i mention you gotta grind? do you like hitting the same 2 to 4 key combo over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over? did i?
Bruce	Not Recommended	1,278.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/methyst/	The most RNG game I ever played. Grind for a few months to enhance your gear, but to end up only ♥♥♥♥ing it all up and back to square one. Game is extremely P2W, do not buy nor play this game.
Orca9999	Not Recommended	12.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197988629566/	Product received for free
bfRIENDLY	Not Recommended	3,668.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/bfRIENDLY/	I wasted so much $$ on this game. Then One day I went outside and realized what a waste of time this game was. Uninstalled and never looked back after I seen the Sun again and my vampiric form slowly changed back to human again. I would not reccomend this game unless you already do not have a life and your ok with never seeing your family or friends again.
kaitos	Not Recommended	156.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198055507127/	honestly theres lots of good stuff in the game for example character creation is better then most other games and it isnt a exageration when people say its the best looking game at the very least its one of the bestproblem is for me personally even though thats about half of what i need half isnt good  enough  especially when theres other games that are closer to a whole. my biggest problem is lack of end game to me thats a huge part of mmo's that and playing with other players is what seperates it mostly from single player and proper end game gives it more playabilitythough if you like pvp then this definitely is the game for you since the only end game this game has is based around pvp theres also the infinite lvl grind but thats boring without any thing to use the lvl grind for except pvpthere were other problems but those were biggest and didnt want it to seem long winded
Molotëf	Not Recommended	99.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/lepurushi1/	This game is really nice and different from other mmos. What bothers me its this games optimization, its really bad. i dont have the best pc but its enough to play this game on high settings and 60+ fps, instead on medium settings it drops time after time down to 25 fps, i really am a type of player that doesnt focus much on the games performance but this really prevents me from enjoying this game, i cant imagine how much it will frustate me on pvps, it definately needs work on that, if they fix this then its a 9/10 for me. so far 4/10... (my first review)(my second review)i tried a couple of things and i noticed that 2 things fixed my fps problems (besides the usual update your drivers etc etc.) the first is to delete your temporary files from local disc C and the second is kind of weird but i noticed a huge fps fix when i open a full screen youtube video on the background (no need for the video to be playing)... if you have the same problems as me its worth a try.About the game:started of pretty good, the combat is pretty fun, a lot of activities and end game content, but as it goes further and further on it becomes more and more grindy (to the point where you just want to quit), the armor and weapon enchancement is pretty frustrating and you cant understand unless you try it, also there is a lot of p2w content (it wasnt always like this though) and if u want to be good you have to give this game your soul, lastly, the community here isnt very helpful and everyone tends to ignore you when you need help. (i want to point out that these are some of the problems I experienced and it is just my opinion, experiences vary from one player to another)So would i recommend it?What i wrote still stands but nonetheless you should deffinately give this game a try, easily one of the best mmos
Mr Criminal196	Recommended	16.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198168507547/	although ive only scratched the surface with just shy of 8hours. i bought this while it was on sale for four pounds, and i must say itt definately is worth the asking price. ive been seeing alot of negative reviews which nearly put me off buying this game. DONT LISTEN TO EM! everyone has a different experience. me. i havent suffered with barley any issues. the issues i will state later on. but anyways. this game is beautiful, full of content, very very fun. At first everything is so confusing and overwhelming, but give it a few hours and youll start to pick up the basics, although im still confused as hell, i know il gradually learn. now onto the whole subject of it being nothing but boring grinding (according to alot of the negative reviews). This game is an action packed MMORPG, yes there is grinding, but it really depends on how you play, in which will effect on your perspective of the word grinding. now ive been playing quests back to back, with very little pit stops in order to kill a few things, so i could keep learning how to use my character. This game hasnt got a boring grind, if you stick to the quests the game intends. YES. you can go off to known grind spots where players just sit there for hours on end kiling♥♥♥♥♥♥ but its not needed. im ranking up fairly fast, and im just sticking to quests. on to the pros and cons.Pros: Very Beautiful graphic wise        Such an indepth character creator, allowing you to customise pretty much everything         So much things to keep you entertained, (sailing, fishing, combat, just to name a few)         Alot of features and depth to say what the asking price is         it isnt a pay to win, and doesnt require a subscription (its optional)         Very future proof, meaning it has the potential to remain populated with players for years.cons: The Ocassional Lag (For me)          The ocassional FPS drop           Very Confusing for new players          Crashing (i havent, but ive seen it in reviews)          Quite a few bugs (bare in mind its a new steam release)There may be things i missed on both the pros and cons. but over all this game is fantastic, with so much potential of being one of the best MMORPGS thats ever dropped to us. Although some of you may experience horrible bugs/glitches/crashes etc, please bare in mind this is a new steam release. For the asking price of between £4-£15 this game is great value, thats jam packed full of content to keep you playing. Scores.Graphics 9/10  Gameplay 8/10  Smoothness 6/10 story/lore (so far) 6/10over all game score 8/10 such a baregain for such a great game. at the end of the day, for the asking price there isnt much to lose, if youre on the fence, do some research, and buy it!  
Mime.	Recommended	499.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mimegaming/	It's Weird, but pretty and time wasting goodness :)
Val	Not Recommended	2,248.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Valinati/	Blew up gear and uninstalled game is♥♥♥♥♥♥now
*ethon	Not Recommended	157.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/rafaamsalid/	if you value your mental health at all. dont play this game. honestly.
Geno	Not Recommended	377.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/CrotchWatch/	Shame this game has lots of potential, but it just falls flat and has nothing that makes it stand out to other MMOs. Cool scenary and graphics and combat is great, really flashy and a lot of fun taking on packs at once, and I really love the open world aspect of this game and life skills, which require a lot of research and is a bit confusing if you try to get in to. However game becomes very bland, and in order to process into late game gear requires a really stupid RNG process which litterally sets you back weeks of grinding just by one click.
Smodius	Recommended	340.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198144622663/	Grind sim, highly recommended if you like to grind xD
Sheik Yerbouti	Recommended	57.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Kay_Kay_/	After level 50 it takes a while to grind for each level, but other than that this game is pretty neat
2yrold	Recommended	9,374.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198025421328/	Afk Simulator...
Fishermanjo	Recommended	3,376.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/FishermanJo/	Its mediocre at this point. The game is still fun and has really unique combat. Theres a lot you can do but it doesnt seem to be progressing the right way. If you come into this game as of now itll probably take a while to actually catch up but the game isnt bad enough (yet) to where i would say its bad/unplayable. (This game also punches wallets)
roots	Recommended	344.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ehroots/	If you think of World of Warcraft when you hear the word "MMO," then prepare for a paradigm shift. Black Desert Online is an MMO where you can truly do and be anything. You can focus on combat if you like (the combat system, by the way, is fluid and extremely rewarding), or you can settle down and start a farm. Or build a boat and sail the seas. Or start a trade network and make millions. Or... well, you get the idea.Despite its wide variety of playstyles, this game is not shallow; in fact, its width is only matched by its incredible depth. I'm not exaggerating when I say that I spent more of my first fifty hours reading the game's wiki than actually playing the game: you're offered so many choices that you'll need to do some serious reading just to get a basic idea of what you're doing.It doesn't help that BDO offers little by the way of a tutorial (to be fair, a comprehensive tutorial would take days to get through) --after teaching you how to walk, look around, and equip items, the game tosses you into its vast world with a handful of silver and leaves you to fend for yourself. The learning curve is incredibly steep, and the game doesn't hold your hand. It's up to you to do your research and figure things out for yourself.Altogether, BDO is a beautiful game with an incredible amount of depth and freedom. It's not for everyone, but for only $10, it's definitely worth a try. If you're bored with typical MMO's, I'd recommend this one in a heartbeat: it's a breath of fresh air.
KaiWeWi	Recommended	25.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/KaiWeWi/	Black Desert Online is the most recent MMORPG that I've played.This game is really fun. I absolutely recommend it.I like how the map has a lot of variety and a reasonable size. There are mountains, beaches, ocean, islands, villages, etc...The character generator has a lot of options to totally customize your character. I care a lot about making my character look at least similar to real life me. This game's generator is amazing. I could almost perfectly recreate myself using it (which took me 2 hours). The possibilities seem to be endless.I also enjoy the "realistic" way certain skills can be leveled up just by using them a lot (example: slowly level up your stamina by running). The NPC interaction is pretty unique too. Knowledge, questing and getting to know different NPCs actually is an important part of the game, as you can build friendships with NPCs to gain certain benefits, like being able to purchase items of better quality.(Also, other than most MMORPGs I've played, this game is not pay2win.)
Al' Dival	Recommended	13.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Aldival/	Best Game ever. Love it
ET3RNAL☃	Recommended	1,108.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ET3RNALCSGO/	30 mins-3hr character customisation simulator....that's all there is to itBut no seriously the combat is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome and the visuals are stunning.
Burno	Recommended	146.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/burnolo/	What I liked+ The combat system. If you're a person who never got into MMORPG's because of the usually boring fights, this isn't the case. For my first time in the genre, pvp and pve magically became interesting, and I often find myself going to lowlevel zones just to experiment new combos. + Over that, the graphics are fantastic. Going back to any other mmorpg will make it look worse than Runescape.+ Plenty of stuff to do beyond farming mobs. You can go fishing, housing, cooking, chopping trees, hunting, sealing, trading, go meet new NPCs for a different exp, or just go for a quiet horse ride. + An huge map that takes hundreds of hours to fully explore. Also, there are no loading screens between areas, ♥♥♥♥ YEAH!+ Probably the best character editor ever. Very good waifu material.What I didn't like- Poor optimization in cities. You will soon find out that not even an i7+1080ti can run the game properly in those damn cities. (I'm running with an i5-4460 + 1050ti, and I'm getting 80+ fps in farming zones but 25-40 fps in cities)- The combat system is too much fast paced to play with friends. You will often find yourselves splitted from each other while farming mobs. It's not impossible of course, but it's not optimal.- It's not P2W, but it's Pay for convenience. For example, you can buy a pet which will automatically loot on dead mobs' corpses. Or, for instance, there are bundles which straight up upgrade your inventory carrying limits. It pisses many players off, including me to be honest. Also, about this point, I wanted to point out that it's much worse in the Korean/Russian version of the game. They've got a more "aggressive" shop which is definitely Pay2Win. We were "lucky".---------------------------------------------------------------------This is what I think of BDO, but I will of course update my review if it will be needed.
Sen Takatsuki	Recommended	82.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TakatsukiSenTG/	Absolutely love this game. It's a huge game with so much to do in terms of quests, levelling, life skills etc. Hugely recommend it if you like big open world RPG games, but it's much much better if you have people to play it with as constant solo play gets kinda boring.
[A] BakaOppai	Recommended	6,964.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198268796881/	This game is great if you're on welfare and have no life or job to go to. But bad because it's pay 2 enjoy. Not quite pay 2 win but it's practically impossible to enjoy or progress without buying things. And at $1 per single slot in your inventory the prices are rediculous to say the least. The game is basically impossible to enjoy without at least a minimum 50 of those slots, and things like pets which are $10 each (you need 4) and they're basically required to not want to kill yourself.  If it weren't for the overpriced shop it'd be a fine game, we'll see how much longer I play.  The only reason I have so many hours is afk fishing.All in all the game is awesome if you have unlimited money and time.
Im A Fetus	Recommended	448.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Northzyy/	Really fun and enjoyable game to adventure around and kill stuff and do quests and get loot is just amazing. Best thing i like in a video game such as this Open World,Looting,Skilling And A Lot More 10/10 for me and would recomment to anyone having doubts buying this game
RadKit	Recommended	501.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/RadKit/	TLDR: Worth $10 just to mess around with and level each class to 20.Looks great, runs great, and combat is super fun. It's Virtual Fighter the MMO. Google that if you're too young.No reason at all to get the traveler or explorer packs, no reason at all really to spend any cash at all, other than the base game.Almost everything can be gotten with in-game currency, and 100% of everything is just convience.After sinking some time in you might deside that convience is worth it, you might not, but I strongly recommend against doing anything up front.After 3 hours of leveling one character, I haven't even redeemed any of my explorer items and dont feel any real need to at all.If you go into the life skills, like crafting and fishing then you are probably going to want the inventory/storage expansions but I hardly think it would feel required.I'm super pumped about just messing around with each classes combat combos; just seeing the animations and slaughtering 100s of mobs in a few minutes. It's like testing each character in a fighting game, learning the specials, the combos...Just goofing off with the different class characters is worth $7 or $10 bucks to me.
Bats	Recommended	11,374.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/negaflux/	This game is digital crack. It's a fantastic game, however it does have hooks that if they get you, really get you. I recommend it and don't at the same time!
redspacebeast	Recommended	246.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/spacebowser/	BDO is a very old style of MMO, before themepark MMOs ruled the roost. It's one congruent open world, a sandbox with many layers of systems. The combat is closer to that of a musou, very impactful and fluid. There is a heavy emphasis on (optional) lifeskills like cooking, fishing, crafting. There is no monthly sub, though spending a few dollars on pets to automatically pick things up for you is a nice-to-have. The game is not Pay-To-Win. Very lush visuals, marred only by some server-side pop-in.This is not an MMO you play to experience "the epic story", but rather a place to exist in. You set your own goals, kind of like Minecraft.
Razt	Recommended	48.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/razt125/	Love what I've played so far even with the 180 ping. I pray that Kakao will add Australian/NZ servers especially with the influx of new players from steam.In a recent patch - "Due to the popularity and influx of new users from Steam, we've added 3 more servers to accommodate the growing playerbase." Perhaps the addition of an Oceanic/AU/NZ server would have eased the load enough on the other servers? It would be best for the game to have localized servers added earlier rather than later in the games lifetime.
BroTothemaxx	Recommended	6.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198017943066/	xingcode3 Anti cheat engine is prohibiting me from playing. I tried everything. Deleting all kinds of programs until i only had system necessities. I deactivated all security systems an let the app communicate through the firewall but still i get the "Suspiscious software alert" which exits the game. This appears to be an issue long known.  I tried for 2 hours but the game throws me out after I logged in everytimeEDIT:After contacting support they could tell me which program it was. "Kaldaien Special K" which I used for modding Final Fantasy x remastered did the error. After deleting it, it works. I recommend everyone sending your error xingcode.log to the support via their form on the website.After I played sometime I definetly like this game. Thanks customer support!
unsettledpanda	Recommended	9.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/unsettledpanda/	I originally played a trial version of this game when it came out, but I wasn't particularly amazed by it. I had wanted to try it out again, and the Steam release seemed like the perfect time to be a new player. I have absolutely changed my mind thus far. I really enjoy the combat (playing as a Dark Knight). The game is definitely a little overwhelming for a brand new player, but I think it does a better job than many MMORPGs at trying to introduce how things work. I also know that I still have a ton to learn, but the game is fun enough that I don't mind knowing that I have a lot of learning to do. One thing that I am not sure about yet is RP, which is one reason why I'm interested in playing BDO, but I have seen recruiting RP guilds, so I don't think this is going to be an issue.I do have one complaint about the game that isn't as big of a deal as I originally thought I would, which is the weird/difficult to follow storyline. I absolutely love Elder Scrolls Online and the narratives in that game, and BDO is not at all like it. The voice acting is kind of stale at times (not always) and the game in general seems to be a little poorly translated if I'm being perfectly honest. Like a little child character dreaming about barbecue and sleep speaking "Mmm, savory..." which just sounds like an awkwardly worded Google translate phrase coming from a child.Overall, I am playing this game for the amazing customization, huge variety of things to do (fish, farm, capture horses, decorate houses), and for the satisfying and complex combat system.
AnimalChin	Recommended	2,721.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/LJAnimalchin/	Basically this game is probably the best mmo the genre has to offer at the moment if your focus is PvP.If you want epic single player content, go to Elder Scrolls Online. If you want epic raids, go to World of Warcraft. If you want epic PvP, this is it. Has little flaws but overall an excellent game.
Sauces	Not Recommended	677.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Orc__Peon/	Fix your ♥♥♥♥♥♥ pay to win garbage Kowea
Coors Light Combine	Recommended	8.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/theautisticgamer/	This is just my initial thoughts on this game. Will change it later when I play more of it.Wow. This game is pretty epic. The soundtrack, the classes, the black spirit, the NPCS are interesting, the graphics are outstanding. So much to do in this vast world.Many people like me were discouraged by the huge world of BDO, mainly because of it's combo system, UI, and many other things in the game that are not conventional. Thankfully, after watching a tutorial guide on how to play it, I jumped in, played nearly two hours of it and absolutely enjoyed my first session. The soundtrack I think is the best part of this game, It delivers the epic feeling an MMORPG should have. The graphics are some of the best looking I've seen in this generation and fits perfectly with the game's foreign influences. The UI is actually not as terrifying as I thought it would be, although there are many things in the ESC menu that I need to look at still. Character creation was a bit disappointing though, as you are basically stuck with one design for your character (I might have missed something, but that's what I saw)I'm playing as a Berserker right now and many people say you should stick with the Story and Black Spirit quests first, then do all the other things.That is what I'm doing right now and I think this advice is perfect for beginners like me. The combo system takes a little time to get used to, but once you figure it out you're basically ready to grind mobs and stuff as there is a lengthy tutorial in the game.I'm not very keen to playing MMORPGS nowadays, I've had my share at Neverwinter, Path of Exile, WOW, Everquest and other games, but this felt truely like an experience I want to continue. If this game gets a good amount of content for me to keep playing like expansions and stuff like that, then count me in to playing even more of this wonderful world.Try it out, it's a really amazing game with unconventional action combat and awesome soundtrack and graphics.
Löx	Not Recommended	244.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/4256456/	I mean this game can be fun during the holidays, but the community is literally the worst. The community is more toxic than CSGO and maybe slightly under rust. The game is very time consuming.
Rigatoni	Not Recommended	23.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198045973228/	Great looking game with terrible optimisation, terrible story, fun and flashy combat. To make matters work the korean company has made the game pay to win with in game purchases that radically change the game. Do not buy this game!
1000Eyes	Not Recommended	14.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/echarry12/	I'm sad that htis game ended up being garbage. :(
Tibby	Not Recommended	602.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SPowers/	Ive had enough of the P2W
Kitsuna	Not Recommended	1,095.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/shikaga0770/	I spent over 1000 hours in this game (Not as much as others) just to find out that the company has absolutely no idea on how to manage an MMORPG. The scaling keeps getting broken further and further, 90% of the classes at this rate will be unviable. I really wanted to love this game.
proatcookin	Not Recommended	3,066.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/LonnieLunchbox/	P2W
Ace of Razgriz	Recommended	4,932.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ace_of_razgriz/	Looking for a game that has the unfairest RNG? or one that you can AFK all day and progress? how about a game where it will take you days or even weeks to level up one level when you reach near highest level? well look no more. BDO is the game for you. get ready to rage at RNG as it F**ks you over and over again and waste your ingame currency on (or real money xD) but hey you will be at it again and again anyways. fastest way to earn ingame currency is to buy pearl items and sell it on the MP so all you wallet warriors can earn easy money to gear your characters. now lets go to bosses. if you want to do alot of work and get nothing that was worth the work then this game is also for you. you can be the first one there and drop its hp but as soon as others come and outdamage you. your chances to get the good loots just went from good to bad to slim to garbage. but for anyone who wants to play a game that you can explore a vast world that will take you forever. (litterally, meh maybe forever) this game is for you. so come one come all and have a fun/angry/laughable time on BDO. or you can stay away from the game if you dont wana rage 90% of the time when you try to upgrade your gear.( was this funny enough xD) 
Hox	Recommended	3,035.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198250929376/	Not gonna lie i was really mmorpg player and always was craving for something new. All mmorpgs where same with small changes but then i saw this gem game where old and new ideas are united.Do you want action combat where your keyboard , mouse and skills are put to test then you are welcome if you are expectin same grind grind for money , weapons dont, since this game is not your dungeon grind farm this is your real farm where youl be doing buissnes and where mind is going to work. Together with strong pvp battles your only way to keep your♥♥♥♥♥high on that pvp throne you need to make money make your own armor and keep this going or your going to hit the stairs below your throne and you dont even know what happend.Thanks to this features your going at least for 2000 h played.Well that was long a hoped this game will win steam awards.And last one even if i have 5.5 h i am definitly going at least for 3000.:D hold u thump for me guys. 
Cool_Moo5e	Recommended	3.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Cool-Moo5e/	I am not a huge fan of MMOs but this one caught me I do play it when a friend ask to play.
Xciver	Recommended	30.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Xciver/	Solid gameplay, graphics could be better
♔✟Oppa✟♔	Recommended	574.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197978031703/	For the 2 weeks i've had this game i have been pretty satisfied with the combat/graphics and even the customization option are very diverse compared to other mmo's. I have been a WoW player for around damn near 12 years, and i have had a hard time ever finding an MMO that was capable of making me stay for awhile. And while i can't compare WoW and BDO together because they are vastly different.... as i mainly PVP in BDO and mainly PVE in WoW however i can say that BDO has satisfied me just as much as WoW has in the time ive owned and i reccomend it.
lrswtrs	Recommended	9.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/larswouterss/	I like the game but somehow I don't get hooked while playing it.
pizzahut cowokers	Recommended	29.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Arletsie/	Product received for free
Hethrus	Not Recommended	46.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Hethrus/	Now I don't nearly have as many hours in this game as many people writing reviews, and I don't have as many hours in this game as I would have liked to put in. This game is a lot of fun, it looks great, combat is intense. But why do I not recommend this game? Fail stacking. I'm a big mmo fan, I've played almost every big mmo you can name and this is the dumbest thing I've ever come across. The good thing about MMO's is the constany progression. I spend 10 hours playing world of warcraft and I'll get somewhere. But this game has too much RNG for the long grind. Even if you do your best to work it into your favor the system can screw you, meaning hours down the drain.This system is the single reason I can't get back in and I can't suggest it. Which is shame since the combat and the world and lfie skills are really cool! But I can't get over how much the fail stacking system takes away.
☽Luna Fey☾	Not Recommended	9.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/019840/	It looks good but just about everything else is quite dull.  Though I will acknowledge them for trying something different, as successful or not as it might be.There are key mechanics called "Knowledge" & "Amity".  It's quite confusing and pointless but it is, basically, how renown you are with NPCs.  Eventually you play something like a minigame gossiping about the other npcs, if you are successful you gain renown and whatever comes with that.  If you lose it costs you energy points--which are required to do literally anything except combat.  Wanna gossip with an NPC?  That'll cost energy.  Wanna go fishing?  That'll cost energy.  Work on professions?  That's free.  ...Just kidding.  Costs energy.  It slowly builds about 1 point/3 minutes so it limits what you can do.Another asinine feature they don't mention is encumberment.  Like in Skyrim, and others, you can carry only so much weight before you run at a walking pace.  Even your currency weighs you down.I feel most of the classes are dull and uninspiring.  Most of them are Asian themed but the world is European fantasy style so it doesn't feel right to me.  As you level up you're given skill points to pick which ability to take, none of which is explained early on so you're kind of just picking what looks good to you.  Soon you'll have an entire move list of abilities that sometimes have overly complicated key executions that are pointless because auto attack does a fine job of dispatching many mobs quickly.There is no fast travel so you have to run or mount everywhere however there is auto-run.  And pathfinding, and it is only slightly stupid.  They do give you a free mount about lvl 15.  A donkey.On the plus side the music is nice and the character creation is kind of interesting, but it goes into needless detail--down to the texture of your eyes and other small details neither you nor anyone else will be able to notice easily.If you're looking for a game that features "True Action Combat" I'd recommend TERA or Blade and Soul.My donkey ran me into a wolf den.  Would probably happen again.4/10
Mhasmic	Not Recommended	112.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/MhasmicTasmic/	Too much money , and too much time is required to get anywhere in this game. You will find yourself going AFK along with the masses of other players to achieve barely any notable progress. Don't get this game.
Detective Geralt	Not Recommended	20.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198057835781/	A whole ocean of things to do and try out, sadly 95% of all content is pointless as ♥♥♥♥
gerbilOFdoom	Not Recommended	99.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198020051605/	Don't look at hours played as a statistic for how good this game is. The game encourages leaving you to leave it running in the background to harvest resources. The game is, essentially, all about grinding from start to finish.If you love wasting time gathering resources in your MMOs, you'll love this one. Combat is not bad, but the story is not good enough to make up for the monotony of "walk for a long time here, do that, send your horse auto-navigating there while you sit around, do another thing, come back, kill some more creatures". Unfortunately, this game has strong graphics, pretty good combat, excellent MMO grindy-ness, but no story and no reason to keep playing.
thöjtt.kriime	Recommended	1,085.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/machiavelli-apocalypto/	It keeps playing while you are AFK so you can take a break, call your parents, spend time with your gf so she don't get mad at you, and you know like, live a life, go to work, get your homework done. I mean that part is optional, but you can do a lot and barely have the game open. AFK fishing is pretty cool, because you know... fishing. You can unlock a system of nodes and send workers to gather resources on job nodes. Nothing you do AFK is super lucrative until later. AFK Kinghttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1060397480More about nodes. CP exp is the only thing you gain from questing. There is also combat Exp that you only get from killing monsters. And then every kind of skill exp. You use CP to unlock nodes, which greatly effect how you personally contribute to the game's economy. Nodes effect everything from trade, to fishing, to where you can send your SLAVES, I mean workers sorry, you really don't pay them though so guess welfare to work?http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1060420393The crafting system is pretty neat. You have to buy houses and send your workers to benches in workshops within the houses you buy. Nothing you craft is going to be worthwhile to craft until you get really far into the crafting node system. Most things you are better off selling the crafting resources. Main thing you will be doing for crafting early on is making things for your own use. Some resources that your workers gather it is worth it to process just to get your skill levels up for processing, you will have diminished returns though.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1060440315The economy of the game is the real draw. It is a living breathing economy. Everything on the market has a fixed high low sell price that seems to change based on trends, not really sure about this.. There is a trading game built into it which plays a bit like port royale or patrician. I use this description loosely. I haven't used the trade system much, so I just go off of the little research I have done.Mounts are pretty amazing. You catch your own horses in the wild. But you can buy them too. You'll also make wagons to transport goods for the trading game. Ships are new apparently. There is a boat you can fish from that looks hard to craft. All the vehicles and mounts can be equipped with items that increase stats and effect cosmetics.I really like this game. It has a WoWcrackish quailty for me that I never really got absorbed with sandbox MMOs before. Sure sandbox games, but this is the first MMO like this that has really drawn me in. The combat is really lacking, but that's not really a minus for me. I just want to do all the sandbox economy type stuff, and when I do farm quests and kill monsters just crush right through it. I feel like a really good, challenging combat system would be a distraction. There are plenty of thempark MMOs that have good combat systems. If that's what you want go play one of those. This game is about something a little different.Certian systems are a little wonk,  but you can get used to them. Make friends with the BDO subreddit, and the wiki. BDfoundry is great too. This game is one of those games that casual and action gamers are going to consider work, but if you are a certian sort of gamer who enjoys true sandbox games (if you think skyrim when I say that GTFO) This is an easy buy, well worth 10 dollar entry fee. There is a cash shop too if you are the kind of person who wants to blow 500 dolalrs on mostly cosmetic pets and sexy outfits for your digital waifu.More Garbage reviews on Tkay's stupid reviews. 
Rampage	Not Recommended	13.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Rampage__/	The end game is just doing AFK money making activities while playing other games, hoping you win a marketplace bid or succeed an enchant to progress and repeat all over again.edit as of 23/08/18: The biggest pay2win feature is now being added to the west. Cash shop can be used directly for upgrades with costume melting.
ThatOneHokage	Recommended	9.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198304086643/	Super fun but i dont like how some classes are Gender locked
Robs	Recommended	1.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197985813774/	Perfect game for those that consider the counting of rice as a quality experience.
haczr🌸✅	Recommended	9,727.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/haczr/	It's ok.
Robob27	Not Recommended	9,972.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197978416812/	Time for another review update.This game is full on p2w now. You can now pay money to safely enhance your gear without losing any progress. Do yourself a favor and do not buy.
UncleDaddy	Not Recommended	2,297.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198045374695/	While otherwise a great game, players have been complaining about server issues since day 1 and devs have said absolutely nothing about it. Now with this free weekend, everything is broken, and we can expect more silence on the dev's end.Come back to this if you ever hear the miracle words "servers upgraded"
DukinTonic	Not Recommended	81.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198140439813/	FIX THE BUGS
regnfylt	Not Recommended	1,326.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/regnfylt/	Another great game ruined by the money hungry devs. Good stuff.
PrVn	Not Recommended	20.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197995787300/	Black Desert Online in a nutshell:How to destroy a game and its playerbase. 
Val	Not Recommended	2,248.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Valinati/	Blew up gear and uninstalled game is♥♥♥♥♥♥now
*ethon	Not Recommended	157.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/rafaamsalid/	if you value your mental health at all. dont play this game. honestly.
FangTzuYeh	Not Recommended	89.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198111460907/	The whole game is p2w which is unfortunate because it looks beautiful. Not only do you have to spend more money on this to be remotely competitive, but you have to spend A LOT. The whole game is structured to get you addicted to progress with very fast early game leveling until you hit the "soft" cap in which leveling requres grinding for weeks even months for that one level. The only tools that slighty alleviate the grind are locked behind the pay shop... Figures
RefTyy	Not Recommended	2,243.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/RefTyy/	....How to dig your own game a grave BDO edition.For anyone asking. its full pay 2 win now. whoever has the biggest pocket wins. :) skill is irrelevant. this game has turned out so bad, with the amount of greedy devs, that it doesn't even deserve a proper review. the game is dying, Join it if you enjoy a deserted game. it looks nice tho :)Peace
Mushknot	Not Recommended	1.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mushknot/	P2W
SnekTV420	Recommended	5,014.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Snake1989/	Best Game ever, i dont do other stuff in my Life anymore.
naimul	Not Recommended	1,842.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/naimulz/	way to ruin my pvp idiot
Canyonian	Recommended	5.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198054254767/	Black Desert Online... what can I say about it other than, "a role player's dream," that is certainly what it seems to be. Speaking of how it's fighting is the most fluent I've seen almost like it is a fighting game, such as Mortal Combat. This game consists if the most RPG skills you can't really find in any other game, some useful, and others... not so much. But this game is definately something to try with it's vast playing world and neat customization. But I would recommend that you should be able to change from most of the classes only being female, such as the ranger, being this takes away from the true role playing experience. So in spite of my short playthrough, I would give this game a 8/10 for what is has to offer even in it's tutorial stage and there after, so if you are thinking about buying this game, you should definitely give it a shot.
Light	Not Recommended	30.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/LunaMuramasa/	Black Desert Online is a nicely styled wreck of a pay-to-win griefer grindy sandbox cluster****. It's nice up until helms and onwards where you have to compete with 13 year old edgelords for the farming spot on any and every channel including unbalanced pvp and unfair mechanics. Also, the game is horribly translated, along with all of the patch notes. None of it makes any sense to the normal person. I give this a strong No for recommendation.
Tommy	Not Recommended	5.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198086235029/	great game play  awsome skills   why i didint play past lvl 30  is  mainly  lack of armor an weapons  THERE IS NO LOOT   also if i put the camera to low the screen would darken  an wouldnt look good is less noticeable  on MED settingsNO LOOT NO DEAL  
Mr Criminal196	Recommended	16.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198168507547/	although ive only scratched the surface with just shy of 8hours. i bought this while it was on sale for four pounds, and i must say itt definately is worth the asking price. ive been seeing alot of negative reviews which nearly put me off buying this game. DONT LISTEN TO EM! everyone has a different experience. me. i havent suffered with barley any issues. the issues i will state later on. but anyways. this game is beautiful, full of content, very very fun. At first everything is so confusing and overwhelming, but give it a few hours and youll start to pick up the basics, although im still confused as hell, i know il gradually learn. now onto the whole subject of it being nothing but boring grinding (according to alot of the negative reviews). This game is an action packed MMORPG, yes there is grinding, but it really depends on how you play, in which will effect on your perspective of the word grinding. now ive been playing quests back to back, with very little pit stops in order to kill a few things, so i could keep learning how to use my character. This game hasnt got a boring grind, if you stick to the quests the game intends. YES. you can go off to known grind spots where players just sit there for hours on end kiling♥♥♥♥♥♥ but its not needed. im ranking up fairly fast, and im just sticking to quests. on to the pros and cons.Pros: Very Beautiful graphic wise        Such an indepth character creator, allowing you to customise pretty much everything         So much things to keep you entertained, (sailing, fishing, combat, just to name a few)         Alot of features and depth to say what the asking price is         it isnt a pay to win, and doesnt require a subscription (its optional)         Very future proof, meaning it has the potential to remain populated with players for years.cons: The Ocassional Lag (For me)          The ocassional FPS drop           Very Confusing for new players          Crashing (i havent, but ive seen it in reviews)          Quite a few bugs (bare in mind its a new steam release)There may be things i missed on both the pros and cons. but over all this game is fantastic, with so much potential of being one of the best MMORPGS thats ever dropped to us. Although some of you may experience horrible bugs/glitches/crashes etc, please bare in mind this is a new steam release. For the asking price of between £4-£15 this game is great value, thats jam packed full of content to keep you playing. Scores.Graphics 9/10  Gameplay 8/10  Smoothness 6/10 story/lore (so far) 6/10over all game score 8/10 such a baregain for such a great game. at the end of the day, for the asking price there isnt much to lose, if youre on the fence, do some research, and buy it!  
Mime.	Recommended	499.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mimegaming/	It's Weird, but pretty and time wasting goodness :)
Ket	Recommended	1,142.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198285555866/	Its not a game for everyone and its hard to get into but , if you watch the beginner guides on this and keep a open mind youll be having a good time :)
Yulyana	Not Recommended	631.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/yulyana/	Costs an extra $40 to buy pets, which are literally required if you want to progress in this game. Tack on another $30 or two months of frustrating market bidding trying to get an outfit.Worst part about this game is that the devs have no idea what they're doing. Barrier to entry in this game requires several thousand hours to ever even think about touching pvp, not even mentioning that the pvp is probably the worst balancing I've ever seen. The servers can't even handle the large-scale pvp they advertise.Highly recommend avoiding this game. Pick a different MMORPG.
Chips	Recommended	22.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/iamchips477/	A wizard has never been so fun to play. Wish I had a better pc, lags pretty bad in towns and populated areas but the game is amazing really.
Collision	Not Recommended	262.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198008679129/	Its a shame this game has a ton of fun mechanics because anything ejoyable is destroyed by game design that requires an insane amount of premium purchases to get and stay competitive. The combat is a blast and the sandbox/strategy elements are pretty deep and ejoyable complex but as youll play youll notice two things: theres not really a whole lot to do and that its impossible to get even close to a competetive PvP level without dropping some cash on the game. End game gear progression is 100% gambling. You have a chance to upgrade your gear up to 18 levels, all of which you need to get compettive. The resources required to gamble get ever more expensive and if you fail you risk damaging the max durability of your gear and at the last 3 levels you can actually downgrade if you fail. You either have to invest an insane amount of time to get these resources or drop some cash to get premium items that increase your chance but dont even gaurentee a sucessful upgrade. Ontop of this players with higher gear score are straight up given stat bonuses the higher their iLvL is, which seems to always be increasing. Because of the gear gamble, the insane amount of resources needed, and the reward of even more stats for higher iLvL, a new player will ALWAYS be literal years behind veteran players unless they drop a significant amount of money on the game.As for content, theres not a lot. Once you hit cap youll probably be farming the same spots until you quit the game. It honestly seems like most of the developers resources are aimed toward making new premium items to sell rather than expanding the game with anything meaningful. We get the occasional new character/class to play but theyre just an excuse to sell more character locked, stat-granting costumes. Theres next to no end game PvE content and if you want to participate in PvP youre going to need either a lot of time or a lot of money to get ready for it.Avoid this game because the fun systems will trick you into an endgame youll never be able to partcipate in unless you drop serious money.
Yavanna	Recommended	147.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SilmariIIon/	A pretty great game if you have a ton of spare time / leave your computer on or just like having a ton of things to do.I've only played for a few days worth at the moment with a level 37 sorc and a 17 maehwa and I'm sad to say half the time I spent playing was doing crafting, gathering, cooking, house decorating and making money. I'm not even close to the end game where PvP and advanced PvE is supposed to be an entirely new game but I already love it.So what can you do in this game?You can do the typical MMO thing where you follow the quests and keep steadily levelling OR you can simply take the two daily login rewards that give you either 200% combat experience for an hour or 300% combat exp for an hour and a half, 200% being 30min. You don't even need to quest to level up in this game. Quests are there however to increase your inventory space and teach game mechanics so it is worth doing them even when overleveled.If you get sick of killing mob after mob you can go ahead and do one of the many Lifeskills, gathering, cooking, alchemy, hunting, horse taming, farming and even sailing later on. Some of these skills go together like gathering can give you ingredients for farming cooking and alchemy, but even sailing and crafting countless items for houses and gear. The further you do these skills you can use better tools which make you do it even faster and better every day. Fishing for example gets reduction in time that you get fish bites, making AFK farming even greater.But what if you're tired of that as well? Theres even Player Housing in the game. You can buy houses which you can't go in but to make crafting areas for your NPC Workers, or storage slots and much more or you can just buy a Residence which allows you to build. You'll have to buy and craft furniture from around the entire game world however and furniture is weighty and expensive, meaning the bigger house you have = the more time and effort required. When I completed my first floor of my three story house though I just felt immersed.The real great thing about this game is immersion though, you can just sit back and hit T to auto run and then CTRL U to hide the UI and take some amazing pictures. Usually when a game has amazing graphics they have awful combat, but this game has excellent combat which allows you to combo pretty much every ability together.The best part? It's not even £20, or £10. It's practically a free MMORPG that has more content than most MMOs.
Perkaset	Not Recommended	135.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/YuRDumb/	 The opportunity cost of this game would give an economist a stroke.﻿
bfRIENDLY	Not Recommended	3,668.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/bfRIENDLY/	I wasted so much $$ on this game. Then One day I went outside and realized what a waste of time this game was. Uninstalled and never looked back after I seen the Sun again and my vampiric form slowly changed back to human again. I would not reccomend this game unless you already do not have a life and your ok with never seeing your family or friends again.
kaitos	Not Recommended	156.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198055507127/	honestly theres lots of good stuff in the game for example character creation is better then most other games and it isnt a exageration when people say its the best looking game at the very least its one of the bestproblem is for me personally even though thats about half of what i need half isnt good  enough  especially when theres other games that are closer to a whole. my biggest problem is lack of end game to me thats a huge part of mmo's that and playing with other players is what seperates it mostly from single player and proper end game gives it more playabilitythough if you like pvp then this definitely is the game for you since the only end game this game has is based around pvp theres also the infinite lvl grind but thats boring without any thing to use the lvl grind for except pvpthere were other problems but those were biggest and didnt want it to seem long winded
SPIRE Virtue	Recommended	1.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/tylervirtue/	Great game but definitely a lot better to play with friends who are prepared to grind with
Kaizen	Recommended	10,558.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/drummerdude56/	This is a game where I progress by not actually playing the game. 10/10
Lewan Lux	Recommended	1,187.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198161840954/	Pros:- Very openworld, much MUCH craft wow- Character creation is amazing, seriously-Besides con, it's NOT in fact, imo, pay to win- Amzing worker/building/workshop/contribution/farm system. On top of crafting. Cons:-Buy to play? Nope, pretty much F2P with an upfront cost. They will still try to leech money through costumes, furniture, etc. but the game is playable with lots of rewards as you go and a decent loyalty system. -Generlocked -mostly fem- classes.-Bit of pressure to buy outfits/costumes (armour does not change much)As a peaceful non-power-game fisher/farmer/trader, i really like how open this game is and how much you can explore. I have not yet reached endgame, but people do enjoy it and the community is not half bad as others at all!
✪NaNi✪	Recommended	91.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/cronan_h/	Very Noice character creation, mine is bae. 10/10 would re-create.
I need my payday too	Recommended	733.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/finto/	if you are prepared to spend $100 ish on the cash shop basics then it is fun for a good 400-500 hourshowever ! the developers are completely incompetent. beware as the game is becoming more and more pay to win. expect extremely long delays on content that other regions are getting.i still recommend this game because the time i spent was very enjoyable. feels like wasted potential more than anything
BioVenom	Recommended	2,672.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/BioVenomGaming/	This game incredibly over inflates your gametime. BDO rewards being AFK.Solid game for always having something to achieve/progess. Fun for now.Downside is it is Pay to win. Or at least pay for advantage, to the point where it is p2w.Waiting for another MMORPG to steal my time.
bfRIENDLY	Not Recommended	3,668.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/bfRIENDLY/	I wasted so much $$ on this game. Then One day I went outside and realized what a waste of time this game was. Uninstalled and never looked back after I seen the Sun again and my vampiric form slowly changed back to human again. I would not reccomend this game unless you already do not have a life and your ok with never seeing your family or friends again.
Yugo	Not Recommended	1,904.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198094346376/	Grinding for a chance to MAYBE upgrade your gear 2017.Game is mighty fun when leveling up, but at level 56 it slows into a crawl very violently. The classes are definently very fun to play and every single one has a role inside the PVP events in game, but the sooner you realize that the game has a very steep learning curve.....and open world PVP.....you might get a bit annoyed at the guy killing you every couple of minutes to take the farming spot ( Tried getting gud, people still out-geared me severly and no ammount of pots and buffs ever helped to defend any spot that i got attacked for )This is another case of wanting to love a game....but just realizing the spark is gonna be gone after a couple of months, while it may be great game, it just doesnt keep my attention very long... I keep falling asleep while grinding, even died a couple of times like that.I just cant reccomend it, im sorry.
GuZidi	Recommended	2,102.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198055064031/	AFK fishing, hell yeah!
ScottNoName	Not Recommended	1.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198288759461/	Game keeps saying "Disconnected from server" even though my internet is consistent, so i look on the forums to see if its a frequent problem, and apparently it is, and so i applied for a refund now rather than hope by some chance that they sort it.. Massive disappointment.
SADIESUUUU	Not Recommended	578.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198106857273/	i love this game dont get me wrong ive played the crap out of it its pretty and i like the vast amount of things you can do.i dont mind paying to win whatever.i would like for the stupid thing to work iver spent over 3weeks now trying to get the thing to play more than 3 mins without crashing. theres not even sound i wouldent mind that ither if i could just play the game.ive litteraly tryed everything i can think of and everything from evey fourm and youtube video i could find still no luck.reinstalled the game multiple times  [no effect]verified game files [no effect]tryed deleting the version.dat file  [no effect]hooked my pc to the router [no effect]had only the game open thats it  [no effect]tryed running it on potato windowed half my actual resolution [no effect]turned everything off on my router reboot it only let my pc run on it [no effect]changed every setting in the game trying to get anyhing [no effect]Ext if anyone has any idea how to fix this even hope let me know ill change my review if it works pc specs  intel core i7-6700 cpu @ 3.41 GHz 8.00 GB of ram <---- ram verified good GTX 1060 6GB 1tb hdd 1tb ssd tryed download on bothplease help me i wana play  
CrankySmurf	Recommended	199.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/CrankySmurf/	Great Game, so much to do, beautiful, I cant say enough. Here the thing the, the UI and game mechanics of the game are♥♥♥♥♥backwards. It seems like there was pains taking time put in to make the game time consuming to the point, you ask yourself, is this work or a game.
Burno	Recommended	146.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/burnolo/	What I liked+ The combat system. If you're a person who never got into MMORPG's because of the usually boring fights, this isn't the case. For my first time in the genre, pvp and pve magically became interesting, and I often find myself going to lowlevel zones just to experiment new combos. + Over that, the graphics are fantastic. Going back to any other mmorpg will make it look worse than Runescape.+ Plenty of stuff to do beyond farming mobs. You can go fishing, housing, cooking, chopping trees, hunting, sealing, trading, go meet new NPCs for a different exp, or just go for a quiet horse ride. + An huge map that takes hundreds of hours to fully explore. Also, there are no loading screens between areas, ♥♥♥♥ YEAH!+ Probably the best character editor ever. Very good waifu material.What I didn't like- Poor optimization in cities. You will soon find out that not even an i7+1080ti can run the game properly in those damn cities. (I'm running with an i5-4460 + 1050ti, and I'm getting 80+ fps in farming zones but 25-40 fps in cities)- The combat system is too much fast paced to play with friends. You will often find yourselves splitted from each other while farming mobs. It's not impossible of course, but it's not optimal.- It's not P2W, but it's Pay for convenience. For example, you can buy a pet which will automatically loot on dead mobs' corpses. Or, for instance, there are bundles which straight up upgrade your inventory carrying limits. It pisses many players off, including me to be honest. Also, about this point, I wanted to point out that it's much worse in the Korean/Russian version of the game. They've got a more "aggressive" shop which is definitely Pay2Win. We were "lucky".---------------------------------------------------------------------This is what I think of BDO, but I will of course update my review if it will be needed.
ET3RNAL☃	Recommended	1,108.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ET3RNALCSGO/	30 mins-3hr character customisation simulator....that's all there is to itBut no seriously the combat is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome and the visuals are stunning.
Sen Takatsuki	Recommended	82.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TakatsukiSenTG/	Absolutely love this game. It's a huge game with so much to do in terms of quests, levelling, life skills etc. Hugely recommend it if you like big open world RPG games, but it's much much better if you have people to play it with as constant solo play gets kinda boring.
[A] BakaOppai	Recommended	6,964.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198268796881/	This game is great if you're on welfare and have no life or job to go to. But bad because it's pay 2 enjoy. Not quite pay 2 win but it's practically impossible to enjoy or progress without buying things. And at $1 per single slot in your inventory the prices are rediculous to say the least. The game is basically impossible to enjoy without at least a minimum 50 of those slots, and things like pets which are $10 each (you need 4) and they're basically required to not want to kill yourself.  If it weren't for the overpriced shop it'd be a fine game, we'll see how much longer I play.  The only reason I have so many hours is afk fishing.All in all the game is awesome if you have unlimited money and time.
Im A Fetus	Recommended	448.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Northzyy/	Really fun and enjoyable game to adventure around and kill stuff and do quests and get loot is just amazing. Best thing i like in a video game such as this Open World,Looting,Skilling And A Lot More 10/10 for me and would recomment to anyone having doubts buying this game
RadKit	Recommended	501.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/RadKit/	TLDR: Worth $10 just to mess around with and level each class to 20.Looks great, runs great, and combat is super fun. It's Virtual Fighter the MMO. Google that if you're too young.No reason at all to get the traveler or explorer packs, no reason at all really to spend any cash at all, other than the base game.Almost everything can be gotten with in-game currency, and 100% of everything is just convience.After sinking some time in you might deside that convience is worth it, you might not, but I strongly recommend against doing anything up front.After 3 hours of leveling one character, I haven't even redeemed any of my explorer items and dont feel any real need to at all.If you go into the life skills, like crafting and fishing then you are probably going to want the inventory/storage expansions but I hardly think it would feel required.I'm super pumped about just messing around with each classes combat combos; just seeing the animations and slaughtering 100s of mobs in a few minutes. It's like testing each character in a fighting game, learning the specials, the combos...Just goofing off with the different class characters is worth $7 or $10 bucks to me.
Yoshi	Recommended	93.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/makinfreshbread/	Honestly, I'm not really an MMO person so this game was PERFECT for me. I've allways wanted to get into the MMO scene but I always found the combat systems to be really boring. This game has an amazing combat system, all the hits are so satisfying. I'm not too deep into the game yet, only around lvl 35, but I might redo the review once I reach endgame. The graphics are stunning, and doesn't require a super expensive setup, its very easily scalable, although I usually hover around 52 fps on my GTX 1060 3GB because I'm a sucker for graphics and don't want to reduce the antialiasing.  Pros: Really beautiful graphicsSatisfying action-combat systemTons of content for the price Cons:Really ♥♥♥♥♥♥ localization. I don't know what's going on in the story man, you'd definitely have to look to an outside source to make sense of everything.Very hardware intensive on higher settings.Steep learning curve. The shoddy tutorial combined with the bad localization make learning the game a pain.Overall: I'd give the game an 8/10 so far. It has captured me more than any other game of it's kind has before.
Neat.qt'<3	Recommended	2,176.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/neatforever/	I have over 600 days /played in WoW and I will never return to a tab target combat centric MMO again after playing this game.On top of that this game is so cheap for what it offers. Give it a test run. If it's not for you, It's not for you.... But it sure as hell is for me.
Mr Criminal196	Recommended	16.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198168507547/	although ive only scratched the surface with just shy of 8hours. i bought this while it was on sale for four pounds, and i must say itt definately is worth the asking price. ive been seeing alot of negative reviews which nearly put me off buying this game. DONT LISTEN TO EM! everyone has a different experience. me. i havent suffered with barley any issues. the issues i will state later on. but anyways. this game is beautiful, full of content, very very fun. At first everything is so confusing and overwhelming, but give it a few hours and youll start to pick up the basics, although im still confused as hell, i know il gradually learn. now onto the whole subject of it being nothing but boring grinding (according to alot of the negative reviews). This game is an action packed MMORPG, yes there is grinding, but it really depends on how you play, in which will effect on your perspective of the word grinding. now ive been playing quests back to back, with very little pit stops in order to kill a few things, so i could keep learning how to use my character. This game hasnt got a boring grind, if you stick to the quests the game intends. YES. you can go off to known grind spots where players just sit there for hours on end kiling♥♥♥♥♥♥ but its not needed. im ranking up fairly fast, and im just sticking to quests. on to the pros and cons.Pros: Very Beautiful graphic wise        Such an indepth character creator, allowing you to customise pretty much everything         So much things to keep you entertained, (sailing, fishing, combat, just to name a few)         Alot of features and depth to say what the asking price is         it isnt a pay to win, and doesnt require a subscription (its optional)         Very future proof, meaning it has the potential to remain populated with players for years.cons: The Ocassional Lag (For me)          The ocassional FPS drop           Very Confusing for new players          Crashing (i havent, but ive seen it in reviews)          Quite a few bugs (bare in mind its a new steam release)There may be things i missed on both the pros and cons. but over all this game is fantastic, with so much potential of being one of the best MMORPGS thats ever dropped to us. Although some of you may experience horrible bugs/glitches/crashes etc, please bare in mind this is a new steam release. For the asking price of between £4-£15 this game is great value, thats jam packed full of content to keep you playing. Scores.Graphics 9/10  Gameplay 8/10  Smoothness 6/10 story/lore (so far) 6/10over all game score 8/10 such a baregain for such a great game. at the end of the day, for the asking price there isnt much to lose, if youre on the fence, do some research, and buy it!  
Mime.	Recommended	499.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mimegaming/	It's Weird, but pretty and time wasting goodness :)
Tommy	Not Recommended	5.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198086235029/	great game play  awsome skills   why i didint play past lvl 30  is  mainly  lack of armor an weapons  THERE IS NO LOOT   also if i put the camera to low the screen would darken  an wouldnt look good is less noticeable  on MED settingsNO LOOT NO DEAL  
IFARTWELL	Recommended	4,301.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198048316913/	construct your own slave empire with an grinding mini-game 10/10
proatcookin	Not Recommended	3,066.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/LonnieLunchbox/	P2W
RagePro	Not Recommended	2,314.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197970122560/	This game is almost brilliant. Except for a few things. Let's start with the good. immersive, addicting gameplay. The best combat system I have ever experienced in any game ever. I mean it just rocks. It makes the hours of grinding loads of fun. And you will need to grind. You can play this game hours a day, barely move the experience bar, then die a few times on the bosses and lose it all. But all that is manageable and okay. Why is it bad? Sounds fun so far? Oh, it's fun. Fun is not its problem. Let's start with the fact that they punish you. At every single turn. For example. Your bag space is limited, okay normal so far. There are tons of different turn in items from NPC's. Not all are even worth turning in. Your pets you're almost required to purchase to play efficiently (they loot for you, and 99.9% of the game is grinding to 60 (can take a casual player MONTHS even if said player plays daily) so you fill up rather fast, not only on space but weight. Things again, for efficiently you would have to buy in their cash shop. Let's be clear, at this point, I am still okay, I am a business owner, I understand they gotta pay people to keep up the cool game. But then you go to clear your bags, and the NPC's refuse you everything. You cannot turn in any quests, or turn-ins because you're too heavy. So the bag space and weight are not optional, and for your convenience, when this happens the give you a little cash shop icon on your screen that flashes to remind you to break out your wallet. Still optional. I am still kinda okay with it at that point. Here is where I lose it. When you break down and buy something. You don't get receipts. So when you have a problem, and you will. You have no way to prove you paid for something. So after weeks of waiting for an answer about a cheap item, they will tell you to go pound sand. How is steam allowing this game to not provide receipts? This does not strike me as an ethical company that you will like doing business with. So far, I wish I could go back in time avoid this trap.
Ace of Razgriz	Recommended	4,932.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ace_of_razgriz/	Looking for a game that has the unfairest RNG? or one that you can AFK all day and progress? how about a game where it will take you days or even weeks to level up one level when you reach near highest level? well look no more. BDO is the game for you. get ready to rage at RNG as it F**ks you over and over again and waste your ingame currency on (or real money xD) but hey you will be at it again and again anyways. fastest way to earn ingame currency is to buy pearl items and sell it on the MP so all you wallet warriors can earn easy money to gear your characters. now lets go to bosses. if you want to do alot of work and get nothing that was worth the work then this game is also for you. you can be the first one there and drop its hp but as soon as others come and outdamage you. your chances to get the good loots just went from good to bad to slim to garbage. but for anyone who wants to play a game that you can explore a vast world that will take you forever. (litterally, meh maybe forever) this game is for you. so come one come all and have a fun/angry/laughable time on BDO. or you can stay away from the game if you dont wana rage 90% of the time when you try to upgrade your gear.( was this funny enough xD) 
Hox	Recommended	3,035.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198250929376/	Not gonna lie i was really mmorpg player and always was craving for something new. All mmorpgs where same with small changes but then i saw this gem game where old and new ideas are united.Do you want action combat where your keyboard , mouse and skills are put to test then you are welcome if you are expectin same grind grind for money , weapons dont, since this game is not your dungeon grind farm this is your real farm where youl be doing buissnes and where mind is going to work. Together with strong pvp battles your only way to keep your♥♥♥♥♥high on that pvp throne you need to make money make your own armor and keep this going or your going to hit the stairs below your throne and you dont even know what happend.Thanks to this features your going at least for 2000 h played.Well that was long a hoped this game will win steam awards.And last one even if i have 5.5 h i am definitly going at least for 3000.:D hold u thump for me guys. 
Capriikose	Recommended	63.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198245753376/	Not having played all too much yet but-the graphics are amazing-like the story quest so far-exited for moreI love it.
Rigatoni	Not Recommended	23.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198045973228/	Great looking game with terrible optimisation, terrible story, fun and flashy combat. To make matters work the korean company has made the game pay to win with in game purchases that radically change the game. Do not buy this game!
Hox	Recommended	3,035.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198250929376/	Not gonna lie i was really mmorpg player and always was craving for something new. All mmorpgs where same with small changes but then i saw this gem game where old and new ideas are united.Do you want action combat where your keyboard , mouse and skills are put to test then you are welcome if you are expectin same grind grind for money , weapons dont, since this game is not your dungeon grind farm this is your real farm where youl be doing buissnes and where mind is going to work. Together with strong pvp battles your only way to keep your♥♥♥♥♥high on that pvp throne you need to make money make your own armor and keep this going or your going to hit the stairs below your throne and you dont even know what happend.Thanks to this features your going at least for 2000 h played.Well that was long a hoped this game will win steam awards.And last one even if i have 5.5 h i am definitly going at least for 3000.:D hold u thump for me guys. 
Capriikose	Recommended	63.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198245753376/	Not having played all too much yet but-the graphics are amazing-like the story quest so far-exited for moreI love it.
RagePro	Not Recommended	2,314.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197970122560/	This game is almost brilliant. Except for a few things. Let's start with the good. immersive, addicting gameplay. The best combat system I have ever experienced in any game ever. I mean it just rocks. It makes the hours of grinding loads of fun. And you will need to grind. You can play this game hours a day, barely move the experience bar, then die a few times on the bosses and lose it all. But all that is manageable and okay. Why is it bad? Sounds fun so far? Oh, it's fun. Fun is not its problem. Let's start with the fact that they punish you. At every single turn. For example. Your bag space is limited, okay normal so far. There are tons of different turn in items from NPC's. Not all are even worth turning in. Your pets you're almost required to purchase to play efficiently (they loot for you, and 99.9% of the game is grinding to 60 (can take a casual player MONTHS even if said player plays daily) so you fill up rather fast, not only on space but weight. Things again, for efficiently you would have to buy in their cash shop. Let's be clear, at this point, I am still okay, I am a business owner, I understand they gotta pay people to keep up the cool game. But then you go to clear your bags, and the NPC's refuse you everything. You cannot turn in any quests, or turn-ins because you're too heavy. So the bag space and weight are not optional, and for your convenience, when this happens the give you a little cash shop icon on your screen that flashes to remind you to break out your wallet. Still optional. I am still kinda okay with it at that point. Here is where I lose it. When you break down and buy something. You don't get receipts. So when you have a problem, and you will. You have no way to prove you paid for something. So after weeks of waiting for an answer about a cheap item, they will tell you to go pound sand. How is steam allowing this game to not provide receipts? This does not strike me as an ethical company that you will like doing business with. So far, I wish I could go back in time avoid this trap.
Sauces	Not Recommended	677.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Orc__Peon/	Fix your ♥♥♥♥♥♥ pay to win garbage Kowea
ミ★ Grace	Not Recommended	43.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/charixards/	I wanted to enjoy this game so badly and play with my girlfriend but I have not been on in months. Don't get me wrong, the graphics and combat were great. There were so many other elements that were also extremely enjoyable. I tried hard to get into the game but I was never for the ridiculous in-game purchases to begin with, even before they made these most recent changes. Now with this whole "remastered" thing, (totally unnecessary, since this game is still fairly new) I know for a fact that I will definitely not be playing this game with the way it is right now and will continue playing Warframe (where players do not have to pay any money to progress in the game, just work hard to earn it). Veterans who have had thousands of hours in this game will now be surpassed by people who can use their credit cards more often and that is extremely unfortunate that there is no true reward for actually playing the game... because what's the point otherwise?
Coors Light Combine	Recommended	8.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/theautisticgamer/	This is just my initial thoughts on this game. Will change it later when I play more of it.Wow. This game is pretty epic. The soundtrack, the classes, the black spirit, the NPCS are interesting, the graphics are outstanding. So much to do in this vast world.Many people like me were discouraged by the huge world of BDO, mainly because of it's combo system, UI, and many other things in the game that are not conventional. Thankfully, after watching a tutorial guide on how to play it, I jumped in, played nearly two hours of it and absolutely enjoyed my first session. The soundtrack I think is the best part of this game, It delivers the epic feeling an MMORPG should have. The graphics are some of the best looking I've seen in this generation and fits perfectly with the game's foreign influences. The UI is actually not as terrifying as I thought it would be, although there are many things in the ESC menu that I need to look at still. Character creation was a bit disappointing though, as you are basically stuck with one design for your character (I might have missed something, but that's what I saw)I'm playing as a Berserker right now and many people say you should stick with the Story and Black Spirit quests first, then do all the other things.That is what I'm doing right now and I think this advice is perfect for beginners like me. The combo system takes a little time to get used to, but once you figure it out you're basically ready to grind mobs and stuff as there is a lengthy tutorial in the game.I'm not very keen to playing MMORPGS nowadays, I've had my share at Neverwinter, Path of Exile, WOW, Everquest and other games, but this felt truely like an experience I want to continue. If this game gets a good amount of content for me to keep playing like expansions and stuff like that, then count me in to playing even more of this wonderful world.Try it out, it's a really amazing game with unconventional action combat and awesome soundtrack and graphics.
BioVenom	Recommended	2,672.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/BioVenomGaming/	This game incredibly over inflates your gametime. BDO rewards being AFK.Solid game for always having something to achieve/progess. Fun for now.Downside is it is Pay to win. Or at least pay for advantage, to the point where it is p2w.Waiting for another MMORPG to steal my time.
Scaw	Recommended	1,006.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/sc4w/	The world is open to you.You can customize your character, be it a warrior, a mage or something inbetween, as you desire.You can then give them tasks like becoming a fisher or lumberjack while they slash or explode their way through a horde of enemies.Best of all; You don't even have to make microtransactions for all of this!
SPIRE Virtue	Recommended	1.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/tylervirtue/	Great game but definitely a lot better to play with friends who are prepared to grind with
Kaizen	Recommended	10,558.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/drummerdude56/	This is a game where I progress by not actually playing the game. 10/10
SourJ	Not Recommended	11.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SourJ/	Poorly Optimized
Mr 1080	Not Recommended	65.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Mr_1080/	if you don't like how balacned and how it's pay to win then don't purchase this game, the missions are boring and they are all the same
Ket	Recommended	1,142.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198285555866/	Its not a game for everyone and its hard to get into but , if you watch the beginner guides on this and keep a open mind youll be having a good time :)
The Suppressed	Recommended	93.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Ajax_Death/	*Now to start I know I havent played that many hours of this game yet, but hear me out on my opinion of the product.This game is very fun, i would highly recommend this product. Its one of the better MMO's i have found in recent years. Its combat style is fun and flashy, the map is large and there is plenty to explore, the economic system is diffrent and interesting, and the production system is fun and has some challenge to it. I don't have many criticisms for this game, but the biggest one i have is they shove hints down your throat and there not really that helpful. Its easier to figure it out on your own. However, Im sure there is a way to remove them. Other then that I would highly recommend this game to seasoned MMO players and even those who are curious about MMO's. Just be sure to take the time to learn and dont get overly frustrated.
Coors Light Combine	Recommended	8.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/theautisticgamer/	This is just my initial thoughts on this game. Will change it later when I play more of it.Wow. This game is pretty epic. The soundtrack, the classes, the black spirit, the NPCS are interesting, the graphics are outstanding. So much to do in this vast world.Many people like me were discouraged by the huge world of BDO, mainly because of it's combo system, UI, and many other things in the game that are not conventional. Thankfully, after watching a tutorial guide on how to play it, I jumped in, played nearly two hours of it and absolutely enjoyed my first session. The soundtrack I think is the best part of this game, It delivers the epic feeling an MMORPG should have. The graphics are some of the best looking I've seen in this generation and fits perfectly with the game's foreign influences. The UI is actually not as terrifying as I thought it would be, although there are many things in the ESC menu that I need to look at still. Character creation was a bit disappointing though, as you are basically stuck with one design for your character (I might have missed something, but that's what I saw)I'm playing as a Berserker right now and many people say you should stick with the Story and Black Spirit quests first, then do all the other things.That is what I'm doing right now and I think this advice is perfect for beginners like me. The combo system takes a little time to get used to, but once you figure it out you're basically ready to grind mobs and stuff as there is a lengthy tutorial in the game.I'm not very keen to playing MMORPGS nowadays, I've had my share at Neverwinter, Path of Exile, WOW, Everquest and other games, but this felt truely like an experience I want to continue. If this game gets a good amount of content for me to keep playing like expansions and stuff like that, then count me in to playing even more of this wonderful world.Try it out, it's a really amazing game with unconventional action combat and awesome soundtrack and graphics.
Sauces	Not Recommended	677.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Orc__Peon/	Fix your ♥♥♥♥♥♥ pay to win garbage Kowea
1000Eyes	Not Recommended	14.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/echarry12/	I'm sad that htis game ended up being garbage. :(
cslashrocks	Recommended	418.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/cslashrocks/	Employee(Hello welcome to Mc. Donalds, may i take your order?)Me(Hello uhm id like)Economics with a side of RPGThis game is a Fantasy Economics game you can pick from lots of things to make money from Fishing - Trading - Slave Empire - Horse Taming - Horse Breeding - Cooking - Buy&Sell Market RatingsGraphics 10/10Immersion 10/10Combat 10/10Co-op 4/10PvP 6/10Story 5/10Female Characters 9001/10Male Characters 7/10
Ace of Razgriz	Recommended	4,932.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ace_of_razgriz/	Looking for a game that has the unfairest RNG? or one that you can AFK all day and progress? how about a game where it will take you days or even weeks to level up one level when you reach near highest level? well look no more. BDO is the game for you. get ready to rage at RNG as it F**ks you over and over again and waste your ingame currency on (or real money xD) but hey you will be at it again and again anyways. fastest way to earn ingame currency is to buy pearl items and sell it on the MP so all you wallet warriors can earn easy money to gear your characters. now lets go to bosses. if you want to do alot of work and get nothing that was worth the work then this game is also for you. you can be the first one there and drop its hp but as soon as others come and outdamage you. your chances to get the good loots just went from good to bad to slim to garbage. but for anyone who wants to play a game that you can explore a vast world that will take you forever. (litterally, meh maybe forever) this game is for you. so come one come all and have a fun/angry/laughable time on BDO. or you can stay away from the game if you dont wana rage 90% of the time when you try to upgrade your gear.( was this funny enough xD) 
Hox	Recommended	3,035.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198250929376/	Not gonna lie i was really mmorpg player and always was craving for something new. All mmorpgs where same with small changes but then i saw this gem game where old and new ideas are united.Do you want action combat where your keyboard , mouse and skills are put to test then you are welcome if you are expectin same grind grind for money , weapons dont, since this game is not your dungeon grind farm this is your real farm where youl be doing buissnes and where mind is going to work. Together with strong pvp battles your only way to keep your♥♥♥♥♥high on that pvp throne you need to make money make your own armor and keep this going or your going to hit the stairs below your throne and you dont even know what happend.Thanks to this features your going at least for 2000 h played.Well that was long a hoped this game will win steam awards.And last one even if i have 5.5 h i am definitly going at least for 3000.:D hold u thump for me guys. 
Rigatoni	Not Recommended	23.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198045973228/	Great looking game with terrible optimisation, terrible story, fun and flashy combat. To make matters work the korean company has made the game pay to win with in game purchases that radically change the game. Do not buy this game!
Löx	Not Recommended	244.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/4256456/	I mean this game can be fun during the holidays, but the community is literally the worst. The community is more toxic than CSGO and maybe slightly under rust. The game is very time consuming.
ミ★ Grace	Not Recommended	43.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/charixards/	I wanted to enjoy this game so badly and play with my girlfriend but I have not been on in months. Don't get me wrong, the graphics and combat were great. There were so many other elements that were also extremely enjoyable. I tried hard to get into the game but I was never for the ridiculous in-game purchases to begin with, even before they made these most recent changes. Now with this whole "remastered" thing, (totally unnecessary, since this game is still fairly new) I know for a fact that I will definitely not be playing this game with the way it is right now and will continue playing Warframe (where players do not have to pay any money to progress in the game, just work hard to earn it). Veterans who have had thousands of hours in this game will now be surpassed by people who can use their credit cards more often and that is extremely unfortunate that there is no true reward for actually playing the game... because what's the point otherwise?
Tibby	Not Recommended	602.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SPowers/	Ive had enough of the P2W
ρε⸸ε	Not Recommended	19.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/youdontneedme/	So where to start,I really like this game especially the combat! I started playing as berserker and I was expecting some heavy attacks and zero mobility but I was wrong I had some real fun with berserker. Eventually I moved to striker and oh boy I felt every singe hit, combo, kick and yea the combat is just perfect I don't know what to say I want to eventually play every class but I think non of them have static combat style it's just awesome.Questing is very unique too, instead of getting EXP you get contribution EXP which you can spend on nodes, houses, cities and these things makes you money which again is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome! I never seen something like this before. And you can level up by grinding mobs in certain areas. If you unlock some nodes these areas grant you bonus loot or exp.Anyway I'm still learning stuff but one thing I really despise is how uneffective traveling is. Yea it's nice you have storage in one city and different in another but it's really painful to travel long distances to just sell stuff and mostly store silver. I really like the thing where you can farm some type of junk and sell that specific junk to specific NPC which gives you extra money. Also I really like the effort you put in one character. By walking long distances you level up (stamina?) or by eating and yea it's really sweet to see the effort you put in one character. Also doing skills is really fun but the thing I want to say is the weight system + that traveling thing is just pain. I stoped looting mobs when I want to make progress in quests becasue it's just painful. I know this game is really cheap to get but the premium shop is such a big convenience. This game is not p2w but getting some stuff form there is just NEED.I'll try to get into this game more and survive the start and definitely edit this review in the future.
neil degrasse tyson	Not Recommended	0.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/tanman9990/	Even if you get past all the negative reviews here, The steam version is a complete trainwreck. You will be lucky if you can even get the game to launch.Just buy it from the website.
cslashrocks	Recommended	418.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/cslashrocks/	Employee(Hello welcome to Mc. Donalds, may i take your order?)Me(Hello uhm id like)Economics with a side of RPGThis game is a Fantasy Economics game you can pick from lots of things to make money from Fishing - Trading - Slave Empire - Horse Taming - Horse Breeding - Cooking - Buy&Sell Market RatingsGraphics 10/10Immersion 10/10Combat 10/10Co-op 4/10PvP 6/10Story 5/10Female Characters 9001/10Male Characters 7/10
Coors Light Combine	Recommended	8.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/theautisticgamer/	This is just my initial thoughts on this game. Will change it later when I play more of it.Wow. This game is pretty epic. The soundtrack, the classes, the black spirit, the NPCS are interesting, the graphics are outstanding. So much to do in this vast world.Many people like me were discouraged by the huge world of BDO, mainly because of it's combo system, UI, and many other things in the game that are not conventional. Thankfully, after watching a tutorial guide on how to play it, I jumped in, played nearly two hours of it and absolutely enjoyed my first session. The soundtrack I think is the best part of this game, It delivers the epic feeling an MMORPG should have. The graphics are some of the best looking I've seen in this generation and fits perfectly with the game's foreign influences. The UI is actually not as terrifying as I thought it would be, although there are many things in the ESC menu that I need to look at still. Character creation was a bit disappointing though, as you are basically stuck with one design for your character (I might have missed something, but that's what I saw)I'm playing as a Berserker right now and many people say you should stick with the Story and Black Spirit quests first, then do all the other things.That is what I'm doing right now and I think this advice is perfect for beginners like me. The combo system takes a little time to get used to, but once you figure it out you're basically ready to grind mobs and stuff as there is a lengthy tutorial in the game.I'm not very keen to playing MMORPGS nowadays, I've had my share at Neverwinter, Path of Exile, WOW, Everquest and other games, but this felt truely like an experience I want to continue. If this game gets a good amount of content for me to keep playing like expansions and stuff like that, then count me in to playing even more of this wonderful world.Try it out, it's a really amazing game with unconventional action combat and awesome soundtrack and graphics.
Kitsuna	Not Recommended	1,095.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/shikaga0770/	I spent over 1000 hours in this game (Not as much as others) just to find out that the company has absolutely no idea on how to manage an MMORPG. The scaling keeps getting broken further and further, 90% of the classes at this rate will be unviable. I really wanted to love this game.
ж ٠ Vøidεss	Not Recommended	615.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Voidess/	Was fun for awhile, Until you reach the point that you relized every single core fundamental mechanics are designed to be extremely tedious and frustrating to point where your actually don't want to play, and the only way around that is to Pay to win it how suffer hundreds of hours for a chance to get the same item your could have p2w for. If you looking to buy this game just youtube the enchanting system that is in it. You will quickly see the frustation this game can hold.
neil degrasse tyson	Not Recommended	0.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/tanman9990/	Even if you get past all the negative reviews here, The steam version is a complete trainwreck. You will be lucky if you can even get the game to launch.Just buy it from the website.
ж ٠ Vøidεss	Not Recommended	615.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Voidess/	Was fun for awhile, Until you reach the point that you relized every single core fundamental mechanics are designed to be extremely tedious and frustrating to point where your actually don't want to play, and the only way around that is to Pay to win it how suffer hundreds of hours for a chance to get the same item your could have p2w for. If you looking to buy this game just youtube the enchanting system that is in it. You will quickly see the frustation this game can hold.
ρε⸸ε	Not Recommended	19.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/youdontneedme/	So where to start,I really like this game especially the combat! I started playing as berserker and I was expecting some heavy attacks and zero mobility but I was wrong I had some real fun with berserker. Eventually I moved to striker and oh boy I felt every singe hit, combo, kick and yea the combat is just perfect I don't know what to say I want to eventually play every class but I think non of them have static combat style it's just awesome.Questing is very unique too, instead of getting EXP you get contribution EXP which you can spend on nodes, houses, cities and these things makes you money which again is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome! I never seen something like this before. And you can level up by grinding mobs in certain areas. If you unlock some nodes these areas grant you bonus loot or exp.Anyway I'm still learning stuff but one thing I really despise is how uneffective traveling is. Yea it's nice you have storage in one city and different in another but it's really painful to travel long distances to just sell stuff and mostly store silver. I really like the thing where you can farm some type of junk and sell that specific junk to specific NPC which gives you extra money. Also I really like the effort you put in one character. By walking long distances you level up (stamina?) or by eating and yea it's really sweet to see the effort you put in one character. Also doing skills is really fun but the thing I want to say is the weight system + that traveling thing is just pain. I stoped looting mobs when I want to make progress in quests becasue it's just painful. I know this game is really cheap to get but the premium shop is such a big convenience. This game is not p2w but getting some stuff form there is just NEED.I'll try to get into this game more and survive the start and definitely edit this review in the future.
NorseBear	Recommended	148.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Flizzyfizz/	This game is something different. Love it. Took a while to get into. But once you've gotten into it, it's great.
Akuashisu	Not Recommended	2,054.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198125067732/	Play this game if you want to lose everything in life including your virginity,soul,and the will to live.
♛Krammz♛	Not Recommended	1,172.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/1519816015841/	BDO is a great game that has an amazing combat system and beautiful graphics, you can really emmerse yourself in it.The game however has some flaws, mainly the character progression, see in order to progress you must grind (a lot) but the problem is: It is not enough being already hard to find a spot to grind but in any mooment some random dude at lvl 60-ish with full boss gear can come and wreck your ****** character and you can do nothing and that is super anoying.The gear progressions is also really bad as it relies in pure RNG instead of your hard work, see you will farm for a whole week to get like a billion silver coins and they will just be gone if you try to upgrade your gear to TET (second highest level) and fail! BUT WAIT that's not all, for some random reason the devs decided it was a great idea to regress your gear back one level -.-So it goes like this:PRIDUOTRITETPENIf you try a TET upgrade with your TRI piece and fail you will get your DUO piece back!Other than that the game felt great until now... As of now the devs decided to turn back on their promise and they started building the "full p2w road" and what i mean by that is paying an absurd ammount of money (around 200$) to get a free PEN attempt, what i mean is your wallet will put you in a spot were a PEN attemp will NOT regress your gear anymore!Some people say that this is not a huge change but I can guarantee you that half of them have not tried a PEN attempt and do not know what it costs to try it and fail it from a player that does not follows the p2w road.I would recommend this game about a year ago, it is still probably the best mmo on the market in terms of gameplay but the devs do not give a **** about the community, they just want to suck your wallet until there is nothing left!STAY AWAY FROM IT!
Infern02k	Not Recommended	119.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Infern02k/	 TL;DR  Black Desert Online's last few updates were just p2w additions. The remastered version was just a coverup for adding more p2w options, and the updates that followed weren't any better. Used to be a really good game but the developers completely ruined it.  Now for the more detailed review... Black Desert Online is a masterpiece... precisely what I was looking for in an MMORPG. There is so much in the game including: a vast open-world consisting of different biomes, different lifeskills you can do to earn money, lots of well designed cities and areas, amazing endgame (solo and group) PVP, some of the best graphics found in any MMORPG's so far,  and much more. So, judging by that, you might be wondering what ruined the game.The short answer is the developers/publishers took this once amazing game and butchered it. Quite a while ago, they once promised to make the European and NA servers not as p2w as the Korean servers. However, they went against their promise.  Noone saw it coming despite what happened to the Korean servers...  When I got the game in early August 2018, the p2w features were not so bad. I easily kept up by doing several hours of afk farming a day. Some players claimed it was P2W even then, but others argued it wasn't. But once the remastered version came out, 5 main features were implemented:- Better graphics for high-end PC's (surprisingly many people disliked it because they were too bright and vivid and overall just not too great)- Better FPS especially for low-end PC's- New music (wasn't really notable)- A worse UI in-game (everyone wants to change it back. You no longer see the health bar while fighting and have to keep looking at the corner of the screen... RIP big monitor users)- and unfortunetly..  P2W features I didn't mind it at first but the several updates that followed the remastered update were nothing more than even  more P2W features  which began to completely ruin the game experience for me and many other players. We already pay $13 for the game itself, and yet people are now being forced to spend  hundreds of dollars  in order to be better than others. Yes, it's possible to catch up, but it would take you several hundreds if not thousands of hours of farming and grinding in order to get anywhere close to them.In addition, I can't log onto the BDO site and changing my password does not work. Just a heads-up for some people buying through Steam.I really wanted to enjoy the game. It's just so unique and has everything I look for in an MMORPG, but until the devs reverse their P2W nonsense, I won't be playing the game, or let alone feeding the developers any more money than the money I originally spent to buy BDO.- Infern02k
Aero182	Not Recommended	37.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198018190008/	i played, thought it was kinda  fun, but i live in OCE and played on an asian server. couldnt really enjoy it cos of the latency. this game relies on skillshots and reaction time and stuff.I'd only recommend game if they have a server in your region, otherwise don't get it.
SweeepStar	Recommended	10,137.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SweeepStar/	You buy the game when its on sale and think oh dayum this is a cheap game and thats were you are wrong
Sagias	Recommended	1,549.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198094976296/	After some time i've spent on this game i will point out some pros and cons i found througout my experience of the gam to help you decide if this game is for you..PROS:1) Spectacular wolrd with amazing landscape and probably the best char creation.2) One of the best combat/fight system3) A lot of things to explore and master despite the Mob killing part4) Incredible details in every aspect of the game5) It can give you easily 500 hours of gameplay before it becomes boring and rediculusly difficult to progressCONS:1) If you are not willing to spent 50$ for 5 pets + 30$ on weight limit + 15 $ monthly for valuepack you will not be able to play the game. you can still have some fun but there is gonna be a time when you will see by yourself that those expenses are the bare minimum you need to make the game playable2) Game based on hardcore grinding and by hardocre i mean HARDCORE. After a point in the game when you will learn the ways you will see that everything you need need endless grinding3) Huge gear gap between players which have as a result after 56 lvl and after you leave olvia servers(a server only for the first month of your gameplay) every single player that attacks you will one shot you without even trying like 100 to 0 in 2 seconds and in order to reach their lvl you need either to be extremely lucky or devote to the game and spent huge amounts of time daily or P2W way which i cant explain to you right now ( just have in mind that if you want to use the P2W  way it is extremely expensive / maybe thousands of dollars for end game gear )4) The game is complicated enough that makes you to spent many hours watching guides online (which many times are outdated ) in order to varius things in the game from completing a single quest to creating your own empire5) And last but not least READ AGAIN CON NUMBER 1 IT IS TRUE!! if you are not willing to pay the above mentioned money you will still have about 500 hours of fun gameplay and a huge continent to explore but there are gonna be places that you are not be able even schratch a mob and you wont be able to pvp anybody.If you managed to read the whole thing and you are reading this sentese and you decided to buy the game i wish you a happy and fun gameplay and you will learn the art of patience. For those who decided that this game is not for you dont worry there are plenty games and i am sure you will find what you seek for in one of the many MMO RPGS collections of steam! Good luck and have a nice day
Edinyau	Not Recommended	4,938.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/edinyau/	Microtransactions... and rng...
Vladimir	Not Recommended	256.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Hemomagus/	As someone with many more hours in the non steam version of this game, I can't say i suggest it.Good:- Its pretty, i guess.- It has 1 or 2 fun classes (though lets face it, they're not the op ones everyone plays).- Something to do.- Can be addicting if you don't play alone.Bad:- Highly cash shop centered. You're at a disadvantage if you don't buy a costume and then drop $15 a month on value pack (lets just be honest here. the game never says it outright, but this is basically a premium membership, boasting all the typical benefits that a ftp game gives you for paying for premium) You can even buy a cash shop item and sell it for a pretty good amount of silver.- Highly centered on the "set it and leave it" style of play, like a mobile game. the only way to level things like training, fishing, processing, breath, strength, ect is to set your charactor on an autopath/autofish/masscrafting and leave the game on for a few hours. the only way to level a horse is to ride it alot, so basically set it on autopath with carrots in your bag and go to bed. Theres no benefit to not afk leveling this stuff as it will take so much longer.- Grind to grind so you can grind while your grind is grinding. Everything is grinding in this game. you can soar up to level 50 in under a day, but then it can take weeks to get to 56 and then months beyond that. Rather then smooth out and space out levels like other games do, this game arbitrarily makes the first 50 levels easy and then the others are ridiculusly long. It only serves to pad out the game more and make you want that extra 25% exp bonus from the cash shop items more.- classic korean ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t rng gear upgrading thats absolutely manditory. Its unfulfilling, has nothing to do with your skill or effort, its compeltely random weither or not you can upgrade something. You'll just end up buying already upgraded gear and selling your black stones, but in the end, SOMEONE needs to do the dirty work. I've always hated these systems as they're needlessly idiotic and braindead.- Bad community. Honestly every community has those few darling little honeybees flying over the rotten bubbling bog of dead fruit, but they're most certainly not the norm. I'd say sticking your head into a wasps nest will get you a more welcoming response then joining a guild on here.
Captn_Cabolfa	Not Recommended	496.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/belderom/	so about 3 to 4 months ago i got black desert online cause it looked like a fun mmo. and it is. great grafics, hard but time worthy macanics BUT, one thins that i dont like about it and especly being a nood at this game is. when you join one of their boosting servers, you get to play for 30 days and then you cant play aftr 30 days on any server. but i do understand that they want to keep people from lvl up all of there char, but when you cant join a normal server with out boosting. i think thats a load of BS. now here is my problem, i played on the boosting servers for the 30 days thn on day 31 i wasnt alowed to play. and i was ok with that. but here on month 2 over 30 days. i still cant play the game. what the hell! so if you chose to buy this game STAY AWAY FROM THE BOOSTING SERVERS THEY WILL SCREW YOU OVER LIKE THEY SCREWED ME OVER FROM PLAYING THIS FUN GAME!
Gifith Vrumoth	Recommended	618.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Granfalloon_Seneschal/	I was neglected when was growing up and I never have ever felt like I was friends with anybody my whole life. Every relationship that I have ever had was just fake because other people would use me to virtue signal to get laid or appear compassionate. I have developed a fear of being touched. I will never be loved and I hate myself for not being worth a damn.
elektro	Recommended	331.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/elektro1907/	Definitely one of the best MMORPGs, if not THE best. Extremely addictive and fun, overwhelmingly complex mechanics, neverending content and frequent updates/events.Don't play it unless you have tons of free time and energy to spend.9/10.
tizeY	Recommended	29.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/therealtizeY/	Black Desert Online for me personally was something that i saw and just wanted to give a try.Turns out this game for me personally is the best MMORPG there has been in the last decade.There is no P2W.There is a proper tutorial.It doesn't run like Crap either...And there is no lag for me personally with an really mediocre internet connection that i do not have for myself.I mean hell i launched the game and was surprised by how much there was really to do from there on , there was plenty to customize regarding ingame options.There is just so much to customize every aspect of your Character.It's fun to play , it seems to have a decent amount of content and Quite frankly it's pretty much whatever with the current price.I mean hell give it a try , if you're into MMORPG's you're gonna like this one.Just take your time and take it in, because theres alot to learn since the game just offers you so many possibilties and you can do whatever you feel like doing in any given moment.I truly do think that this game offers ALOT of replay value but as in any MMORPG it's easy to lose yourself in it then again who cares about that when you can worship your kawaii desu 420 waifuu.
Miko Kazami	Not Recommended	5,953.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ScarletNiia/	Replaced every ingame weapon with credit cards and wallets. 10/10 would play again.
HumanWreckage	Not Recommended	394.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/southernwolf/	I wanted to like this game and tried, maybe in the end it is my fault for having limited time to play which means my progress was pretty slow.  A big majority of the hours I have in Black Desert is afk.  The graphics is very nice and the customization is amazing. The combat was fun and every class is fun to learn.  Before hitting level 50 everything dies so easily which seemed odd.  But if you are limited in time you will always be so far behind, I really dont want to leave my pc running 24/7 to gain benefits for a game.  When this game started to feel like a job I lost all interest.  Several friends picked this game up and has came to the same solution to quit Black Desert for one reason or another.
Akinola	Recommended	135.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198347392284/	So far this game is amazing i dont really play mmos but i love this one i will keep playing and keep you updated btw if any one has a guild hit my line.update: GAME IS F*CKING AMAZING I LOVE IT IM PLANING TO PUT HUNDREDS OF HOURS MAY BE THOUSANDS THE LERNING IS STEEP BUT IT IS WORK EVERY MINUTE FOR $6  THIS GAME IS WORTH WAAY MORE THAN $6 DOLLARS BUY IT NOW GET INTO BDO YOU WONT REGRET IT NOW BUY IT 10 IS TO LOW TO
コメが	Not Recommended	0.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Comega/	Never would of imagined  there was a mmorpg worse than archeage.  
HumanWreckage	Not Recommended	394.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/southernwolf/	I wanted to like this game and tried, maybe in the end it is my fault for having limited time to play which means my progress was pretty slow.  A big majority of the hours I have in Black Desert is afk.  The graphics is very nice and the customization is amazing. The combat was fun and every class is fun to learn.  Before hitting level 50 everything dies so easily which seemed odd.  But if you are limited in time you will always be so far behind, I really dont want to leave my pc running 24/7 to gain benefits for a game.  When this game started to feel like a job I lost all interest.  Several friends picked this game up and has came to the same solution to quit Black Desert for one reason or another.
Miko Kazami	Not Recommended	5,953.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ScarletNiia/	Replaced every ingame weapon with credit cards and wallets. 10/10 would play again.
iVeNOM_9	Not Recommended	3.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ivenom_9/	Can’t level up with friends playing together....boring.
combatplayer	Recommended	11,084.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/combatplayer/	TLDR: It's aight..lots of things to do, classes make a huge difference in how the game feels. think combats boring? try another class. gear has no level restriction, money rules all.can make money doing whatever you want.a lot of the game can be played either actively or idely. do you like random numbers and chance? youll love this game, everything has an element of chance to it.The chat is full of cancer and terrible memes, the community is actually pretty good behind that gross facade though.past level 50 anyone can kill you if they feel like it, and it happens sometimes. not for people with anger issues, fine for casuals though.I'm addicted, running a guild, found entirely new social circle, good stuff. an MMO after my heart with some lackluster ellements here and there. like limited trading, locked prices in marketplace and similar things.game is not pay to win, but it's pay for convenience. paying people can get percentage boosts to most aspects of the game, but they cant buy straight levels or gear or anything of the sort. store items can be sold for ingame money but the rate is so bad that only people with more money than sense will do so. on my pay to win scale i give it 4/10, where 10 is "completely unplayably p2w." and 0 is "you couldnt spend your money on this if you wanted to"considder the item known as a "value pack" an optional subscription, it gives many benefits.
xDOPEx86	Not Recommended	44.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/xDOPEx86/	Starts off really fun. Game looks/runs well and the combat is excellent. I ended up quitting after realizing how much AFK Lifeskilling/Farming you had to do. But the #1 thing that made me quit was reading all the reviews by people with 1000's of hours talk about how RNG the Gear Enchanement system is. Failing an Enchancement means your Gear actually drops a Tier and gets WORSE! The amount of silver and time needed is absolutley ridiculous. Please look up some videos/reviews of the Gear Enchancing before you try this game out. It's not worth it. RNG is killing MMO's nowadays. I quit Neverwinter after 1000's of hours because of the 0.001% Chance of getting the gear I need. This game may even be worse. Not recommended.
Dacin	Not Recommended	0.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198854554876/	The game is horribly slow and very laggy. in fact it didnt even let me in the game sometimes it just shut down. This game is not worth the money
Faraven	Not Recommended	0.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198098799920/	To be honest its a pretty bad game. Your gear doesn't ever change its look, ever. It forces you to buy the costumes to look different.
S7ᏒᎥᎠᎬᏒ	Not Recommended	1.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/S7RIDER/	While the combat was pretty fun, this is nothing more than a microtransaction Asia grinder.
Stronze	Not Recommended	8.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198177333039/	I don't recommend this game.it has a deep and rich system, tons of quest, and over all id suspect its an amazing game BUT.UI blows trying to find anythingyour blasted with banners over and over of what other people and guilds are doing by defualt and must dig thru a very large check box list to find the turn offs with descriptions that me as a new player didnt understand.i had to do trial and error until the spam went away.an inventory slot sytem extremely restricted that your always tossing items out in the first hour of game play.you can unlock more inventory space by doing 10 level locked quest for 10 slots, log in daily for 3 and half years for full inventory, or ingame purchase, whch i have a personal rule that if i purchase your game, i dont do micro transactions at all. this feature alone was a major turn off for me. everytime  tried to gather, i kept getting hit with need 2 items slots free.going to craft something,from my inventory. 1 inveotry slot free is required when full/ i had to free an inventory slot on the same rock i was harvesting 3 times which is the straw that broke the camels back on why im doing refund and this review.trying to find merchants, quest or anything is a nightmare.crafting system expects you to know what to craft and how many.almost every action requires the use of energy points that work JUST like facebook games.i only got 8 hours in this game so i dont know if that is a problem or not but someone mentioned in my discord players make field specfic alt accounts for that system.you press escape for a short cut to quest, inventory and so on but its a jumbled mess of icons stuffed in a box with no order or alphabation.all in all, if your willing to be patient to deal with such a learning curve, you might enjoy the game but the inventory system is to restricted for me to invest my time.
Dikkeman	Not Recommended	702.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198105346507/	I may have played this game for 700 hours and it sounds like a lot, but it is mostly just afk. If you look at other comments, you will see that some have over 7000 hours.Anyway let's begin with the 'review'This game is garbage.Thank you for reading
BladeAedge	Recommended	631.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198275937490/	A Beginner's PerspectiveFirst of all, I am still under the first 30 days where you can play on a fast level-up server to get up to speed with other players. I believe this insulates me from the full a-holey-ness of some of the more aggressive players still, so time will tell. However, I feel I need to put my two cents in for anyone considering this game and seeing all the negative reviews.There are frequent coversations about "is this game dead?" and "this game is pay-to-win (p2w)!" As you consider this game, I ask you, what do you define as "winning"? My definition is having a greater entertainment to inconvenience ratio over time for the amount of money spent in-game. I got it for the $10 price. I have played about 300 hours of which I did not AFK. I truly played all of those hours and get this, ENJOYED them! If you compare the money you spend on a movie, purchasing a bluray, or even your monthly netflix subscription, I have gotten quite a lot of entertainment out of my $10.Don't be fooled by the negative opinions of squeaky wheels that forget we live in a capitalist nation. Yes, you can pay to reduce the time and effort it takes to gear-up. Yet in 300 hours I have not felt restricted from the main game because of gear. I will admit that I did splurge on a small inventory expansion and a pet - both for convenience. I played the first two weeks without the complementary value-pak and managed my inventory just fine. Fair warning though, once you expand, you'll never want to go back.The other thing to pay attention to is how you play. The majority of whiners are grinding their way up in levels and not appreciating the ACTUAL GAME of quests and storyline, which makes me wonder why they're playing this kind of game in the first place. It's fine if you're joining the game just for the so-called end-game content, but for crying-out-loud the game is the journey, not the end-game! There is plenty to occupy and entertain from really satisfying combat mechanics to life-skills and event asset management strategy. Not to mention, your eyes and ears do not get bored (I personally hate the calpheon music after a while, but that's me.)  Isn't that the point of games?
Dinosa̍̍̍̍̍̍̍ur 2.0	Recommended	43.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/dinosaur020/	This game is beautiful.Great customisation, amazingly beautiful graphics.For me stories behind mmo's like this, I find following the story quite boring, but I actually know whats going on, so thats a first.Try it out.
Muffler	Recommended	44.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198018504329/	Pick a female classCreate your own waifuBecome an expert at playing games one handed10/10
Huanzo	Not Recommended	23.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198179640790/	You want to see the progress of your character?, shame, every armor looks the same, if you want to look cool you will need to pay microtransactions for it.Game Mechanics- 8Graphics-10Progress and cosmetics- 4 
GabrielUSSR	Not Recommended	221.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/2rapid/	THIS ♥♥♥♥ING ♥♥♥♥♥SHIT OF A GAME IS NOT WORTH IT
kingnothin19	Not Recommended	123.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198013255703/	Game is extremely tedious.* ***Everything has durability - the axe you use to chop trees, a fishing pole, cooking stove (what ♥♥♥♥♥♥ stove only gets 100 uses?), butcher's knife, etc. *The auction house (market place) has minimum and maximum prices for each item, so it is more like a lottery than truly bidding on the items you want.*There is extremely limited trading between characters, so much of the economy runs off of cash shop items being sold on the auction house.*Areas in the game are separated - you can link up resource nodes and send people to work. It is neat. However, they are restricted by region - so stuff made in one city can't be used in the next. You can transfer it... but yet again more tedium.*Pets have actual uses, this is great! However, good luck getting one if you don't use the cash shop. Want the best pets? you can breed them... by buying more pets on the cash shop. *Overlay gear, the kind which is normally only cosmetic, provides stat bonuses. Better get out your wallet.*There are a lot of missing tooltips and explanations in game. Veterans of the game love it, because they can act accomplished for having already compensated for extremely poor in-game details.*Game is disappointingly easy in early levels... am told this improves toward end levels, but what seems like an impressive combat system is ruined, imo, because of zero actual pve challenge early game. Combat is more of a "gets in the way while trying to use my frail axe on this tree."**Game is probably great if you're willing to sink tons of cash into it. Be prepared to spend tons of hours doing boring things only to realize there is only more of the same ahead.
Dr. Drake Ramoray	Recommended	19.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Jehuty79/	Great game, superb combat. You smack your enemies, and you smack em hard.
ღAkoSlayღ	Recommended	5,968.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/21ako/	great game / cheap / nonpay2win
✅Johnny Spoiler⭐	Not Recommended	24.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/spunkxxx/	them delete the achiviments from the game after dev not good enough fix the problem with them... them ban me from the forum coz I wanted sell my no steam version coz I have buy the steam version... Tera is still teh best MMORPG!
Shandi!	Recommended	959.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Zaorith/	It's basically Farm Simulator with some really fun combat mechanics and beautiful scenery mixed in. My only real complaint is how the developers intentionally put annoying♥♥♥♥♥♥in the game to force you into wanting to buy things from the shop. I understand they gotta make money, but it's still irritating to continuously run out of bag space and be linked to the shop to purchase inventory with real money. These types of things are not really enough of an annoyance to give a negative review, but it's still a frustrating core aspect of the game. They push the microtransactions way too hard.
Smelph [Edward OH]	Not Recommended	29.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198086538488/	I have mixed feelings about BDO.  I played it for 26 hours so it isn't all bad, in fact I had a fair amount of fun with it.  However, I got to a point where too much of hte game was locked behind paywalls and the grind got to be a bit too much.  I'm not sure if I'd recomend this game or not to be honest.
Kill Blinton	Not Recommended	26.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198162133458/	This game is fun, for a little while. Early on you feel like an unstoppable god face rolling groups of 15-20 npcs at a time, no problem.Here's where the game starts to lose me. All bosses are summoned by scrolls, weekly. There are no traditional "dungeons". The quests are boring as anything.Here's where the game REALLY loses me. You dont really find better gear by progressing in the game. You upgrade lower level gear with "stones". When you get your items to a certain level, you fail upgrades at an increasingly high rate. The stones can be looted or given from quests, but not nearly enough, so you have to grind for cash to buy them on the MP. The most effective way to upgrade higher level gear is to fail upgrades on purpose on low end gear to increase your chances of succeeding on the piece you actually want to upgrade. At the end of the day, this adds up to more grinding.You grind you grind you grind, start to finish. Nothing cool happens, nothing cool is going to happen. Not my jam.
⛧ur mum gay⛧	Recommended	3,536.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198142915749/	i want to die.
Lydit	Recommended	160.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/PoroGod/	I don't have much to say, I'm too busy playing the game. Probably one of the best mmorpgs of the decade, kind of makes me think of a grown up and matured Runescape.10/10
Carlness	Recommended	25.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/carlness/	i dont have the patience for the vast learning curve, but not gonna down vote it for that
Polecat	Not Recommended	10.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197991246792/	This MMO is painfully average with creative, but no less annoying, systems to try and get you to spend money. The gender locked classes are also extremely annoying. Generally speaking, this was a waste of money, even on sale. Go elsewhere and you'll have far more fun.
Sirion	Not Recommended	303.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197980000105/	Fast and fun combat, decent class variety, rng based gear progression that for some could be frustrating but personally I just find it boring and time consuming.
[THGz] R3K	Recommended	28.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/DEPDGT/	i  love this game it so gd i mean what more is there to say i paid 4 pound and got i really gd game
*Hellcat*	Not Recommended	1.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/hellcatinnc/	I had such high hopes for this game. Like honestly the videos of it make it look epic and the classes drew em in right away. But it took me long downloading it than I even wanted to play it before I threw it to the side and uninstalled. Ok so my first issue is i made my girl in character creation with dark purple hair with no gloss when i got out in to the world her hair was almost lilac and was super shiney and so was her skin. honestly the graphics on the highest setting were a complete disappointment I couldn't stand it for long. The story is almost non existant and the controls suck. Honestly the things that probably are good perks later in the game wasn't worth my time to even get there.
SayWut	Not Recommended	5.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/helloimsaywut/	I haven't played a lot of this game. But I can tell that it's not worth your money or time invested in this game. The game itself is amazing, with cool graphics, combat system and character creation. But as far I can know there are lots of P2W factors in the game. Some might defend it but I have no choice but to doubt when there are so many negative reviews talking about this problem.The other problem I have with the game that it is not friendly to new players. It is very confusing for new comers and the game tutorial hardly helps. The story isn't quite engaging either, it is quite bland imo, and the objectives are generic, some of the quests require you to do some stuff that isn't quite related to the story.
Meme Man	Not Recommended	20.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Idolovethemmemes/	To be honest I actualy enjoy the game but recdntly i have been unable to play due to the game kicking me from the server as soon as I log in. My friends can log into their accounts on my pc but I am unable to play the game. This is made worse as i had just made a transaction for furniture for the in game house and now after spending a total of 50 buck on the game I am unable to play. Great game if you actauly get to play it
MartyrA2J	Recommended	4.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/MartyrA2J/	I will make this review short and sweet.Easily the best character creator I have ever seen. While slightly leaning to the pervy end of the scale, its impressive the amount of freedom it gives you. I get why people just play with the character creator for hours on end, its just that good.Then you load up the game itself and its just a MESS. Spam messages across your screen. Indecipherable nonsense. The UI is terrible and combat in PVE is a joke. Tutorial explains combat but little of anything else. I haven't even looked at the cash shop yet. Anyone will tell you that an MMO is an investment in time and that is very true. This doesn't change the fact you have to capture your players attention. This game doesn't do that. It's all style and no substance. If I wanted a stroll through the forest simulator, I would go outside. Graphics alone do not make a game. Now I have seen people suggest to research the game. I have read six starting/newbie guides and found them all to be the same. Max character slots and AFK fishing. Oh and forget any kind of PVE content and enjoy an endless gear treadmill. Game doesn't start until level 50ish. Etc etc.I have heard good things about the trading and economy aspects to this game but that would require understanding of this terribly designed menu system. This is one area I will give credit as perhaps with more time I would've enjoyed this aspect.So I would recommend this game. Why? For the character creator alone. Make a couple hot anime girls, freaky deformed monsters, beefy dudes if you want and then stop playing. If you have no interest in that. Move along.
✪ Nero4K	Recommended	223.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Nero4k/	2,135.4 hrs on recordPOSTED: 19 MAYOK, any game we play is about the fun and enjoyment .And in this game you will absolutely have itThe game is on constant changes every week and lots patch and updates and eventsGhraphic and Animations are amazing and beyond expactationsThere are so many mini games , side quest , secrets and activities which will make you play for hours.But the real problem that anyone would not like is the gear progression (Enchanting). it's hard , it's bad , it make you feel so out of luck , in other word it can make your 12hour grinding worth of time and in game money into waste, or not. (RNG)you can buy your own gear and even boss gear from the in game marketplace and never enchant in the game ( up to certain point ) anyway, you will get used to it.oh and about the p2w stuff , it's not really that bad imodoesn't make much of differ .. i mean i never paid in game money except for pets and i did not feel any disadvantage in my one year of playing this game.so yeah .. buy it.
NyuRena	Not Recommended	6.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/NyuRena/	If you're looking for fun coop PVE exploring and dungeons, then look elsewhere. If you like to grind endless life skills in pursuit of gear based pvp and guild wars, then I guess it might be your thing.
venice	Not Recommended	12.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/OhVenice/	came into the game with a couple of friends, planning to pick up different life skills and help each other out through the gameturns out you cant do that, and all life skills are basically single playergreat game for friendless losers but not really worth it if you want a massively MULTIPLAYER online rpg
KrigarNooben	Recommended	9.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/KrigarNooben/	So far I have only been in the game 1.7 hours; and I am immensly IMPRESSED by the fluid gameplay my "hunter" has.This feels and looks like a 2017 MMO should do,Got gored with WoW ages ago but didnt manage to quit that until 2013...This game feels so far like what what Vanilla WoW used to feel like; and to me thats a great thing.Ther is a skill tree, an inventory and a bow and a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of murlocs...sorry Imps...to NUKE.Me HAPPY =)
Percy	Not Recommended	648.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Percenary/	Stay away. Not only is the grind and progression 100% rng, but the cancerous community makes it even worse. The amount of inept players that just kill on sight for 0 reason is ridiculous. There's also way too many P2W items in the game. I'd wait for Kakao to fix these issues before purchasing this heep of garbage.
uncle_J	Not Recommended	77.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198061542545/	-Made a wizard;-Called him Osama Bin Wizarden;-Tried to make the looks;-I now know why he gets the females;-And with females I mean goats;-Focussed all points in fireball/explosion skills;-Bought a house on the goat mountain, because goats and isolation;-Made a clan called NotAlQaida, because it shows above my character (and to not gain suspicion);-Took a lost lamb and walked around with it in one of the most crowded cities;-Nobody seems to give a ♥♥♥♥ because AFK based gameplay;-Found a non AFK who by no doubt noticed me;-Looked at her and droped the lamb and ran away;-Learned about camel mounts;-I thought why not. It's better than an unoriginal donkey;-Came to the place with camels (far away from where i was);-Cannot get a camel;-Needed to be in the level 50's;-Became the level I need with ease (thanks to all exp buffs);-Finally got the camel;-Got back to the crowded city;-Bought a rifle;-Took an another lost lamb;-Made a setup with all of it;-Been observing the surroundings for 10 minutes for reaction;-Conclusion everyone was AFK or talking about traps;-Got bored;-Made a new character;-Wanted to be the same as a World of Warcraft hunter;-Closest to that was tamer;-Tamers are small like dwarfs;-Made the smallest and thiccest tamer;-Still too normal in my eyes;-Changed her to a dark iron dwarf that's somehow possible (looked pretty good);-Now i can play the dark iron race earlier than WoW players;-Got myself a rifle again;-Leveled to the level for the pet;-Learned how to hunt to level my hunting skill;-In the early game it means to do dailyquests to shoot at seagulls and eagles;-That was easy;-Got bored again;-might be because it's more of a social game and I'm a anti social something (Wanted to curse but this is a christian review);-Made an another character again, because Favourite part of the game;-Made an archer;-Again female because no male option;-made a WoW theme character again;-This time Sylvanas Windrunner;-Again made it somehow possible in a not bad way (Looked really good);-Only the clothes look not fitting and the eyebrows can't be long;-Naming was a problem, because ALL names that contained Sylvanas were taken;-Named her Waifanas (for the necrophilia people out there);-Found a player as a male knight having one of those Sylvanas names. I wish I was lying;-Also tried to make Patrick Stewart;-There's no good bald option because the one that excist has hair like texture;Bad recommendation because there's no good bald option for both man and female.And too much AFK in my opinion.And because traps aren't gay. Some parts make it better.And because I hope to trigger the feedback bot.*note: it's a joke review if you somehow didn't realize. please smash the happy face if you liked it.*note: fixed nothing because I suck at languages in general. 
D4W1D	Recommended	9.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/zukrasssss/	One of the best RPGs ive ever played. Combat system is phenomenal and so is the economy in this game. Definitely worth the buy.
SassySusie	Recommended	8,198.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SassySusie/	Great Game! So many things to do, endless hours of enjoyment :)
oceans	Recommended	151.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/oceansz/	anime tiddies
Emperor Chrome	Recommended	17.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/BumSexBroccoli/	Thicc Chick Simulator
Skepion	Recommended	5.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/AUSEDPORKCHOP/	You are out one day casually wiping out a island of pirates. You feel good. You are happy. Then sun is shining the combos are well fresh.Then out of the corner of your eye you see it!I hobbit sized 8 year old weilding a bo staff in armor made of grass and a goats head.You think it'll be fine surely this child isn't going to fight me.Next thing you know you are slapped the ♥♥♥♥ outta this world by this 8 year old bo staff weilding demon.After you have been killed she leans down next to you and wispers " SPOT TAKEN"13.5/10 would get spot taken againP.S i have 4000 hours in the non steam version.ALL HAIL LACARI
Hegemanni	Recommended	152.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198080800905/	Realy good mmo with nice graphics and if u like Blade and soul fight style this is even better to be onest :=)there is nice story and there is so much to do in this game u have to give it a go.  aah and one more thing this game is cheap compare to other mmo games its buy to play ^^
Hopo	Recommended	125.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/GranHoppler/	I've played this game so much before buying the Steam version and I just have to say that I like it even tho I had to make a new account. So yeh. 10€ isn't that bad of a prize for so much fun. ヽ( ͡͡ ° ͜ ʖ ͡ °)⊃━☆ﾟ. * ･ ｡ﾟ
Meliodas	Recommended	53.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198148524131/	the game itself is good.it has good graphics,pve/pvp but before lvl56 there is not much to do. the quests are same all the time and the gameplay is the same at all lvls. do not recommend for people who dont want do grind for a long time
KrigarNooben	Recommended	9.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/KrigarNooben/	So far I have only been in the game 1.7 hours; and I am immensly IMPRESSED by the fluid gameplay my "hunter" has.This feels and looks like a 2017 MMO should do,Got gored with WoW ages ago but didnt manage to quit that until 2013...This game feels so far like what what Vanilla WoW used to feel like; and to me thats a great thing.Ther is a skill tree, an inventory and a bow and a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of murlocs...sorry Imps...to NUKE.Me HAPPY =)
Nep™	Recommended	28.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/AnzoDK/	While it hurts my feelings as a mmo gamer, that this game only has 68% positive reviews (as of 06/06 2018), I must admit that this game can be a bit hard on old WoW players and newcommers to the mmo genre. I personally love this game. It has nearly all of the elements I apreciate in an mmorpg, such as: Global Market w/ great ways to utilize the market for your playstyle, a more or less useable and functional quest system, that gives satesfying rewards, a login reward system that keeps me motivated for more and more gameplay, etc....I do see ONE! MAJOR error with this game though...As far as I know there is no "real" raids to join...If they added large raids to the game - I would be satisfied for a few hundred years.
okeechobee	Recommended	13.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198255279289/	Me: Wut da. Why is almost every class gender locked? Tf.Game: So with almost every class you can make your own personal waifu! Me: I meant why doesnt it allow every class to make a waifu?P.S 10/10 should buy. But only for the waifus
L3g3rion	Recommended	3,452.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/L3g3rion/	Played it a bit, it's ok
Sirion	Not Recommended	303.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197980000105/	Fast and fun combat, decent class variety, rng based gear progression that for some could be frustrating but personally I just find it boring and time consuming.
Polecat	Not Recommended	10.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197991246792/	This MMO is painfully average with creative, but no less annoying, systems to try and get you to spend money. The gender locked classes are also extremely annoying. Generally speaking, this was a waste of money, even on sale. Go elsewhere and you'll have far more fun.
Direstar	Not Recommended	26.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Direstar/	This game has beatiful graphics, some of the best I've ever seen in an MMO game, but performance issues plague the ♥♥♥♥ out of the experience.Don't get me wrong, the game is playable but does it make the game less enjoyable? For me that's a yes.Walk into a town with High Settings and you'll feel that hit even on some beefy hardware.Trading system is amazing when you take the time to learn it, and the combat is very similar to Blade and Soul but not quite on the same level of combo complexity. Its those performance issues though that make it very hard for me to actually recommend this game to anyone that couldn't just play another one of these action oriented Korean MMO.5/10 wouldn't fish again
Boom	Recommended	155.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/boomzt/	As a former Tera player (1000+ hours off steam) I have to say the combat is very good and it has a familiar feel that I had grown used to over the years which is nice. As for the rest of the game it is not perfect and has many bugs but it does offer a lot in terms of visual detail and story telling. I definitely recommend it!
*Hellcat*	Not Recommended	1.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/hellcatinnc/	I had such high hopes for this game. Like honestly the videos of it make it look epic and the classes drew em in right away. But it took me long downloading it than I even wanted to play it before I threw it to the side and uninstalled. Ok so my first issue is i made my girl in character creation with dark purple hair with no gloss when i got out in to the world her hair was almost lilac and was super shiney and so was her skin. honestly the graphics on the highest setting were a complete disappointment I couldn't stand it for long. The story is almost non existant and the controls suck. Honestly the things that probably are good perks later in the game wasn't worth my time to even get there.
L3g3rion	Recommended	3,452.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/L3g3rion/	Played it a bit, it's ok
piff178	Recommended	4,930.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198197377757/	PROS:-Beautiful open world.-Probably the most intricate character creation system ever made.-Tons to do and even offers AFK play.-Thriving community although somewhat anti-social at times.-Fight system is pretty smooth.-All classes are pretty much balanced out.-Pay for convenience type of game rather than a pay to win type of game.CONS:-Open world is really big and takes a long time to get to places even via horseback.-This game is heavily gear dependant no matter what class you choose.-It's hard to make silver in the game to afford equips to be viable.-Enchancement system is eye-gougingly difficult.****-THIS GAME IS A CONSTANT GRIND.****TIP IF YOU CHOOSE TO PLAY THIS GAME: research and watch a lot of guide videos about this game because if you don't you'll be lost in the giant world of BDOIf you're looking for a game where once you hit max level things start getting easier then this is not the game for you. You will be constantly trying to make enough silver in this game to buy 1 equip that will probably last you through the whole game. I have a lot of hours in this game because I usually do things AFK in the game because once you hit 56 all you want to do is get your gear to be good enough to be viable. Before even playing this game is read/watched a lot of guides about it and it has been fun. This is the most time I've ever spent on a game tbh and I'm liking it.I repeat THIS GAME A CONSTANT GRIND. Once you hit 56 there's a soft cap till 60 and once your 60 it'll take hours even days to get 61. SO BE PREPARED TO TAKE TIME TO PLAY THIS GAME AND IF YOU'RE NOT DOWN TO DO IT. Then I highly recommend playing an easier game.
Gomer	Not Recommended	14.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TheBanditGomer/	Pay to Win disguised as pay to convienace. Do not buy this unless you want to spend $200+ on Pets you NEED.
then he waddled away	Not Recommended	2,962.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/CantAimer/	trash game
kkunegunda	Not Recommended	1,879.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198306974986/	P2W
-... .. --. / --. .- -.--	Recommended	744.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198108351217/	Black Desrt OnlineNegative:-Grindingsimulater, live for the grind die for the grind-afk farming kinda necacery-leveling to 56 is very obnocius and you need taht for your awakening (you know these cose your path what kind of evolution you want to do? Just like that but the path you chouse is predeterment by your class)-gender plays a big role for you class-the "story"-the spelling and grammar in this reviewPosivive:oh boy I'm already exited for the ♥♥♥♥♥torm -it is NOT pay to win, paying gives some very neat bonus points (mory carry weight more slots etc.) but nothing is realy required -looks awsome-the gameplay is awsome-more quests then you could ever do-no realy they are just to many-the comunity is 90% ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ers (maybe that negaiv for you but for me its funy as hell)-the carakter editor, if you finish your char in under 2h you are doing it wrong-11 clases (after thw awakening 15)-the combat is just to goodconclusion: one of may favorite games and if you don't mind the grind more than just awsome(sorry for the spelling)
SASMATE	Recommended	3.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198061258856/	Have No Idea what I'm doing but it's fun.
Smirwarf	Recommended	0.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/smirwarf/	Before I start this review, I play on the stand alone launcher.... Not on Steam. This game in short is a combination of:EVE Online: Takes a very long time to Learn/Train skills to an effective level, and a Huge map with no Server Restrictions. The game may have multiple servers, but you can hop between each server every 15minutes.The Sims: Buy a house with in game currency, decorate it with in game or real life currency. Lots of Character Customization with "Fashionable Outfits" that overwrites your current gear. Pick a "Job" and master it to make money.Dynasty Warriors/Dark Souls Franchise: Lots of high speed action against groups of mobs, insanely grindy after lv55, lots and lots of dodging/rolling/evading.And ill toss in a dash of Minecraft because you can spend days cutting trees, harvesting plants, mining, etc... just to build new gear, furniture, and boats. Luckily you can hire workers to do most of this for you, but you still have to manually do some of it.Ive been playin for about 3months now and it took me this long to finally learn a good amount so I could write a decent review on it. If you try to compare this game to other traditional MMOs like WoW or SWTOR... dont lol BDO is more of a Social MMO in my eyes. I havent done PvP at all yet in the game, mainly because I spend all my time training horses or fishing/cooking to make money. At the time of this review, I havent even gone over lv56 in over a month now. If im not Training Horses, Fishing, Harvesting, im just chillin in my house and customizing it... or hanging out in big towns chatting it up with random people.I recommend this game because you can never be bored in it, always something to do, always something to work towards. My only issue with the game is the complete RNG when upgrading your items. If you try to upgrade your items yourself, not only could you cause perma durability loss towards them and have to get the same weapon to smash them together to repair it... you could lose the item completely. When you have a weapon that costs 9mil silver, and lose so much durabilty that you need 8 more of those weapons to repair it... it could drive you nuts and might force you to rage quit.Which is why I just "Farm" out the in game currency and buy the best gear I can from the Auction House. Also, I used to hate this fact with the game, but now I dont mind it at all... You can Auto-Fish AFK or Auto Travel while AFK. Like EVE Onlines Autopilot. Final note, anything thats on the Cash Shop, can be bought on the Auction House from other players. If you do the quests in the game they give you tons of Inventory Slots and Weight Boosts, so you dont even need to buy them in game from the cash shop. No Monthly Fee... not bad at all for a game thats only $4.99-$9.99 depending on sales.
Virgo	Not Recommended	10.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/virhru/	I kinda liked this game and it's graphics were really cool.  I wouldn't suggest it just because it doesn't explain things how to do certain things in the game and it made it harder to play.  I wouldn't recommend it on that part, but the graphics and the classes I really like.
Trash-Panda	Not Recommended	3.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/bobbyroylee/	I wrote a review and then erased it because it's only going to get backlash.  Summary:  Game devs do not appreciate players that play the game in anything lower than 1080p, so if you're a casual gamer that still plays in 1377x768, dont waste your time because the popups and menus upon menus upon buttons and menus and popups and buttons... you'll never even see the gameplay.PS:  This is clearly a korean MMO that throws popups in your face all day.  To the point where I couldn't even get into the game because I was always dealing with a popup of some sort.  Also, there is auto-walking to your quests... just like in browser-based mmo's.  ???  I have only close IRL friends on my steam friend's list.  Half of them own this game.  Highest amount of hours among them all is 10 hours.  I see why.  This game is for a target audience only.
Brh	Recommended	3,105.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Tcmvv/	Best mmo out there!
Ned Hamford	Not Recommended	197.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197970411195/	While there is an excellent life skill system and deep world you are encouraged to explore both in breadth and depth; the community that has flooded every channel makes me think I'm not the target demographic. Having forced gender classes has lead an endlessly flowing stream of 'trap' 'jokes.'  It gets old, really fast, even if you don't find it offensive.On an upnote; while running around I happened to see a puddle and then noticed the reflection of the sky. Truly amazing. Also AFK activities makes for great screensaver.
Fluxig	Not Recommended	905.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197980659919/	I have sank a decent amount of hours into this game for a few months.  First lets go over the pros.   COMBAT-  combat is phenominal, this is probably the most fun combat system iv played with very very entertaning.Now the negatives... which is pretty much evrything else.  The game is very unbalanced like unresonably unbalanced, not new player friendly,  takes months just to get halff way to where end game begins, and that is even harder because a lot of information about the game is either bad from low tier players or hidden by the elite players, and it is nearly impossible to catch up.  and the high gearscore players just run around picking on the low players.  Currently the way the game is run and continually changed for the worse and huge emphasis on the cash shop.  I do not recomend this game on any level. It is not worh the time spent working for days making silver and then blowing 300 mil on one peice of gear and losing it all to a bad enhansment system.  I could go on... but the game is bad take my word for it.
h00k	Recommended	6,658.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/h00km8/	great game
AciD_RaiN_3	Not Recommended	1,336.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/AciD_RaiN_3/	Bdo started off as a good game and then servers started to lag bad. After a month of silence from the devs they finnaly said the problem is with the users connections which is an insult to anyone with a brain. Whole server lags and game disconnects every 10 mins and its the users fault... laughable. The most disturbing part is that the devs havent said a word about fixing the server stability, even after all this time. Its literally unplayable. Shame I have so many hours in the game otherwise Id refund it with no regrets.Edit on november 11Due to recent actions by the bdo devs who banned a user for sharing information with the playerbase whereas letting bdo streamers get away with every exploit in the book, I have to say Im disgusted with the hipocrisy of the people that run this game. How is it possible to permaban a user who didnt exploit vs not banning the people who exploited and even showed it on stream. Too bad there isnt a "hell no" button at the "do you reccomend this game" selection. Absolutely disgusting.
then he waddled away	Not Recommended	2,962.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/CantAimer/	trash game
Frank Miller's Batman™	Recommended	228.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/MasoodMS/	Cancelled my WoW Subscription after 8 years of playing.
kkunegunda	Not Recommended	1,879.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198306974986/	P2W
Oorslavich	Not Recommended	3.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198054613028/	Can't stay connected to the server. No error message, the game just disconnects after 30s or so. I can play other games fine.
Random	Recommended	1,096.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/xxplicitly/	Best $6 I spent on a MMORPG. Haven't stopped playing it since I bought it for $6. MONEY WELL SPENT. No p2w features, all about how much time you invest into your account. If you want eye candy you should get this game!
Proletariat	Not Recommended	742.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197964215459/	I put in the hours, I got an opinion now. It's not worth it. The game, ultimately, is just not worth your time, and your energy.It's a very pretty MMO, and the developers focus on making sure the new outfits they release for purchase to be skimpy and cute for the characters. It takes quite a bit of hardware to run perfectly. I run a GTX 1080, and on max settings it looks great, but my card runs hot. Like 70-78C hot. Especially in the town of Heidel, where there are so many people.The combat system is very fluid, very engaging. It's an arcade fighting style. So you are rewarded for twitch movements, response time, and animation canceling. It needs to be fun, because you will be spending so much time grinding the same mobs to progress.If you don't want to spend your time just grinding mobs to get money, you can do what are called "lifeskills". Farming, cooking, material processing, trading, horse training, fishing. It is exactly as it sounds. You can make money in the game doing these, but you will be spending your time doing chores. It's essentially Farmville, but with far superior graphics. Gather materials, sell them on the auction house, or process them into things, or cook, THEN sell them on the auction house. It becomes a series of chores you need to do every day, to keep the process going. It sucks you in as daily obligations. Need to feed your workers, need to chop the maple logs, need to cook up more beer for the workers to work, need to melt iron down, need to need to need to, etc etc. It's a never-ending loop that will suck you in if you are entertained by those types of games. If you ever found yourself enjoying a game like Farmville, or idle games that you slowly grow more and more, and make the numbers bigger so you can make the numbers bigger, so you can then make the numbers bigger, you'll find fun in this game.But the entire game, and every way of getting money, from grinding to cooking, is about getting the better gear, so you can participate in the pvp. But...the gear divide is so massive the people who played for the last two years are so far above you, you will never catch up. They have so much income, you will never catch up. The gear gap is massive enough that PVP is not accessible unless you are on a similar ground as the people who've been playing since the beginning, but they have the income to always stay above you. The way to actually get better gear doesn't just take money, it takes pure RNG. You see, after getting item to +15, the upgrades for 16-20 turn into words, PRI, then DUO, then TRI, then TET, then PEN. You can upgrade to a PRI with enough money, and then to DUO with a sizable amount of money. But to get to try to go from DUO to TRI, the %chance of success is very low, and you have a higher chance of downgrading DOWN to a PRI. On average, it takes twenty attempts from DUO to TET to get that upgrade, and each time you fail it downgrades you to PRI, forcing you to upgrade yet again. Now to go from PRI to TET, it takes over a hundred attempts, and from PRI to PEN, it takes thousands. It's so low people who get it basically won the lottery, and spent literally billions of in-game silver to achieve it. It's something not many people of all the people in game are even getting. You need A LOT of money to try to upgrade enough time to keep trying to get better gear. To get A LOT of money, you need A LOT of time investment or...Money investment. Real world dollars put into the game to allow you to not need to spend as much time. This game has a robust cash shop, called pearls. You can use pearls to buy all sorts of things that improve your silver-making substantially, allowing you to make more attempts at upgrading. People who spend money will always have a sizable edge over people who have not. There's no getting around that. Money goes a long way here.A lot of the activities for this game that make money are "afk" things. You leave your game running, and let it happen. Come back, and stuff has happened for you. Fishing, cooking, etc. It's to the point where this game even allows you to send the game to tray, decreasing the CPU and GPU load, but it keeps running so you can let the tasks finish. This may sound perfect, but you end up realizing, you just turned a game into a chore, instead of a game. Have a character start cooking, send to tray and play a game, a round of DOTA2 or something, then bring it back up, have the character start fishing, send back to tray, play a game, bring it back up, send items to storage, repair fishing pole, start fishing again, send to tray, play a real game, etc. Just as an example. You may think, that sounds worth it to finally have a twitch-style fun combat PVP endgame. The pvp endgame is not worth all that effort, if you are doing all of that just to PVP. The node wards are snooze-fests, where typically one guild has one single player that is geared enough to completely decimate the entire enemy guild solo, without taking any damage. Good luck catching up to his gear in a year, or two. Or, the PVP is a zerg-fest where it's hundreds of players rushing castles, and aoes killing everybody and nothing feels like you are really participating, more like being a meat-shield. The other PVP is peolpe killing each other to take over grinding spots. It's entirely dependent on who has the better gear first and foremost, and skill is a distant second, unless you are one of the flavor of the month classes that have very good skills for pvp. Then the class is second, with skill a close third.Lastly, the game has constant events and dailies quests designed to keep you wanting to play every single day, and make you feel like you seriously missed something you needed if you don't log on every single day. Also a daily participation login reward. It stacks up for a month, and if you miss too many, you don't get to the end and get the best login prized. Events are running all the time, but they rotate so you want to particiapte in the newest one to get the free loot, and you want to do the daily quests so you can keep growing your maximum energy and contribution points so you can make more money daily. It's all carefully designed to make sure this game completely takes over your life. Wake up in the morning, feed workers. leave game running all day. Come home from work, gotta feed them, do dailies, do event, get some grinding in for your main character, and prepare for the pvp node wars happening multiple times a week. 2 hours a day will not get you very far very quickly in this game. It will take you years to reach a pvp ready character if you don't devote yourself or your money to this.I would stay away from this game, at the end of the day. Either it will suck you in and you will be creating your NPC worker empire that gives you money, and you get attached to making money so you can make more money, Farmville style. Or, you will get to the end of the rainbow, and realize the PVP endgame is far from worth all the effort. Or, you will burn out from all the grinding it would take to level up. If you choose not to spend money each month, be prepared to be passed by people who have. If you are starting this game now, be prepared for NEVER catching up to the players have have been playing from the beginning. There is no endgame cap. You just get better and richer than the people who started after you. It's not worth all the time ultimately. Go play something that is rewarding and engaging now, rather than in 2 years.
「knave」	Not Recommended	56.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TrustyKnave/	Its like a 3D version of Adventure Quest Worlds.
Meme Man	Not Recommended	20.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Idolovethemmemes/	To be honest I actualy enjoy the game but recdntly i have been unable to play due to the game kicking me from the server as soon as I log in. My friends can log into their accounts on my pc but I am unable to play the game. This is made worse as i had just made a transaction for furniture for the in game house and now after spending a total of 50 buck on the game I am unable to play. Great game if you actauly get to play it
MintyFreshGore	Not Recommended	5,786.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198035852351/	Save yourself time, money and a headache by not buying this game. It looks pretty and seems fun at first and by the time you notice you were tricked you have become addicted and already wasted so much on this game. The rng in this game makes it painful to try to progress and the servers are so bad that the game regularly becomes unplayable. You can also expect to wait a month before a GM looks at your ticket. The great qualities of this game are largely overshadowed by an incompetent balance team, poor optimization and servers that are worse than any other game I have ever played. Ingame testing has also shown that you do more damage if you have high framerates. . Also the game is incredibly effective at milking money from its players but still trys to say it is not pay to win just pay to progress much faster than you would otherwise. Most people I have talked to suggest a minimum of $150 dollars to enjoy this game just for weight/inventory increase, pets(they pick up loot for you) and a cash shop costume that hides the hideous armor models (the best armor makes you look like an ugly bush). The costume also has gives some stats. The game also makes it so that if you are not running it 24/7 you will not make nearly as much money as some who does run the game while they are afk. easily 95% of the time that steam says I have played this game was spent with me afk as my character chopped wood, crushed a million potatos and fished. All of this with one of the most disgusting (you can get away with pretty much any character name) communities I have ever seen that make Source mods communites look like good christian minecraft servers.
Redeye	Not Recommended	4,305.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Lost-dreamer/	This game basically destroys itself.Great Graphics - terrible optimisation.Great combat - Dsync - and terrible class balancing (mystic is too op)Cool castle sieges - Servers dont allow for them to be fulfilled most of the timeA lot of the things that make this game good have a lot of counters that ruin them aside from that prolonged grinding sessions or dedication in lifeskills are needed to be competitive in addition due to the tedious enchancing no matter how much effort you put in RNG determins the value of the hours put in and although you can buy gear off the mp it takes way to long to get all the gear to make you releveant in PvP. Other issues with the game  include the pearl shop (microtranactions) a lot of the things in there are simply P2W however  , YOU DO NOT NEED TO WORRY ABOUT THE P2W CASH SHOP IF YOU HAVE NO DESIRE TO BE COMPETITVE, if you want to be casual you don't need anything. On the other hand if you want any chance of being competitive better open your wallet. aside from that stuff this game has a terrible story decent looking areas and a ton of bugs. 4/10
L3g3rion	Recommended	3,452.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/L3g3rion/	Played it a bit, it's ok
SASMATE	Recommended	3.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198061258856/	Have No Idea what I'm doing but it's fun.
Wabbit	Recommended	695.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/twisty171/	A very nice MMORPG with interesting gameplay and also a nice character creator. Despite the bad review which says the game is a ripoff of <Introduce a mmorpg title> you can't say that because this game may had been in Build before them. I recommend this game also the shop may be a little unfair with pets ,but i heard you can get some of them without paying money.
MartyrA2J	Recommended	4.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/MartyrA2J/	I will make this review short and sweet.Easily the best character creator I have ever seen. While slightly leaning to the pervy end of the scale, its impressive the amount of freedom it gives you. I get why people just play with the character creator for hours on end, its just that good.Then you load up the game itself and its just a MESS. Spam messages across your screen. Indecipherable nonsense. The UI is terrible and combat in PVE is a joke. Tutorial explains combat but little of anything else. I haven't even looked at the cash shop yet. Anyone will tell you that an MMO is an investment in time and that is very true. This doesn't change the fact you have to capture your players attention. This game doesn't do that. It's all style and no substance. If I wanted a stroll through the forest simulator, I would go outside. Graphics alone do not make a game. Now I have seen people suggest to research the game. I have read six starting/newbie guides and found them all to be the same. Max character slots and AFK fishing. Oh and forget any kind of PVE content and enjoy an endless gear treadmill. Game doesn't start until level 50ish. Etc etc.I have heard good things about the trading and economy aspects to this game but that would require understanding of this terribly designed menu system. This is one area I will give credit as perhaps with more time I would've enjoyed this aspect.So I would recommend this game. Why? For the character creator alone. Make a couple hot anime girls, freaky deformed monsters, beefy dudes if you want and then stop playing. If you have no interest in that. Move along.
Yami Pearls	Not Recommended	10,664.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Yami_Pearls/	Game is ina terrible slot right nowHorrible patches ruining the gameDont buy it
KingKickAss	Not Recommended	4,450.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/my22mag/	BDO is a trap. The game's visuals, character creator and world suck you in and it is was a lot of fun exploring and seeing everything for the first time. When you actually figure out how the game works, it is absolutely horrible. It does not help in the slightest that the developers do not care about the game one bit, they just want to make money off of you, thats it.Normally I would just write out a big and indepth review but I think I don't really need to at this point. The game is dying, the devs are killing it and don't care and it will never be good.There is one very small detail that I can appreciate though. Just that they will refund some cosmetics if you change your mind or may restore some items if you accidentally delete them. But thats all.Do yourself and everybody who plays this game a favor and just stay away from it.
Redeye	Not Recommended	4,305.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Lost-dreamer/	This game basically destroys itself.Great Graphics - terrible optimisation.Great combat - Dsync - and terrible class balancing (mystic is too op)Cool castle sieges - Servers dont allow for them to be fulfilled most of the timeA lot of the things that make this game good have a lot of counters that ruin them aside from that prolonged grinding sessions or dedication in lifeskills are needed to be competitive in addition due to the tedious enchancing no matter how much effort you put in RNG determins the value of the hours put in and although you can buy gear off the mp it takes way to long to get all the gear to make you releveant in PvP. Other issues with the game  include the pearl shop (microtranactions) a lot of the things in there are simply P2W however  , YOU DO NOT NEED TO WORRY ABOUT THE P2W CASH SHOP IF YOU HAVE NO DESIRE TO BE COMPETITVE, if you want to be casual you don't need anything. On the other hand if you want any chance of being competitive better open your wallet. aside from that stuff this game has a terrible story decent looking areas and a ton of bugs. 4/10
*Hellcat*	Not Recommended	1.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/hellcatinnc/	I had such high hopes for this game. Like honestly the videos of it make it look epic and the classes drew em in right away. But it took me long downloading it than I even wanted to play it before I threw it to the side and uninstalled. Ok so my first issue is i made my girl in character creation with dark purple hair with no gloss when i got out in to the world her hair was almost lilac and was super shiney and so was her skin. honestly the graphics on the highest setting were a complete disappointment I couldn't stand it for long. The story is almost non existant and the controls suck. Honestly the things that probably are good perks later in the game wasn't worth my time to even get there.
SayWut	Not Recommended	5.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/helloimsaywut/	I haven't played a lot of this game. But I can tell that it's not worth your money or time invested in this game. The game itself is amazing, with cool graphics, combat system and character creation. But as far I can know there are lots of P2W factors in the game. Some might defend it but I have no choice but to doubt when there are so many negative reviews talking about this problem.The other problem I have with the game that it is not friendly to new players. It is very confusing for new comers and the game tutorial hardly helps. The story isn't quite engaging either, it is quite bland imo, and the objectives are generic, some of the quests require you to do some stuff that isn't quite related to the story.
Draxter	Not Recommended	15.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198390605066/	Well, if u are looking for a fresh mmorpg, with interesting characters, good storyline or anything else that entertaining a player, then i need to tell u, that is not the game that u are searching for.Positive things:- Good graphics (on high end mode)- Great combat system (hack and slash)- Complex character desings- Nice music -....?! Thats all.Negative things:- Ugly pop ins (ignored on high end mode a little bit)- No memorable characters (seriously no one)- The talent system is just ♥♥♥♥ed up- ♥♥♥♥ing servers problem- WORST ui that i ever seenI really hope that someone will make a great mmorpg coz the only really good mmo is World of Warcraft, but dear god WoW is so boring nowdays...
Pyroll	Not Recommended	0.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/clownbard/	If you live on the east coast, don't even bother. There is only one server located in San Jose, CA, which leads to massive ping problems. I'm getting around 250 ping AT BEST. The game seems interesting however and i'll probably come back once they decide to invest in servers in other locations. 
http://funwithsauce.com/	Recommended	89.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/AsoftDolphinn/	Product received for free
Mattzio	Recommended	432.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Mattzio/	 Black Desert Online  is a sandbox MMORPG offering stunning, beautiful graphics and action oriented gameplay in a Western fantasy aesthetic. Choose from one of many character classes and let your creativity work  through an extensive character customization tool, that lets you manipulate nearly every aspect of your character. Defeat loads of enemies, from weasels, goblins and wolfs to gargantuan world bosses with a fluid combat system that requires manual aiming and active dodging. Invest and spend your hard worked money in cities by trading, buying property, and sending caravans between encampments to maximize your profits. Hire workers to gather resources and craft sought after items. Start an conversation with NPC's to learn more about the game's world and unlock additional quests and items. Join a guild and engage in guild warfare, vying for control of scarce resources. Sail through the high and dangerous seas aboard your own ship and explore undiscovered islands in an expansive open world. What does Black Desert do well and not do well? It does do well:-Stunning aesthetic and graphic presentation-Deep PvE content, like crafting, fishing, trading, etc.-Highly satisfying combat style-Amazing abilities of character cration-Wide sweep of classes (From Ranger, Wizard up to Dark Knight, Musa)It does not do well:-Gear enchanting can make you feel mad for some time After all,  Black Desert Online  is  not like most MMOs, where it tries to be short. But it is a stunning and organic fantasy sandbox with choices to make, quests to do and questions to answer. The game is still being updated and it does not seems, that someday it will end.
BOT Larry	Recommended	8.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/arryxecko/	Trying to get lost in a game you'll never fully understand? WELCOME TO BLACK DESERT. Have fun, and don't forget your lantern. :]
현실에서 팬더	Recommended	1.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198054048456/	I had some fun in the short time I played the game.BUT I strongly recommend playing the game with atleast two people while using voicechat or something similiar.About the game itself:I was pretty impressed by graphics and the fighting system offered in the game. I really enjoy MMOs which dont support facerolling your seven million hotkey bars and require atleast some mechanics to play.The guidance for new players is good but not overwhelming and you may still feel pretty lost in the first few hours.But if that doesnt demotivate you, you are ready to conquer the world.Great game 10/10  
Vastator10	Not Recommended	0.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198025736892/	Never even got the game to launch. The initial loading screen goes to the xigncod3 box, then never loads passed that. The black bar sometimes moves but not always. Going to request a refund for this disapointment. Specs are i7-6700, 16 GB RAM, and a GTX 1070. It most certainly should be working, but doesn't.
Wukee	Not Recommended	22.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198070397611/	dis sheet boring
Yami Pearls	Not Recommended	10,664.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Yami_Pearls/	Game is ina terrible slot right nowHorrible patches ruining the gameDont buy it
KingKickAss	Not Recommended	4,450.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/my22mag/	BDO is a trap. The game's visuals, character creator and world suck you in and it is was a lot of fun exploring and seeing everything for the first time. When you actually figure out how the game works, it is absolutely horrible. It does not help in the slightest that the developers do not care about the game one bit, they just want to make money off of you, thats it.Normally I would just write out a big and indepth review but I think I don't really need to at this point. The game is dying, the devs are killing it and don't care and it will never be good.There is one very small detail that I can appreciate though. Just that they will refund some cosmetics if you change your mind or may restore some items if you accidentally delete them. But thats all.Do yourself and everybody who plays this game a favor and just stay away from it.
*Hellcat*	Not Recommended	1.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/hellcatinnc/	I had such high hopes for this game. Like honestly the videos of it make it look epic and the classes drew em in right away. But it took me long downloading it than I even wanted to play it before I threw it to the side and uninstalled. Ok so my first issue is i made my girl in character creation with dark purple hair with no gloss when i got out in to the world her hair was almost lilac and was super shiney and so was her skin. honestly the graphics on the highest setting were a complete disappointment I couldn't stand it for long. The story is almost non existant and the controls suck. Honestly the things that probably are good perks later in the game wasn't worth my time to even get there.
FRAGLESPRAGLE	Not Recommended	5,037.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/timesguardian/	Was a good game with arguable p2w. Now it is ruined by♥♥♥♥♥♥devs who have never heard of TEST SERVERS and like to throw random patches around until there is no semblance of balance. Now they are just ruining the game so the playerbase goes to their other and newer mmo BLESS so the whales have to rebuy all their p2w garbage. Do not buy anything from Kaka games and Pearl Abyss.
D4W1D	Recommended	9.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/zukrasssss/	One of the best RPGs ive ever played. Combat system is phenomenal and so is the economy in this game. Definitely worth the buy.
SassySusie	Recommended	8,198.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SassySusie/	Great Game! So many things to do, endless hours of enjoyment :)
Majen Uub	Recommended	162.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198000223194/	First things first... if you want to complain about anti cheat you can suck it!Black Desert Online or BDO as I have come to call it, is my newest addiction, so take this as what it is... a fanboy loving the game he is playing. I'm not gonna say that this game is perfect, because its not! This game is an open world, fantastically flawed, grind fest extrodinaire. To sum it up this game has everything that I would hope that most games are able to achieve , and made it bad and good at the same time. I love grinding and the completionist in me loves/hates all the side quests this game throws at you. The minion/worker bee's that seem endentured to serve me; as no other, constantly disappoint! Yet I still keep coming back and throwing endless streams of beer at them... as that is all they seem to consume.This game is not for everyone, but if you are craving an RPG that you can play with your friends, than this is your jam!
jebf	Recommended	101.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198056284878/	I've played quite a few MMORPGs in the past such as WoW, Tera, and Guild Wars 2, but for the most part I dropped them after I hit around level 30. a lot of that had to do with the fact that I have no friends who actively play any MMOs and i'm such a beta cuck that the idea of joining a guild of randoms scares the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me, but with Black Desert Online I believe I've found a game that I can actually get in to. I have friends who play this game, and that probably helps, but when I played in the beta I could tell that the diversity of the options, and the sheer amount of stuff to do in the world, would probably retain my attention a lot longer than WoW. BDO is filled with management, and that is something I appreciate in an MMO or any game in general. It's also filled with opportunities to make cash while AFK, which as a student is extraordinarily satisfying. The last part of this game that I appreciate over other MMOs is how the level cap, while soft in this case, is about half of what it is in other games, effectively bringing the end game and the bulk of the content that much closer to the start. It is kind of hell to get into without any information, but if you watch a couple guides you should be good to go. Overall, I rate this game an 8/10, a 9/10 for MMOs because MMOs in my opinion have generally less quality about them than other games.
Arohs	Recommended	105.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/arohs/	Played many MMOs like EVE Tera WoW ESO and Everquest. If you like MMOs this is not subscription based, so paying 5.99 for a fanastic game with hours of content isn't bad. The graphics are fantastic, the areas and mobs are distinct. The combat is by far the best in any MMO I've played. The game is very grindy, but the combat keeps it intersting. Currently have a lvl 43 witch. Open World PVP opens up at 56,  I believe. The economy system is unique, sort of like EVE with a Civ. type management system. Lots of players. You will NEED a guide at some point for crafting/node management. If you want an MMO to play religiously, or on/off, for 5.99 this can't be beat. TIP: You can fish and get artifact stones that sell for half a million even as a beginner. Game doesn't explain much, follow your black spirit to different questing nodes and you'll be alright. If you're just starting watch a beginners tip video on youtube, there are some useful tips, like eating regularly to level up health points. Character creation is very in-depth. Though unique, the art style reminds me of Witcher/Guild Wars. Monsters all look great with plenty of variety. If you played any MMO for more than a year, you'll like this one.
Gadzooks	Not Recommended	0.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/gadzooks/	I keep checking back with this game, every few months. First time i played was beta.Each time, im turned away by the freaking worst graphical pop-in ive seen in ANY game, and ive played a LOT of games.Oh, the game runs at a solid 60 fps, even on all maxed out, high end settings. But its engine is designed for amazing screenshots, not for in motion visual splendor. For me, its just too distracting and immersion breaking to deal with. Like having a fly always buzzing by your eye, just slightly out of focus, but enough to annoy you constantly. If you are able to play without it bothering you, congrats... you have a higher tolerance than I do. However, I didnt build a beefy computer to have the games I play look annoying and ugly when im moving through the world.
Akame	Recommended	1,788.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198014828316/	I play as girls to undress them.
Frank Miller's Batman™	Recommended	228.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/MasoodMS/	Cancelled my WoW Subscription after 8 years of playing.
MemeMagic	Not Recommended	453.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/FeelsGladMan/	Stay away, this "game" is literally a casino. Or best played without PvE/PvP and a casual clicker.
