AuAK92	Recommended	152.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/AuAK92/	Don't Let the Steam Trailer Fool You! There are more then 2 states in this game XDFor the simulator crowd that likes to tease the speed limit to all you out there who like to keep your hands busy while you listen to a podcast; this is a great game for you! Even if you've never played a simulator before, this game is very approachable. At the time of writing this there are only 3 states(California, Nevada, and Arizona) but with more to come. Even then there is still plenty of space to explore. The game is fairly grindy at the beginning but if your playing it for fun then you'll have no problem playing till you pick up your first truck and garage. This game really comes into its own for the casual audience once you pick up a fellow driver for you company; as his income helps offset the occasional traffic ticket or fender-bender. My recommendations for playing this game: - Turn-off the HUD's side view mirrors for more immersion (F1 menu)- Ensure your turn signals are bound to your Q & E key for full one-handed gameplay- Turn up weather fequency (Rain Probability). The day-to-day gameplay is more interesting when you don't know if its goin to be sunny or rainy- Turn down Trailer Stability. Makes the on and off-ramps more interesting for you speed demons ;)- Set your cruise control ("C" key) to 3mph above the speed limit. Makes Deliveries easier to be on time for without recieveing tickets. Plus driving on Californian Highways gets boring after you get to go down Interstate 10 @75mph- You can never take a wide enough right hand turn. The trailers like to get caught on poles and fences 
CPLM4TT	Recommended	44.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198147091236/	Take your headphones off when you launch the game.
Chocolate Bear	Recommended	22.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198137320712/	I've spent a lot of time playing this game and I don't know why. Maybe it's because it's a relaxing game. A nice easy game where you can just just sit back to enjoy the scenery, and deliver some cargo, or maybe it's because I just graduated from college, I'm a total failure, my life is in shambles, and the feeling of delivering a tank of ethanol to a gas station 600 miles away for a hefty payoff gives me an escape from the reality that I'll never amount to anything.8/10. Fun game. Relaxing and good for killing time.
JMiell	Recommended	1,304.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198285976252/	I highly recommend this game to anyone thinking of buying it. Its a great game to pass the time, relax and chill with some friends all over the globe..
t0rdenskjold	Recommended	17.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/t0rdenskjold/	After playing ETS2 and the American Truck sim for a week I went and got my truck license in real life.With mods I was able to learn the 18 speed road ranger gear box before I even did my test.I now hold a truck license in real life thanks to this game. 
The Brown Weiner	Recommended	128.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/thebrownweiner/	Ok, I am not going to lie.I thought this "game" would be lame, how much fun can it possibly be to just drive a truck from point to point.I bought it on sale thinking, atleast I can get some cool screenshots and view some eyecandy (as I've seen plenty of nice screenshot come from this game) and it was 50% off so "what the heck"So I proceed to install it, and then spend nearly the next 16 concectutive hours play it without stop, listening to my 80's hair band radio, rumbling down the open roads of America, getting countless speeding tickets in California because of thier absurdly low speed limits, sleeping in truck stops, and living the good life all while riding upon my diesel stallion.This game is far from lame, this game is pure unadulterated freedom.
nznjr	Recommended	1,170.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/nznjr/	On the road againGoin' places that I've never beenSeein' things that I may never see againAnd I can't wait to get on the road again
Jack Burton	Recommended	376.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198132692278/	 Got a stressful job?  Nothing will get you relaxed like this game. Beautiful graphics, even on my old i3-2310M laptop. Active and friendly modding community. Great company, committed to continuing to develop the game for years. New official content often free.If you have any interest in trucks or trucking, you owe it to yourself to try this game.  The demo is free, and there are plenty of youtubers (try Squirrel or Jeff Favignano) who will be happy to show you the ropes.
Penta	Recommended	276.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/notpentaaa/	With the rescale this game feels finally complete and it added so much replay value. Defenitely worth the money, and it's gonna be even better with more states and trucks
sjberes3	Recommended	36.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198819432116/	Firstof all, let me say that ATS is a beautiful piece of work.  I used to have a copy of Wheels of Steel and this is vastly superior.  Tumbleweeds rolling across the highway, really creative, etc. really scenic.  The hills you have to pull (I-40 EB to Phoenix, for example) are much steeper than the game implies, long grinds at best.  I can say this because I drove a big truck for 23 years, 47 states and Canada, local and coast to coast (47 because your dispatcher NEVER let you drive in the 48th, the state you lived in . . . you might want to see home).  I only have three suggestions for old guys like myself who might want a little more reality:1)  This is a game more than a simulation.  In 50 trips I only once managed to avoid CS traffic bumps (cars out of nowhere) and red light violations that cost an average $1,300 fine EVERY trip.  It never happened in real life or I would have been fired and out of work.  2)  All of these wonderful camera views!  Unfortunately, they don't exist in real life, except for left or right side views.  If you can't see it through the windshield, side windows, or mirrors, a driver has to get out and look.  Reality again.3)  My nemesis . . . steering.  A big truck couldn't safely operate with this kind of steering.  Four to six turns lock to lock, depending on truck model and age.  Keeping it between the lines is impossible (yes, I've fiddled with the settings but they're not enough).  The weight and size of a tractor along with the gyroscopic physics of those big wheels preclude it from doing that.  Or a lot more big rigs would be resting (on their sides).If you meant this to be a game you did a masterful job.  If you meant simulation it's still a great job, just not realistic.  Perhaps a toggle at the begining, Sim/game, so we could decide.  Or maybe I'm doing it wrong. One and a half million miles under my belt I thought I knew something. Maybe I don't!  I couldn't create the title screen let alone the rest of it.  Bottom line . . . I love the GAME and will continue to play it.  Five stars!!!Keep on truckin' . . .
Bastion	Recommended	184.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/fotomikpt/	Euro Truck Simulator 2 & American Truck SimulatorIn terms of gameplay, the two games are essentially the same game. The only real difference is the map and the trucks. Regarding the map, if you buy all the map expansions for both games, the Euro Truck Simulator 2 one is way bigger. The map quality i would say is the same in both. Regarding trucks, Euro Truck Simulator 2 has more trucks, more brands and more variety. The DLC for Euro Truck is also better.For that reason, if you are only willing to buy one game, i'd say buy Euro Truck Simulator 2. I have the two games, and the reason for that is after so many hours of play, map diversity is important for me, and the fact American Truck Simulator lets me drive in a new environment was reason enough to buy. But that's it. To be honest i see ATS like a glorified map expansion to ETS2.The appealOn the surface, this game doesn't seem to have a lot to offer - you just do deliveries over and over again. This was my first impression of the game when it was launched, but out of curiosity i decided to buy. Fast forward a few years and Euro Truck and this game are my most played games on Steam at the time i'm writing this.For me the appeal of the game is that is very relaxing. After you get used to the controls, you'll find that the game doesn't require a lot of mental focus most of the time. This makes the game a perfect background for activities that do require some of your mental focus, like listening to listen to podcasts or listening to music while paying attention to the lyrics. Or maybe you just want a peaceful environment to think about stuff in your life. Or fight depression[simplikation.com]. This game can provide you that environment.I usually play this game while listening to podcasts, music or when i just want to relax and think about stuff. GameplayThe gameplay is fairly simple. You just drive your truck around Europe and do deliveries trying to get money and develop your company. While driving, it's up to you if you want to obey speed limits and traffic lights or not. But driving at high speeds and not obeying traffic lights will get you a fine. It will also increase the chance of you getting an accident and damage your truck. Fines and repairs can be expensive and will slow down your progress developing your company. This is specially important in the early game, where you are the only driver in your company and your income is not great, which means each fine and repair have a big impact. In the late game, when your company has more drivers to make money for you, paying fines and repair costs will not be a problem really.In the beginning you don't have your own truck, so you'll be making deliveries for other companies which provide their own truck. As you do these deliveries you'll earn xp and earn money little by little. When you have enough money, you can buy your truck and start your company that way. As you get more and more money, you can buy new garages and hire more drivers to make more money for you. Every time you level up you increase different skills, which will help you use less fuel, get more jobs and get more money and xp.The truck you own is also important. When you buy your first truck,it's not a bad idea to choose a weak one since you don't have the money for a better truck. But as you get more money you can upgrade your truck with better engine, transmission, chassis etc, but you can also buy a new one. Other than that there's also a lot of customization to change the look of your truck.The balance between simulation and arcadeThis game is a perfect simulation between a simulator and arcade. It is a simulator in the sense that a lot of physics on your truck concerning the engine, breaking, suspension and damage are simulated. The sounds of the truck are sounds taken from real trucks. The maps also try to represent the real locations.But it is arcade since you don't really need to know a lot of controls like in other simulator games. And even though the damage is simulated, it's really not harsh most of the times, which leaves a bit of room for error. DLCThis game has lots of DLC, and you may wonder if you really need all of it to get a full experience. The answer is no, you don't need all of it. The base game is perfectly fine to give you a sense if you like the game or not. If you are new i would say to start just with the base game, which on sale can get really cheap. If you like the game, then i would suggest to get the map DLC's. The map quality on the DLC's is very good, good detail and different scenery in each one.Other than that, there are the paint job packs, pick just the ones you like.There's also cargo DLC, which introduces new cargo to deliver. While it's nice to have new cargo, for me it didn't made a huge difference gameplay wise. Buy if you like, but i would say it's not really necessary, don't feel you are missing out if you decide not to buy.World of TrucksThis game has an official "companion site" called World of Trucks[www.worldoftrucks.com]. You can make an account and in the game you can connect your profile to your World of Trucks profile. If you do this, in the game you'll have the option to do "External deliveries". This deliveries are just like regular single-player deliveries, but its progress is tracked online and will appear on your World of Trucks profile. For that reason, it's common for them to be called "online deliveries".The developers from time to time also do special events, which require you to complete these online deliveries with some sort of special condition. The rewards of these special event usually are cosmetic items for the game.There are plans to also make World of Trucks a place where you can start online companies and all sort of other online interactivity.Your profile on World Of Trucks can also be used for Euro Truck Simulator 2.MultiplayerThis game doesn't offer multiplayer, but there is a popular mod which does. In my opinion the mod has its problems and you'll probably encounter people who will just ram everyone. With that said, i had fun moments in multiplayer, and it is worth considering.
scotty0014	Recommended	1,017.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198170897901/	I would like more states please. I have 80 trucks and would like the opportunity  for more growth, I have played 677 hours.  Overall the game is fun, I am a retired truck drive so I can relate to this game very easily.  There are times with the heavy haul that it,s hard to turn with traffic, or traffic moving/not moving so I can manipulate corners. Overall the game works because it,s not a perfect world.  Definitely need more states please, and thank you. Back up lights on the back of the truck bunks would help to see backing up at night.
NonheroicHero	Recommended	115.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/NonheroicHero/	I have played all of the other SCS American based Truck Simulators. And I've been dying for something updated like this for quite some time.Glad it finally made it to Steam too. The mods are easier to find and install than the previous games were. And you get updates automatically from the developer instead of having to go to the website to download a patch.It does need more trucks; like Freightliner, Western Star, Caterpillar, Mack, and others. And not the ones that are from the workshop either. I'd like to see actual classics from the 70's to the 90's too.Even if you do or don't like trucks. This is a simulator that really does well and isn't some cheap rip off. I have my CDL and this helps me when I am not driving because here I can make mistakes that you can't in real life.I think this would also make a great VR game too.
tijdreiziger54	Recommended	1,228.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/tijdreiziger/	When you are looking for a truck simulator, then American Truck Simulator is a good start. It gives you 3 American states on the west coast to let you show your expertise. In the future more states will come as downloads. When you're familiar with ETS2, then ATS is also a good choice. Made by the same developers it looks very familiar. But it has its own look and feeling. America is not Europe, of course. Play the game, drive the long American roads to earn your money, (the roads will even seem longer as soon as the re-scaling is done), buy garages and build a fleet of Peterbilts and Kenworths. Hire drivers to make your company even more succesfull. Enjoy the landscapes while on duty, get overwhelmed with colors of sundown. Be amazed by the architecture of the big cities and huge bridges. Like ETS2, ATS has an auto-save function, so you can always go back in time when things are running out of hand. The game can be played with all kind of devices, but keyboard and mouse also works very fine.But perhaps the greatest fun about ATS is the community, making all kind of mods to modify the game and give it the look you want. There are hundreds of free mods to find, as well in the easy to reach workshop as on several mod-websites. Trucks, trailers, trafic, sounds, landscapes, new states and countries, weather: it's all there for you to explore. Choose wisely, but most of the time these mods are of a good quality. And if you don't like it, just remove it. ATS has a decent built-in mod-manager, even showing when mods don't work properly anymore because they are out of date. And that is a bit of a down side: while ATS is evolving, not all mods are always adapted. But that is of course always a problem with stuff made by third party (partly amature) developers. This problem also exist with other games.Over all, American Truck Simulator is a great game, worth the money. I rate it 9 out of 10.ADDED november 2017.In november 2017 there came a new DLC for the game: New Mexico. Now the game is even better. Longer distances, more industries, new features.  If you like to play American Truck Simulator, you have to consider to add New Mexico too.ADDED november 2018.And again a year has passed. ATS is still a great game and with the coming of Oregon and the Special Transport DLC's it's even better. Oregon is a very nice state, completely different from the other ones. SCS has done a good job with this state. Recommended!
USATrucker379	Recommended	164.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198168229687/	Even though I am an actual American truck driver...Greetings All!!! I do drive long distances and I have to admit...this simulator is very good for what it is.  Some things are unrealistic but, I'm sure this game will improved slowly but surely. Already logged 57 hrs in, not to mentioned even logged around 700 hrs in on ETS2.Anyways, I do reccommend buying the game on steam or actual game, instead of playing the demo (if it has it), great physics (still needs improving though), No Lags (depending on your software), rain physics are nicely done and graphics are acceptable. It's a great simulator game, definitely an awesome field if you want to actually be an Trucker.  For the record, you'll make alot of money if you bought your own big rig, instead of being an company driver. For those who haven't played ETS2 or ATS or any trucking simulators yet...you're missing out! lol.  Just kidding, all the trucking simulators are awesome to play in you're into trucking. Trucking is a Challenge and alot different from the games when you are out in the real world of trucking. Atleast you will get the idea of how to handle loads, how to back up trailers in tight spots, how to feel between light and heavy loads based on engine speeds and RPMs and fuel consumption. As to those who played ETS2 and not ATS yet...Well!  there is alot of things similar, for example: The Drivers, A1 traffic drivers, trucking customizing, mods and a few others you'll recognized.    Well, keep up the best work SCS...you all are doing great. We all are looking forward to your new upcoming games, DLC packages and update patches. Happy 2017 everyone :)
Raccoon	Recommended	164.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198018667116/	I'm a student enrolled in truckdriving school. This game has been rather instrumental in demonstrating some of the proper maneuvers and whatnot in regards to semi-truck driving. Reading about a "button hook" turn and actually getting to kind of see it in action through simulation are two incredibly different things. The game has been incredibly helpful in allowing me test a lot of things out, although it is obviously by no means a substitute for being behind the wheel of an actual semi. CONS---I find the weigh stations to be far too simplistic and serving relatively little to no function ingame. You pull in on the scale and you automatically pass the gross weight. I think that it should be possible to actually end up being overweight, then the weigh stations would actually carry with them the dread that most truck drivers face. Afterall, the purpose of the weigh station is to find truck drivers who are hauling overweight loads and put them out-of-service. For drivers who -are- overweight, more rural routes to try and bypass the weigh station as certain... rogues tend to do, would also be excellent. ---The speeding fines are ridiculous. I mean, I obviously know the game isn't NASCAR simulator or something. I'm playing the game for the purpose of trying to get an idea of how the trucks handle around turns. With that being said, the truck will on occasion speed up going downhill or the speed limit might change faster than you can safely slow the truck down... and you end up getting slapped with a freaking fine for being only like 3 - 5 miles over the speed limit. (A fellow steam user has pointed out that this is actually pretty realistic though.)---Gameplay becomes repetitive. Mods that add in a multiplayer mode do help the replayability, but at the expense of no AI traffic. Neither of these two things are that big of a deal for me, but it might be for some other people.PROS---It's possible to go into settings and try to simulate how the airbrakes function in the real world. I've found this to be fun to tinker around with. It's an example of one of the many little features that the game includes that you can toggle on or off depending upon how serious you are about your overall simulating experience. ---AI drivers will perform hilariously ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥gish maneuvers just like in the real world. No, I don't mean that they're horrible drivers or incapable of following the law. They instead do something that's pretty common with a lot of drivers I've seen in Georgia. They'll be in a hurry to pass you, merge in front of you and cut you off, and then you'll see them end up jumping on the exit and speeding up to the stop sign. Like IRL, the AI drivers are sometimes in a hurry to go nowhere. Having to react to crap like that really puts the perception distance + reaction distance + braking distance rules into effect to avoid creating an accident ingame. I'm still experimenting with a lot of stuff ingame, but these are some of the pros and cons I've found in regards to how "realistic" the game is on a whole. I definitely recommend this game if you're into that sort of thing. It's more of a learning experience, more than anything, but it can be pretty fun too at times.I haven't played the New Mexico DLC yet, so I can't really comment there.
The Guini Piper	Recommended	1.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Theguinipiper/	Remember when you got so bored, you followed traffic laws while playing GTA? Well this is the game for you!
Iron Chef French Hiroyuki Sakai	Recommended	24.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ironcheffrenchhiroyukisakai/	What if you awoke one morning to find yourself inside a truck?  What if you woke up in that truck and from that moment on you were never hungry again?  Well sure, that would be interesting, but, you'd still want to eat, right?  You might reach for the handle to let yourself out of the truck, but the door doesn't open.  You try the other door with similar results.  One day you woke up inside a truck, and now that truck is your home, your prison for the rest of your life.  The truck will be your tomb when you die.  How would you react to that fate?  Would you panic?  Would you go mad?  Would you run the truck off a cliff, would you rather die than endure that grim reality?  Would you risk Hell to escape Arizona?  Or would you go to work?American Truck Simulator tells the tale of a person trapped inside a truck, which is itself trapped in the southwestern United States.  You may drive anywhere you wish, but you may never exit your truck.  There is an option to work jobs carrying freight around to earn money, although all this money can be used for is buying more trucks and garages.  You can't buy food.  You can't go out on a date with someone.  You can't sleep in a bed.  You can't speak to your family.  You can't signal for help.  Your only means of interacting with the world outside the cabin of your truck is by driving and moving things from one place to another.  The more you drive, the more the desert landscape begins to resemble an alien world.  As far as you're concerned, Nevada may as well be Mars.  It might be just outside your window but you'll never be able to set foot on that dusty orange soil.  You belong to the truck now.  You're just a part of the truck. You can't remember the taste of food, but the truck keeps you alive, somehow.  And every time you stop for gas, every gas station taunts you with its disgusting, mouth-watering gas station food.  That food you will never taste again.  That love you'll never see again.  That life you'll never have again.  The bell dings, the tank is full.How long would you have to drive, before you forgot?  How many miles of highway do you have to burn before you've burned away the person you used to be?  Would you surrender to the truck?  Would you be the best truck driver you could be?  Would you build a trucking empire from the confines of your diesel-powered oubliette?  Would you become a job provider, enriching the community for all the normal, regular people from whom you are now permanently isolated?  Maybe they would even try to find a way to get you out of the truck.  They wouldn't succeed, because the truck needs you now.  The truck needed you so it could become alive.  The truck lives through you.  You are host to a giant, steel parasite, a mechanical macrovirus that can only live by stealing life from the living.  And now that it is alive, it desires to persist.  You couldn't drive off a cliff if you wanted to, because now, you don't want to.  Now you are thinking for two, and one of you really just wants you to drive around and deliver freight.  Now you wouldn't dream of driving off a cliff.  And dream you do, though the truck may quell your hunger and thirst, it does not rob you of your need to sleep.  The truck wants to dream, too.The dreams are exciting and strange, frightening and exhilarating, but the details always escape your mind moments after you awake.With each passing slumber, the memories of the life you used to have make you feel more alive than ever.  Yes, you had a normal, mundane existence before the truck, because you are alive.  The very thought that you are alive fills you with excitement.  Alive, finally, ready to drive all over this beautiful country.  Everything you see through your windshield looks new again, every color is brighter, richer, younger.  This is life!  There's a whole world out there, waiting to be discovered.  There's folks out there, good, honest, American folks who need things transported, and you're the biomechanical lichenous organism that's going to do the job.  Not for the glory, not for the money, but because you love your fellow American living things.  If you had a way to communicate with your parents, you know they would be proud of you.  Not just for being alive, but for being the best truck-driver symbiont you could be.  Even so, they'll go the rest of their lives thinking that you were dead.  Ironic, when this is the most alive you've ever felt!  Ah, life.  Life is just, better, in a truck.
kiwi_killer	Recommended	2,815.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Kiwi_killerw/	I have played the game for over a year now, and I could proudly say that I love this game. From the chill drives on the coast, to the extensive amounts of mods it's just amazing. The only drawback is the fact that we only, at the moment have 4 trucks, 2 from kenwoorth and 2 from peterbilt. It would be amazing if we could have at leats another truck. In ets2 we have much more options to choose from, from a scania to a mercedez. But if you ignore the fact of not having as many trucks the game is truly amazing and I would recommend it to anyone looking for a chil game to play, amazing quality. - Kiwithekiller
Dandude979	Recommended	23.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/dandude979/	Pros:Great GraphicsNice sceneryNice trucksDetailed interiorsVariety of jobs and trailersMods from Steam WorkshopTrading CardsAchievmentsCons:Would like a bigger map ( I know there are more states coming like Arizona )More types of AI cars 
Grandpa's_a_Gamer	Recommended	66.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/buildageek/	I absolutely love this game. This coming from  truck driver of over 25yrs. Yes, I know there are some shortcomings in relation to physics, perceived speed, the ungodly amount of cops on the roads, etc., etc. That being said, this game is a blast. Now I'm gonna have to get a wheel and 18speed shifter. If I were to ask the devs for one addition to the game it would be scale houses and DOT patrols with random stops and the ability to run over weight for extra pay. Okay that was three things. At any rate, I highly recommend this game. It's truly addicting.
Rollo	Recommended	29.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ro0llo/	As a europian guy I've been to the USA west coast once. This game really helps me digging up the memories of that trip and gets me a small piece of that "I'm in America" fieling again.Playing it with the Oculus rift blows your mind!
Panzer Vor	Recommended	25.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/HypeTech/	The AI for the traffic is so realistic, they actively cut you off and make you pay for the damages.
Megurine Luka	Recommended	186.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/megurinerukachan/	A wonderful game-simulation driving of truck. From the developers of ETS 1/2 this game will take you to America.    The game has a well-worked cities and roads. Pretty nice graphics and great optimization. The default map is very small, it contains only two States: California and Nevada. Two more States are adding the Arizona and new Mexico DLC, which hint, that for each state will have to pay. That's one of the downsides.    Also a drawback is the meager vehicle fleet. 2 brands Kenworth and Peterbilt and several models in each. The possibilities of customizing your truck are also small. If outside you can change the main elements (wheels, handles, etc.), in the cabin changes only the steering wheel.    But despite this, the game is wonderful, because of the transmitted atmosphere, and users's modifications whether maps or vehicles will increase the fun.    I recommend to buy the game, but only at a discount.
Madkiwi Gaming	Recommended	1,284.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198284185087/	Love this game. bought it the day it was released and was not disapointed. have 1200 hrs in it now. use a steering wheel and pedals with the techaffliction shifter can play this for hours on end..
Ferbinago	Recommended	531.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Ferbinago/	American Truck SimulatorAmerican Truck Simulator, Is rather like Euro Truck simulator 2, but put in America. What Do You Do?You start off simple, you start off driving other company trucks, and deliver them at a slow rate of income, eventually you can keep doing so as in 'Quick Jobs' and keep earning money. Or if you're rather impatient you could start taking either a loan for a new truck to increase your income by hauling with your own equipment, you'll earn a lot more and level up for new perks. Then you can eventually expand upgrading your garage, and hiring drivers and so on.Now, As I've stated, American Truck Simulator is like Euro Truck Simulator, but placed in America. As start of the game you can only drive through 3 states that are included without DLC: -California-Navada-ArizonaNew DLC:-New MexicoAlthough the progress SCS have been made, the game is still lacking on what it can hold. Understanding the issue SCS is having is adding new trucks due to licensing, they need permission to put them in the game. I'm sure at some time, we'll get new trucks to purchase in game.  As I continue to wait until this very day.. Although only a few trucks are available for the moment, there are still a lot of custimizations, just like in Euro Truck Simulator 2. [Also Note: If you've purchased the Wheel Tuning Pack From ETS2, You get it free for ATS!]Is there Mod Support?If desired, SCS has allowed the Steam Workshop to be compatable with American and Euro Truck simulators, so you can simply add Mod's such as trucks,Configurations and so on...Final VerdictOverall I've spent  hours within playing this game, I still come back to it each time they update it, I can say that the game does however feel like an Early Release, I feel like they've released ATS too early, then it should of been. But still, this game right now is just marvelous, wonder landscapes, the cities are well done so far!My Overall rating 8.9/10Edit: 12/31/2017 Adding New Mexico being DLC/Re-Wording/Grammar Checking.
Ryan Dorkoski	Recommended	35.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/steric400/	American Truck Simulator is essentially flawless, and my-oh-my how addicting. I wish I got onboard sooner. This seriously makes me want to order a wheel and boot up the VR. What a beautiful game in every sense. I always loved the idea of EuroTruck Simulator but never could bring myself to invest the time to learn to drive on the other side of the road. Essentially, you deliver cargo from one point to another. While this is almost all pure simulator stuff, time isn't a 1:1. What I mean is that in-game time is accelerated - and they found a great balance with how long runs last. Each job is mostly travel, and then at the end you get three options with how to park. The choices boil down to three difficulty options that range from 'skip parking', pulling in, and finally the hardest is backing in. You get monetary fines for things like excessive speeding, hitting cars, and running red lights. Eventually you can save up enough money (or take out a loan) to buy and manage your own fleet of trucks. It's all very well done. Tons of truck upgrades, both functional and cosmetic. Allow me to gush a bit.They nailed the beautiful American landscape. I just cannot take my eyes off of the scenery. It never fails to deeply impress me. The world truly feels alive and dynamic. Now after very recently playing Farming Simulator 2013, this was a breath of fresh air, and quite frankly, not expected. Nearly everything you could experience IRL on a roadtrip is in here. People pulled over by police, accidents, construction - you name it. And the actual NPC models and animations are top-notch. I'm really impressed here. The traffic AI is spot-on. Again, the whole thing feels alive in the way a simulator like this should - but usually doesn't. For example, merging for construction feels just like it does IRL. It's all those little details that take this game from 'really good' to 'great'. You can fine tune and alter a lot about your truck, including side mirrors and lighting, among many other things. Tumbleweeds blowing across the road. Minute details about the road. Things like this. Top-notch attention to detail, really.Pros:+Horribly addicting+Tons of meat on the bone here with leveling up and upgrades and management+Using VR with a wheel and pedals would be nuts+The American landscape is remarkable and represented perfectly+The world feels so dynamic and alive+Lots of customization options for your truck and business+An overall wonderful experienceCons:-Eh, I could nitpick just a tad with some minor issues with traffic lights or fines - but it's so small in comparison to the big picture here-I'm an east-coast kind of guy :)What a fantastic experience. I wish everyone could experience this.
SDreadnoug	Recommended	24.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SDreadnoug/	This game is pretty ♥♥♥♥ing ideal for when you just need to calm down.Right now there are only three states but since they're adding more in in the upcoming months you'll be able to go on even longer haul shipments, which means more time and more money.Some people could call this a time waster but for some odd reason it's actually really enjoyable.
Longhaul444	Recommended	1,558.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/longhaul444/	As a truck driver of over 25 years in the US, I love ATS. There are some things that the game has, that are let's say eh. But for the most part, it is challenging with the use of certain mods trying to get into some of the delivery points. With the addition of NM they added more realistic looking scenery. The AI still needs a fine tuning, so they don't hit the brakes when changing lanes. After almost 1400 hrs playing this game, I would definately buy it again. I don't use anything other than a kb and mouse to drive, so I can't speak to the issues others are having with their steering wheels. I have had similiar issues with flight sims and yokes, so it's a hit and miss with addon equipment. The physics of the game itself is fine, needs to be tweaked more to make it closer to realistic. As you can't take a off ramp irl at 60 mph (on some) and not risk rolling over. Overall this is a good game for the money. You have access to tons of mods to make it what you want it to be. You can also add an external program to log your loads and keep track of what you do. I haven't seen an update that I didn't like from SCS. And if your wanting more than just 4 states to drive in, then add Canada (Canada Dream), Coast to Coast (lower 48), and Mexico (Viva Mexico) and now you have a whole new game to drive in. If you want to experience a driving sim that is close to reality as you can get (at the moment) then ATS is about as good as your gonna get. Granted it's the stepchild of ETS2, meaning we get updates after they do. But overall I do love this ATS, and I would recommend it.
[72nd PVI] SgtMaj. Odin Jasper	Recommended	132.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198066554242/	Buy Truck = $175,000.00Put cool stickers on truck = $350.98Fuel up Truck = $270.54clip police cruiser taking turn too sharp = $800Getting super drunk in a safe environment and think you know everything about trucks = Priceless 
CoffeeAnimal401™ ☕	Recommended	812.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/coffeeanimal401/	I love this game so much that I play it almost everyday!
EvilJackCarver	Recommended	136.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/eviljackcarver/	I picked this up the day after it came out, and have been playing it off and on since my new HDD came in - so far I'm liking what I'm seeing. Please bear in mind this review is coming from someone who came from Euro Truck Simulator 2, and while I've tried to avoid comparisons between the two, they're inevitably going to crop up as I type this.I'll divide this into 4 sections: The great, the good, the bad, and the ugly.The GreatHere's what I felt was executed masterfully, what I feel there's little to no way to improve upon what's already in the game:- Believable damage implementation. There's no collision deformation, sadly, but as your truck becomes damaged, more and more things start happening - neglect your engine and it'll start to fail mid-trip, neglect your gearbox and you'll lose the high gears.- Very immersive. It's easy to lose yourself in this game. Put on a radio station or a podcast, and relax.- Easy to mod. The game makes itself easy to mod, and has a large and active modding community as a result. If you type in "American Truck Simulator" into the search engine of your choice you'll see at least ten websites dedicated to mods.- Trailer parking system gives you a choice in difficulty. Upon arrival with a load, you almost always have a choice in where to park the load, with 3 options - generally, a more difficult one that requires backing up, an easier one where you just pull straight in, and an option to skip.- Decent trailer variety. One of the things I noticed in ETS2 was how there was really one major variant to most trailers, excluding liveries. With most trailers here, there's a short variant and a long variant.- Towns on the map actually feel like towns. Unlike in ETS2, there's actually commercial and residential districts in the towns across the map - it doesn't just feel like a giant industrial district. The goodHere's what I felt was done well, but had room for improvement:- The map is rather detailed. You can tell that someone spent a lot of care working with the map, and it doesn't feel at all like a bunch of pre-fabricated areas cut and pasted together. Some bits don't make much sense, however, such as a burger stand without a parking lot, or a giant sign advertising a hotel-and-casino sitting in front of a motel parking lot, no casino or hotel in sight. Scaling feels a bit awkward as well, a good example is on the Cali 58 southeast of Bakersfield where there's four sudden hills one after another - fun, yes; but a bit unrealistically close together.- Weather effects are pretty nice, but limited. It's mildly disappointing waking up in 'Frisco and not seeing the Bay's thick fog over the Golden Gate Bridge, or not seeing the wind kick up a dust storm out in the Nevada desert sometimes.- Policing system was reworked from ETS2's. There's actually patrol cars that'll drive around the roads, that act as speed cameras on wheels. If you speed near them, they'll turn on the lightbar, and you'll get a citation. You'll see a few parked on the side of the road running radar here and there, as well. However, the amount of police cruisers patrolling the streets is absurd, especially on the freeways where you can have three patrol cars one after another. They also bear a generic CHiP livery, which is a bit bland.The badHere's what I felt rather disappointed by - not enough for me to feel a rework is in order, but enough for me to want to complain about it:- The game feels very unfinished. When it came time to release, there were all of two trucks. As of me typing this, there are three - 2 Kenworths, and a Peterbilt. Customisation is rather limited, and it seems overlooked. If you look around in the options you'll find keybindings mentioning beacon lights (no such beacons exist yet) and in the lighting adjustment you'll find options referencing auxiliary lights (which also do not exist yet). Also, at one on/off ramp in Elko, there's redundant traffic signals facing the wrong way on the ramp. Although several modders have ported in customisation items from ETS2 that render most of the previous sentences moot, it still feels as if this game is little more than a beta at this stage. (You'll note I did not mention anything about what states the map does or does not include.)- Passing zones on back roads are few and far between. Seriously - there's very few places where you don't have the double yellow line that isn't right before an intersection - I'm not from California nor Nevada, but I know that here, at least, unless you're coming up to a blind hill or corner, or an intersection, there's a passing zone. Mildly frustrating when you're behind an underpowered truck doing 20 below at the start of a long straight section.- The traffic's AI is a bit screwey sometimes. They'll wait to signal a turn until they're a car-length away, they'll pull out in front of you to turn right at some traffic lights (especially bad when the speed limit's 55), and - my biggest nitpick - when they're turning right on green, they'll stop at the light, pull up a bit, stop again then make the turn - bad news for a driver not expecting this.- Road signage nitpicks: If you're unfamiliar with the roads you're on, speed limit changes occur without warning - especially, in once case, a 55 to 25 drop. (Note: In the previous example, it's fairly obvious the reduction is coming if you look at the GPS; however 55 to 35 drops are fairly common.) I don't know if it's done this way in California/Nevada, but down where I'm from, sudden speed limit changes are announced a ways beforehand with a sign reading "REDUCED SPEED AHEAD" or a sign with the speed limit on it, with an arrow pointing forward (think the "YIELD AHEAD" signs in-game, but with a speed limit sign instead of the yield triangle). Road work signs are posted a short ways away from the construction site, not all of 25 feet before.The UglyHere's the (thankfully only 1 major) things I felt was done horribly:- Weigh stations give little to no warning. The major killers here are the two on IH-80 in Nevada, where the speed limit goes up to 80 and you have a chance to get up to speed. Here, it's rather rare for AI trucks to get going that fast, so I'm usually in the inside lane overtaking the other trucks. The notification is set so close to the weigh station, you have 5 and a half seconds at ten under to decide whether you have enough time to get up to speed, pass, and get into the weigh station, or whether you need to brake and drop back, try and squeeze into the spot between the truck you're passing and the car behind it, and slam on the brakes to make it into the weigh station. This isn't an exaggeration, either - I was in an underpowered Kenworth T680 passing a truck with a tipper-trailer when I got the notif between Truckee and Reno, and just barely had enough time to brake, squeeze between him and the cop behind him, and pull into the weigh station - if I'd have taken a half second longer to react, I literally would have missed the off-ramp.- The purpose of coinsurance is not well explained. I might have just missed it, but all I knew was "it would be paid separately" (said when I bought my truck) and that it shows at the bottom of the diagnostics page. Closing notesAll cons aside, if you're a diehard fan of ETS2 and want to support the company like I did, it's worth the twenty bucks. If you merely like ETS2, I'd recommend getting the demo and seeing what ATS has to offer before jumping in. If you're new to SCS, stick with ETS2.All in all, I'll give it a solid B-.Review typed for game version 1.1.1.3s on 2016-02-21. Edited 2016-03-03 because I timed the weigh station bit and to remove an erroneous example in the "unfinished" bullet. 
ToastOfDoom	Recommended	19.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Abbadabadon/	Put on a podcast, pick a far away destination, and zone out to this game for hours. It's a ton of fun!Side note: It's almost exactly like Euro Truck Simulator, aside from new enviroments and a few changes to the layout of the roads and trucks. Not saying that's a bad thing, ETS2 was amazing, but it's something you should know if you already own it.
Kosmozuikis	Recommended	57.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kosmozuikis/	Murica here i comeI play ETS2 to relax, and i have sunken more than 150 hours into that game and still am coming back to it. ATS is practically the same game with new trucks and scenery.If you played ETS2 you know exactly what to expect. It‘s literally the same, even the menu is the same. But i don‘t consider that a negative thing, though some things could‘ve been improved.After the ETS2 graphics upgrade the game looks gorgeous. ATS is no different, it looks great. Developers put a lot more work into scenery and cities. The American environments never gets old and is always nice to look at and the cities feels alive and real.The game core didn‘t change. You must drive from pont A to point B and deliver various goods. There are only three trucks in game so far, but it‘s enough for the start, and they‘re badass American trucks! There‘s only two states for now – Nevada and California, you will drive through them in no time, but it feels developers have put more work into them than ETS2 Europe map. Scandinavia DLC looks much better than default EU map, and ATS looks even better than Scandinavia. So i‘d rather have less but quality content than more but shallow and bland.The game is only 20€ on steam, so you kinda get what you pay for. The more content will be added through DLC and this is one of those rare games when i wait for DLC because i know these developers will not disappoint, they want to make the game better and are always looking for ways to improve their games. After ATS was released the steam workshop was added to both games. People were asking for it for years and finally these amazing developers done it. Thank you. Now applying mods is as simple as clcking the mouse button.What i think should be improved is physics and force feedback. The physics feels too arcadey, i know developers are doing their best, but for a new game they could‘ve improved physics. Also Force feedback could use some improvements. But overall driving feel is good.Graphics are nice and all, but not having anti-aliasing in this day seems a bit stupid huh? I know maybe it‘s because engine limitations or something, but it‘s really not my problem, AA is a must! Other than that performance is inconsistent. I'd say the game runs worse than ETS2, but it also looks more detailed. There‘s nothing more to say, if you liked ETS2 you‘ll like this one. Just start the engine, open a beer and drive trough beautiful American scenery.Pros:Beautiful to look atCities are big and feel realSame relaxing gameplayCons:No anti-aliasing Performance issuesMy curator page 
1sot0pe	Recommended	217.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/1sot0pe/	Well that was unexpected.I'm not really a "car person." I have zero interest in trucks and never considered driving a big rig in real life (the prospect of maneuvering the things would stress the hell out of me). Driving games never appealed to me (this is the first driving game I've ever purchased and I've been a gamer for 30 years), so this was the last game I ever expected to like. The only thing that gave me a glimmering that I might like something like this was trading in Elite: Dangerous, but even then I passed it over as it went on sale again and again (I mostly heard about Euro Truck Simulator 2, not ATS).The only reason I picked it up is because I enjoy driving and I heard it was a pretty chill and relaxing game. I figured it might be good for when I just want to zone out or listen to music, podcasts, or audio books while playing something. It turns out to be a lot more fun than I expected.It isn't tagged as an RPG but it has RPG elements - you gain levels and put points into skills that unlock more types of deliveries you can make (such as various hazardous materials and delicate goods), increase your income per job, and boost your fuel economy. Beyond that, you can buy a truck, upgrade it, buy garages, more trucks, and hire drivers to drive those trucks in your business. When you have drivers working for you, you can direct how they upgrade their skills.Currently there are 4 trucks you can buy (Peterbilt 389 and 579, Kenworth W900 and T680). More are supposedly on the way (when licensing with manufacturers is worked out), but in the meanwhile more trucks are available from mods (there are a good number of mods available, quite a few more than are listed on Steam Workshop).The base game world has 3 states - California, Nevada, and Arizona (free DLC). There are also mods that add to this (though I haven't tried them yet). A long delivery in the base game will be about 1000 miles. With a scale of 1:20, the last journey I did of that length (from Tucson to Redding) took 1h 5m to complete in real time driving the speed limit (kept the timer running when paused and planning where to rest and get gas, but didn't include the time to park, as that would vary more according to the player).I thought that I would want longer trips and would still like more states for the option of going on longer journeys, but when making 800 to 1000 mile deliveries, I never thought to myself, "This feels too short." Downsides:I don't mind these, but others might - only 4 vehicles and 3 states.Money seems too easy to come by - when you take out a loan, you can pay it off early without paying interest or penalties, and a single job can pay over $80,000 when you have all your skills upgraded. This can make money trivial later. To avoid this, I use a hard economy mod so that jobs pay about 1/10 that.The AI of other drivers can be flakey and sometimes, while making turns, you can get boxed into a bad position with other cars. In real life, you could communicate with other drivers to go around but in the game they just sit honking at you. To get around this without collisions, you can save and reload (all cars around you vanish on loading a saved game) or use a console command to make cars vanish.I use a 360 controller and found myself wanting two things. A steering indicator when in external view to show the position of your wheels when there is no lighting. The option for both the mouse and the controller to steer. The controller stick turns your steering wheel at a constant rate and there are times I wish that I could switch to the mouse to turn more quickly.Overall, this game was a big surprise and can see myself sinking many more hours into it.
ɌΞLSŦIN	Recommended	165.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Relstin/	I thought about being a trucker IRL a few years back. Got cold feet and played this instead. I certainly don't regret it.Pros:+ Driving in the American SW means many Fallout New Vegas references for me (Is that weird?)+ My 5 year old laptop can play it.+ My preferred truck maker (Kenworth) is already available.+ The Heavy Cargo Pack is a fun challenge.+ Fun looking highway interchanges.+ In ETS2 I feel like I'm going to roll my truck on its side half of the time. I don't have that feeling in ATS.+ Still recieving updates.Cons:- Limited to 3 states (Soon to be 4) I know I could DL a map mod. But they could use some more work IMO.- Only 4 trucks at the moment. But since KW's are already available, I can't complain too much. I would like to see a T660  and a T800 (The latter for the Heavy Cargo DLC) in the future though.- Not the most realistic. Most new truckers looking to become an owner/operator would most likely start with an old used truck and not a shiny new one out of the dealer. And the only place you would see a daycab at a truckstop IRL is at the pumps.
Dranged	Recommended	142.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/DrangedGamer/	I used to work at Wal-Mart and I was the second shift ICS supervisor. Unloading trucks all evening.I spent $15 and bought American Truck SimulatorI downloaded the Real Company Logo Mod from steam workshop.I picked a freight market Job working for Wal-Mart.I picked up a Wal-Mart trailer that consisted of delivering Frozen Foods.I drove it into on-coming traffic so the rest of the world can feel my pain.11/10 would Avenge my past again.
Narukoopa	Recommended	18.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/narukoopa/	 All of my reviews are based around my personnal opinion, they're not swayed by a majority of people liking or disliking it.  Better than  Euro Truck Simulator  Worse than  Euro Truck Simulator 2  TL:DR American Truck Simulator is more of a re-skin of ETS2 but with added detail. People who've played ETS2 will pretty much recognise what they're doing and where to find things due to the game being made using the same engine. If you're new to the Truck Simulator franchise however, you'll find that this game is actually quite fun. The environments are beautiful, the cities are very big and there's a huge variety of roads such as ones that are long and narrow and ones that are more difficult to navigate. If you've played ETS2, I'd say wait till this game is on sale. If you're a newcomer, well worth your money! NOTE: All of my reviews are laid out in a particular format that fits the game. About American Truck Simulator [ATS] is a spin off to the popular game, Euro Truck Simulator 2 [ETS2]. Just like the title says, you'll be driving around two of America's states, California and Nevada, in a truck. Since ATS was made using the same engine as ETS2, there are a lot of similarities, most notabley the UI. Just like It's previous games, in ATS you start a company in which you make deliveries for other people to earn money. The more money you get, the more you can upgrade your warehouse, and get drivers to work for you. That's basically it. Gameplay Again, gameplay for this game is a lot like ETS2. If you've played ETS2, then this game shouldn't be difficult for you at all. If you haven't played ETS2, It's not hard to get into basics. There are differnet modes for controls, some which are more difficult than others. Just like ETS2, there are radio stations where you can listen to music, you can customize your truck by adding different paint jobs, there are different camera views to view your truck from different angles and have the basis of any other vehicle such as headlights, indicators, windscreen wipers and a horn. But as I mentioned before there is added detail to ATS. One thing for example is police cars. Police cars pretty much act as moving speed cameras. If you break the speed limit and/or do something that's illegal they'll fine you, plus turn on their sirens and just sit there.... watching you.Cities and towns are much bigger than the ones in ETS2. There is now an actual good reason to travel through cities and admire the views.The map in this game is pretty disappointing, I've already discovered at least 80% of it. Yes I know, they're adding a free dlc soon that adds Arizona, but right now, the map is small. Design & Graphics I would say there is a slight better quality when it comes to graphics & design that ETS2. ATS isn't a hard game to run when it comes to graphics. Just like it's predecessor, there are plenty of graphics options. I can easily run Ultra graphics, so I'm assuming it isn't that hard. One of the main things the developers were working on this game, was design. The game has much more detail than ETS2. There is much more of a variety of different roads. cities and towns are much larger and are more detailed and there are some really beautiful views. Sometimes at night times you can see shooting stars, and in day time you can easily see planes and jets flying around. Also I swear I saw a UFO in Nevada... UI [User Interface] Like I said before, the UI of this game is pretty much Identical to ETS2's, pretty much nothing has changed, which in most ways is a good thing. If you've played ETS2 then you won't have any trouble on getting to understand where everything is. As for newcomers, just like in the previous games, there are tutorials that tell you where everything is, so I doubt there will be a time where you struggle. Pros - Beautiful Environment- So much detail!- Very relaxing- It's pretty much what you want in a truck game.- Much bigger towns and cities. Cons - Such a small map.- Very similar to ETS2.- Some background terrain looks very bland. Final Recommendation More of a reskin, than a unique game. People who've played ETS2 before would probably find this a bit disappointing. But from my experience I've enjoyed playing this. There is much more added detail and many beautiful places to explore, even if It's a small map. Just like It's predecessor, It's a relaxing experience, thats what's important to me. It isn't perfect, and It's definitely not better than ETS2, but It is worth your money.Final Verdict - 7.5/10.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ficMiV3AfuEhttp://store.steampowered.com/app/270880/If you liked this review, be sure to give it a like! I'm still learning. :)Also be sure to follow my curator page here- http://steamcommunity.com/groups/narukoopasfriends#curationThanks for Reading!
-XCE-	Recommended	168.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/-XCE-/	I myself am from the UK so you would think that I'd be more into european trucks however, I'm more into American styled trucking because they have so much more to offer and they also bring a lot more to the trucking industry with variety.I'm extremely surprised with the amount of feedback that SCS Software have been getting for the creation of American Truck Simulator. I understand though that the seperate Multiplayer Client for the Game isn't quite as popular as ETS2 which is done to a few obvious reasons. 1.) MP was first created for the Game, 2.) There are more European drivers on the Game, and 3.) ETS2 has a lot more content to offer since it's been out a lot longer than ATS.I'm thoroughly enjoying the new re-scaling that that SCS Software have done and cannot wait to see what they have installed for us within the upcoming Months/Years. If you were thinking about purchasing this Game but wasn't sure due to the popularity of it at this moment in time, I would say BUY IT!These types of simulation Games take time to peice toegther, considering they are basing the Game off of real like destinations and scenery. I mark this Game 10/10 as I've always been impressed with the quality of work that the Company set out to achieve.
TheJackHammer	Recommended	111.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198148490712/	Extremely therapeutic
Ichinin	Recommended	191.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198032267380/	American Truck Simulator is a continuation of SCS tradition of (almost only) Truck Simulators, still ATS have little in comon with previous titles like 18 Wheels of Steel. First of all: It is beautiful. It is a lovely experience to drive, even without a wheel since the new steering system was implemented in Euro Truck simulator.ATS features western USA, currently only California, Nevada and Arizona. More states will surely follow as DLCs. Some mods open up the entire continent, but they are unsupported and may cause problems with your savegame. Some of the community made stuff is really great, i remember the ETS2 PROMODS Scandinavian mod that added the nordic countries to the game, and it was very nicely done.The game is basically this: Move cargo from A to B.Doesnt sound like much fun, but considering that you are the one behind the wheel who gets to get the trailer from say, Reno to Phoenix, curse at slow drivers, drive slowly through the very lifelike rain, chose a speedy route around Sacramento to avoid the morning rush, avoid getting a speedingticket from hidden police cars and eventually detach the trailer at the destination, hopefully without having dented it, because damage cause a penalty and you wont get as much money and XP.As you drive, you level up and chose what type of cargo and bonuses you should get. So do any drivers you hire but you can control what types of cargo they haul and with that what sort of skill they should aim for when leveling up.You can customise your trucks, add better engines, paint, lights (etc) and as you level up, you unlock more things to add.Only bad thing about ATS i suspect: Like with ETS/ETS2, there is no endgame stuff to buy. Once you get a truckstop in all cities, fill em with trucks and drivers (if you do not run out of them, like i did in ETS2), there isnt a whole lot to do. I was sitting on €200 mil in ETS2 which was the equivalent of the GDP of a small nation and had nothing to buy. Right now i cannot see any endgame cash-sink features that would put a future fortune to good use. This is a small problem though since the game is more about driving around.Is it worth it? Well, as with all SCS truck games: Buy!Hint: Something that gives you a good atmosphere is to find a good internet radiostation and play that in the background and you drive endlessly into the night.
Lantea	Recommended	70.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Lantea13/	As I have said in my ETS2 review driving a virtual truck might not seem like the most exiting of things, but ATS just like ETS2 before it manages to achieve the improbable and actually makes it a very relaxing and fun experience to just start your favourite music on the radio and drive through the expansive roads, cities and small towns of California, Nevada, and Arizona delivering various goods and growing your trucking empire.Both ETS2 and ATS have something unique to offer. ATS captures the feel of US roads pretty well particularly after the rescale SCS has done to make the map a lot bigger and complete. The diversity of companies and cargo is pretty good in my opinion, and the three states provide plenty of roads to drive, even if not as much as full ETS2. The complexity of cities is also better in ATS than in most parts of ETS2.ATS definitely has a different feel to ETS2, the landscapes are new as well as road layouts and the overall feel is different to when I am driving in ETS2. You can definitely tell whether you are in Europe or the US and not just because of the truck you are driving. The only downside of ATS currently is that it has only 2 truck brands with 4 truck models together; and it seems SCS is having a rather hard time getting new truck licenses so the wait for new trucks, if you don’t like using mods, might be rather long.Overall ATS is a brilliant US truck simulator with a ton of potential when new states and new trucks are added in the future. 
Ottro	Recommended	22.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198044397806/	There is something very satisfying about doing a buck-thirty down the interstate listening to the fat turbo spooling on my Kenworth W900 with the faint sound of John Denvers "Take Me Home, Country Roads" playing in the background. I feel truly American, as Canadian as I am in person. With that out of the way, American Truck Simulator (ATS) is a great game for anyone into simualtions, or fans of Euro Truck Simulator. To start off, I went on a grind to make enough money to buy my own truck, a kenworth W900. With more grinding to come, I finally got enough money and experience to upgrade the internals of my truck. Oh boy, was it a great investment (Thanks bank!). I could finially do my own deliveries at my own pace. I got comfy in my chair, poured myself a nice hot cup of coffee, and was on my way to building up my trucking empire. Deliveries were going great, until of course, I picked up some sort of barrier. Now let me tell you, this ♥♥♥♥ing this was longer than you coudl imagine. With the length of American trucks already being pretty big, this trailer just added to the experience.  My first left turn, bam, I'm hit with a $970 accident fine. Right turn onto the highway, i successfully plowed down a stop sign, along with a couple of road markers. It's okay though, I am now on the highway cruising along. At this point, I think I am the king of the road and that no one can get into my way. But no, the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ police have to ruin all my fun. I am hit with multiple speeding tickets, and the end of my trip, I had racked up about $10,000 worth of fines. 10/10 would pay $10,000 worth of fines.in all honestly, ATS is a great game. However, the abse game does seem a little unfinished. You are only allowed to travel within 3-4 states, all located in the South Western part of the United States. However, if you download the Coast-to-Coast mod, you are able to travel all around the country. This mod makes ATS what it should have been on launch. To enhance the ATS experience even more, there are also multiple graphic anhancing mods that can be found on the Steam Workshop for ATS. This makes the game so much more visually appealling, adding better textures for to the roads, mountains and trucks. Other mods such as Real Engines and Sounds by Wilson212, and Meatballs Traffic Density Mod by meatball_21 make ATS much more realistic. Be carefull, with Meatballs Traffic Density Mod, you'll want to be one badass driver if you want to make your urgent delivery in time. I have madea collecting with all the mods that I think are essential for ATS. Thanks to all the creators of course. My collection can be found here: https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198044397806/myworkshopfiles/?section=collections&appid=270880Although I only have a couple hours in ATS, i have over 60 in ETS2 (low compared to other) but I still think I have a good idea of what ATS is and could be. I highly recommend buying this game, espcially now during the summer sale. Good luck, and happy trucking!
jose1019_alva	Recommended	4.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198358748120/	Someone enjoy the game:3B2VK-Y535T-90KGP
SevenDeck	Recommended	7.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198148030287/	Fun!So far I learnt that Americans don't like highway lights that much.
SiSL	Recommended	1,273.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/sisl/	Successor of Euro Truck Simulator 2, with American style , American roads and now with upcoming re-scale, much much bigger map with realistic feeling of American roads.  Strongly recommended for anyone who likes trucking, chill time and engine roars..
tenner	Recommended	44.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/stennerx/	Positives:+Relaxing+Beautiful graphics+Good replayability because you level up and that allows you to buy new trucks+Many mod options+Good difficulty optionsNegatives:-If scenery is not enough stimulating enough for you, the trips are gonna be pretty boring.-Not a whole lot of exploration to do, at least not late game.All in all: Recommended for people who likes scenery and travelling. Not recommended for people who is only attracted to vast amounts of action.
KorvaMeister	Recommended	13.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/KorvaMeister/	===[ Audience ]=== ☐ Children☑ Everyone☐ Casual players☐ Pro players===[ Graphics ]=== ☐ Pure ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥☐ Terrible☐ Bad☐ OK☐ Good ☑ Beautiful ☐ Exceptional===[Price/quality: ]=== ☐ Full price ☑ Wait for sale ☐ Refund it if you can☐ Stay away===[ Requirments: ]=== ☐ 90' PC☐ Minimum☐ Medium ☑ Fast☐ High end ☐ Beastly===[ Difficulty: ]=== ☐ Difficult to lose ☐ Rather easy☑ Easy to learn / Hard to master ☐ Hard (first few hours)☐ Impossible===[ Game time/length ]=== ☐ Really short ( 0 - 2 hours)☐ Short ( 2 - 6 hours)☐ Few hours ( 6 - 12 hours)☐ Long ( 12+ hours)☑ Endless===[ Story] === ☑ It doesn't have☐ ☐ Average☐ Good☐ Fantastic===[ Bugs ]=== ☐ Barely- if at all, runs☐ Everywhere☐ Lot of bugs☑ Few Bugs☐ Nothing===[ Overall ]===☐ Burn it with fire☐ Terrible☐ Bad☐ Ok☐ Good☑ Nice☐ Perfect
Eddek_PL	Not Recommended	40.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/eddek_fz/	At the time of this review I got about 33hrs on the clock. I've played other truck sims in the past, starting with Hard Truck and Hard Truck 2 way in the day, soldiered on with whole 18 Wheels of Steel set and both ETS games. This being the latest in the whole set is most disappointing to me to be honest.The thing is, since the 18WoS:ALH I feel like the series is moving backward. It's true we get larger and more detailed maps, licensed trucks, better graphics and sound, but core gameplay is moving backward with every new game. Let me point out the things that bother me:Game is at this time only 4 states in south-western US in comparison to 18:WoS the whole of US, northern Mexico and southern Canada. More detailed but ultimately way smaller.There are 2 truck makes (Kenworth and Peterbuilt) with 2 models each - that's four models of trucks you can drive or even see on the road. 18WoS had, without a license, but 32 models across 8 manufacturers. Even ETS2 beats ATS with 13 models across 7 makes.Running your own company is dull and pointless. The logo you pick doesn't matter at all, you see it in the menu and that's it. In 18WoS it was on the trucks you owned. You can buy garages and hire drivers, but you can't order them around like in 18WoS games. They just go on random "jobs" getting some small revenue. You can't even see them on the map, not to say the game world - it's a just a note in the menu that you have an employee and that he does something. Even the sort of the truck doesn't have any impact on their performance, so you can buy the most basic truck with cheapes engine and gearbox with no accessories. That truck will never be seen, so skip the paint-job and shiny rims too. None of those things matter. Unlike 18WoS games, where the trucks you owned existed in the game world, you could order a driver to a specific company and specific delivery and then you could follow him around in your own truck. If even the garages had your company's logo on them when you buy them, but even that is too much to ask apparently.Map is large and quite detailed (ie. not factually accurate, but the cities are less 3x3 square grid and more "there are UFOs near Roswell"), but the whole map is uniform. In 18WoS you could go to Canada, where it'll snow instead of rain. Trailers would grip differently on snow (and on wet for that matter) than on dry tarmac, so your truck could jack-knife if you hit the breaks on that bend or went into that bend going too fast. None of those thing are present in ATS.Tickets. The way they work is just stupid. I get traffic collisions and running a red light in a city - fine. But $700 fine for running 36mph on 30mph just past speed-limit sign when breaking from a too-often spawning cop-car going the other way? Done. Running a red light on road works in the middle of the desert in the middle of the night with no-one in sight? - Done. I remember outrunning a cop car in 18WoS:PTTM when driving empty. If they can't catch you, they can't fine you. Not in ATS, you get the ticket always for everything as an arbitrary decision. Deal with it.Why I can't sleep in my _sleeper cab_ and need to find a rest stop is way beyond me.CB-Radio - damn I miss this, asking for road conditions, weather, bears or just random chatter. Radio is fine, but why can't we have both? I get that in ETS, many countries with different languages and all, but in ATS that problem is gone.AI - it was always dumb and nothing has changed here, I got used to the way it works and I'm fine with it. It does react to blinkers and hazards, will stop and let you on the intersection, will give you way when merging, will bump into each other from time to time and when that happens you're better off just driving around them, since they don't get the idea of backing up and will continue to try to move forward, even if that means bumping into each other again.So, in 10 years time since 18:WoS: American Long Haul we got a game that is prettier, has a tool for making pictures and regressed in gameplay to the turn of the century. I still kinda enjoy it, but I just can't recommend it. It's a glitter covered shell of what the 18WoS games used to be.UPDATE: Since many people in the comments are pointing out that "there are mods!" I think I need to address this here. Mostly because I'm bored of repeating this in the comments.I know there are mods. I know mods can do many things with the base game (more trucks, more accessories, bigger map and whatever). Thing is, when I bought the game there were no mods installed. To be honest, I visited Steam workshop after about an hour or two into the game, because it felt incredibly empty. 4 trucks, few AI traffic cars, few options to customize a truck. I then wasted another hour or two picking through workshop for few decent mods that weren't paint-jobs. Only then the game got some more content. Content that the developers didn't put in there. Now I know that there are many other sites with various mods for ATS, but the first wall I got was "for version x.xx". So, every time a game gets an update and the mod doesn't I'm expecting trouble and if there are trouble I'm expected to dig through the mods to find the one's busted and update or disable it. Definitely NOT the experience I paid for. The second wall was that many trucks don’t look on par with SCS-made trucks. I know there are people who don’t care about it, who are able to spend 5 hours fixing stuff so they can play for another 5 hours, well I’m not one of those and I know I’m not alone.Another thing to point out it, the game was released in Feb of 2016, so as I’m writing this it’s out for almost 2 years. At no point in that run it was marketed as an “early access” sort of thing. So every argument of “it’s being made” is invalid. It’s done and finished, just still supported. There’s a difference.Lastly, like I pointed out in my original post, I know all previous 18WoS games had made-up truck makers, but had a lot more of them as a result. And I’d rather have 30 detailed and polished trucks made by devs and a mod to swap the logos for original ones (as I had in ALH and PttM) than 4 trucks with license.
𝒞𝒶𝓅𝓉 𝐹𝓊𝓏𝓏𝓎	Recommended	427.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/captfuzzy/	This was an "ok" game when I first got it, with the various mods, it was a good "rainy day" game.You sit in the house and play all day because it's too crappy to go outside.But, since the 1.5 Rescale Beta and now, the v1.5 Rescale Update, this thing has really got interesting.Most mods still work on ATS, like trailer mods, truck mods (some do, some don't), gfx mods.., the only mods that I know for a fact that do not work as of this writing are map mods. Those will probably be back up and running in a couple of weeks.At any rate, the Rescale has made the world bigger, and the time-scale longer, as a result of this, ATS now has a more realistic feel than it did before. Trips take longer, and the day and night cycle feels more "normal".There have been numorous bug-fixes and overall improvements to the world in general. Even the AI seems to be better.SCS has taken a good simulator and made it a great simulator.EDIT: This simulator has undergone several updates since my initial review and it has only gotten better with these changes. New Mexico has been added and Oregon is due to be released soon, though an exact release date has yet to be announced. SCS has also hinted at some other surprises down the pipe, I can't wait to see what they have in store.I said it before and I'll say it again, SCS has taken a good simulator and continues to make it a GREAT simulator.EDIT: Oregon has been released as well as the Special Transport DLC and as an added bonus, SCS also just released the Volvo VNL truck and the Volvo dealerships to purchase it at. There is also talk of more trucks coming such as the Lonestar and possibly the Cascadia, among others, at some point next year.This game is really starting to take shape and every DLC just adds to the enjoyment. We now have logging and steel industries among several others and as the states continue to be released, we should see even more industries, meaning many more types of loads to be hauled.Oh, I almost forgot, we also got ownable trailers, which can be customized to match your company livery, or just match your favorite trucks. Your 'employees' can use the trailers or you can set them to 'private' and keep them to yourself, if you so choose.All in all, this is one game that just keeps getting better with the passage of time, and I for one hope it's around for a nice, long time.
dwayne3406	Recommended	291.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198114250423/	I've followed and played every PC trucking sim game since Hard Truck (1998), and this is by far the best of the best and only continues to get better.
pschlik	Recommended	346.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/pschlik/	Fantastic trucking game. To keep it short, it's like ETS2 but in America, and seeing the postitve responses to ETS2 just shows how good this game formula is. Even if you aren't too interested in simulators this can be fun, it's only $20 as well, basically a must have for everyone out there. Word of warning though, this is a lot younger than ETS2, so it has a lot less content than ETS2 (but still tons of mods) more will come with time.
venomtail	Recommended	35.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/venomtail/	My dad has 35 years of trucking experience. When he watches me park the trailer in difficult spots, he gets really angry at me not being able to park the trailer.  10/10 would troll my dad again.
Evilbart	Recommended	37.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/evil666bart/	Had a bad day, stressed out, gf said "not today" yet again? Turn on the engine and your favourite mixtape, put on your ultimate trucker cap, and go for a relaxing drive along the ocean or through deserted desert. Don't ask why it's so good. It just is.
Dick Rambo	Recommended	3.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/dickrambo/	"I says, "Pig Pen, this here's the Rubber Duck."We just ain't a-gonna pay no toll."So we crashed the gate doing ninety-eightI says "Let them truckers roll, 10-4."
janmarie143	Recommended	225.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198071705167/	Ok, I come from a background of playing Pedal to the Metal and Haulin, respectfully. I've never played ETS or ETS2, so I can't compare this game to those. The following review is on ATS:Fantastic game! I really enjoy it. It's really well done and is superb, even though it only has three states and two trucks. (more on that later).Graphics: 8/10. My computer is pretty good. It can handle FSX fine, but for some reason, it struggles with this game. I had to turn down my settings in game and I have to live with jaggies, or else it becomes an unplayble slideshow. I refuse to upgrade to Windows 10 (currently running W7) just to improve the performance, as the aforementioned FSX may then have issues. However, that being said, the graphics are absolutely beautiful! The landscapes at dawn or dusk are truly a sight to behold! The trucks are extremely well done, both inside and out. Shadows moving across the dash, the interior views of the sleepers, etc. You can tell alot of time and effort were put into designing the trucks! One small thing I really like that wasn't doable in the games I mentioned, is the ability to turn on parking lights only without turning the headlights on. This is a cool feature as just like in real life I can illuminate the dash without the headlights needing to be on as well. Also, the rain effects are impressive! (If you want realism, since it rarely rains in the states included, you can turn this effect off.)  Gameplay: 10/10. Yes, gameplay is nearly perfect! In Pedal to the Metal and Haulin, the trucks all drove like high performance autos, I.e. 0-60 MPH in two seconds, even while pulling a fully loaded trailer. Here, the trucks are slow to get up to speed, and definitley feel heavy going up hills. Gives that bit of realism as I struggle to get up to 55 MPH while AI cars pass me. Only small gripe is the cops are really picky. Go five miles over the limit and you will get ticketed. However, you can turn cops off in settings and fly if you prefer.Fun factor: 10/10. Whether you're a real life trucker, or one who never got the chance to be one but wonders what it'd be like to live life on the road with 18 wheels under you, this game is definitely for you. I find myself spending hours and hours driving around and delivering or dropping off loads. I usually bore of driving sim games after a few days; not so here. Every day after work I come home and start this game, and you can say farewell to me for hours, lol.In summary: As mentioned above, only three states are available thus far. But you know what? I don't care! Each state is extremely well done, and since I live in Vegas, it's where I started my career. I can say it's pretty darn accurate, right down to the sculptures alongside the 95 freeway! Only gripe would be, freeway offramps and onramps do NOT have stop signs; they have traffic signals. But ok..Driving from Vegas to Tucson, for example, feels like a long trip, just like in real life. No, it won't take 6 + hours real time, but it sure feels like it! So, three states are enough for me, so long as each additional state they create is just as well-detailed. The states included are more than enough to keep me busy. My first time driving over the Golden Gate Bridge was simply stunning! I almost wrecked trying to enjoy the scenery, lol.The available upgrades to the trucks (levels) are impressive. Almost like they borrowed features from previous modders. I recommend starting with the Kenworth W900. I was able to upgrade it to include the studio sleeper, an abundance of lights, and a beautiful dashboard after just reaching Level 12. I'm only using the included defaults, but for those interested in other trucks and aren't willing to wait for SCS, there are plenty of mods available on the internet. www.modsats.com has a nice selection. Also, for those who want a full USA map and again don't want to wait, the same site has one called the "coast to coast v 1.8 map" that's getting positive reviews. They also have one that includes Mexico and Canada, so if you wish to go across the borders, there you go.In summary: I really enjoy this game. Almost every day I see something new. As an example, the other day I took a wrong turn and went behind an apartment complex. I actually saw a guy dancing in the back of the building, with a girl sitting there watching him! Little things like this really make the game world feel alive. Even little things like an obvious UPS van (although it's called something different in game) being unloaded by a guy in his brown uniform, pedestrians milling about on street corners, the blowing tumbleweeds across the desert road, etc. All are a huge step up from the previous games I played.Pros: Great graphics, great gameplay, hours of fun, great rewards.Cons: Poor performance on my better than average machine. Hoping that as more states are released, it doesn't kill my machine. Limited trucks to drive and only 3 states, but that can be solved with mods as mentioned earlier.Recommend? Highly!
Purno	Recommended	191.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/markleppen/	It's a casual simulator, with a bit of economic gameplay. Just driving along the roads is pretty relaxing. Main downside is there's only a few trucks in the game, but there's a mod manager where you can easily install trucks made by other people.Pretty similar in gameplay compared to Euro Truck Simulator 2. Better mapping quality, but less content available. Different scenery, but basically the same game.
RustyRuskie	Recommended	270.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198066770107/	Fantastic game, the Devs are awesome, and the community is friendly. Perfect game to just whip out a radio of your choice, and drive the long highways of the southwestern USA. Nothing but good things to say about this gem.
the_real_abradolf	Recommended	19.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/the_real_abradolf/	Having played ETS2 this was the most logical game to buy next.I do love the game, but I have returned to ETS2 due to the simple fact that I love the european setting more...
Gmines	Recommended	177.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Gmines/	American Truck Simulator is one of the best driving simulations out there.  If you like Eurotruck Simulator 2 then your sure to like it's American twin. This installation does have a couple shortcomings such as the limited options as far as available trucks or currently explorable Map.  That being said what it does have carries an amazing level of detail and quality unmatched by anyone other than SCS and their dedication to realism.  As a resident of New Mexico after seeing the New Mexico DLC and touring the map I have to say it is the most detailed scaled map of the US ever created.  After driving around my home town in game I was completely blown away by the scense that I was actually there.  Also in the landmarks I was able to find a church I lived by a s a kid and was completely blown away at the level of detail.  SCS must actually have a team that goes everywhere they are mapping to photograph and get the atmosphere of the area.  I give it a 10/10 after viewing my hometown on the in game map.
Yusufツ ▄︻̷̿┻̿═━	Recommended	6.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/FPS_Yusuf1999/	Bought this game while the steam sales were running and because i loved ETS2 so much (and trucks and AMERICA ofcourse :D), and i have no regrets, this game is just like ETS2 AMAZING, the scenery and gameplay are both just soo damn good, this game really makes you feel like an american truck driver (even tho ur not living in america, and you dont really own a truck :P). I just love this game soo much SCS has done an amazing job, hope they will add more trucks and states to the game, because at this point there aren't that many trucks and states, i must say tho the trucks in this game are soo amazing too, the peterbilt and kenworth trucks makes it feel american. So if you wanna have a fun afternoon, night or just want to play a good simulator game while its rainy outside (or while its even sunny :D) i highly recommend you buy this game :)!.Pros:-Amazing Gameplay.-Amazing Scenery.-Feels Real.-Cool looking gas stations.-Actually has Tumbleweed in the game.-Has ingame radio stations (for amazing truckers music while ur driving down the interstate).-Amazing Trucks.-Made by one of the best dev team!!!.-WHOLE GAME IS JUST AMAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAZING.Missing:-Really needs SNOW in the game ETS2 didn't have it but MURICCA should have it.-AI needs to be pulled over too by cops, because i think some of them are driving while they had a couple of beers.97/17 Would buy it again only for the Tumbleweed.
computermd	Recommended	995.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198075321197/	I have a Full CDL and have Driven Semi over the Road for over 10 years...this was some time ago...as I went into engineering after that...but I know that when your setting at a light waiting to make a right hand turn, the car across from you does not have the right away and thus should set still until I make my turn, not crash into me trying to make the same turn I am. When coming up off a ramp on to a highway, Cars and Trucks alike should move to outside lane giving you room to enter the highway especially if there isn't any other vehicles in the outside lane. Over all, I would say this is a fairly good simulator...it has it's problems especially if your a real truck driver like myself. Such as Speed limits in some towns and areas, you have set to 25mph or 30mph and that just isn't the case...most speed limits are 35 at the least some depending on the area 45 mph. And for California to only be 55 mph for all trucks, I don't agree with that either...Would I recommend this to others, sure, it's still a fun game to enjoy from time to time. And they will learn some of what Truckers really deal with out of the open road...some days it's not as easy of getting behind the wheel and driving...some days you actually have to get up and work hard...One game for the Books, I will give it a B+ only because it's somewhat realistic...just still need to fix a few things..but very Nice Job guys in putting this together...
phreakindee	Recommended	15.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/phreakindee/	https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZKSK8I3DWK4Simultaneously one of my favorite games of 2016, and one of the biggest disappointments. And I’m okay with that, because it’s a lot like being disappointed in a great-tasting meal that was just too small. Small enough (yet so tasty!) that you’re left wanting seconds immediately after finishing, but the kitchen has already closed for the night.First the good: The locations you can explore look amazing, from the sunny beaches of California to the tumbleweed-laden deserts of Nevada, each area feels unique and even beautiful. I’m a big fan of attention to detail in simulations, and I don’t just mean including famous landmarks. I mean the little stuff like run-down shopping centers, signs for divorce court and cheeseburgers, and speed traps laid by highway patrolmen with nothing better to do. As an American, I think they did a great job nailing down the feeling of driving here, down to the idiots who don’t know how to use the fast lane on the highway and the bizarrely high number of self-storage buildings. The weighty, believable physics simulation and driving model are back in action as well, making great use of everything from a keyboard, to a gamepad, to a top of the line force feedback steering wheel setup. Quite simply, it’s everything I expected from SCS Software and their penchant for higher-quality than you might expect compared to similar simulations.So why am I let down? It’s a combination of minimal changes made and a lack of overall content. ATS uses an enhanced version of the engine used in ETS2, although at first glance it’s hard to tell any difference. You’ve got the same menus, the same UI, the same controls, many of the same sound effects, and so on. The biggest change arrives in the form of new locations to explore and new trucks to purchase. And by that I mean two states and two trucks: the states of California and Nevada, and the Kenworth T 680 and Peterbilt 579. That’s it. The cities are far more detailed and interesting than in ETS2 though, and there are licensing issues preventing more trucks at the moment so that makes sense. But still...I find myself hesitating to fully recommend it on launch. I’m still so hungry for more that it’s bothering me, and I would’ve much rather waited a few months for a more complete game. Ignoring that and giving SCS Software time to add more stuff, and I’d absolutely recommend this one. Even if it feels like a preview right now, the taste of things to come is scrumptious, and I can’t wait to dive into more as it arrives!
T.w² | Qwacking Hedgehogs	Recommended	166.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/officialtippo/	After playing 100 hours of this game, I've realized something life changing. My destiny is too become a truck driver.-Peace out homies, I'm moving on.
vektr0	Recommended	294.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/vektr0/	While the game released in early February 2016, I decided to wait to write my review until the rescaled map and a 4th truck were added to the game. Here we are, 9 months later, and I've got some things to say...This game is not for everyone, but for people who enjoy relaxing trips through the open roads of the United States, while hauling cargo from point A to point B. The graphics aren't what you would find in most modern games, but that's not exactly the point. In American Truck Simulator, you are tasked with delivering cargo through California, Nevada, and Arizona (other states to come later), while following the laws of American roadways.It's a simulation game, so while some may find it completely boring and not at all entertaining, others find it calming yet fun. Trucks can be slow or quick, depending on the model, engine, parts, and trailer/cargo. American Truck Simulator (like Euro Truck Simulator 2) supports keyboard/mouse, various controllers (I've tested Xbox 360 and Xbox One, both of which worked), steering wheels (such as the popular Logitech G27), head-tracking devices (such as TrackIR), and even virtual reality headsets (such as the Oculus Rift).No, there's no official multiplayer, but the popular modification TruckersMP allows you to truck around with friends, showing off your different taste in trucks, paint jobs, liveries, and even wheels.PROS:- Great variety of cargo to haul- 3 states (California, Nevada, Arizona) with more to come in future DLC's- Map that has been scaled to ensure long hauls feel long- 4 awesome trucks (Kenworth T680 & W900, Peterbilt 579 & 389)- Great customization options for all trucks- Support for many input devices- Support for third-party modifications- Support for Steam Workshop contentCONS:- No official multiplayer (check out TruckersMP)- Slow productionOVERALL RATING: 8/10
✪floppy#worldoftruck	Recommended	842.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/floppy_serbia/	BEST Simulator ! + Euro Truck SImulator 2 !
Morse	Recommended	14.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Arrgeron/	I'm going to be completely honest. I don't know a lot about trucks, or about trucker life, or about running a trucking business. But American Truck Simulator still appeals to me. Driving along a highway making a delivery while listening to some music, listening to a podcast or watching a twitch stream/youtube video is very satisfying and relaxing, however its debatable if what is available here is worth the price(I'll argue both points of view)You're given 2 states, and 2 types of trucks at launch. Thats all you get. Granted, more will be available down the line, at launch its a very small pick. You're going to see the same landmarks several times just by playing about as much as I have(A little over 6 hours at this point). You're also going to be doing a lot of the same thing, especially if you don't get a loan early on and just do Quick Jobs like I've been doing. However, if the gameplay thats given is satisfactory enough, I could forgive it, which is is in my opinion.However, if you've played a lot of Euro Truck Simulator 2, I would recommend you wait on this. There isn't much of a change at all, its basically a well made expansion pack to ETS 2. If you're looking for more of that gameplay with a new environment, $20 might be a fair enough price, but if you're on the fence, wait. I'm sure it'll be on sale a few months down the line, and I'm sure they'll be more content at that point. But I do think its worth the $20 purchase is worth it if you haven't played Euro Truck Simulator before.The gameplay is nice and relaxing with some light management gameplay tacked on for good measure. Its absolutely worth $20 for me, but I think most people will want to wait. Wait For A Sale  
Thrashaero	Recommended	78.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197967501808/	Definitely a chill game, but perhaps too chill. The sounds and graphics are superb, the physics seem pretty well done and the scenery is fairly authentic. I'm sure if you become a master to the point everything is stupid easy, a CDL, beyond the cost, is not tricky to get to make a career being a transporter raking in the money.  However this is where it might be generating some false hopes.If it's anything I could complain about, is the missed opportunities galore.The weigh stations. The rest stops. The cops. Nothing really happens besides affecting money/time stats. Even when you wreck there's no visible damage which really breaks immersion. The most immersive part is being tired, hearing the yawns and dimming light I end up getting tired in real life. But I don't even get to use the back of my sleeper cab besides look at it from the driver seat. I don't even get to load my stuff onto the trailer and check straps and locks, electric and pneumatic connections, etc. and the danger that ensues when you don't bother. I just wonder why there's a total lack of drama beyond the little sound effects of siren and losing money. Besides the base game shortcomings, here are just a few examples the game should be able to entertain in some kind of expansions  Cop stops and their inspections. A running record of offenses. After making a hard turn the doors on your box trailer fly open and all of the cargo flies out creating chaos at the intersection and otherwise volatile cargo that can explode or dump slick oil or liquid nitrogen etc. getting stuck at RR crossing The skeezy, greasy spoon diners and bars blaring old country The horses-4ss bosses that you have to report to Some overpasses that have low clearance that can smash the top of your trailer offA gang of truckers looking to box you in and run your hind off the road because you didn't give them the proper respect they think they deserve.Answering/making call to significant others to let them know you're still alive and will be back in time for christmas etc.Blow you're offered to smuggle to make next months rent for your baby momma.Choice of buying meth from some dealer to stay up an extra 30 hours but you didn't expect hallucinating the machine elves crawling up all the power poles.A couple dozen deaths from jackknifing on the highway and all of the medical expenses you're going to get sued for.Doped up hooker hitch hiker trying to wave their knife in your eye after you ask them to leave.Some top secret load you're not told about and you end up getting involved as an expendable in some black op missionWhatever else that makes for good bar storyMaybe I'm being ridiculous and stereotypical but surely we should know these types of things would really make the game explode as there is plenty of real life examples happening beyond  where all anyone ever cares about is just going from point a to point b in certain time without certain damage. I would just like to see some missions/story mode ABILITY (for mods/workshop to expand upon, not necessarily made only by the devs) that more closely resemble the trials and tribulations of a humble truck driver trying to make a living in a rough world beyond maneuvering a truck, and otherwise allowing for taking a crack at those high stress scenes in those movies (and news stories) we've all seen involving trucking.I give it a thumbs up because it's definitely not a BAD game, especially on sale price for 5-7$ or whatever it is. But there's a lot more potential to be had. I wouldn't mind picking up some DLC that went more of this direction than simply truck and region options which there's more than plenty of.
MetalheadRocks	Recommended	167.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/metalheadrocks/	American Truck Simulator and Euro Truck Simulator 2 are the best trucking simulators. Even if you're not a fan of that kind of games, be sure to check them out, it's surprisingly addictive to deliver cargos across huge open worlds on fully customisable, highly detailed trucks. Both games are continuously supported by the developer and have many years ahead to grow and expand. Regular patches add new trucks, features, roads, and regular DLC's add new territories and customization items, so there's always a good reason to come back after awhile and explore something new. Both games share many similarities, such as interface, engine, physics, that's because, I believe, they will be somehow merged together one day to become a kind of World Truck Simulator. There's already an online feature called World Of Trucks, that allows players to complete online contracts and share different kinds of media. There were some rumors about Euro Coach Simulator as well, which should add a bus driving mechanics, but it's unclear how or when it's going to happen. Mods are available too. A lot of mods of any kind, that add even more trucks and territories, so you will never be bored of anything.An ultimate trucking experience across huge open world.10/10
flashstep	Recommended	14.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/flashsteppingwild/	Great game to just chill out and cruise the open road, would definetly recommend to anyone who just likes to cruise.
Wilfrid Wong	Recommended	197.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/wilfridwong/	For what it's worth, I have a much better respect to the truckers on the road these days after having experienced how challenging it could be as a truck driver thanks to this simulator. Every time I play American Truck Simulator, I am reminded that life is indeed a journey. Drive to my trailer, get the goods, turn up the in-game radio (~free as a bird~), check my GPS and plan my trip, cross the states through day and night cycle and finally making a delivery at the destination only to find myself wanting to pick up another external contract again. On top of that, I get to manage my own trucking company. Get a new paintjob for my favorite truck every now and then. This game is amazing. Highly recommended.
flashstep	Recommended	14.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/flashsteppingwild/	Great game to just chill out and cruise the open road, would definetly recommend to anyone who just likes to cruise.
Martial.Lore	Recommended	45.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197987123664/	SCS just added Oregon to the map. Still a lot of states to go, but... when the United States lower 48 are complete, this game will be the most ambitious and amazing driving simulation ever made. SCS: making America great again!
eQ. Foolio	Recommended	832.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/uneekfool/	You got the one Snowman, I'm eastbound and down!West bound and down, eighteen wheels are rollin',We're gonna do what they say can't be done.We've got a long way to go and a short time to get there.I'm west bound, just watch ol' "Bandit" run.Keep your foot hard on the pedal. Son, never mind them brakes.Let it all hang out 'cause we got a run to make.The boys are thirsty in Atlanta and there's beer in Texarkana.And we'll bring it back no matter what it takes.East bound and down, loaded up and truckin',We're gonna do what they say can't be done.We've got a long way to go and a short time to get there.I'm east bound, just watch ol' "Bandit" run.Ol' Smokey's got them ears on and he's hot on your trail.He aint gonna rest 'til you're in jail.So you got to dodge 'im and you got to duck 'im,You got to keep that diesel truckin'.Just put that hammer down and give it hell.East bound and down, loaded up and truckin',We're gonna do what they say can't be done.We've got a long way to go and a short time to get there.I'm east bound, just watch ol' "Bandit" run.What we're dealing with here is a complete lack of respect for the law.
Stig	Recommended	29.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/surgifyhd/	Travelling on a rural highwayAI passes in front of meHonks horn at himPhone buzzesLooks down at phoneLooks back at screenAI in front of me stopped at a railroad crossingCrashes into himInstantly gets 100% damage on trailerCries11/10 Teaches gr8 message about not texting and driving
Ornery	Recommended	1,087.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/frontiersmanMO/	I love this game. Almost 700hrs as I write this. Well it isn't perfect, but it's good enough. There have been some hiccups along the way, such as changing the scale, that have slowed new content. Hopefully it will pick up this summer. Heavy Haul is here and adds a lot to the title. New Mexico and double trailers are coming soon. If trucking is your thing, I recommend ATS.
Brandon	Recommended	708.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198272096688/	I bought this game a week after it came out.i knew it would be fun, but not this much fun! I had 18wos Haulin along with 18wos Extreme Trucker,and American Truck Simulator is a HUGE improvement over them.ive played over 400 hours on this game and i love it! it feels like your really driving a truck! If they add Washington,i would go crazy,because i'm From Washington.Accually,i hope they add in the whole united states.Honestly i think this game is amazing! I dont think it could get any more realistic! I hope to drive a truck when i am older,but this game will deffinitly do for now! 10/10
Phoenix	Recommended	74.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/e2wADe3cVnvohR9/	Bought this because it looked mildly interesting and was looking for a different game than I usually play.  Considering Steam's awesome return policy I figured it was worth a chance.  Figured I'd be quickly bored with it.  Had it for 5 days and put 33 hours on record.  Got 3 trucks and 2 other drivers paying off my truck and garage loans.  Looking forward to expanding and hoping they make more states before I complete CA, NV, AZ, NM.  It shouldn't be this fun to play.  I think it's the best game I ever bought on Steam.  Just the right balance of game/reality.  Sweet ultra graphics with my NVidia 1050Ti.  The developers style and attention to detail is amazing, even though Billy the Kid's tombstone is about 250 miles displaced.  Overall Kudos.
XMas SpookyBoi	Recommended	28.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/647dd/	===REVIEW===American Truck Simulator, a awesome realistic game !  Last Edited 14 February 2016   Score Without mods   15/20 With mods   18/20  GOOD :   Good Graphics (in Ultra Settings)  ETS 2 Remastered  Police Cars  'Merica, F*CK YEAH !!!  TUMBLEWEEDS !!!  Mythic Cities : Las Vegas, San Francisco...  Mythic and Real AI Cars   MODS !BAD :   Only Two Trucks (with different models)  Too Small Map (Only California and Nevada)  Oh my God, 1000$ for a Speeding of 10 miles ?!!  TOO SMALL MAP !!!  Good graphics, but... ALIASING. Argh.  STUPID AIIn conclusion, this game is good, but not excellent : the lack of contents decrease the quality of this game. However, ATS could be very good if the developpers complete the map, and add more cool trucks.IF YOU'RE NOT A FAN OF TRUCKS, DON'T BUY THIS GAME YET, WAIT SOME UPDATESI recommend to play this game in Ultra Settings,  The EAGLE Radio turned on, and having a G27 Racing Wheel (by Logitech).===RECOMMENDED WEBSITES===   ATS Website CLICK HERE[www.americantrucksimulator.com]   ATSMODS CLICK HERE[atsmods.lt]   MODSATS CLICK HERE[www.modsats.com]   BESTATSMODS CLICK HERE[www.bestatsmods.com]   Config Test CLICK HERE[www.game-debate.com] ===My PC Configuration===IN GAME:  FPS 45 ~ 60   Graphics Settings Maximum  SPECS :  CPU Intel Core I5 4440 3.10 GHz   GPU NVidia GigaByte 750TI Windforce 2X OC 2Go   RAM Corsair Vengeance 16Go   Screen 1920x1080   Wheel G27 Racing Wheel by Logitech Thanks for have read my review ! 
sir_lancealittle	Recommended	128.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197967928504/	Overall: 3 / 5 points.Most severe downgrades: (1) overpriced, (2) not enough area coverage.American Truck Simulator is a nice game, no doubt.It scores over the European Truck Simulator series in many ways -- so if you enjoy ETS, then ATS is definitely worth looking at.In detail:PROs: Beautifully designed scenery that just "feels right": Villages, towns and cities blend seamlessly into the terrain. Famous landmarks look like "the real thing", and most of them can be driven through. Road style variety ranges from your monstrous 8-lane Interstate all the way to small rural roads that nobody in their right mind would drive an 18-wheeler on. But ofc you're going to try! Scenery object variety is beyond enjoyable. Dirty trailer parks, camping sites, famous oldtimer cars on the roads - it's all here. The road grid is very consistent and the roadside signs are correct. (You'd think that goes without saying, but anyone who plays ETS too will know all about improperly signed highway exits!) Numerous "easter eggs", some of which only a keen explorer will find. The trucks are just beautiful, both in terms of sounds and visuals. Indicators and guages are nicely visible from the driver seat (ofc that varies a bit depending on which design you pick). The User Interface is very intuitive. The game doesn't come with much of a manual (8 pages), but for the basic gameplay it doesn't really need one. Smooth performance even on a mid-grade PC. No stuttering, and FPS drop near dense scenery is hardly noticeable. AI Traffic works nicely overall, much better than in ETS. Nicely customizeable controls. The "steering sensitivity" and "nonlinear steering" sliders are a huge help for anyone using keyboard only.CONs: Only 3 states (NV,AZ,CA) are covered in the base product. It took me only 15 hours of playtime to discover 50% of the road grid and unlock 60% of the achievements. Overpriced. Just that. If you happen to buy it from a 50% off sale, that price seems about right. But for 20€ I'd expect more area coverage, fewer glitches, more unique playtime. No multiplayer in the vanilla product. Seriously?! Not even a lousy ranking / score board? Law enforcement could be more interactive. Actually being chased down by a police patrol and being pulled over would seem more fun than the simple "speed violation" message. AI traffic could be more responsive to player actions. For example, a player driving recklessly could get reckless AI drivers in return, etc. There is no incentive to driving safely or carefully. Many minor glitches and shortcomings: Numerous designated parking areas fail to trigger the "sleep" dialog. Rather annoying, here I parked my vehicle perfectly for a change, only to find out the parking spot that will trigger the "take-a-nap" dialog is one slot to the right. :\ In some locations, the enforced speed limit does not match the limit on the roadside signs. (e.g. road sign says 75 mph, but route advisor says 35 mph). Law enforcement fines are indifferent to the severity of the act. It doesn't make a difference if you go 6 mph too fast or 60 mph, the fine is the same. Really? 1,000$ fine for going 6 mph too fast? Economy / company aspects of the game are very rudimentary and too easy: Truck fuel consumption hardly makes a difference for job/company success, and most repair costs are covered by the insurance. There is no incentive to being efficient or economical (which also renders the entire "eco-driving" skill set particularly useless). Cargo mass has no impact on revenue. 10,000 lbs or 100,000 lbs of the same cargo type -- the payment seems to be the same. Owning / upgrading a garage is only useful for players who intend to hire AI drivers. Cannot even do basic truck maintenance there, what a pity. Only incentive to upgrade a garage is the fuel pump which sells fuel at a slightly cheaper price. The latter is definitely not worth the upgrade price though, seeing that fuel consumption is irrelevant to company success. Some key states of the truck are not stored in savegames: Engine status (Seriously guys, I load a game and here I am on an 8-lane highway with my engine OFF??) Transmission status and setting (Always in NEUTRAL after loading a savegame) Cruise control setting Weigh Station Bypass tagSo bottom line, you are looking at about 20-30 hours of unique gameplay for 20 €, with some minor design flaws.Personally, I've seen much better for that price. 
l o w z	Recommended	653.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/NilsLowzy/	So far, among all simulation games ihave played and tried out, no game has been able to beat ATS. Best ever! Mind you, Iam a simulation gaming freak, so you should know what I mean. : )
sir_lancealittle	Recommended	128.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197967928504/	Overall: 3 / 5 points.Most severe downgrades: (1) overpriced, (2) not enough area coverage.American Truck Simulator is a nice game, no doubt.It scores over the European Truck Simulator series in many ways -- so if you enjoy ETS, then ATS is definitely worth looking at.In detail:PROs: Beautifully designed scenery that just "feels right": Villages, towns and cities blend seamlessly into the terrain. Famous landmarks look like "the real thing", and most of them can be driven through. Road style variety ranges from your monstrous 8-lane Interstate all the way to small rural roads that nobody in their right mind would drive an 18-wheeler on. But ofc you're going to try! Scenery object variety is beyond enjoyable. Dirty trailer parks, camping sites, famous oldtimer cars on the roads - it's all here. The road grid is very consistent and the roadside signs are correct. (You'd think that goes without saying, but anyone who plays ETS too will know all about improperly signed highway exits!) Numerous "easter eggs", some of which only a keen explorer will find. The trucks are just beautiful, both in terms of sounds and visuals. Indicators and guages are nicely visible from the driver seat (ofc that varies a bit depending on which design you pick). The User Interface is very intuitive. The game doesn't come with much of a manual (8 pages), but for the basic gameplay it doesn't really need one. Smooth performance even on a mid-grade PC. No stuttering, and FPS drop near dense scenery is hardly noticeable. AI Traffic works nicely overall, much better than in ETS. Nicely customizeable controls. The "steering sensitivity" and "nonlinear steering" sliders are a huge help for anyone using keyboard only.CONs: Only 3 states (NV,AZ,CA) are covered in the base product. It took me only 15 hours of playtime to discover 50% of the road grid and unlock 60% of the achievements. Overpriced. Just that. If you happen to buy it from a 50% off sale, that price seems about right. But for 20€ I'd expect more area coverage, fewer glitches, more unique playtime. No multiplayer in the vanilla product. Seriously?! Not even a lousy ranking / score board? Law enforcement could be more interactive. Actually being chased down by a police patrol and being pulled over would seem more fun than the simple "speed violation" message. AI traffic could be more responsive to player actions. For example, a player driving recklessly could get reckless AI drivers in return, etc. There is no incentive to driving safely or carefully. Many minor glitches and shortcomings: Numerous designated parking areas fail to trigger the "sleep" dialog. Rather annoying, here I parked my vehicle perfectly for a change, only to find out the parking spot that will trigger the "take-a-nap" dialog is one slot to the right. :\ In some locations, the enforced speed limit does not match the limit on the roadside signs. (e.g. road sign says 75 mph, but route advisor says 35 mph). Law enforcement fines are indifferent to the severity of the act. It doesn't make a difference if you go 6 mph too fast or 60 mph, the fine is the same. Really? 1,000$ fine for going 6 mph too fast? Economy / company aspects of the game are very rudimentary and too easy: Truck fuel consumption hardly makes a difference for job/company success, and most repair costs are covered by the insurance. There is no incentive to being efficient or economical (which also renders the entire "eco-driving" skill set particularly useless). Cargo mass has no impact on revenue. 10,000 lbs or 100,000 lbs of the same cargo type -- the payment seems to be the same. Owning / upgrading a garage is only useful for players who intend to hire AI drivers. Cannot even do basic truck maintenance there, what a pity. Only incentive to upgrade a garage is the fuel pump which sells fuel at a slightly cheaper price. The latter is definitely not worth the upgrade price though, seeing that fuel consumption is irrelevant to company success. Some key states of the truck are not stored in savegames: Engine status (Seriously guys, I load a game and here I am on an 8-lane highway with my engine OFF??) Transmission status and setting (Always in NEUTRAL after loading a savegame) Cruise control setting Weigh Station Bypass tagSo bottom line, you are looking at about 20-30 hours of unique gameplay for 20 €, with some minor design flaws.Personally, I've seen much better for that price. 
Meincrab	Recommended	3.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/meincrab/	Simple game, simple graphics, simple gameplay. It's really hard to describe why playing it feels so good. Sometimes you just don't want to rush, and need some meditative gameplay, so this game can fullfill your desire.
Alternate 1985 Biff Tannen	Not Recommended	21.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Alternate1985BiffTannen/	At the core, ATS is a relaxing, fun experience. If you just want to get into a truck and drive, this is a perfect "simulator/game" for you.However, even in what would seem to be massive success with the Truck Simulator franchise, SCS seems to be coming up extremely short on the innovation and progression of the game.The biggest issue is content. The base game simply does not have enough. First off, trucks. SCS seems to have only been able to secure a license with a single American truck manufacturer. That means, the only trucks in the game are made by Paccar. Kenworth, and Peterbilt. The saddest part is since these are both Paccar trucks, they are very similar with differences mostly being cosmetic. When it comes down to it, there are 4 trucks in the game. SCS said that more trucks were coming way back, but have been completely silent for quite a while about the trucks. I seriously doubt that any more are coming.Now, area. I understand the challenges of modeling maps and areas, but the TS series isn't exactly a revolution in map detail, given that they're only mapping linear corridors, really. The lack of area mapped so far is... disappointing. Instead of exceeding expectations, SCS has actually come up very short. Again, putting everything new behind DLC is one thing, but new areas aren't even available as DLC! Next to the core mechanics of the simulator. Let's face it, this is essentially a reskin of ETS2. If you're happy with the "business side" of running a trucking company to basically hiring drivers, leveling them up, and having enough garage spots and trucks for them compelling, then this will be satisfying. Because that's really all this game is beyond you driving your own truck. You can't own and manage your own trailers, you don't build contracts with certain shippers. There's so, so, so much more that can be done on the "company management" side of the game.Finally, to the business of "simulating trucking". There's some very basic aspects modeled beside driving the truck itself. Yes, the game calls it "truck simulator". Not "trucking simulator", and that's a good reason. Most of the aspects like weigh stations, fueling, sleeping, aren't really modeled in detail. It seems logical to model the dynamic of having a sleeper cab or not determine where you could rest. That's simply not here. So, this game is a good experience for just relaxing and putting some miles in. It's just not very deep and SCS seems OK with that. There's probably opportunity here for someone else to come in and make something better, since there's clearly a market and SCS seems willing to rest on their laurels and slowly crank out DLCs to keep their business running rather than innovating and putting in new features.I'm gonna mark this as don't recommend simply because the game has some negatives and they need to be seen so expectations are properly set. As I said before, this game is great to pick up and relax and drive a bit, but don't expect much beyond the driving itself.
Power Skunk	Recommended	3.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/PowerSkunk/	This is probably the most Zen video game I've ever played. Once you get the hang of handling one of these giant trucks, it's surprisingly soothing to put on your favorite Spotify playlist, podcast,  or something you can just have playing in the background, and then just hit the highways, running freight from LA to Vegas, Flagstaff, and now, Albuquerque, and all manner of back and forth and up and down the American Southwest. Just don't let the gorgeous scenery distract you from the speed limit signs. Them bears are on the prowl.
Mr. Fluffy	Recommended	623.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198256430462/	this sim has to be the best sim i've played. I like the open roads and that i can sit and relax without being first or being blown up. its a good sim for a fun time.
Rocket455Man [FIN]	Recommended	280.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197997605648/	Hi!This is a very good simulator.But I'm looking forward to more trucks and the states.
Shakar	Recommended	65.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/PonchoTowersTequilaPowers/	American Truck Simulator is a modern 18 Wheels of Steel.I played 18 Wheels of Steel Haulin for a very long time and I also tried the ETS 2, but I dont like the tiny european trucks.Features:- California, Arizona and Nevada, the legendary wild west is included- 4 Truck models by 2 manufacturers (+4 more at the Steam Workshop as mods + a ton more at modding sites)- Living world, in ATS are people at the loading sites, ETS 2 was real empty.- Realistic traffic and american traffic rulesRating:Graphic: 8/10Sound: 10/10Gameplay 10/10
SlayerBill	Recommended	18.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/slayerbill/	Twas' the dark of the moon on the sixth of June in a Kenworth pullin' logs. Cab-over Pete with a reefer on and a Jimmy haulin' hogs. We is headin' for bear on I-one-oh 'bout a mile outta Shaky Town so I says, "Pig Pen, this here's the Rubber Duck and I'm about to put the hammer down."
The Middle Aged Gamer	Recommended	188.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TheMiddleAgedGamer/	I have streamed, made videos and played a lot of simulator games through my years. SCS Software is still #1 on my list of developers who keeps up with their games and American Truck Simulator is no exception. This has to be one of the most addicting games I have ever played along with ETS2. The only complaints a lot of people seem to have is there are not enough states out. I will say this may be somewhat true but there are plenty of hours and roads in the core game currently especially after the map scale was changed. Don't believe me? Drive from the top of California to the bottom right of the New Mexico DLC that was just released. See how long it takes you and see how much you have explored? EXACTLY :-)Happy Trucking and please add me on Twitch/Youtube!
roadhogg317	Recommended	561.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198039742785/	love the game. just wish you could own and customize trailers like you can the trucks
Building963 ✝	Recommended	138.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Building963/	Some people have said "If you don't feel relaxed when playing this game, you're playing it wrong.". They're right.This is a wonderful game for those who enjoy driving. You have beautiful scenery, detailed trucks, and an overall sense of "ahh.." in this game.For the hardware and graphics part of this game, this is the only game where no matter what I do, I consistently have good FPS. I don't run many mods, and I know that's a good part of the reason, but I have my graphics lower and that obviously really helps. One thing that I was surprised with, is it's similar to Arma 3 in the aspect that if you turn your graphics down, the scenery and detail doesn't go down. What I mean, is when you're driving by the Grand Canyon in Arizona, it's still stunning.I have nothing bad to say about this game. It's brought a lot of joy, contentment, and stress relief for me. Driving from the desert in Southern Nevada, to the canyons in Northern Arizona, and to the forestry in Northern California, there isn't a spot that isn't worth seeing. With that, I'll see you on the road.Thanks for reading, I hope this has given you a small view of this game, and I hope you consider buying this. It's well worth it. I hope you have a good day.
Reginald	Recommended	136.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198147638067/	Excellent game in development. Only thing I want is more trucks besides Peterbilt and Kenworth.
systemlord1701	Recommended	537.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198014185220/	Love this game, it is infinitely relaxing but also engaging and addictive. My eyesight is so bad I'm not allowed to drive for real so I'm a big player of racing games in order to live out my dreams of being a pro driver. American Truck Simulator is my first driving game that isn't a racing one and I gotta say, why didn't I get into the truck series before? This game is fantastic, I love the relaxation of the long hauls down the highway, hands on the wheel (game is truly superb with a wheel, I use a G25), cruise control engaged and the classic rock station (the game provides over 20 real world online radio stations) blaring through the stereo. I love navigating back roads at night with the high beam on making sure I get my angles on the tight bends just right so my trailer doesn't snag on a rock or bush. I love the life given to the roads and the towns (though they are awfully small!) with trucks pulled over by the cops and cars with bonnets up smoking to the roadworks which cause sudden congestion on the otherwise smooth moving traffic. The upgrade and modifcation system that can be used to improve your own rig seems intuative and fairly comphrehensive though some more explanatory tooltips when choosing components could be useful. The business management is perhaps the weakest part of the game with all decisions taking place merely through a series of information screens. However these are small details that in no way stop me from loving this game!The new content in Oregon and the Special transport come relativly cheap and add an immense amount of new content.More states please, would be the ultimate thing to be able to drive from New York to San Francisco in the one game. Even so at this stage with 4 available states the game still feels huge.10/10
Death Stranding	Recommended	79.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198187086383/	Bought this on impulse after watching a Youtube video of it.  8/10 easily.Pros:Works fine with a PS4 or XBox controller (I remapped a few things for simplicity's sake)Relaxing & FunDecent graphicsMassive & easy-to-install mod supportMost major cities in California & Nevada are representedBacking a truck into a dock...something insanely addicting about itThe detail of the trucks and various trailers/haulers is impressiveCons:Map is scaled down considerably more than necessary  - After 30 hours, I've driven every street, road, & highway  - Vegas is represented as about six city blocks...certainly not remotely realistic.Generic companies & signage (though mods fix this)Very easy to make money...pretty much no difficultyTraffic lights & speed zones are brutal (go from 80 mph to a 30mph zone instantly...boom speeding ticket)AI traffic is potato  - Vegas is a ghost town.  8 lanes of highway, maybe two cars on it ever  - AI gets out of your way...you can bully your way through on/off ramps with near-impunityOnly two states  - A third state, Arizona, is supposed to be coming out in the next few weeks or so  - Not sure if they're going to charge for DLC of other 45 CONUS states, Canada, or MexicoFor $20, this is a pretty fun game in a completely different way than I'm used to enjoying games.  Highly HIGHLY recommend you use the Steam Workshop to download a few cosmetic mods and radio station list.  Jamming to '80s music while delivering a backhoe to a job site is great.
Reanimate	Recommended	8.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/reanimateee/	American Truck Simulator is a game that I surprisingly like. I never played any truck simulator game like Euro Truck Simulator 2 before, so I wasn't sure what to expect. I always heard these games are relaxing and such, and they are. I found the best way to play this game is if you have two or more monitors and have a Twitch stream playing on the other screen. That's what I do when I play, and it works surprisingly well, so I only play this game when there's a good stream playing. You could always play by yourself and still have some fun if you like quiet and calm games.PositivesCalm and Relaxing Gameplay. It's a truck simulator, so there isn't much to it. You get in a truck, and drive from point A to point B while managing your gas, fatigue, and damage to your truck. That's pretty much it. It's a simple concept that works well enough to give me some enjoyment.Neat features. There's internet radio support for this game, so you can play real radio stations in your truck as you drive on the interstate. I found this pretty neat. There's everything from Metal, Hip Hop, Rock, to Pop radio stations.Large map. The map covers California, Nevada, and Arizona. While they don't include every single road, they include quite a bit of road. The map is so large, that it can take you about an hour in real life time to complete one of the longer deliveries.Great developers. To add on to the large map, the developers continue to develop and build maps for other states, and release those states for free! They also include an optional online account for things like cloud saves. The game also includes Steam Workshop support for things like custom trucks, in-game tweaks, and custom textures, and also allow mods from third-party sources like websites. They also include DLC packs that are a one-time buy for ATS and ETS 2. I bought the Custom Wheels pack and I also got it for ETS 2, which is awesome! I think this is due to the optional online account, but I'm not sure.Demo is great. It gives you plenty of time to try the game, and when you decide to buy the game, it'll download everything that the demo didn't download, and will keep your progress you made in the demo. All demos should be done like this!MixedDecent graphics. They won't blow you away, but they aren't ugly. For example, they aren't as good as Witcher 3, but aren't as bad as Ride to Hell: Retribution. They're in a middle area, and they are very acceptable graphics. However, the anti-aliasing isn't the best. No matter what setting I set it to, there's still tons of blockiness in the edges everywhere. The only way to counter this effectively is using a higher render resolution, like 200%. There's also some pop-in even on the highest settings, which isn't super obvious, but you will notice it sometimes.A bit repetitive. This is under Mixed because it's a trucking simulator, so there's not much innovation you can do without the game becoming less of a trucking simulator. If you don't want to drive a truck down a highway over and over, then you might not enjoy this game, but it's called American Truck Simulator, so you should be going into this game expecting to do that exact thing over and over again.NegativesMediocre optimization. Although I can run the game at 1080p High-Ultra with 200% render resolution, I only get about 50-60 FPS on the highway, and 30-45 FPS in the dense cities. As I mentioned earlier, the game has pretty average graphics, so seeing this kind of performance is lousy. I did some research and found that it could be my GPU, as the game doesn't run the best on AMD GPUs, and I have a RX 480, so that could be the problem. Still, seeing as my RX 480 can run games like The Witcher 3 and GTA V at Very High-Ultra settings and get a consistant 50-60 FPS, this kind of performance is disappointing to see. No, you won't be sitting at 30-40 FPS all the time, but in cities or towns, your FPS will tank, so it seems the cities and towns need some optimization.SummaryAmerican Truck Simulator isn't a bad game. I quite enjoy it sometimes, and I think it's worth a purchase if you're interested in these kinds of simulator games. If you're a fan of Euro Truck Simulator 2, you'll definitely enjoy this game as it's basically the same thing but in the USA.
Keralis	Recommended	32.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198027323485/	This video says it all! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ibe6ZNwkxYI loved Euro Truck Simulator 2 and now seeing the level of detail on the map in American Truck Simulator is just adding icing to the cake! Well done, keep on trucking!  
TheGreatSimulator	Recommended	1,102.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/joesmotegaming/	UPDATED REVIEW  MARCH 11, 2017Here's my review of American Truck Simulator. After 200 hours of game time play in the last 6 weeks since the first time I purchased it I am more excited than I was on day one. Why because of all the modifications out there especially when it comes to different trucks to drive. Check ou my profile I customized a new Peterbilt 389 rig, added Chrome LED Lights, Peterbilt illuminated LOGO, Bullhorns, Grill Bar, and a two spoke steering wheel and it only costed me about $65K (one of the cheaper modded trucks). Drives more smoothly, and the sound is AAHHHmazing!!!Do I recommend the game?  Yes I do recommend buying this game at the price point of $20. Its no longer on sale for $10 but the sale comes and goes with the times. You will be buying it just in time for the update to ATS version 1.6 (currently in Public Alpha Beta testing.)Thats where a couple of concerns come into play at. One being that when you first start playing you have plenty to do to occupy your time. However if you are a hardcore player such as myself that easily plays 4-6 hours a day driving up to 1,500 miles a day (78,000 XP, 48,000 miles approx. total) then you'll run out of things to do and will find yourself driving the same route over and over. At this point I have 75% of the roads covered in the game.My second concern, and you should take notice to this as well is the modifications. Modifications are good, especially if you are trying to add an element or realism and spontaneous situations to the game. You can do almost every thing under the sun with the right mod. HOWEVER, with most mods being compatible to the current version of ATS 1.5.3 , once ATS 1.6 rolls out almost ALL OF YOUR MODS will cancel out and youll have to refresh and download NEW. That kind of bums me because I have the right mods for my game including my new Peterbilt 389 which im certain to lose (BUMMER)However, if you want variety of places to go to and want to stay occupied look into Euro Truck Simulator for 19.99. You'll have plenty to do. If you still want to drive in America then get this game and go to the various different mod websites such as atsmods, modland (my favorite), sharemods etc where you can find different variety of maps, trucks, sound mods, whatever you can think of. Also same mods can be found directly in the Steam Workshop.(HOWEVER THIS GAME IS VERY CLOSE TO BEING UPDATED SO MOD CAREFULLY)The upsides to this game is just that. There are so many options out there to customize the gameplay to the way you see fit. Remember it's only 3 states you have to drive in so customize it based on that if you want to continue to play this game days and weeks and even months down the line just be prepared to wipe your mod list clean if you choose to mod before the update.
bombstheadventurer	Recommended	14.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197999388151/	This game doesn't have guns, dragons or giant anime boobies and I actually enjoy playing it.
Mar	Recommended	28.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Mar19m7/	I found ATS very relaxing and peaceful since you can play it casually. I really like driving games and ATS is one I Totally recommend!
seedies divi	Recommended	46.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198073572332/	Now that various updates have come out, Arizona state has been added, and the game is on freaking SALE! I finally decided to write a little review, and if you're searching for a quick asnwer: yes, definitely buy it. It's worth much more than the price that the game has.So first of all:Let's compare ETS2 to ATS, when ATS just came out people were happy and pleased that the game was worth the waiting, but most of the players (me included) were a little bit disappointed that the map was pretty small, but now beautiful Arizona came out and the map is bigger, so the small map, well, isn't really a big problem anymore.So, ETS2's map is still much, much bigger than ATS's map, but it's also less detailed. For me, i prefer ATS's map over ETS2's, because it is much more beautiful and detailed. So ATS wins.GameplayA lot of people say that the gameplay is pretty much the same in these two games, however, i disagree. In my opinion ATS's gameplay is more fun and interesting, it takes much more skill to drive a big a*s american eagle, than to drive a flat-faced european truck, also it's much more fun to drive american trucks, the loud noise won't make you fall asleep lol.Operating the truck in ATS is also a bit different, the gearbox types are a bit differnet than in ETS2. So ATS wins again.Pros & Cons+Beautiful map+Beautiful trucks+Better optimization+Much more detailed map+More realistic and fun gameplay-Even after the Arizona update, the map is still much smaller than ETS2's-Multiplayer is less fun in ATS than in ETS2 (probably because there are less players in ATSMP)-Even after the updates, police and traffic offense is still extremely agressive-Only 3 trucksConclusionIf you have played ETS2 and like trucking games, then definitely buy this game, ESPECIALLY WHEN IT'S ON SALE BROSCS also delivers monthly updates so there is always something new added to the game which makes it interesting even if you have played it for hundreds of hours.My rating:9/10
Wilodonny	Recommended	59.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/wilodonny/	Comparing this to ETS2 when that was released and its alot easier to see how far of an improvement this game is from the in game ai to the parking locations.I see alot of people complaining this game is poor with no content etc yet the same people was demanding the game be released ........you cannot have the best of both worlds .now considering this game is only the beginning of long term investment £14.99 for 2 trucks and 3 states after the Arizona dlc is added isn't bad at all and considering it takes around 10 +hours to earn enough for the 1st truck if you don't take a loan there is alot of game time and return on investment.I look forward to the road ahead because look at ETS2 and where that is today with multiple dlcs and continued developer and mod support shows where this game is heading and that is an exciting prospect the future looks great for this game and i cannot wait and once steam workshop is added as pavel said then you will have unlimited potential from a £15 game.In short this game provides more than some AAA titles do at launch its isn't broken and it is going to be well supported moving forward with developers who care about the gamers enough to even get steam to release a day early.
TrollTown	Recommended	307.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TrollTown/	Being someone who thoroughly enjoyed ETS2, this game was equally if not more enjoyable.Pros: - Trucking now requires more skill (trucks harder to maneuver).- Good graphical detail (Requires decent GPU)Cons:- There are now active police cars on the road. No more 175km/h on the highway where there are no speed cameras ;(- If you enjoyed the scenery in ETS2 (particularly Scandinavia), then you may find the scenery in ATS underwhelming.- This is by no means a complete game with only 3 of the US states having been implemented. However this does not mean this is not an enjoyable game. - There were initially a few issues with this game but I have found that most of these have been ironed out through updates. - Not really a con but once again you will find yourself in situations with a truck (with a significantly longer wheelbase compared to ETS2) and an extremely long trailer, in which you will find it very difficult to clear traffic, obstacles etc.Overall a great game and definitely recommended to those who liked Eurotruck Simulator 1 & 2. And to those of you who prehaps didn't find ETS2 & ETS2 as fun as you would have liked, American Truck Simulator may very well change your opinion of SCS truck simulators. I am really looking forward to the release of more truck companies and of course wider map coverage to include more than the 3 US states that are currently in game. I know this game is still in the early stages of map development and I haven't looked into the developer's intentions but I would love to see this map to expand out to include not only all the states of the USA but surrounding countries such as Canada (maybe including Alaska), Mexico and so on (maybe as DLC as that would be quite an effort).
SgT_Meowmers	Recommended	30.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SgT_Meowmers/	Some people ask me about my another review of ETS2, the music that should be heard while enjoying this game, Well, I'm not too expert but here I put the best bands/singers that you should never miss so you can create your own playlist.-The Road Hammers-Junior Brown - Alan Jackson- Dave Dudley- Red Simpson- Johnny Cash- Paul Brandt-Del Reevs- Rhett Akins- Tim McGraw-John Denver-Kenny Rogers- Red Sovine Maybe I forget some, but they're my favorites. And the game...It´s a badass game 10/10 thanks for read
★ KREΛTØR ™	Recommended	12.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/aupodartho/	I've been playing ETS2 from a long time. I was excited for ATS since then because of the beautiful American roads. But I couldn't buy earlier beacuse you know it isn't that cheap. But the latest updates impressed me so much that I couldn't resist myself from buying. Now I realize it's worth every single penny. If you're an ETS2 lover, You should must try ATS.
ᴡʜᴇᴀᴢᴢʏ	Recommended	33.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/wheazzy/	It's basically a standalone ETS2 on a different continent. Feels, looks and plays the same. Even the interface is identical. Only problem is the starting content. 2 trucks, 2 states, which are obviously extremely scaled down. However, then you look at the price - 20 euros - and it's alright. 8/10https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1477336056 
Vic Meng	Recommended	23.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/vicmeng/	Best radio broadcasting software ever.
odminstar	Recommended	52.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/odminstar/	Introduction:Want to get some relax? Tired of Euro Truck Simulator 2? It is NOT the game you are looking for!Being a real fan of Euro Truck Simulator I can't write anything but compare these 2 games and hope it will help you to make a decision before buying the game.Good: new landscapes of America!; extremely long distances; ultra long trucks and trailers; a variety of cargo still exists; trucks customization (but lack of content); we are still in open world; portal http://www.worldoftrucks.com/ is an actual feature; the game is updated but not so often as I expected to be; game events with real chance to win some prize; stability (it doesn't crash :-)Bad: same graphics as in ETS2 (the release date is 2 Feb/2016 but it doesn't change anything there is still no DX10-12 support) Hey guys, it is 21st century outside!; there are only 4 truck you can drive (Peterbilt 389, Peterbilt 579, Kenworth T680 and Kenworth W900); no exhaust (yes mate, they still didn't add it though we drive Real trucks in America); same physics (you will never see anything is visually broken); no multiplayer (they didn't think about it); no trails from wheels (still doesn't exist); no Radars but a lot of annoying police cars spawning from nowhere; particle system isn't released anyhow :-( Just wondering why? I don't know if it is true but weird to see Ambulance cars cruising from one town to another (May be I'm wrong);In total: 7 / 10A shortlist of things to be added by devs but they will never do: Update the game to a new engine supporting  etc... (C'mon guys, Windows 10 etc...) Seasons; A noise of drops when it rains; Add trails from wheels from extreme braking cases and sounds for it; Randomly spawned cargoes ( I mean if some truck is seriously broken and another trucker has to deliver cargo, so let us pick up random orders while cruising without any goal); Illegal orders with high price and a chance to be caught by police; An exhaust (Yes, I'd like to see those dark clouds when I push pedal to the metal); Add NPCs' reaction to players actions like blinking with lights etc... Let us see our company drivers on the roads and cars we bought for them with cargo they're delivering; It would be really cool if we could earn something after delivering World of Trucks orders (steam wallet or some points we could spend on buying DLCs for ATS)P.S.: Some people may wonder: Why does this guy commend the game to be bought? The answer is simple: I keep hope the things will be changed and there will be more content and they will add a lot of great things in the game. At least some when... in the nearest future... Or they'll finish adding all states of America before aliens will conquer our planet
AllOuT	Recommended	21.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/AllOuTTZ/	Just like Euro truck simulator, but in America, JUST KIDDING PHAAA, its unique, more detailed and overall nicer looking than Euro sim, has all the landmarks you'd expect to see while on a highway, but enough comparing.American truck simulator isnt huge, its just three states for now, but still amazes me how it creates an illusion of a big desert  area, makes you think what'd be if it would have all states. So far its only a desert, with the upcoming new mexico update there will be 4 states: California, Arizona, Nevada, New mexico. EXPECT TEXAS, ITS BIGGER THAN FRANCE. Hopefully will be expanded without taxing states as DLC. Cant give a 10 since this isnt the whole of America in this, but if this would have all states, even with mods, its would be a 10.9/10 Great. 
tHe.iR1sH [BBB]	Recommended	397.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/seancolin/	Really fun game.  I have played over 300 hours and enjoyed it quite a bit.  I've even dozed off while driving...not recommended. hahaGraphics are great.  Living in San Diego, CA, the landscape and buildings feel familiar enough that you could almost place yourself, at times.I come back to this game almost monthly for a few days.  I've yet to place the Arizona DLC, but I am excited!It's impossible to regret purchasing this game, unless you're looking for some form of demolition derby.  This game rewards you if you apply even a modicum of patience and safe driving.My favorite feature of this game is the ability to hire staff and purchase extra trucks.  It's a minigame that increases your profitability. --a real treat. :)Do it nao!
𝓲𝓬𝒆𝓶𝓪𝓷 𝟳	Recommended	2,363.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198040441754/	ATS is just amazing!
James Cole	Recommended	52.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Irule2106/	Best american trucking simulator out there love the game, great mod support as well, well support with low end pc's couldn't ask for a better game. Keep up the amazing work. :)
Intercooler	Recommended	308.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198160089204/	Thanks SCS-Team for this wonderful Game!
Breakske	Recommended	357.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/breakske/	SCS keeps on building @ this fantastic game.This way it keeps alive.Many beautiful environments and views, regulary updates, even of the AI traffic cars and Trucks.There are also very nice map expantions, even also modding maps and trucks etc..SCS even alows us, to skin our Trucks and trailers! (in single player mode)Great simulator with many, many settings for those who like it!
non+u	Recommended	17.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/nonplusu/	Zen of ZenWould cancel yoga again.
Porcuspine	Recommended	0.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198050611255/	AI is terrible and doesn't know how to drive. Just like real drivers.
BackerParker	Recommended	928.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/BackerParker/	American Truck Simulator The Brother of Euro Truck Simulator 2, No Doubt Some of the Best American Trucks Game I've Played in my Life
FourBitty	Recommended	116.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/fourbitty/	I have to say that I am quite impressed with this game, having played almost every truck sim in the 18 WoS days as well as ETS2. I remember many years ago, stumbling acorss americantrucksimulator.com to find that the domain was being held for future use, I had high hopes for the game when it was finally released, and SCS didn't disappoint.Initially, my biggest concern was that the environment and feel was going to be too much like what Europe thinks of North America rather than what it's really like over here, and while it's difficult to explain, those elements do exist, but fortunately not to the degree I had initially thought. Screenshots of the game in the past year kind of made me worry about this, but the initial release isn't so bad.My favourite thing is that they've solved pretty much every issue I had in terms of driving physics - problems that were present in past games and even ETS2. With the transmission setting set to advanced, the game allows for clutchless shifting (with proper timing, naturally) with controllers like the G27, and the engine doesn't have the torque converter feel where applying throttle doesn't instantly raise the rpm by a couple hundred. If you're not sure what I mean, play ETS2 with a high horsepower truck like an FH with 750hp and while coasting, hit the gas and watch the tach.One of the things I wasn't fond of in ETS2 is the fact that many cities and roads are so hard to differentiate. I could never find my way around if not for the GPS. The Scandinavia DLC is an exception to this IMO, but it seems like every city and highway is mostly the same. ATS on the other hand, has very original and unique areas, as well as cities of varying sizes. I hope that this, plus the fact that they'll be releasing the map in bits at a time, will mean that we can sort of learn our way around through experience, and certain areas and roads will become more familiar overtime. I'm really glad to see SCS try to make each area of the map unique, original, and realistic.A number of people have complained about the current lack of trucks, many saying that they should have done like they did with ETS2 and release them unlicensed first. I think that there is a lot of legal mumbo jumbo involved. It's hard to criticize SCS for this when you don't know what their legal obligations are, and where they are currently at with truck manufacturers.There's still things I'd like to see improved, like the audio, but I can't even imagine how hard it is to make a realistic sounding truck without hearing audio loops and allowing it to fluently change as engine rpm increases and decreases, or even as more or less throttle is applied. With each truck so far, as engine rpm increases it seems to go through 'waves' for lack of a better word, where once you hit 12 or 1300 rpm, the tone resets down to sound lower again. Again, difficult to explain.Kudos to SCS Software. They're definitely on the right track. My favourite thing about them as a developer is that they listen to their community very actively and are quick to make changes if needed. This game was released at a lower than expected price point and I am very, very eager to see where ATS goes in the future.I highly recommend this game to anyone looking for a relaxing but enjoyable simulator, not only for the game but for the amazing developer that stands behind it.
Te Old Spice Man	Recommended	24.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TheOldSpiceMan/	A relaxing way to end your day! Put on a podcast or music and say good buy to the world for a few hours.
Verschwitzte Kettensäge	Recommended	46.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/sweatypi/	Headlight Usage Ticket while in a parking lot, engine off: $700Three mph over the limit because you just reached a speed zone: $1000Prius rams into your trailer when you're turning with right-of-way: $900Being able to safely drive drunk and pretend you know anything about trucks: priceless.
JBro™	Recommended	175.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/xbl4dex/	Paid $86,000 in fines in 3 days. Would help USA economy again10/10
||M.RR.O||	Recommended	77.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198163722707/	──────▄▌▐▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▌───▄▄██▌█ THE BEST▄▄▄▌▐██▌█ SIMULATOR !!!███████▌█▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▌▀(@)▀▀▀▀▀▀▀(@)(@)▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀(@)▀
ladyandwalter	Recommended	248.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198354710343/	Its an ecxelent game. I'd like to see the dlc states to be free and include washington.
Gravy Train	Recommended	1,119.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198413744269/	Love this game. Its a shame I drive for a living then come home and drive some more. I'm a truckaholic .
kami	Recommended	1,627.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kamikazegaming_/	1,200+hr ReviewWhile I loved trucking IRL it was short lived. This simulation game is quite relaxing and fun to chill with friends and meet new like minded people (truckersmp).Game ProgressSince the game was released (2.2.16) we have only 3 official states to haul in, with a 4th supposedly in the works since Febuary '17. Very slow progression being made to put out new states IMO. While I'm not a game developer by any means, I feel like attention is being focused more on "little" things instead of trying to get those truck licenses and states worked on. Who remembers those truck proto-type screenshots SCS posted 8 days before the official ATS launch last year CLICK HERE[blog.scssoft.com]?Sure, there are mods for the game but many have been forgotten about by their creators due to the lack of progress made to the core game.That being said, I still recommend this game from a Truckers perspective. I have and will continue to get many hours of enjoyment out of this sim. Mainly on MP with friends, though I do have a SP profile I do a "realistic" gameplay with economy, weather, graphics & physics mods. Just don't expect things to get done or released fast.
Kibblekaze in Murrica	Recommended	9.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198067808906/	Product received for free
Skan	Recommended	197.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/skansdream/	I have no idea how realistic this is compared to a real truck and I do not care. This is fun. A LOT of fun. With so many reviews before this one, there might not be anything to say that has not been said. They did a great job condensing the areas of the cities that I am familiar with. I'll bet the rest of them are just as good. If for some reason this is the only review you have read of this and are still wondering if you should buy it...stop wondering and add it to the cart. You will not be dissapointed. I recommend this to anyone who already enjoys driving simulators and games. I also recommend this to anyone who is wondering what it is like to drive across america. It will take a while but eventually they will have all the states that are able to be reached via truck. Be careful, the scenery might distract you with it's detail.
jonah_fire	Recommended	12.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198278346589/	so good but needs more states 
Mr_Toshis	Recommended	5.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mr_toshis/	Good game, but it needs more regions added
Rea4per	Recommended	2,268.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198298401962/	this game is great would defenitly give 10 out of 10
Best Bird Lawyer In The World	Recommended	511.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Serenity092/	This game will make you realise how much you like taking loadsOn a good day, youll be averaging 15 loads every 5 hours.
SimuLord	Recommended	106.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SimuLord/	As an American, I play Euro Truck Simulator 2. I like ETS2. The game is well-made and a great way to unwind after work.But as an American, even though I do know my European geography fairly well from seemingly countless World War II strategy games and from being a soccer fan, I find myself a bit...lost sometimes, with Euro signage and only a broad-strokes outline of where things are relative to other things.And when the need strikes to play something...closer to home...well, I lived in Reno for 10 years of my life and went to college there. If you are from the American Southwest, this is essentially a chance to combine the great gameplay of ETS2 with the comfort that comes from the familiar.That's the biggest joy of ATS for me. Yeah, it's "SimuLord, your Murica is showing," but before I lived in Reno I grew up in Boston, and I've got over 1,000 hours in Fallout 4.The moral of the story is if you love these sorts of relaxing games, whether you're American or not, you'll love ATS. Even if it's a change-of-pace game rather than your primary comfort food. Good graphics even on an aging laptop that was never a beast even in its prime, smooth driving gameplay, bugs that you notice only because they're rare, just a solid, workmanlike game in the "real-life style relaxation" genre.And it goes on sale, like, a lot. So you can pick it up for a reasonable price if you've any patience at all (I got it for $4.99 that way.)
KittyRena	Recommended	90.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/RenaNina077/	Honestly, the hours I have doesn't even include the pirated hours done as well as some offline time but if you want an honest review.This game is a very great way to sit back and relax without too much of a care in the world besides the traffic and the haul you'll be carrying(Unless you freeroam)This game has a crazy amount of support to the point of having multiplayer managed by a group of staffed unrelated to the SCS software team however this mod is still in Alpha stage and carries no traffic.Speaking of mods, this game has a decent amount depending on what you're looking for. Most would agree that the map is currently pretty small but with map mods that expand the map as well as the scenery, you'll be able to bare with it especially when you can use map mods as a substitute for the actual map releases.We don't have many trucks but mods fix that. Mods pretty much fix everything for the time being until the game grows to be something magnificent like a butterfly.
Frkn64	Recommended	298.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/frkn_64/	Just i can say this: It's not driving, It's trucking.
GardenData61371	Recommended	5.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/gardendata61371/	Just like ETS2, this game is nice if you are the type who likes to play relaxing games.
Sarkoth	Recommended	840.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197969749884/	American Truck Simulator, just like European Truck Simulator, is a huge zen graden of merrily driving around with lots of horsepower. As a economic simulation it's quite good, but as some meditative driving it absolutely shines, looks nice while doing so and has an amazing amount of content, especially landscape wise.If you're into these kinds of games you'll be more than adequately entertained.
Jahanzaib	Recommended	149.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jahanzaib/	In general - If you want to drive trucks build your very own company by hiring drivers. well this game is for you, i have been playing ETS2 for quite a bit of time which is based in europe so now this game is based in America currently it includes 3 states - California. Neveda, and Arizona and i have to say that they have really improved on the map, road textured, day cycle, etc. Is this game worth over ETS2? well it's really your choice depending on which continent you wanna drive in but if it was for me to make decision i would have gone for ATS over ETS2 due to few reasons i listed above. Is this game worth the money? Yes they actuallydid a very good job, you won't find any better trucking game then this, right now the game is lacking DLC's (obeviously it's new) but in time to come there will be better and cooler DLC's. :)
Will the Werewolf	Recommended	1,974.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/willnewmansr/	I been playing this game since it came out and with the release of the double and triple trailers it made this game all the more fun. Can't wait until the release of New Mexico.
SuitingRex	Recommended	68.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198336717304/	I Love this game i bought this game along time  ago and I love it i played it ever since!!!
FukanoF	Recommended	15.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/fukanof/	ATS is great, but,from my perspective, American trucks are harder to control than Euro trucks. This is only my personal feeling. The game is still in the developing peroid, so there are no new maps DLC and interior accessories DLC which may make the game duller than ETS2. But the map in the game, google map, is more real and the police in the game are always useful when you break the rules. What I must give the thumb to the game is that Peterbilt 389 with Optimus Prime coating, downloaded from Workshop, is just amazing, especially to a Transformer zealot. The city layouts are more complex than ETS2 and the game are sure to give the players more fun when driving in the downtown. After cogitating, I wanna say the game is worth owning even if you have ETS2 or other kinda truck simulator.
FukanoF	Recommended	15.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/fukanof/	ATS is great, but,from my perspective, American trucks are harder to control than Euro trucks. This is only my personal feeling. The game is still in the developing peroid, so there are no new maps DLC and interior accessories DLC which may make the game duller than ETS2. But the map in the game, google map, is more real and the police in the game are always useful when you break the rules. What I must give the thumb to the game is that Peterbilt 389 with Optimus Prime coating, downloaded from Workshop, is just amazing, especially to a Transformer zealot. The city layouts are more complex than ETS2 and the game are sure to give the players more fun when driving in the downtown. After cogitating, I wanna say the game is worth owning even if you have ETS2 or other kinda truck simulator.
PantlessPaton	Recommended	12.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/PantlessPaton/	Played for 2 hours and didn't see a McDonalds.10/10 Would drive through a healthy America again.
ltobottomboyshottas	Recommended	231.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198859745832/	i like every thing bout the game but the one thing the game is missing is diesel smoke too come out the exhaust pipes
Rulio	Recommended	118.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/RulioShan/	I liked ETS2 a lot before I started to play this game. Mainly bought it to try different styles of truckin' and start a new journey across desert, dust and heatwaves.This game gives a lot of futur potential thanks to its similar build as ETS2 and the great support from the devs.Pros.► Has the same grapshim effort, sound effort and ambiant effort than it's Euro older bro.► Simulation is great overall. Pretty flawless overall no big surprise.► USA gives a better ambiance than Europe, fitting the player into a more trucker life with Country music, desert, military bases.► Town and cities features. While ETS2 cities were only industrial area most of the times, ATS offers more residential towns. Unfortunately leading to be limited when you choose your HQ and other warehouses.► Trucks are, of course, not the same than in ETS2, leading to give a whole new experience using big nosed vehicle with massive muscle engines.► Customization is still as great as it used to be.Neutrals.► Making profits and earning XP became way more difficult in ATS, leading a bitter taste of not progressing fast enough.► Mods support is still a thing but will unfortunately die after any big updates.Cons.► Anything related to cops and tickets became absolutely frustrating. Let me explain, the tickets are now given randomly due to the lack of radar and the fact that they're remplaced by patrol pawliss cars. Ok, wynaut. The price of tickets are now way higher that is was in ETS2. Sound okay I guess. But the main problem is the speed limitation. Switching for 129km/h to 48km/h suddenly, while you will be tr standing on your brakes can results in getting a tickets. I know this game is getting better every update but those random speed limits are one of its true party-crashing problem.► There will always be less content than ETS2. The map, while I will be speculating on the future, sounds mainly focused on the West Coast and the south, so I don't think there will be other states like South Dakota, Michigan or Florida. Plus, the lack of licences, currently, can be felt due to the fact there is only 4 trucks at the moment.TL;DR.This game is a great truck driving and banging sim which can feel like an ETS2 with USA stuff but, due to the fact it came later, suffers from a lack of content and overly A n g e r y cops AI. Still gud tho.80/100
SagaciousLion	Recommended	178.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SagaciousLion/	If you like ETS 2, American trucks and American roads there is no reason for you to not like this game. By the way totally loved the new rescale update: great intersections and roads. SCS really seems like they put a lot of effort to the update.
✞ PӨЩΣЯƧƬЯӨKΣ ✞	Recommended	50.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/PSDG/	Thank You So Much Scs Software For Making Such A Great Game Its Awesome! If You Like Trucking And Transport In This Is The Game For You! I 100% Reccomend This Game.The Volvo trucks are insane!!
bullion40	Recommended	201.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198163214526/	This game is amazing, it is even better with a steering wheel with clutch and shifter.
Trainman808	Recommended	5.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Trainman808/	I now have a sudden urge to sing old country songs, abandon my children and wife, eat at sketchy truck stops in the middle of nowhere, and drive for hours on end while♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥out coffee.God Bless America. 
Twisted	Recommended	245.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198085572705/	Genuinely one of my favorite driving games in over 30 years of gaming, sit back and cruise with some music playing enjoying the sights or go for a faster approach racing through traffic and challenge yourself taking a longer route to the delivery point to see if you can make the delivery on time without damage :)With great mod support from SCS it takes the game to another level on customizing the game how you want it to be.
Insanity_BK	Recommended	107.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Bungyboocy/	This game is a nice layback and relax type of game. Its really fun and relaxing! Its 10x better with mods tho!I love this game and u should check it out!
RRoland X	Recommended	22.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/RRolandX/	This is a fantastic simulator. Only thing is i wish there were more states to travel in.
Kemo	Recommended	52.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kemo__/	Welcome to the USA! Well, two of fifty states… American Truck Simulator is SCS Software’s latest bafflingly enjoyable trucking simulator. ATS is effectively ETS2 with a few improvements and new locations, in the form of California and Nevada for you to explore with Arizona coming as a free update at some point. The map scale in ATS seems to be smaller than ETS2 and while that does mean you get around faster it also means that you can’t have long journeys like you could in ETS2 which is also contributed to by only having two states. ATS has only launched with two trucks but there are a couple of others ready to be released once licensing has been sorted out by SCS with more trucks in the works, all of which will be free updates.ATS is certainly a good looking game and it boasts visual and performance increases over ETS2. Both trucks are well-designed and look great, especially with the shiny paint jobs and the scenery all looks good too. The towns and cities also look good but due to the map scale they feel pretty small, with the exception of Los Angeles which is relatively big for the game. The UI and menus are all the same as they were in ETS2 and are still just as easy to use as they were. The new trucks have come with some in-cabin differences, namely an electronic display and a built-in GPS. Both of these have several display modes to choose from which are all pretty helpful.Being a trucking simulator, ATS’ gameplay consists of hauling cargo from one company to another between cities. One of the new features in ATS is ‘special’ destinations for cargo which will depend on what kind of cargo you’re hauling, for example if you’re hauling construction equipment you might have to drop it off at some roadworks just outside one of the game’s cities. On the topic of new features, weigh stations are also new and you’ll sometimes receive a message to pull off and have your truck weighed when you’re passing one. Back to the actual cargo, while there’s not as much variety as there was in ETS2 with DLC there are still enough cargo types to keep things interesting. As was the case in ETS2, unlocking certain skills will also give you access to new kinds of cargo such as flammable liquid or high value construction vehicles. The maximum trailer lengths have also been increased up to fifty-three feet whereas ETS2 had a maximum length of forty feet. These longer trailers can provide quite the challenge, especially when you’re dealing with tight turns.ATS also lets you build up a fleet of trucks and drivers to bring in extra income for you. While early on you’ll probably need bank loans to buy new trucks, once you’ve got yourself established expanding your fleet will become far easier. Despite the fact your hired drivers can only earn up to ~$20,000 per job, having a form of income other than the jobs you’re completing yourself is incredibly handy, especially if you have loans to pay off. Garages to house your fleet are available across both states currently in the game and start with three truck slots with an upgrade increasing that to five. While you do start with your own garage it only has one slot available which is occupied by your truck so you’ll need to upgrade it to three slots before you can hire new drivers. The trucks purchased for your drivers can be upgraded/customised, just as your own can, and you can also switch around your trucks whenever you want.Upgrading and customising your truck is one of the main areas where ATS is inferior to its predecessor. Right off the bat, only having two trucks (that’s not two manufacturers, that’s two single trucks) massively limits the customisation though each truck does have a couple of different presets though they aren’t unlocked until you’re a higher level and levelling up takes quite a long time. Customising the actual trucks is also pretty underwhelming, most parts of the truck only have two or three different options, such as bullbars, and some of the options that were available in ETS2 simply don’t exist anymore, such as a beacon. Hopefully this will improve once SCS has sorted out more licensing but for the time being it’s definitely one of game’s negative aspects.The other main problem with the game is the map scale I mentioned earlier. A twenty in-game hour journey now takes somewhere in the region of thirty of forty minutes, depending on whether or not you’re in-line or below the speed limit. While this kind of scale would be acceptable if we had access to the whole US, when you consider that a twenty hour journey is pretty much the longest possible journey in the game’s current state it’s pretty disappointing. Of course, if you do prefer getting your jobs done quickly then you may actually like this but I feel like most ETS2 fans will be somewhat disappointed.One last thing I’d like to touch on is just how relaxing the game, for the most part, is. Just cruising through California and Nevada with your favourite music or podcast on is incredibly enjoyable and relaxing, perfect for after a long day’s work or after you’ve been playing something a little more stressful. If you don’t have any music or podcasts to listen to, you can try out the game’s default internet radio stations (or even add your own, instructions available in-game) which feature a wide variety of music genres. The game does have some music that plays if you don’t have your own stuff but that only plays in the menus and loading screens. I did say the game is relaxing for the most part, the other part there is when you’re involved in some kind of traffic accident or you get hit with a speeding ticket when you’ve only just entered the new speed limit zone, while incredibly frustrating they don’t happen all too often so you should be nice and relaxed for most of your time in ATS.Verdict ATS' current amount of content may be disappointing but the game does improve on ETS2 and will be enjoyed by its fans. If California and Nevada isn’t enough for you I’d suggest holding off on buying ATS until the Arizona expansion is out but otherwise go for it, the game’s pricing is reasonable after all.Lone Ranger Reviews.El K.
michaelliles69	Not Recommended	629.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198160621265/	I’m editing my initial review.  After much thought I’ve decided to give the game a thumbs down, it saddens me to do so.  I play ETS2 all the time and absolutely love the game.  American Truck Simulator doesn’t even come close in comparison, it’s child’s play in comparison.  I live in Reno and I can say without any doubt that Reno is wrong in almost every way.  About the only thing you got right was some of the buildings, short of that, it’s completely wrong.  Most of Nevada is wrong if you want to know the truth.I-80 westbound out of Reno is like driving a road course.  Full of hairpins, twists and turns, did you guys even come to Reno?  I-80 eastbound out of Reno…don’t get me started!  Donner Pass is over 7,000 feet and in the game it’s nothing more than a slight incline and you’re done.  From Reno to Sacramento is over 2 hours, in the game it’s 2 minutes, what’s that about?  Reno to Vegas is over 8 hours, in the game it’s maybe 6 minutes, what’s that about?  It’s 4 hours from Reno to Elko, in the game it’s 4 minutes, what’s that about?  Have you guys seen the Sierra Nevada Mountains?  Have you guys seen Tahoe?  In the game the Sierra’s simply do not exists in any way, shape, form, or fashion.   What’s up with the AI traffic, it’s relentless, and you have traffic jams everywhere.  If you’re not at a light you’re screwed trying to get out.  What’s up with the ramps onto and off the freeways, why are they so short, have you drove in the US, we don’t have short ramps.  Many of the exits and ramps look like what you find on ETS 2.  I really wonder if your team even came to the states and looked around, really I do.I’m not going to stop playing either game but after all the hype about ATS, I found it to be such a letdown.  ETS2 is an awesome game so it gave me hope for ATS, it is clear something went very wrong.  I have faith it will get better.
Riddle/Chewy	Recommended	472.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/steff969/	When the game first came out, I was amazed, However quickly becoming bored of the small scale. Like many others i longed for a large map to enjoy the feel of an open road. And thus the 1.5 version is coming with what i enjoy the most. DrivingThis game is definatly worth the money for what it gives. SCS I applaude you. You have made another amazing game, Now keep it up with all the states :P 
Defender13	Recommended	89.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197991682745/	After the rescale the game is fantastic!!
CaptainFlint	Recommended	215.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/captainflint_vka/	This is a very nice sim that runs along Euro Truck Simulator 2 but across American landscapes. The map size is definitely not among the strong sides of the game, but new states are in development, and with the map rescale SCS did not so long ago (from 1:35 to 1:20) it's quite a number of miles to drive and places to visit. Being the newer game than ETS2, ATS definitely looks better, more professionally designed.On the downside, the AI traffic is quite derpy and sometimes behaves weirdly, which I hope will be fixed in time.All in all, I think this is an excellent game with big future. Definitely recommend.
iambear.	Recommended	2.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/iam_bear/	Speeding Ticket Simulator 2017.
=Axton=	Recommended	179.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/7656119797888773/	31hrs, over 90% of Cali and Nevada explored, garage is full, achievos done. edit: It will be a Police car simulator until they adjust how many cops car are on the roads, until then disable them in the config file:2nd edit: this was made an option in game today, no more config file tweaks.3rd edit: Arizona has been added to the base game, in beta anyway. It's not a big map, but does have some nice touches like major landmarks and some new assets in cities.  Thye must have a pretty small team working on this since it really isn't a big map and has taken 3 months since the game came out. 4th edit: the map rescale is in beta is really helps this game, the jobs pay more, and they're not over in a 5 minute drive.5th edit: get this on sale if you really want it, otherwise just get Euro Truck Sim 2 with all the map expansions.6th edit: map rescale made it more realistic and loger trip distances. New Mexico is not free.  Don't pay full price yet.Get a cheap 3rd party key somewhere online.
FrontRUSSIAN	Recommended	5.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/sasa11288/	Played this game with vive and g29. and I can say holly♥♥♥♥♥♥you feel yourself like truck driver I even started to regret that I didint go to study logistics.
Shaggy	Recommended	50.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/hogjaw/	American Dream Simulator.10/10.
Do The Watusi	Recommended	4.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/AggieNinepence/	Sometimes you just wanna drive a truck through the US southwest ...... Much like ETS2, this delivers a remarkably chill and surprisingly compelling experience you won't see coming and, by the time you finish saying to yourself 'but I don't like driving sims!' you'll have crossed a state line and be rolling through the desert.
The Shako'd Retard	Recommended	431.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198084549733/	I love how the negative reviews criticizing ATS for having only a handful of states and praising ETS2 for its "completeness" fail to realize that ETS2 is an older title that has been worked on longer, yet is still missing Spain, Portugal, western Russia, Belarus, Ukraine, the Baltics, Finland, and a good portion of the southeast of the continent. Both titles I highly recommend, but keep in mind one thing: nobody said that either one was complete. Especially ATS. And when a new state is presented, it's always a treat to explore for the first time.Oh yeah, and good luck including ALL fifty states in this one. (do trucks from the mainland even go to Hawaii?)
ᅚᅚ	Recommended	3,694.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198098934897/	Absolutely fantastic game. Feels that the lead truck. Fantastic atmosphere during the game.Beautiful graphics. The scenery in ATS is the best I've ever seen in simulators,and the best rain I've seen in games, ever. This game might be similar to ETS2 but yet itfeels so different. Excellent work and soon will be available more maps and vehicles.10/10ιт'ѕ noт drιvιng ιт'ѕ тrυcĸιng.
Tekton00	Recommended	75.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Tekton00/	The much anticipated sequel to Euro Truck Simulator 2, American Truck Simulator allows players to simulate trucking around the United States while building their trucking enterprise. Included in the game is California, Nevada, and Arizona with more DLC promised to come. As a devout fan to ETS2, I was elated to finally begin hauling freight around my home country. With stunning graphics and comprehensive road networks throughout CA, NV and AZ, the content currently in the game is amazing. However, the scale is greatly reduced from ETS2, and I found myself running out of new destinations to visit quite soon after my trucking company's grand opening. However, this is no reason to avoid this game; the developers at SCS have promised to continue creating DLC (some free) for ATS. All in all, American Truck Simulator is a must have for any simulator enthusiast.
Yasteni	Recommended	460.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Yasteni/	The best game of US Truck. The graphics are very beautiful. A very varied map...
💤✠Akatsuki Wolfie✠💤	Recommended	10.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/wolfie_deytuy/	Awesome its like ETS 2 and i loved that game but i think the map usnt that much big then the ets 2 map so thats why only 9/10 pionts from me.
Tanvaras	Recommended	124.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/tanvaras/	What more can I say, Driving Kenworth and Peterbilt trucks on some US highways and through US towns. What is not to like.After tweaking some GFX settings (HDR off and Heat Haze off - My preference) the game looks great, runs great and I lose so much time driving around delivering different types of freight my poor wife will be joining ATS Widows soon.On top of being a fun and very addictive Truck SImulator, I made a whoops and registered my account on World of Trucks on a seperate account to me ETS 2 game, with an email to SCS asking for assistance in combining the two accounts, they quick on verifying I owned the two games and merged my accounts into one withy very little fuss. This is the type of Dev Team I like, not only working on their game, but making sure the community members are supported as well.Enjoy Truck driving games, you can not go wrong with American Truck Simulator, though still small in map (only been released) Arizona is coming very soon as a free addition and many more states there after as DLC, ATS will become quite a large place to drive around in. I can not recommend it enough if the genre suits you.
Northeast Railfan	Recommended	112.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/NERailfan/	A GREAT FUN GAME FOR TRUCKERS! Just like ETS2 just with new great maps and trucks. When more states and Trucks come out this game will be so much better! Runs great on Low-End PCs like mine! As states come out, new awesome features are added for more realism. 8.5/10!
Zynx	Recommended	62.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ZynxonSteam/	Extremely fun especially with some mods. I personally use one and only one which is a traffic mod which makes for some interesting realistic traffic jams
The Looker	Recommended	126.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198139197487/	Decent distraction. Needs more love being the afterthought of ETS. The way map coverage is recorded is different from ETS. In ETS if you drive thru a highway exit area ALL exit and entrance ramps are marked as discovered. In ATS you have to actually drive on every inch of all road surfaces to get credit. Is this because the ATS map is so tiny? I look forward to more truck brands and more roads to explore. A side note if you play the multiplayer version ATS online is actually civil in players actions most of the time. For some reason ETS is full of ignorant rammers and blockers..... not once did I not have an incident on the ETS online servers. ATS is trouble free.....
Red Tiger	Recommended	1,139.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/RedTiger1998/	Great game I love it! Just like the real world! The only bad thing about ATS is that some drop off areas are a bit too small to drop a trailer in and sometimes depending where the drop off point is it can be really tight. SCS needs to work on expanding some of the drop off areas. Also please add more trucks into the game!
Amporer	Recommended	224.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Amporer/	I have quite a bit of history with truck driving simulators since the days of SCS Software's 18 Wheels of Steel franchise. When I first heard of American Truck Simulator, I just about flipped my lid. I've been lookin forward to a revival of 18 Wheels of Steel for quite some time, and this game is more than likely what SCS wanted their original franchise to be. The game uses the same engine as Euro Truck Simulator 2, but there are minor gameplay differences from this and Euro Truck Simulator 2. Two of the most obvious things this game does differently from ETS2 is it's of course, set in the United States.Just a side note, I really hope SCS brings back some of the features from 18 Wheels of Steel like being able to drive through Canada and Mexico.Anyways, the gameplay is different from ETS2. Namely, you see police cars patrolling the highways and city streets, which, I should add as a warning for those who are NOT from the US that play this game: Police cars in the United States have radar built into the vehicles, so just like in real life, they CAN detect if you're speeding even when driving through the oncoming lane. While this is annoying, it does simulate police car radar, and they WILL fine you if you are speeding. Another thing that's different is all 50 US states have laws permitting drivers to make a right turn at a red light, while in Europe, this is either NOT permitted at all, or permitted only in certain areas. However, unlike this game, there are many real life locations in many US cities that have those hated signs that say "NO TURN ON RED" at intersection. Those do not exist in this game, so you will never have to worry about being fined for an illegal turn on red. However, for a right turn on red to be "legal" in the game, you have to have came to a complete stop at the itersection with your turn signal on, be in the rightmost lane on the road you're on, while yielding to traffic before executing the turn, just like in real life.Another thing that is different in this game than ETS2 is there are weight stations throughout the map. Just like in real world American trucking, the United States Department of Transportation mandates that all freight trucks must be weighed to make sure they are within both federal and state weight regulations, or be faced a fine. If you are overweight, you will be fined (Although I have yet, as of the writing of this review been fined for driving overweight. SCS might not have this as an actual mechanic in the game, but if it is, consider this a friendly heads-up). If you do not stop at the weigh station when it is open you will be fined. That being said, just like in real life, the weigh stations are open from a certain time, and close at a certain time. However, if the stations is not closed, you WILL weight that truck or be fined.Another side note: If you are driving a truck without a trailer, which is often called "bobtailing" in American truck slang (Not sure if it's also used in Europe), you are NOT required to use a weight station.Another thing that is taken from real life and put into this game is driver fatigue, just like in ETS2. Just like in ETS2, there is a setting where you can turn it off.The game's current state only has California, Nevada and Arizona as US states that you can go to, but SCS plan on adding the entire continental US, with my hopes being they will add Canada, Mexico, and some of the US's territories like Puerto Rico. That being said, I highly recommend buying this game, but at the same time, there is a very limited amount of map even with Arizona. I bought this game knowing how much map there is to start, but I honestly recommend buying this after some more US states are released. I really recommend buying this after a minimum of five US states (including California, Arizona and Nevada) are featured within the game.
SquattingSanta	Recommended	435.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198826444868/	with nearly 300 hrs on this game im still disappointed there arent any lot lizards
SimGamer42	Recommended	54.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/simgamer42/	This is a smaller, American. brother of ETS. I may only have 2 truck companies and in need of a bigger map (I.E America as a whole). It still amazing!
DonaldTrump	Recommended	323.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/addme2222/	Let me just clarify, I have had this game ever since it came out really but just thought to type a review on it. Ok first off the graphics in this game are incredible! I run the game on low-medium graphics to get a better framerate but the scenery is still amazing! Second is the physics. I was a big fan of ETS2 a lot because of the immersive physics engine. ATS packs the same punch but instead of driving in Europe you are driving in America. I can't wait for the SCS team to add more states (if they have plans for that at all). But for now great job!
pretty_sarah	Recommended	162.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/princess_sarah24/	I love the game however I do wish the developers would develop more state dlc so we can go further into America and mabe canada. Also make a season pass DLC so those who have it get the map dlc's for free or discounted.
IDKwat_id	Recommended	27.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/orangjelek1117/	Great game to relieve my stress, other than that, it's good.
Mihad	Recommended	195.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mihad_uddin/	This game is a haven for American Truck lovers. The Landscapes and Trucks can make anyone feel like a real truck driver.
BLTBytez	Recommended	176.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198304958657/	Absolutely awesome game. Can't get enough, and looking forward to the upcoming updates.
River2003 (SlayerFan)	Recommended	491.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198061674500/	Great game I wish they add it all of the states
Speed Demons	Recommended	141.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198131816585/	This game is just awe inspiring. It really can bring out the American feel in you. I would DEFINITELY recommend this game to anyone who has been a fan of ETS2. It's a real success to it's sister game, euro truck simulator 2. Just an amazing game that I would recommend to all of you trucking fans out there. But with High Quality, DLC (Free DLC Too), and steam workshop mods?... They just make the game more fun, WAY more fun! A definite game that I would recommend to everyone out on the steam community. Hope this helps you out! :DSincerely,PilotForHire
<NOG>DogManDan	Recommended	107.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/dogmandan/	Just can't get enough of this game. It is strangely addictive just as ETS2 is. Modding is fun as well.
Taller-Paul [iRiSHMAN]	Recommended	73.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TallerPaul/	Buy it! don't think about it, do it! , if your like many thinking hmm how fun could this actually be, seems a bit boring like what enjoyment do you get from driving a truck well this would be all true if you played the advertised singleplayer version with ai traffic however, there's a multiplayer mod with its own dedicated severs called truckersmp it means you can convoy wih your friends and drive around with other people around the world.I was originally an Euro Truck SImulator 2 person when i first got that game i barely played it until i found out about the mod then i put so many hours in driving around making friends, i used to only play games which had a kinda 3rd person view and when you crashed it would cause damage, but nope your crashes do cause damage you just can't see it! and as for 3rd person view i never actually thought i would drive on the inside view.Ok i do really love this game but here's the comparrison besides the obvious of the Euro and American, the trucks in ETS2 were very top heavy, like if you turned too quickly they could topple, the crumple zone was your face! but that's how trucks are designed here for whatever reason also you had right hand drive to fit with the UK i never thought i would ever get used to driving a left hand drive on the wrong side of the road but i was wrong.When i first got ATS i was hyped to start i relised that you could only get a left hand drive and there was no right hand drive i thought i made the biggest mistake but ive actually got used to it now, i found it was quite easy setting up in a way originally i tried to manually configure everything but couldn't get it perfect like i had my ETS2 setup, however i then found out the config files were the same as it uses the same engine so i just coppied them over and hey presto my truck drove like my truck from ETS2 with all my controller layout minus a couple of minor tweaks.Now im not a hardcore trucker gamer who has the logitech wheel and drive real trucks in real life, i don't know many people who drive full time in real life then feel the need to do it on the game, i'm sure there is some but nah i do like watching truck shows but you have to give them credit where credit is due when you see how much they have to go through and they don't have a reset button or an auto park feature, the driving comes naturally what i would say however is think practical, i see so many people with the big rigs kitted out with the sleeper and sure they look nicer but they are alot longer than day cabs and lower, meaning you can get stuck alot easier.Another problem with having a nightcab or a standing cab is you lose the ability from inside view to look out the rear of your truck, of course you have no rear view mirror as that would be pointless, however i would classify myself as a well experinced driver i have about €15 mill ingame credit all legitly got and i drive a kenworth day cab so i can reverse park trailers, i also find it to be quite stable of course i wouldn't advise you to try drive it flat out when only new to the game however being experinced that i am i can drive it from 80-100mph with a full load on and deliver the load with no damage or no inconvience to any other driver as proved in my screenshots on my profile.MultiplayerNow if your only starting out you will have to register a new account !!!make sure you read the rules!!! there is alot of people who come on to make other peoples experinces misrable on multiplayer do not let this put you off as they will get banned however you can also report them not through steam or anything, just push tab and select players name then report, then the sever admin will review it, they often advise either taking a replay video of what the person done or a screenshot, I know its hard not to but do not retaliate by blocking, ramming etc the other person as if admin comes along all they will see is either 2 people fighting or you bullying the other person!I would advise if your new to ATS to choose Europe 1 it has speed limited on i know this doesn't sound good however it means your less likely to mess up and will help you get used to the controls and your driving before you decide to floor it and have chaotic accidents, some people prefer to jump right on to europe 2 where there is no speed limit however this can make your best efforts get ruined as there's some new people who will lose it by accident and hit you.Unfortunly multiplayer does have collisions on except in a non collision zone which does mean people can ruin your fun but as advised before you can report those people to the sever admin, the severs and administration has nothing to do with SCS they are just nice minded people who like to have fun and play with others and add an extra level of playing to the game you can choose to donate to them to the uprunning of the severs as there is no charges to join or play currently online.Another thing is if you do go afk pull in to the side of the road or a carpark not blocking anyone to be considerate, however if your gone for 5-10 mins the sever can decide to kick you for inactivity, this also means you cant sit and do nothing for too long either, however it does not affect your game saves or anything like that, you can also ask for any other help in the discussions or the forums everyone is pretty much helpful there's a couple of trolls but what game doesn't have them just don't let them ruin your fun.Another thing is i'm actually really enjoying this game with more states being added its alot more complex and adds more playability to the game so although im only at about 44 hours now i could see that turning in to hundreds of hours when i get my game on!
DrSadistic	Recommended	5.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/drsadistic/	If you've played ETS2 you will feel right at home here. Why change a system that already works, right? If something isn't broke, don't try to fix it. That's why you see so many games go downhill. They change something that already works to try something new that inevitably ruins the whole experience that people have grown to love. It becomes very obvious this is on the same engine as ETS2, and there's nothing wrong with that. It's not the best and most polished engine graphically, but that's okay. It still looks fine, and they've certainly improved anti aliasing support from ETS2. No, it's not where it should be, but it's an improvement. Graphically, the game look very close to what ETS2 looks like, however you can tell there is definitely an improvement with the lighting system. One major change (which is probably the biggest change in ETS2 besides it taking place on American soil instead of in Europe) is the way ticket violations work. In ETS2 there are speed cameras setup and if you are caught speeding passed one of these cameras they slap a ticket on you. This time around, you will actually see cop cars roaming the cities, and if you care caught speeding, they will blue light you and you will be fined. No, currently the cops do not give chase (giving you the possiblity to lead the cops on a high speed chase), but that's possibly something they may (or may not) add in the future. SCS has made it extremely clear they want their trucking sims to be based around the actual trucking experience, starting a trucking company from the ground up and growing, and less about the other stuff. With ATS being in the US it's inevitable ATS is going to draw a bigger crowd than its European predecessors, and many of those people likely have never played an SCS game, or probably never even heard of them before. A big complaint I hear about is the accuracy of the roads and cities. It should be known that SCS is a fairly small company and they don't have the programmers you have at some of the bigger studio. It should be known the roads are designed in a way that make it possible for the AI to navigate. They had a decision to make: have realistic roads with no AI, or come up with a compromise and create their own roadways so we can have functional AI vehicles on the road, and they went with the latter. The map feels different enough from ETS2 that you feel like you are traveling American roads, but veterans of ETS2 will definitely be able to spot the shortcuts that were taken right off the bat that had to be made to make the AI work. The map feels more alive this time. The Doctor's Final Report: 7/10; If you're looking for a 1:1 scale 100% representation of the US, this isn't your game/sim. If you know how SCS works and how they design your games, and you're looking forward to driving from California to Nevada with the understanding that the game is designed the way it is because of limitations of the engine and enjoyed ETS2, there's no reason why you won't enjoy ATS as well.
282 - Olivia H.	Recommended	303.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/BlueDragon1212/	American truck sim. basically Euro Truck Sim in the US, Longer trailers, Conventional Trucks, 18 speed transmissions, California Landscape, etc etc, Improvements over Euro Truck wereBigger CitiesCop Cars Driving around.Better Shifting (ETS was Updated for this)There was A downside though, Not as many truck companies jumped on board so the truck selection is kinda slim pickings, the Quality of the avaliable ones is awesome, but expect to want some modded trucks as there is a lot missing that SCS is waiting for permission on (still) or has been rejected to release.Probably the biggest waste of time since minecraft, but since minecraft it has also occupied so many of my hours Its astounding, Great if you feel like you need somthing to do or if you wanna learn the the shift pattern of a truck,  you can get yourself a 18 speed truck and then learn that 9 speed layout. Mods can still cause FPS Drop but that is In no way in SCS Softwares control.Bottomline, I would reccomend this game, At 1080p there should be no problems for any decent dual core (no Quad support, it runs but better if you limit it to two) with a throw in dedicated graphics at High, my laptops integrated intel can run at about medium.So give it a try especially if its on sale, If you get away and have better than 30 FPS you will love it, Under 30, you will get frustrated at times but at the same time you will still have that urge to play it. 
UFO Reality	Recommended	34.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198024198194/	I would have never thought that I would like truck driving sim but it certainly is a fun game that is casual and relaxing compared to the pew pew and FPS games. Get it when it is on sale as a chill out game.
ursisterslover	Recommended	14.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ursisterslover/	Love it. I find an album I have been wanting to jam. Throw it on and drive around. Plus I can drink while driving to feel like a bad mother hugger. It's tight.10/10
D. Johns [P-16]	Recommended	1,360.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/DannyBoy815/	It's fun despite the fact that its not fully developed, but you would just think they could bring new states out faster :/
Zach	Recommended	180.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/vibronicpoppy82/	Product received for free
wngnutmv	Recommended	292.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198365624997/	As an experienced over-the-road driver, I'm amazed at how immersive this simulator is.  Having driven the southwest and California I can say the developers got it right!  Beautiful trucks, scenery and driving dynamics!
Lord Strong - My Ultima IV Name.	Recommended	64.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198027148010/	This game takes a bit to get used to.For me driving is a little hard, but maybe if I had a steering wheel setup i might enjoy it more. The game seems enjoyable on multiplayer.I don't drive for real so that may be why I can't get good at driving.As far as playing it the fun factor is about 7/10. unless I get stuck somewhere then it's a 0/10.My recommendation is get good with the controls that suit you best then maybe join friends on multiplayer.My guess is the driving isn't so bad as long as your used to driving. I think give the game a few hours then driving ain't so bad.I'm just a bad driver all around lol.Good game if the idea of truck driving for profit appeals to you.
jcr135farm	Recommended	28.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198315978197/	I love this game but i would like to have more peterbilts and kenworths and include mack, internationals, freightliners, and ford, dodge, and chevys, i would also like it if you could buy box trucks and dump trucks that you could use to deliver cargo and have some old school truck in all brands listed above.
[MRA]GrayLobo	Recommended	76.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197988540060/	  This is a great game bassed on the original game moved over to the us. There isnt anything new realy grafix wise but you get to drive around the us. There goal on there homepage clearly states that this game will be expanded further, as we the gamers alow. some updates will be free others will cost. as long as we buy thay will expand the maps further, also thay are talking with the manuafurers to bring more trucks into the game. Thay are well aware that 3 trucks is a bit of a bad joke. With the negitive out of the way, I can honestly say thay have alot of the senery right. As a person who drives an atual peterbuilt around the US I can say the engine sounds are quite acurate, Though others are not *Lissening to you air breaks* that sead the mod community hear on Steam is on the job.   With patchest to make realy life brand names come into the game and mods for the headlights so thay are true and air breaks that dont sound like a woopy cushen this game is made perfect by moders. Over all 8/10 as it is with more avaible if thay move away from Cally as the 55 MPH speed limit is true and god do i hate the state for it.
D. Johns [P-16]	Recommended	1,360.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/DannyBoy815/	It's fun despite the fact that its not fully developed, but you would just think they could bring new states out faster :/
aa	Recommended	0.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ineedmedicalassistance/	apparently i can review this game despite not actually owning ithuh
Banzai_Cat	Recommended	3.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197981458266/	First driving game I've EVER played where I don't want to smash other cars into bloody, pulpy masses of flesh and plastics while listening to death metal at full volume to drown out the cries and woes of the doomed. 10/10, will continue to obey the speed limit, not scratch my paint, and use my directional indicator anytime.
Jeremy The Cool	Recommended	266.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198392182908/	great game but there should be more truck brands theres only kenworth and peterbuilt, where's Mack and all the others?
Giant Dragon Dildos	Recommended	63.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/bagofdongs/	I played and loved Euro Truck Sim, so naturally I enjoyed this.However, in my opinion, sometimes just looking at all the stock(?) images of people they used for the drivers you hire provide almost endless entertainment.
H3nry001	Recommended	315.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/h3nry001/	If you like Euro Truck Simulator 2, than you will definitely like American Truck Simulator. Improved and tweaked graphics, with some new gameplay. The quality and detail of the cities are extraordinary. Definitely recommended to you, the value and cost of the game Is reasonable and the content you’re given is reasonable and will be expanded and more will come. The rescale of the game making it similar to ETS2 has made the game even better.
AlNation1	Recommended	64.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198135480545/	ATS really shows how a laid back game can bring hours of fun. All you need is the game, a few hours, and your favorite tunes in the background. The map is a tad small, but in time they are sure to add more states. The day I can drive my truck through my city, New York City, the big apple, is the day I will reach utter bliss in this game. 10/10 Would drive the truck again
FarmingSniper	Recommended	473.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198299227811/	So much fun with friends
dingle	Recommended	42.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/dinglemynuts/	It's a great game to chill out and explore while listening to your favourite music and enduring the Australian summer heat by driving in snow.
Braden Havens	Recommended	281.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198258608161/	I've played this game for a while and it was worth the money. i recommend this game to everyone. everything about it is amasing and the trucks are so detailed. im glad this game has so many good reviews and hope to see even more updates in the future. i rate this game five stars. i hope to see more trucks and trailers within new updates and hope to see more workshop mods.
OmittedVirus764	Recommended	979.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/OmittedVirus764/	Great Game!
AhocGaming	Recommended	55.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/AhocGaming/	This Game is woth your money 
Steljoy	Recommended	28.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Steljoy/	I Enjoyed this game a lot more than ETS2, It is fantastic. I am so glad I bought it!!
moggie68	Recommended	111.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/moggie68/	the best truck diving sim game ever made worth every penny
Wabbit	Recommended	137.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198007826844/	great game, needs more states to drive in
CorporalRoush	Recommended	24.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198035725878/	A great simulation for truck drivers and/or future truck drivers.
khoa_	Recommended	29.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kh04/	Literally the only game that I spent countless hours at night playing. It's a simple but amazing game that really allows you to rethink your life and reminisce on every bad decision that you've made your entire life. Very relaxing especially for those who find peace and enjoyment in driving as you can just plug in your own music and hit the road. My only complaint would be that the graphics aren't very well-optimized as textures aren't very HQ and lag often happens in big cities even on my new GTX 1050 (medium settings). Overall, a great game that can relax you after a long day.
{[]}Cucenqonga{[]}	Recommended	52.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198175686190/	Its like Euro truck simulator, but in AmericaOverall, its in america Still waiting for Carribbean truck simulator, and what ever happened to the leaks of mediterranean truck simulator?To conclude, if you want to drive a truck in America, this is the game for you-75/100
Twisted Harlock	Recommended	18.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Twisted_Harlock/	Good game by a small company. They try there hardest to listen to their player base and keep us informed on whats coming down the pipeline.. This so far has been the one company that I have never minded dropping some cash on DLCs for. The game runs stable and you get a good value vs price wether it be on sale or full price...Disclamer.I'm a trucker in R/L and why its not the same as R/L it is close... On a steel horse we ride....
FINISH	Recommended	81.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198252967893/	This game is really enjoyable, anyone who enjoys trucking, free roam and simulation i highly recommend it
duster5	Recommended	744.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198439212171/	I love this game so much my uncle was a truck driver and I used to want to be one and now it feels like I am!
thatcoolpogo	Recommended	11.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Chicago4592/	I love it idk why I like being stuck in traffic for hours but it's fun I just wish they had more of america not just the very west
Dave	Recommended	577.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198139944288/	The best driving simulation game out there. I never get tired of this.
jtyrone87	Recommended	223.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198849323569/	Hi I thing my game is lost  trying to  reinstall  but no luck  need help with this . Everytime I play its playing demo.  I enjoy  the game but want to play the real game  .Thanks you for all that u do
andrewdline1	Recommended	219.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198238357220/	you guys shold make trucks for dlc 
RonnyfPatel	Recommended	90.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198034631736/	Suggestions :1. Option to move Route advisor.2. Option to remove and fix Steering wheel at will so that while using external gaming wheel the game would look more realistic.3. Option within the game to take selected or full map printout. 
jchiera	Recommended	594.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198208723737/	Love the game, very realistic  but needs to add better variety of trucks into the game.
jchiera	Recommended	594.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198208723737/	Love the game, very realistic  but needs to add better variety of trucks into the game.
pencilman3	Recommended	57.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/pencilman3/	its fun id recomend worth the 20 dollars
M4R3 CSGOAtse.com	Recommended	2.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198840275981/	Really cool game!
TrukrMak (@Twitch)	Recommended	28.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TrukrMak/	As a trucker, this is a pretty cool game...LOL
LazerMan	Recommended	300.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198335565310/	great game and very realistic 
nfury918	Recommended	49.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198824481832/	amazing game even when i had a bad gpu it is still fun 
meowmers	Recommended	25.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/meowmers/	I thought this would be the Janetty to ETS2. With trailer ownership and the attention to regulations, Bam! double Michaels
Mikasa	Recommended	94.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Ch1ckenFarm3r/	Best truck simulator money can buy, with mods and the new trailer update it gets a lot more realistic. radio stations are good too
Spoggington	Recommended	9.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198372083911/	After spending hours looking for a good driving simulator game, I stumbled upon this. Immediately, I bought the game and went for a try out. This game has become my new addiction. The roads, the mechanics, and the enviroment is amazing. 10 out of 10 would buy it again.
belmondo to młody g	Recommended	13.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Coolestmanonearth/	cieżaruwy, yea tiry
jtyrone87	Recommended	223.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198849323569/	Hi I thing my game is lost  trying to  reinstall  but no luck  need help with this . Everytime I play its playing demo.  I enjoy  the game but want to play the real game  .Thanks you for all that u do
andrewdline1	Recommended	219.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198238357220/	you guys shold make trucks for dlc 
RonnyfPatel	Recommended	90.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198034631736/	Suggestions :1. Option to move Route advisor.2. Option to remove and fix Steering wheel at will so that while using external gaming wheel the game would look more realistic.3. Option within the game to take selected or full map printout. 
jchiera	Recommended	594.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198208723737/	Love the game, very realistic  but needs to add better variety of trucks into the game.
pencilman3	Recommended	57.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/pencilman3/	its fun id recomend worth the 20 dollars
M4R3 CSGOAtse.com	Recommended	2.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198840275981/	Really cool game!
TrukrMak (@Twitch)	Recommended	28.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TrukrMak/	As a trucker, this is a pretty cool game...LOL
LazerMan	Recommended	300.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198335565310/	great game and very realistic 
nfury918	Recommended	49.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198824481832/	amazing game even when i had a bad gpu it is still fun 
meowmers	Recommended	25.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/meowmers/	I thought this would be the Janetty to ETS2. With trailer ownership and the attention to regulations, Bam! double Michaels
UncurlingColt7	Recommended	135.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/UncurlingColt7/	Pretty good game, traffic AI is a bit autistic sometimes, though that is pretty true to life.10/10 for realism.
pbd0210	Recommended	3.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198255309644/	At first when you see the title "American Truck Simulator" you must be man what kind of a game is that, a truck simulator!. But trust me there's something about this game where it is just fun and relaxing. So trust me give it a go!
ikbennlXD	Recommended	72.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198091070319/	One of the best simulators in the world.The community of ATS is not so active as ETS2, but that doesnt say anything about the game.The landscaping is wunderful, and driving around with the country radio on doesn't get bored.The detail is also very good. The new random road events make it. There are not so many trucks either, but you can browse to very much truck mods.So, a perfect game to relax after a long day school or work. Very nice landschaping you are driving in the cabine with open eyes.
xEvilShadowx187	Recommended	46.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/xevilshadowx187/	So far so good i didn't have any problems setting up a xbox one controller it basically set up it's self
Durshuk	Recommended	189.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197970930778/	Bought it for VR, and enjoyed it so much, went out and bought a gaming wheel (which isn't cheap) just to solidify the experience. Strangely relaxing and positive for a simplistic experience. No lose situation considering it's dirt cheap price.
Werner	Recommended	6.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198822539893/	NICE!!
Two Pair	Recommended	51.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/twopair/	I have to say, I really enjoy this game. It is an amazing piece of art and even though all that's available is the west coast, I can tell this game will get to be even better. It is the most stunning and realistic game of its kind, but that goes both ways for some people. Those going through to see if you want this or not: It is built solely for those that want to get this experience, coming from real life to get the closest thing or wanting the closest thing without real life. I strongly recommend this game but those that buy it need to have a very focused attention span, a willingness to accept challenge, and the brain to make (minor but important) financial decisions.
jsharpe3	Recommended	404.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198068348433/	I like this game. More DLC required.
matthewschultz29	Recommended	103.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198344687692/	Great game, hope they expanded to have the whole USA on the map to do long hauls from cali to maine
TheBurntLemon	Recommended	11.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/theburntlemon/	-Gets speeding violation of $700-State Trooper overtakes me going much faster-Just like real America10/10 Driving Simulator
sdavis5128	Recommended	4.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198844960558/	I've never been one who enjoys these types of simulators. The most fun I've ever had with them, is the old tycoon games from the 90's (I remember being rather fond of Pizza Tycoon). Well, I decided to go ahead and purchase the game, since it was on sale for $5. Honestly I'm surprised at the detail put into the game. You can adjust your seats, decorate your rig, play various radio stations while driving, and much more! I am really looking forward to hiring staff, and creating my own company from the ground up! I've only bought the game today, and spent a few hours with it. I'm sad that it's 2am and I have to be up in a few hours for work, lol. Ahh, screw it... I'm going to go make at least one more delivery before calling it a night!
thefanification	Recommended	19.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198078889216/	i used to be a truck driver myself and i can say it does have some innaccuracies, like off and on ramps being a little too short, pretty low speed limits for certain roads, but those are small things that don't really matter. its a great game if you want to just kill some time, or if you are curious about what its like to be an actual truck driver, since this gets the experience pretty well.  my only REAL complaint is you only have 2 truck companies, peterbilt and kenworth when there are a few more, like sterling, freightliner, western star, CAT, and even volvos!
Percy Mack	Recommended	814.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198181217943/	Real good game
colonpaul30	Recommended	220.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198832378871/	Product received for free
★馬呂斯💦ϟ🙊	Recommended	4.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mariusfromchine/	That game is amazing , thanks for it , finally i can make my American Dreams ,
[ST] JENZO	Recommended	44.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jenzo73/	ATS ( American Truck Sim ) is another amazing truck sim from SCS after EST 2 ( Euro Truck Sim ). Just have to love driving aroung the USA & part of Mexico with the BIG RIGS from PeteBuilt & KenWorth the detailing of the trucks is amazing & has always the modding crew have made the game if more fun with even more details from lights to wheels ,Engine sounds. You really do feel inside a RL truck. This game is something that you would never get bored with because so many jobs that you can choose then building up your company with more trucks & hiring people to drive them.At the moment i'm doing the BETA Version for the new Buy your own Trailer from a Flatbed to Refridgated & even Double trailer that you can custom so you can make it the same colour has your company trucks. There is so much customizing of the trucks from SCS & Modding people that you can have a truck that you have always dreamed of having. I use a ThurstMaster T500RS wheel & pedal set up & soon the VR will hopefully be working that i cannot wait for that . IF you are looking for some fun in a driving sim then you cannot go wrong buying ATS or EST 2 both are great trucking sims that will keep you driving for hrs & the new DLC out soon for even bigger map & i can see that with the size of the USA this map could be massive in more map updates. And you can always join the Multi-Player part of the game to drive with others in a convoy.Hopefully see you in game Look out fdr the JENZO number plate in the winscreen of the truck & say HI :)KEEP ON TRUCKING  SCS
Rabid Squirrel	Recommended	2.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/creepinfire/	I absolutly love this game. I love the expandabilty with all the mods made by the community. I highly recommend this game to anyne.
olivercoyne	Recommended	77.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198823738167/	Product received for free
DRUNK_CANADIAN	Recommended	2.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/DRUNK_CANADIAN/	Murican Truck Simulator. Its like Eurotruck simulator but its powered by cheeseburgers and Red Bull? You got a problem with that Mutha F#(@er? For that reason, full recommend, America is great again.17000th review :)
Toost Inc.	Recommended	25.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/MadeOfMagicAndWires/	Good relaxing fun you can pick up whenever you need nothing to do.
SlimyBlobfish	Recommended	77.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198309391330/	i love this game. its a really good time waster. i cant wait till they expand the maps 
Your Father	Recommended	32.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/numberr09/	Two hours is all it took for me see the fun in ATS.  Even with my pleb PC and graphics card, I can run decent video settings.  The shifting and parking can be as easy or as difficult as you like.  Truck customizations are fun to fiddle with for hours on end, then there's trailers, too.  Yesterday I owned nothing ATS and because of the Steam sale, I now own everything ATS.  I'll be buying the new DLC as soon as it's released.  Highly recommended for a nice relaxing drive.  Between Assetto Corsa and ACC and now ATS, I'll have more virtual miles per year than I drive IRL.  Awesome!  #DFGT #i3 #GT740
ChefJuan	Recommended	264.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198196522961/	Game keeps crashing after the new update. Anyone else having this problem?
Officialy2004inc	Recommended	282.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/officially2004inc/	Alright, After along time, I'll give this a review.I Do Recommend This Simulator.Pros: Steam Workshop/Community Support. Realistic Scale. Decent amount of customization. A nice variation of Loads. Very good Support Team.Cons: Lacking Number of Truck Dealers. Lacking Number of Trucks. 4 Doesn't really cut it. Phsyics can be "Iffy" in some cases. No Official Multiplayer Support. Paid for DLC's (States). (46x$11.99)+$19.99 = $571.53 Projected Total.Closing Statement:I loved the 18 Wheels of Steel Series. After I saw Euro Truck Simulator 2 previews, I was so Excited, And honestly, totally lived up to the hype. If you want a game you can spend Hundreds of hours in, Buy this game. I do wish the DLC State would come in bundles, packs, etc. But ¯\(°_o)/¯
SILENT BOY	Recommended	23.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/BagasAjiWijaya/	Product received for free
206 - Kyler V	Recommended	32.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198427080671/	Very Fun Game Been playing this game for a long time now but I want the oversized trailers to be buyable
gvorris	Recommended	145.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197999224698/	Like the ETS2, you will love it!Driving simulator at its best, Must buy!
FriendlyNeighborhoodNoob	Recommended	35.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198203007453/	The game is fun, a new update came out where you can own your very own trailer. This made the game better by a TON! I would recommend this game to anyone who likes racing games/ driving games. It's a game that is more than enjoyable, and, that's really I can say!
ThePortuguese7	Recommended	52.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ThePortuguese7/	yes
ahab2013	Recommended	30.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198298435580/	This game is pretty cool, especially being in the trucking industry. If you're obsessed with trucking. Youll be playing this game. I think it would be pretty awesome if there were shippers that you had to deal with. Like we do. Navigating between other players and bumping the docks. That would be pretty cool.
olivercoyne	Recommended	77.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198823738167/	Product received for free
DRUNK_CANADIAN	Recommended	2.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/DRUNK_CANADIAN/	Murican Truck Simulator. Its like Eurotruck simulator but its powered by cheeseburgers and Red Bull? You got a problem with that Mutha F#(@er? For that reason, full recommend, America is great again.17000th review :)
Toost Inc.	Recommended	25.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/MadeOfMagicAndWires/	Good relaxing fun you can pick up whenever you need nothing to do.
SlimyBlobfish	Recommended	77.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198309391330/	i love this game. its a really good time waster. i cant wait till they expand the maps 
Your Father	Recommended	32.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/numberr09/	Two hours is all it took for me see the fun in ATS.  Even with my pleb PC and graphics card, I can run decent video settings.  The shifting and parking can be as easy or as difficult as you like.  Truck customizations are fun to fiddle with for hours on end, then there's trailers, too.  Yesterday I owned nothing ATS and because of the Steam sale, I now own everything ATS.  I'll be buying the new DLC as soon as it's released.  Highly recommended for a nice relaxing drive.  Between Assetto Corsa and ACC and now ATS, I'll have more virtual miles per year than I drive IRL.  Awesome!  #DFGT #i3 #GT740
ChefJuan	Recommended	264.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198196522961/	Game keeps crashing after the new update. Anyone else having this problem?
Officialy2004inc	Recommended	282.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/officially2004inc/	Alright, After along time, I'll give this a review.I Do Recommend This Simulator.Pros: Steam Workshop/Community Support. Realistic Scale. Decent amount of customization. A nice variation of Loads. Very good Support Team.Cons: Lacking Number of Truck Dealers. Lacking Number of Trucks. 4 Doesn't really cut it. Phsyics can be "Iffy" in some cases. No Official Multiplayer Support. Paid for DLC's (States). (46x$11.99)+$19.99 = $571.53 Projected Total.Closing Statement:I loved the 18 Wheels of Steel Series. After I saw Euro Truck Simulator 2 previews, I was so Excited, And honestly, totally lived up to the hype. If you want a game you can spend Hundreds of hours in, Buy this game. I do wish the DLC State would come in bundles, packs, etc. But ¯\(°_o)/¯
SILENT BOY	Recommended	23.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/BagasAjiWijaya/	Product received for free
206 - Kyler V	Recommended	32.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198427080671/	Very Fun Game Been playing this game for a long time now but I want the oversized trailers to be buyable
gvorris	Recommended	145.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197999224698/	Like the ETS2, you will love it!Driving simulator at its best, Must buy!
Officialy2004inc	Recommended	282.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/officially2004inc/	Alright, After along time, I'll give this a review.I Do Recommend This Simulator.Pros: Steam Workshop/Community Support. Realistic Scale. Decent amount of customization. A nice variation of Loads. Very good Support Team.Cons: Lacking Number of Truck Dealers. Lacking Number of Trucks. 4 Doesn't really cut it. Phsyics can be "Iffy" in some cases. No Official Multiplayer Support. Paid for DLC's (States). (46x$11.99)+$19.99 = $571.53 Projected Total.Closing Statement:I loved the 18 Wheels of Steel Series. After I saw Euro Truck Simulator 2 previews, I was so Excited, And honestly, totally lived up to the hype. If you want a game you can spend Hundreds of hours in, Buy this game. I do wish the DLC State would come in bundles, packs, etc. But ¯\(°_o)/¯
SILENT BOY	Recommended	23.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/BagasAjiWijaya/	Product received for free
206 - Kyler V	Recommended	32.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198427080671/	Very Fun Game Been playing this game for a long time now but I want the oversized trailers to be buyable
gvorris	Recommended	145.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197999224698/	Like the ETS2, you will love it!Driving simulator at its best, Must buy!
FriendlyNeighborhoodNoob	Recommended	35.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198203007453/	The game is fun, a new update came out where you can own your very own trailer. This made the game better by a TON! I would recommend this game to anyone who likes racing games/ driving games. It's a game that is more than enjoyable, and, that's really I can say!
ThePortuguese7	Recommended	52.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ThePortuguese7/	yes
ahab2013	Recommended	30.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198298435580/	This game is pretty cool, especially being in the trucking industry. If you're obsessed with trucking. Youll be playing this game. I think it would be pretty awesome if there were shippers that you had to deal with. Like we do. Navigating between other players and bumping the docks. That would be pretty cool.
tyrellparson79	Recommended	437.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198446932874/	My Heavy Cargo Pack is not showing up in the new version of ats
ICE Shredder [Glaceon]	Recommended	26.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/sonic12310mc/	What do I think about this game?I say it's the most fun, adventure, open world game I have evered played. Sure it gets boring cause you are doing this if it's real life driving. But other then that I say I have always had fun playing this game.Is there any Cons or Negativity you have about this?Well the map is awfully big and takes forever to get from point A to B. However it does not really bother me that much sense I am the person into Open World games, but for the person that is not then this will be a problem for you. Also, the handling on a keyboard is a little off for me, I don't know why but I did so much fixing for the last 2 hours and nothing worked well. Hoever in the end it still worked for me, I would save my money to get a steering wheel and peddels sense the game is kinda dependent on that.Is there multiplare?!Yes and no, there is no built in multiplare to the game just leaderboards. However, there is a mod called TruckersMP that mods the game to run as a multiplare game and it works well. However the mod has to support the update of the game and sometimes that can be a no go.What Mods can I get?Any that involves with the games steam workshop page, but you can get more trucks or start driving cars. You can get custom maps and trailers. The list goes on and on, I would suggest head to the page and see what you can find.Summary:I absoulty recommend this game to the Open World, Simulator, Driving gamers out there. I never had this much fun with a simulations in years. It's worth your money trust me on this one.
Maeka	Recommended	20.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/MaekaGaming/	I love both ETS2 and ATS. IT's so fun and casual to just drive around and do jobs.
trucking dude 33	Recommended	37.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198298840066/	Product received for free
1A-32 Braden L.	Recommended	83.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198275973670/	You need this game, usally I dont like calm games, I love this game.
maaz-fun	Recommended	0.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198863996468/	Amazing Just Amazing Game!!! Excellent Gameplay & Mechanics!! You Can Run Your Own Company Or Work AS Employee Or Work As Privately Contracted Drivers --- All Of This Just As In Real World!!!  Fantastic Job Game Creators!!!
Flashka	Recommended	74.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/FIXL4D2/	No Steam Clound synchronization, yup I lost my saves lol.
Hallodallo_7353	Recommended	34.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198129723782/	Nice Simulation Game.American Truck Simulator allows you to build up your own company. You can buy several different Trucks and upgrade them for different tasks. You can also hire drivers that can be leveled up.The biggest part of the gameplay is driving around, taking contracts to deliver stuff elsewhere.This is also the biggest problem of the game, as it is quite repetitiv and therefore isn't a game for everyone. You really have to like driving around with trucks.There are quite a lot controls so a simple controller isn't enough. You may want to have your keyboard lying besides you to easily acces additional functions. I didn't use a wheel for this game but it probably is the most fun with one, just like any other game where driving is the main part of the game.Another Problem is the performance. It isn't as good as you may think when looking at the graphics.Overall the game does a good job and is really fun if you like that kind of game. 
Rookie_One	Recommended	321.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Rookie_One/	Really nice game to play, while it might seems weird, there is no better way to relax for me, and probably many others, than driving a truck, in the sunset, taking it relax, and having fun
Abstract Flare	Recommended	86.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198434676554/	Its a fun game, I know about truckers MP but i was wondering if you could make it so we can maker are own small little 4+ pepole servers for friends?
Randall Flagg	Recommended	28.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kingpaimon/	If you'd told me a few months back that I'd log this many hours into a game about trucking I'd have called you a liar.I cannot believe how addictive this game is. I used to be a trucker, this game actually captures the feel of it.I like to pop on talk radio (Coast to Coast AM is my favourite) while taking my rig out on long distance. It's strange as hell, this game shouldn't be nearly as fun as it is.
iiAppleByte	Recommended	37.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/iiapplebyte/	Pros:-Graphics have been improved from ETS2-Lots of new AI cars-Runs very smoothly-Excellent mod support-New events on the road (for example, broken car on the shoulder)-Seemingly better AI than ETS2. They're more polite if you need to reverse or make an unusual turn.Neutral:-Basically a reskin of ETS2Cons:-There's no mechanics that set it apart from ETS2-Lack of starting trucks (though it should be noted that some mods add trucks)In summary, if you love ETS2 and have completed everything it has to offer, this is a great extension. It should be noted that a lot of the game feels recycled from ETS2 (similar road components, UI, and sounds).
J4nders	Recommended	29.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/imnottoogoodatcsgo/	Product received for free
Xeripix	Recommended	54.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198826609116/	I love this game its the best!
thang.tc	Recommended	37.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/thangtc/	The graphics is wonderful with suprisingly low GPU demand, unlike City Car Driving. Some minor issues like rain-drop on the windshield becomes HUGE black pixels which makes driving undoable. The music is energetic and fit very well to the game. Controls are smooth. Driving on Logitech G29 Racing Wheel is very satisfying (especially when the doze is in effect :D).However, I feel too sleepy riding the monstrous trucks. Can only drive max 2 hours before going to bed (while I can play 16+ hours on other games). American Sleep Stimulator. 100% recommended :)
Julkanizer	Recommended	52.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Julkanizer/	Very enjoyable game with great community and multiplayer mod. For those who grew up messing around with truck simulators definitely.
Acidic	Recommended	37.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198043355246/	I bought this game on a whim and I didn't expect to enjoy it as much as I do. I enjoyed it so much that I bought ETS2 + DLC and can't wait to dive into that. I don't have money for a driving wheel but controller + keyboard works pretty well for my playstyle. This game gives a very strange satisfying feeling and I love it.
₱฿ Bald Chocolate Man	Recommended	40.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/zetboio/	Since I'm a guy of kind-of weird tastes in games as it comes to overly mundane tasking games, such as Viscera Cleanup Detail, My Summer Car and the likes, I love chilling out with trucking over long distances too. Especially with friends.The only small gripe about ATS I can think of is that ATS doesn't feel as big as it's predecessor, Euro Truck Simulator 2 (Not related though - but same developer).I really hope that SCS Software will be able to release more of the US states as a free DLC/update, because as it is right now, you only have 3 out of 50 possible, so not too much sightseeing going on right now.The big American trucks feel awesome to drive around in. Very robust and powerful. I prefer a Peterbilt. Currently driving a 389 sleep cabin.Very recommendable together with Euro Truck Sim 2. (It even has a multiplayer mod!)
Qox	Recommended	10.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198030419502/	This is a most of the time relaxing game.It has a good mechanisc for leveling your character to unlock higher payed/better tasks.The graphic is great and quite enjoyable.
sndl2012	Recommended	65.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198083569880/	Overall great trucking simulater, although it should be renamed Adventures Along Interstate 40 and interstate 5, as majority of your long hauls will be along those routes. If your more into short deliveries, then it will be better for you as it is possible to break the manotany. But if you are more into the long hauls and running the roads, be prepared to live on I40 and I5.  Hopefully these guys can rectify this and work on some other states, but by the looks, they are just extending I5 through oregon and probably will do washington next to complete the I5 corridor. So if you are in it more for the long hauls, I suggest ETS2 for now and wait about 5-8 years for ATS to actually be a true America sim. This has a ton of potential, and has a ton of great mods, just needs to catch up a little to its big brother ETS2. I play ETS2 as well, but not as much, not much into short frame trucks :).
buter1	Recommended	138.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198052313325/	This game is so fun. I would have never expected a game where you are to follow the rules of the road and drive safe to be so dang addictive. I really recommend it.
Tara Darkblood	Recommended	439.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198140014709/	Absolutely love this game.
SmallsWorldGaming	Recommended	143.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198134098853/	This simulator is very addicting and enjoyable. I love the scenic views while driving and the relaxing noise of the engine. If your looking for a nice relaxing driving game, this I would definitly recomend
Presto569	Recommended	203.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/presto569/	If you liked any of the 18 wheels of steel games this game is for you. My only complaint is they need to create the entire USA.
Xeripix	Recommended	54.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198826609116/	I love this game its the best!
thang.tc	Recommended	37.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/thangtc/	The graphics is wonderful with suprisingly low GPU demand, unlike City Car Driving. Some minor issues like rain-drop on the windshield becomes HUGE black pixels which makes driving undoable. The music is energetic and fit very well to the game. Controls are smooth. Driving on Logitech G29 Racing Wheel is very satisfying (especially when the doze is in effect :D).However, I feel too sleepy riding the monstrous trucks. Can only drive max 2 hours before going to bed (while I can play 16+ hours on other games). American Sleep Stimulator. 100% recommended :)
Julkanizer	Recommended	52.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Julkanizer/	Very enjoyable game with great community and multiplayer mod. For those who grew up messing around with truck simulators definitely.
Acidic	Recommended	37.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198043355246/	I bought this game on a whim and I didn't expect to enjoy it as much as I do. I enjoyed it so much that I bought ETS2 + DLC and can't wait to dive into that. I don't have money for a driving wheel but controller + keyboard works pretty well for my playstyle. This game gives a very strange satisfying feeling and I love it.
₱฿ Bald Chocolate Man	Recommended	40.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/zetboio/	Since I'm a guy of kind-of weird tastes in games as it comes to overly mundane tasking games, such as Viscera Cleanup Detail, My Summer Car and the likes, I love chilling out with trucking over long distances too. Especially with friends.The only small gripe about ATS I can think of is that ATS doesn't feel as big as it's predecessor, Euro Truck Simulator 2 (Not related though - but same developer).I really hope that SCS Software will be able to release more of the US states as a free DLC/update, because as it is right now, you only have 3 out of 50 possible, so not too much sightseeing going on right now.The big American trucks feel awesome to drive around in. Very robust and powerful. I prefer a Peterbilt. Currently driving a 389 sleep cabin.Very recommendable together with Euro Truck Sim 2. (It even has a multiplayer mod!)
Qox	Recommended	10.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198030419502/	This is a most of the time relaxing game.It has a good mechanisc for leveling your character to unlock higher payed/better tasks.The graphic is great and quite enjoyable.
sndl2012	Recommended	65.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198083569880/	Overall great trucking simulater, although it should be renamed Adventures Along Interstate 40 and interstate 5, as majority of your long hauls will be along those routes. If your more into short deliveries, then it will be better for you as it is possible to break the manotany. But if you are more into the long hauls and running the roads, be prepared to live on I40 and I5.  Hopefully these guys can rectify this and work on some other states, but by the looks, they are just extending I5 through oregon and probably will do washington next to complete the I5 corridor. So if you are in it more for the long hauls, I suggest ETS2 for now and wait about 5-8 years for ATS to actually be a true America sim. This has a ton of potential, and has a ton of great mods, just needs to catch up a little to its big brother ETS2. I play ETS2 as well, but not as much, not much into short frame trucks :).
buter1	Recommended	138.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198052313325/	This game is so fun. I would have never expected a game where you are to follow the rules of the road and drive safe to be so dang addictive. I really recommend it.
Tara Darkblood	Recommended	439.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198140014709/	Absolutely love this game.
SmallsWorldGaming	Recommended	143.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198134098853/	This simulator is very addicting and enjoyable. I love the scenic views while driving and the relaxing noise of the engine. If your looking for a nice relaxing driving game, this I would definitly recomend
armugaankheratkar02	Recommended	7.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198842231299/	Awesome game!
Rilamin	Recommended	170.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/rilamin/	Great Game to pass the time..  Can get a little bored on the road with 600+ miles ahead of you but they did well in this game.. Updates always being done and new content as well.Would recommend this game with others or joining an online team...  Serious boredom sets in after a few hours of driving unless you have others to chat with...   In-Game stereo is awesome which helps...
Currency	Recommended	68.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Currency/	Amazing Trucking Simulator game, still being updated with more states as time progesses. If your into a grindy type of simulator, or just want to sit back and drive an 18 wheeler across America's continental 48 states, this game is for you. I'm sure Mexico and Canada will be added at a later date, this is not comfirmed just an expectation.Thank's,-Currency
R e i c h s w a v e.	Recommended	206.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198255100641/	The game you need if you just want to relax after going back home and forgetting about what you have been through the day. Well, unless you meet a drunk driver that crashed their car to your truck whie you are turning...... HAVE FUN, RECOMMENDED.
Ravi07061999	Recommended	37.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198833215323/	Nice Truck Simulation Game
edwardkohlhoff	Recommended	244.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198300026231/	Love the game . Wish for faster states release and more classic trucks
DryvBy the Kid	Recommended	1.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/DryvBy/	Thank God I'm not a truck driver in real life.-Damaged property? [X]-Damaged truck? [X]-Speed violations? [X]-Ignoring mirrors to merge without a blinker? [X]-Backing up into traffic because a turn was missed? [X]-Pulling into a parking lot for delivery but unable to back up without jack knifing the trailer into a mess? [X]-Listening to good music and drifting into a ditch? [X]-Braking perfectly at stop signs? [X] <--Shocked me tooOverall? I had a blast driving around California and delivering crap to people.
Ducky	Recommended	77.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/UnderSheriff_X-120/	Awesome Trucker Game, Better than Euro Truck Sim
FlameTorcher	Recommended	384.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Vegeto705/	I love this game.. it is relaxing and make fanstay interesting.
lou_cprail	Recommended	80.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198040727058/	enjoying so far great game
elisha.teel	Recommended	26.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/elishateel22/	this is one of the most exciting games ever and is like real life, and the graphics are out of this world
jayzeejay58	Recommended	373.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jayzeejay/	hey guysi love this game so much!!! anyways i think you guys should bring in truck and dogs that are tippers and also make space at the hq for the trilers so you can see them when you come in and possabily hook up to them 2.
w0lfpack91	Recommended	48.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198064998891/	ATS is a very well thought out very well researched Game. SCS did alot to try and make the game as realistic as possible and could very well pass as legit to the common person. being a Professional Driver in the US, Formerly Over the Road, i have driven in all 4 released states in real life, several landmarks even truckstops are acurately depicted and geographicly correct such as a particular Petro Truck stop along I40 in new mexico where i had made several stops and rest breaks in real life. i often find myself looking off into the scenery and having flashbacks to the real locations as they are portrayed almost 100% accurate. ATS as stated is very well researched and fits along neatly within the scope of actual FMCSA laws and regulations, being a european company (SCS) they do make a few mistakes regarding laws portrayed in the game but TBH the FMCSA has so many regulations its hard to know them all. Overall id give it a 7/10 rating as the game itself is very well made and the map is extremly accurate often portraying several real locations with astronomical levels of detail and accuracy. its only fallbacks as of now are the lack of usable in game tractors limited to the 4 Paccar Flagship tractors (T680, W900, 379/389, an the 579)  and limited states released at the moment.
TroJaNu4U	Recommended	15.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/trojanu4u/	It's a good game :)
Giant Dragon Dildos	Recommended	63.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/bagofdongs/	I played and loved Euro Truck Sim, so naturally I enjoyed this.However, in my opinion, sometimes just looking at all the stock(?) images of people they used for the drivers you hire provide almost endless entertainment.
H3nry001	Recommended	315.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/h3nry001/	If you like Euro Truck Simulator 2, than you will definitely like American Truck Simulator. Improved and tweaked graphics, with some new gameplay. The quality and detail of the cities are extraordinary. Definitely recommended to you, the value and cost of the game Is reasonable and the content you’re given is reasonable and will be expanded and more will come. The rescale of the game making it similar to ETS2 has made the game even better.
AlNation1	Recommended	64.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198135480545/	ATS really shows how a laid back game can bring hours of fun. All you need is the game, a few hours, and your favorite tunes in the background. The map is a tad small, but in time they are sure to add more states. The day I can drive my truck through my city, New York City, the big apple, is the day I will reach utter bliss in this game. 10/10 Would drive the truck again
FarmingSniper	Recommended	473.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198299227811/	So much fun with friends
dingle	Recommended	42.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/dinglemynuts/	It's a great game to chill out and explore while listening to your favourite music and enduring the Australian summer heat by driving in snow.
dingle	Recommended	42.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/dinglemynuts/	It's a great game to chill out and explore while listening to your favourite music and enduring the Australian summer heat by driving in snow.
Braden Havens	Recommended	281.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198258608161/	I've played this game for a while and it was worth the money. i recommend this game to everyone. everything about it is amasing and the trucks are so detailed. im glad this game has so many good reviews and hope to see even more updates in the future. i rate this game five stars. i hope to see more trucks and trailers within new updates and hope to see more workshop mods.
OmittedVirus764	Recommended	979.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/OmittedVirus764/	Great Game!
AhocGaming	Recommended	55.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/AhocGaming/	This Game is woth your money 
Steljoy	Recommended	28.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Steljoy/	I Enjoyed this game a lot more than ETS2, It is fantastic. I am so glad I bought it!!
TroJaNu4U	Recommended	15.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/trojanu4u/	It's a good game :)
Penti	Recommended	31.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/smugcloud/	Hello. I am reviewing this game as it is required I review a game I nominated in the Autumn Sale of 2018. I selected this game under the "Most Fun With A Machine" Award category.  I am a proud American and I love driving a rig across the US of A. This game is a fine example of pure American Truckin'. It makes me feel like a trucker and I love it. I look forward to many more of these great states being released so that I may drive across them as a proud American trucker.  I stand strong in my beliefs and I believe this game deserves to win the Award for Most Fun With A Machine. God Bless the USA.
Natheer	Recommended	14.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/n4ri_natheer/	love it :3
michael03	Recommended	1,141.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198038248988/	Great game. I have really enjoyed it since it came out. Love that you can use modded trucks and trailers in game and now the NM DLC is getting ready to come out tomorrow. Cant wait to see what else will change as the game keeps getting better and better
Darrell	Recommended	1,313.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198257540298/	Pros - Great game, realsitic, etc etc, if your into ets2 then this is the game for you.Cons - Poorly optimised, even running this game with a high def pc this game lags and fps drops in citys...Not a lot of content but its early days.-Chrome is awful, since haulin days.Other than that its a great game but id advise anyone to install mulitplayer for pure giggles lol
michael03	Recommended	1,141.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198038248988/	Great game. I have really enjoyed it since it came out. Love that you can use modded trucks and trailers in game and now the NM DLC is getting ready to come out tomorrow. Cant wait to see what else will change as the game keeps getting better and better
Darrell	Recommended	1,313.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198257540298/	Pros - Great game, realsitic, etc etc, if your into ets2 then this is the game for you.Cons - Poorly optimised, even running this game with a high def pc this game lags and fps drops in citys...Not a lot of content but its early days.-Chrome is awful, since haulin days.Other than that its a great game but id advise anyone to install mulitplayer for pure giggles lol
Zecrunchofdestiny	Recommended	161.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198383715813/	Smoothest 10 fps of my life, no regrets
Odin	Recommended	107.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/zeoticus/	American Truck Simulator is very much like a reskinned Euro Truck Simulator 2, however there is something nice about driving a long ended truck in America, in deserts and big cities.
Azirus Gaming	Recommended	517.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/azirusgaming/	best truck simulator
Penti	Recommended	31.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/smugcloud/	Hello. I am reviewing this game as it is required I review a game I nominated in the Autumn Sale of 2018. I selected this game under the "Most Fun With A Machine" Award category.  I am a proud American and I love driving a rig across the US of A. This game is a fine example of pure American Truckin'. It makes me feel like a trucker and I love it. I look forward to many more of these great states being released so that I may drive across them as a proud American trucker.  I stand strong in my beliefs and I believe this game deserves to win the Award for Most Fun With A Machine. God Bless the USA.
rattle	Recommended	0.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/rattlebones/	F*** you Europe
Hammerheart	Recommended	43.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/hammerheartprofile/	Don't let the sound of your own wheel drive you crazy
ZygisRage	Recommended	16.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/zygisrage/	Nice game, similar to ETS2 but ATS has smaller map and too straight roads which is a big disadvantage.
ZWest1987	Recommended	302.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198400170304/	I have played other SCS trucking games and this is by far one of their best. I absolutely love this game and the level of details they put into the game and each DLC.
ZWest1987	Recommended	302.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198400170304/	I have played other SCS trucking games and this is by far one of their best. I absolutely love this game and the level of details they put into the game and each DLC.
Dragan007SRB	Recommended	83.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198178213335/	Very very good game ! :)
ShawN [playitordie.eu]	Recommended	27.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/shawnczek/	It is probably not that big as Euro Truck Simulator 2. However, it is still awesome and you will enjoy playing it! The game is seriously fun to play and you will enjoy it even more with all its DLC's which are worth as well!
Black Ghost GTR X	Recommended	169.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Virs59X/	When it comes to driving it is ATS or better know as American Truck Simulator Here's Why :1# Good Gameplay2# Good AI Control 3# Beautiful & Great Environment4# Amazing Graphics---------------------------------Cons : Could Us More Trucks And Bigger Map Update.Over all really good game.
Baloo Uriza	Recommended	198.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Baloo_Uriza/	All in all a very nicely done US followup to Euro Truck Simulator 2.  Probably could have been a little better researched, though, AFAICT, there's no 80 MPH limits outside Texas and some of the signage is a little funky, with freeway construction zones having noticably last-minute signage compared to the real world.  A few of the Interstate freeways have intersections (this is basically not something that exists in real life save for a few farm access points, and these have been mostly been changed to ramps even if they only serve one farm at this point).  But, it wouldn't surprise me if this gets worked out in a later update.
jarek.jellison	Not Recommended	95.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/MasterGaminDude/	Coming from 18 Wheels of Steel, this game was very promising. The thought of having all contiguous states (18 Wheels of Steel never included all states) and many cities within them besides major and capital cities, and having more detailed trucks and realistic driving dynamics was a seller for me. The concept of this game is perfect: a truck driving simulator based around America. The way this game is developed is where it all goes downhill. When this game was released, only TWO states were released: California and Nevada. Arizona soon followed after. However, each additional state that is coming out is payware DLC. Let me repeat that: EACH ADDITIONAL STATE. Not like each additional section of the map, no, one state at a time (so far). And the DLC in this game is not cheap, either. The whole idea of selling DLC this way just ruins the feel of this game, since there are only three states free, which makes everything very repetitive. Keep in mind when Euro Truck Simulator 2 was released, the whole map was available. THE WHOLE MAP. And if you wanted more, you could purchase the Scandinavian region or the Going East! expansion, which was reasonable. This, however, is not reasonable whatsoever, and will end up making this game cost way more than it really should. And as far as trucks go, it has been two years since this game came out, and we still have the same four trucks and two makes. Very stupid. It's quite obvious they rushed this game to be released early, and have everyone continuously pay to continuously complete the game. And keep in mind Canada and Mexico are planned to be included, which will most likely be payware. Very very expensive and honestly a worse concept of distribution. I don't understand why they went a different path than Euro Truck Simulator 2. I would much rather have them finish the development of all (or most if you absolutely HAVE to have DLC) contiguous states, then later on add Canada and Mexico as expansions. That would be more reasonable, but instead we get this. Shame.Overall, the concept of this game is great, I like that they are returning to America after a long time, and after the completely DISASTEROUS 18 Wheels of Steel Extreme Trucker and Extreme Trucker 2 releases. However, the development of this game, and the insane DLC concept they are using just ruins this game. As a result, I really do not recommend this game. The DLC turns this game from a great concept into big dollar sign, just like what most DLC does to other games, too.
Jamal	Recommended	75.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ensign_jamal/	I was hyped about this game, I had to stay all night to wait for its release.Everything in this game is the same as Euro Truck Simulator 2 (the leveling, skill tree, and jobs).The difference is:-You'll get a speeding ticket if you're speeding more than the limit and there's a police car on the road.-The map is smaller I think because it feels small or because there's only 2 states on the release.-Parking a trailer gets a bit harder the first time you try or if you've gotten used to ETS2 due to the long tractor-trailer.Since I've gotten used to ETS2, I would be turning a bit further than usual due to the long bonnet American trucks have, so I find it quite annoying adjusting to the gameplay. It doesn't really feel like another game SCS has made, it feels like more of a dlc for ETS2.Why do I think it is like a dlc?Reasons:-There are only 2 states, 1 more for free is being developed by SCS.-Only 2 trucks (Kenworth and Peterbilt).-It was a bit expensive for my region (well it's not really SCS's problem, it's my country's economic problem. I'll be paying the same in Dollars or Euros).-It feels imcomplete (I do not really know how to explain this but....... I had feelings like this while playing).-It's not polished (there were some bugs, but it doesn't occur that much.If only Steam gives an option of "meh" or a middle type of option rather than positive or negative. If you're an SCS fan like me, go ahead buy it or not it's your money and your choice to do so. If you're not a fan of SCS, I'd say you better wait for the sale of this game or not I don't really care about your decision, all I can do is give you that option of buy it on sale or not.I bought it early because I can't control the hype I had.(sorry for bad grammar, I has bad english and a proud asian).
Thunda	Not Recommended	19.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ItsThunda/	Okay, I'm sure, in the near future, this review will turn from negative to postitive, so keep that in mind when reading.As of right now, there just isn't enough content. Two trucks and a surprisingly small replication of California and Nevada is all you get. This will obviously increase, but I atleast expected a decent proportion of the US and a range of trucks on release.So, once things have been ironed out in terms of content, I will right a full comprehensive review of this game.For the meantime, it plays like ETS 2, looks like ETS 2, feels like ETS 2, basically it is ETS 2, just in America. This isn't a negative point, I love ETS 2. It runs well, looks good, cities included are detailed. Scale wise I have read it's pretty small but I don't live or have ever been to California or Nevada, and I don't live in the US.Basically, it's a functional game, and a good game, just wait for the content before you buy, I can't see my playing this a whole lot until an update is released.
DR | PY	Recommended	28.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/thesuhe/	you cant sleep? play this game..
Wolf XXVII	Recommended	589.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Wolf_XXVII/	Overall a very great game. Could use more trucks as there are only 3. It will be fun to see what SCS delivers after the Arizona DLC.
kAAz	Not Recommended	0.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jielff/	Absolutely minimal innovation. This is a $20.00 Expansion Pack for Euro Truck Simulator 2 that parades itself as a different game. The developers didn't put any creativity into this game. Absolutely terrible purchase. Do not buy this unless you either want to support the developers or would really buy $20.00 expansion pack for Euro Truck 2.I was told that they would innovate on this soon and that it was released before they could do everything they wanted to with it. Hopefully they do. If so, I'll update this review.
LORD CUNT	Recommended	21.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/GAYMANLICKER/	I was making a left turn and some♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥AI  plowed right into my trailer with a cop sitting and waiting behind him. Got fined for it. 
-=NoctǔrnalCloữd=-	Recommended	237.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/NocturnalCloudURL/	-[ Audience: ] - - -☑ Kids☐ Everyone above 18☐Casual players☑ Hardcore players☑ Pro players- - - [ Graphics/Animation: ] - - -☐ Potato☐ Really bad☐ Bad☐ OK☐ Good ☑ Beautiful☑ Masterpiece- - - [ Price/quality: ] - - -☐ Free☑ Full price☐ Wait for sale☐ Average☐ Refund it if you can☐ Don't do it- - - [ Requirments: ] - - -☐ A Potato☐ Minimum☐ Medium ☑ Fast☐High end ☐ NASA computer- - - [ Difficulty: ] - - -☐ You just need 2 arms ☐ Ez☑ Easy to learn / Hard to master ☑ Hard☐ Dark Souls- - - [ Game time/length ] - - -☐ Really short ( 0 - 2 hours)☐ Short ( 2 - 8 hours)☐ Few hours ( 8 - 12 hours)☑ Long ( 12+ hours)☑ Endless- - - [ Story] - - -☑ It doesn't have one☐ Not great☐ Decent☐ Average☐ Good☐ Fantastic- - - [ Bugs ] - - -☐ Game itself is one big BUG☐ Bugs destroying the game☐ Lot of bugs☑ Few Bugs☐ You can use them for a speedrun☐ Nothing (I've seen)
James Dunn	Not Recommended	0.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/quagtine/	I hate to rate this game down because I really had high hopes so let me tell you my reasoning. American Truck Simulator is essentially the same game as Euro Truck set in the USA as you have probably guessed at this point. The title menu, options- everything are the same. I was completely happy with this, if it ain't broke don't fix it. What shocked me when I got right into the game was just how empty it was. I jumped in expecting to deliver cargo around the entirity of the United States of America, and maybe discover a thing or two about the country over the pond but no. You are limited to a handful of states which I can could on a single hand (as of May 2018) and the truck selection is very basic. My problem with this game initially was that it felt like it could have been a huge expansion for Euro Truck Simulator and I still stand by that but now my overarching criticism is that the game feels like an early access game. ATS does not suffer from bugs that I can tell and seems to be in working order but I will not play this game again until it has more content. This was just worth the £3.70 I paid for it on sale but if the developers intend to work on this and add states over the years it HAS to be labelled early access. Though it is evident when looking at the DLC list that the developers intend to charge for states as they're released making ATS a cashgrab and something I don't want to be a part of- I think I'll stick with Euro Truck thanks.
Murcielago	Not Recommended	0.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/llmurcielagoll/	Right, so I have been playing American Truck Simulator. The idea itself is great, a change of pace from the European region to the U.S. However, we waited a long time only to find the sequel is pretty similar to Euro Truck Simulator 2 to the point I am beginning to think it is a re-skin with American made trucks and the map of the USA!My biggest concern for this game is that it sticks to the time consuming tedious skill point system as it takes HOURS upon HOURS to unlock stuff like longer distance driving, a larger variety of cargo and this is naming but a few. The gameplay and  seem exactly the same as ETS2.I am going to refund this game. Euro Truck received thumbs up from me because it was the first time I had played something like that and I loved it regardless of the long time grinding to make progress. But if the dev is adapting to "If it ain't broken why fix it" motto then count me out.
Laffe3070	Not Recommended	119.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198049509241/	Looking at the timer, I see that I've currently been waiting some 9 minutes for a traffic jam to clear up, or rather nine minutes since I've started the timer after I got sick waiting and started writing this.When it behaves, this game is quite serene and relaxing, not to mention addictive. The mechanics of the trucks is quite impressive. If only they would fix all the annoyances. 12 minutes. I mean, as a DLC to Euro truck simulator this would be ok, but as a separate game with a few years extra dev time I would expect a better experience.The addition of police cars seemed like a good idea at first, but the zero tolerance for speeding combined with there sixth sense for detecting speeding makes for an unpleasant experience. I'd like to see the real world cop that would accurately detect a 5 mph speeding in the rear view mirror. 15 minutes.And who the hell is fining me for hitting a red light when there is no one around? Once I actually got fined for backing out of an intersection when the light turned red, and it turns red freakishly fast. And how difficult would it be to add some logic to the traffic lights so I don't have to stop at every single intersection in a town?Less intelligent then the traffic light are the AI-drivers. So I've waited for 17 minutes before pausing the game (or else I would get fined for delayed delivery). There is a great tendency for deadlocks, sometimes cars are literally standing in a circle waiting for each other. When trying to get out of deadlocks it's not uncommon for other cars to crash into you. They could avoid it, they just don't try to. Seeing a car decisively running into your side at a steady 10 mph is somewhat fascinating at first, but it quickly gets old, especially if you get fined for it. Sometimes you don't get fined for crashes caused by others, but you never get compensation for any damage.And for some reason (or lack of it), all time estimates in the game seems to assume an average speed of ~38 mph, no matter what. Why? And what sort of bank only allows 4 fixed loan amounts?And for some reason (or lack of it), all time estimates in the game seems to assume an average speed of ~38 mph, no matter what. Why? And what sort of bank only allows 4 fixed loan amounts?
xÐoþe	Recommended	693.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/xDopeZ/	My playing hours say enough.
Swordfish	Not Recommended	256.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198000513881/	The A.I. is soo baaad, so many times I had literally zero chance to avoid the collision and I was fined...
WoogieMonsutā	Recommended	17,625.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/WoogieMonster/	http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=634023331Hauling 16 tons of explosive, GPS is directing me to a single-lane "rollercoaster" side-road. 10/10 The explosion is going to be glorious.
Namekujisennin	Recommended	24.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198040923434/	I have fallen in love with a road.Route 395: I'll get to the United States to meet you.Just need that driver license thing...More to the point: don't trust blindly anybody stating this is ETS with a smaller map. Experience it and then decide.It's love!
Unavez	Recommended	245.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/unavez/	This is one of my all time Fav Sim Games!! The graphics are great, the trucks are awesome, I love to see more truck variety like Volvo, Mack, LongStar etc...without using the mods available out there.  The maps are great, but wish they would release more states faster.  I love the DLCs and recommend this game for Truck and SIm lovers!
Barwiggle	Not Recommended	13.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/barwiggle/	I came to this game having loved playing ETS2 and having high hopes for a just-as-good SCS game. However, having put a few hours into ATS I cannot say the same for this version. I think it's something to do with the lack of variety in the landscape that you drive through in the game; rather than being in different European countries it is instead monotonous driving through desert-filled states. Also, having only two truck brands brings very little variety to truck customization, whereas in ETS2 you have atleast 5 different truck brands to choose from. There are some small aspects that do make the game better than ETS2, like having emergnecy service vehicles on the road that react to the environment (for example if a police car is nearby and you speed then sirens/lights will go off) and also having weighbridge checks which add a bit more realism, but these are dwarfed by the negatives.4/10
-Cyber Padre-	Not Recommended	33.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/At0micSilenCe/	so this game, its not bad, because its just Euro truck simulator 2 with another map and trucks, there is nothing new in this game, at least nothing that is worth it.here are some points that i thought about: 1. why are people in my company just making 500-1000 $ per job while i can make up to 7000$.2. why isn't there an option to just sleep like 2 hours instead of always 8, why are you not able to drink a coffe or a energy drink? to increase your sleep meter?sorry for any grammar mistakes. 
MTZIGG	Recommended	202.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198065746501/	Never knew work could be fun
☭Joeymurphy100☭	Recommended	35.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/joeymurphy100/	I think this game is a great truck simulator.It doesn’t lag and the graphics look good.There are lots of different roads to explore and lots of different deliveries to make. There are two states California and Nevada but you can get the Arizona DLC which is completely free!You can also get the New Mexico DLC which is £8.99 I personally think that instead of making a new DLC for each new state it should just be added to the main game. £14.99 is a lot of money for just 2 states (3 states if you add the Arizona DLC which is free). However i still recommend this game because if you love trucks and simulation games this is the game for you.
★ Ishtiaque_Ish7 ★	Recommended	11.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ishtiaque_ish7/	Quite good Simulator Game Like Euro Truck Simulator 2 :D
KoTuDzer	Recommended	0.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198209124869/	Normal simulator! You can explore America and deliver.
Thomasdavid097	Recommended	214.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Thomasdavid097/	good game, long roads to drive on, hours of fun in multiplayer with friends and much more.I would love to see longer trains, more paying jobs, rework on the workers allow us to fire more at a time other then firing 1 at a time hard when you got loads do more with the money we make as soon as you hit 100m it's pointless when there isn't much you can do with itallow us to start our own in-game company where our workers could work from.people request us to do jobs/quest for them, allowing us to make money/xp faster.
Syntackz	Recommended	300.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198083018835/	Its a good game. New Volvo looks great and i hope they bring many new trucks.
TheNorthernAlex	Recommended	368.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/thenorthernalex/	This game picks right off where the 18 WoS Franchise left off. If you are familiar with ETS 2 you feel right at home. But is ATS just a reskinned version of ETS 2?I think not, I think it is, while of course similar to ETS2, definitely its own game with its own strengths and weaknesses. I was amazed when I found out that you can float gears, that was something I was really hoping for and they realized it very well. I am excited to see where the franchise is going and what all we will see in the years to come. The King 18WoS is dead, long live the new King ATSOverall I think this game is a wonderful start for a new era of Simulated Trucking in the Americas. I salute you SCS, you did it. 
SMcG Gamer	Recommended	61.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/smcggamer/	Euro Truck Simulator 2 has crossed the Atlantic, and has retained all the features that make it one of the best simulators out there! Detailed, realistic trucks, amazing scenery, and a vast, complex road network.You really get the feeling you're in control of a big rig! SCS conveys the American experience really well with a whole host of new vehicles and scenic models. I highly reccommend :)
m_wadwell	Not Recommended	699.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198039618636/	After playing a lot of European Truck Simulator 2 (ETS2), I was looking forward to American Truck Simulator (ATS), however (at the current stage) is not up to the same standard as ETS2.Things such as, the change in city design (making larger cities, with more stop lights), the reduction in size of a majority of the non-highway roads, and the dramatic change in the economy (increase in fine size and decrease in income) has resulted in the game being a LOT less "fun" than ETS2.My recommendation, is to buy ETS 2 (and the two DLC's) for the same price as ATS, as you will be getting better value for money and a more enjoyable game.Later, Matt
M1_Stinger	Not Recommended	60.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198039111950/	As much as I anticipated this games release once it was announced, it has turned into a huge disappointment. I was hoping this would be a new game, but let’s be honest, it’s just a reskinned ETS2. If you were to take an alpha state ETS2 full conversion mod of the US(California), add a few new features, take away all the trucks but 2, forget to rescale the game for the sheer size of the US, and add overly aggressive police, then you have American Truck Simulator.All BS aside, it’s not ALL bad;Pros+ Feels more like being in civilization+ More realistic than ETS2+ More options to park trailers+ New places to deliver to aside from just industrial outskirts like ETS2+ Well optimized for Ultra settings @ 4K resolutionCons- Horrible scaling (most of western Europe can fit in 1/3 of the US, yet takes only 5 mins to drive from Barstow to Sacramento vs that same mileage in ETS2 taking 30-45 mins) *this has been fixed in a re-scale of the game*- Same 5-year-old ETS2 engine, which is already well outdated to begin with.  - Same ETS2 UI, Sounds, Physics, Graphics- Overly aggressive police (can be turned off). - No real changes or innovations over ETS2, despite ATS being far newer. - Weak day 1 release content (to be expected).-Abysmally slow development. It's been almost 2 years and we got 1 state and 1 new truck.Granted I understand this is a brand new game, so content will be lacking vs a game that has been built and refined for 4 years, but come on, seriously? A few cities? 2 trucks? Same exact engine that ETS2 was on? Couldn’t even at least change the UI to somewhat make it feel like a new game? I cannot recommend this game in its current state. ATS is a perfect example on how “DLC” has ruined the industry, allowing developers to give you only 30% of a game, then make up for it later with “DLC” instead of just spending the time to make the full game first. Save your money and get ETS2 instead. ATS might be worth a revisit 1-2 years down the line after 5-6 more DLC are released to finish the game, plus tons of content patches (which I do give props to SCS on actually), but not right now. ETS2 offers far more game for your money. This is a joke.**September 2017 UPDATE**Game still earns my NOT RECOMMENDED rating. Since launch, not much has changed or has been added. They did do a re-scale the game, which took 6 months of that time. However, since then, they have been talking about New Mexico as the next state, but now 7+ months since announcement, no NM. All states from Arizona onward will be paid DLC creating a bleak upfront cost of well over $500 which you are forced into if you actually want to drive around. Not to mention the 2064 completion year at the current development rate. This is a bit steep for an indie title, esp. compared to an ETS2 with only a $70 current as of writing this upfront price tag (Game+DLC).As far as the game itself goes, they HAVE added various QoL improvements since launch, but nothing that major and nothing the community was really asking for. They added Arizona as a free state (last and only free state) and 1 new truck from an already existing manufacturer. They don’t seem to be being enough to secure licenses for other manufactures like Freightliner, MACK, International and Volvo etc, which is odd seeing they already have a license with Volvo in ETS. It just seems more and more SCS bit off more than they could chew and were over ambitious in their attempt at ATS. ** September 2018 UPDATE**Still "NOT RECOMMENDED". It's been a whole year since I last updated this and low and behold, still nothing new to add. They finally did add New Mexico, which was just as barren and lifeless as I remember it in person. SO, a paid DLC to drive though nothingness, basically. Still no new trucks, no new anything. A few QoL updates pushed over from ETS 2 that's about it. They keep posting about Oregon, mainly to keep people interested. I'm sure it will be another NM dev cycle. At Least they are getting out of the wasteland Southwest and into more scenic states like Oregon and Washington, so that's a plus. ATS still a missed opportunity. They either need to stop development on ETS 2 and focus solely on their new IP ATS, or just stop all development on ATS and let it die, focusing solely on ETS 2. Pick one! A small studio trying to develop 2 IP's is not good or fair for either game. Still recommend ETS2 over this.
Daniel_Higginz	Recommended	117.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198035657854/	Product received for free
Crashitall2	Recommended	30.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198405394773/	i think this game is the best game they made yet you get to experience what its like to be a trucker and learn the mineuvers and be ready for future games
Absimilliard	Recommended	5.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/absimilliard/	Passed by a car blocked by 2 squad cars on both ends and a chopper flying above them."Oh so that's what that traffic was all about."Almost mowed the car in front of me because of the sudden stop.I forget this is just a game. 10/10 recommend. Plays different from ETS2, but same wonderful experience.
alfo	Recommended	14.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/-alfo-/	Worth every penny. 10/10 as always for SCS' work.
snake	Recommended	34.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/envyshit/	i fell in love with the environment
Bob SimulatorRadio.com	Recommended	292.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SR_DJBob/	A MUST GET game play is very good a i love the trucks. cant wait to see there this game goes
WLSN	Recommended	8.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/C4IIUM/	Overall, i would give this game a 7/10. It's a fun game but it lacks, in my opinion, the real feel of trucking out in the rural areas of America. You don't get the feeling of being sat in a powerful, 8-wheeler listening to some of the latest and greatest Drake tunes on the radio. Obviously, the game is not near finished, i mean, there is about 10 trucks in total and abround 3 states. I suspect the game will add more states and trucks and like they did in the Arizona DLC.  
haxex	Recommended	22.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198044608002/	Murica truck simulator 10/10 make america great again!!!
Damien09	Recommended	31.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Damien09/	if u fan ets  2 well this worthy maybe some not feel worthy  of the price ,when ats out with  price hike feel expensive but did scs developer been disapointed ? look how they be great keep ets 2 alive with dlc and updates
WolfAleron	Recommended	11.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/wolf_aleron/	American Freedom Simulator
✠***✌ΔβvΓn✌***✠	Not Recommended	59.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198048034277/	stupid ai that crash into you when you are driving about trying to make money , green lights that when you go through cars smash straight into you , good game exactly the same as euro truck 2 so i would not reccomend buying plus there is only 2 states and they will no doubt make you pay over the odds for them , so dont even think that 15 pound is cheap as the dlc will cost a fortune :P
WelshPixie	Recommended	139.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/welshpixie/	A lovely addition to the truck sim family to follow up Euro Truck Sim 2, which I also thoroughly enjoyed. It's great seeing the new game assets that are entirely different to those in ETS2 - new trucks obviously, but also a large range of new vehicles, new scenery props, new architecture, new road designs - and some fun things that enhance the ambience like helicopters, jets, shooting stars and flocking birds. There are some new mechanics too, including police cars that tag you with flashing lights and sirens when you get a fine for speeding/crossing red lights. The company extensively researches truck sounds and handling to give you a more genuine experience when driving the trucks, and they spend an inordinate amount of time getting the locations looking like their real-world counterparts (within the limits of the game), which is all very nice (and you can see side-by-side comparisons with Google Street View shots) - but the main reason I enjoy it is that it's just so damned relaxing. If you're looking for a serious, hard core driving sim with realistc crash physics, go play something else - this isn't that game. This is a casual game about driving a big truck around, taking in the scenery, listening to some music, and gradually building your trucking empire.
<removed>	Not Recommended	21.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198026452405/	SCS is, without question, my favorite company in gaming. Their "thank you for the 20 tons of sand" post was one of thegreatest moments in the history of video gaming. I will always love these guys.The graphics are not changed, the physics has not changed, the menu has not changed, visual damage trucks do not appear. This is a new game in 2016? 2 trucks, essentially the same state and 2, you serious?  for 2 years of developing I expected more than just 2 states and 2 trucks, shame on you SCS.Unfortunately this game has a rushed feeling. Its like that half of cheese burger your room-mate left in the back of the fridge. you know you wanna eat it, but a fresh warm cheese burger is so much better.There are 50 States in USA, great truck history. In American Truck simulator we have just two states ( 4% of USA map ) and TWO trucks . Omg. when I started game first time I felt like I playing demo version. But dont worry , DLC map coming soon! just 10€ each. Game is not wroth money at the moment. You should wait for dlc maps and buy complete version later. 3/10
Lone Tree Ridge Farms	Recommended	211.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Lone_Tree_Ridge_Farms/	Game is great, desighn company didnt live up to their promise, id only reccomend buying it on sale. I bought it day one and the game has been a huge dissapointment so far.
TerritorialRaptor	Recommended	357.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198143883902/	This has easily become my favorite game. While it's true there is less content in ATS than there is in ETS2, that will hopefully be changed in the not too distant future since SCS has announced they have a crew of about 40 people working on this game now. Before ATS came along, ETS2 was my favorite game. But ATS took that spot after the release of the New Mexico DLC. This game captures the feel of American roads like no other, and it gives you that urge to just go out and drive around the country and see new places. The scenery is amazing, and gives a good impression of what America's rural areas really look and feel like. The New Mexico DLC is what represents the game the best. For the first time, SCS has included small towns and villages along the roads. These are usually little more than scenery and have no delivery points, but it was something ETS2 and ATS lacked in the past. Where were all the smaller towns? Well, with New Mexico installed, they're there. The modding community for ATS is not quite as big for ETS2, but that will hopefully change in time. ATS's map is large, but it still needs a minimum of five for states before people will be happy with it. Right now, the only states available are California, Nevada, Arazona and New Mexico. Oregon is coming soon, but hopefully after that is Utah to help make the map a little more square and not shaped like an L so much. The major flaw of this game is the amount of routs you have available. If you're going from northern California to eastern New Mexico, you only really have one rout. You can mix it up a little if you need to by making the navigation take you along some side roads, but for the most part you only have one or two routs. I would say this is definitely worth buying at the end of the day.
Daughertyr45	Recommended	3,919.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198350814953/	IM A RETIRE TRUCK DRIVER  I DROVE FOR PRIME INC  , AND CELADON  AND USA TRUCKS  I LOVE AMERICA TRUCK SIMULATOR  I HAVE 18 WHEELES OF STEEL GAME  BUT THIS GAME ATS  IS ALOT BETTER  MORE REAL  AND FUN TO DRIVE  I WISH SCS WOULD CB  RADIOS  IN THERE TRUCKS AND HAVE REAL CB RADIO CHATTER ON THEM  AND PUT REAL TRUCK STOPS IN THE GAME LIKE  PETRO  AND TA TRUCK STOP AND LOVES AND PILOT  THAT BE MORE REAL  TO THE GAME AND ADD MORE STATES  AND MORE TRUCKS  LIKE FRIGHTLINER   I HOPE THEY WILL ONE DAY  AND BE COOL IF THEY CAN ADD REAL RESTAURANTS  LIKE TACO BELL AND BURGER KING  AND MC DONALDS  AND WENYS  IN THE GAME THAT BE COOL MAKE IT MORE REAL  IN THE GAME  !!!!
~u~ DJ Rich	Recommended	383.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198196606030/	This is the best and most realistic simulation game. I would highly recommend it to anyone who likes trucking.
Extreme Machine	Recommended	500.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198131240737/	-Starts Driving-Hits Wall-Hits Tree-Hits Car-Hits Something Else-Hits Another Truck-Runs Someone Over-Makes It Out Of LA-Gets To Fresno, Hitting Everything-Delivers The Food-Gets 0 XP-GREAT GAME
rilzi	Not Recommended	17.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197985169161/	American Truck Sim is a fine game - if you like Euro Truck Sim 2, you'll enjoy this just as much. But honestly, Euro Truck Sim 2 is the far better game of the series. It has much more land to traverse, much more trucks to drive, and as it's been around a lot longer, more mods and dlcs to get. And that's the biggest problem with this game - there's just not enough of it: Only 3 states - an extra 1 as paid dlc;2 truck makes, each with 2 models;I've played about 20 odd hours, and seen pretty much all there is to see in the game - I'm happy enough to go back to playing Euro Truck Sim. Maybe in a few more years American Truck Simulator will catch up with Euro Truck Sim 2, but until then you may as well stick with it unless you really want to truck around America, or have an love for the long nose style American trucks.
Spanky Pie	Recommended	36.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SpankyPie/	America is grim enough, let's all just truck along!
DriverStein	Recommended	279.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/DriverStein/	Without question one of the best simulators ever,very cheap,amazing graphics,way better optimized as ETS2,my fav game!
harrygoozee	Recommended	202.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/harrygoozee/	Only played this game for seven hours so far, but so far I'm not dissapointed. I did worry about the amount of content in the game compared to ETS2 at first. I have thousands of hours in ETS2 so ATS felt right at home. All the menus are the same, but slightly redesigned. The map might seem small, but it's still 1300km to cross the map which takes a good half hour.There are only three trucks at the moment and customisation is limited, but I'm sure that more will be added and the Volvo has already been confirmed by SCS.
VelociraptorLord	Recommended	448.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198277587494/	It's a simulator, where you can drive trucks, in America. Why not?
mundis12	Recommended	30.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198112378864/	It has a good game a little resemblance to the ETS2. Like that you can enjoy playing with the steering wheel.
Jim	Recommended	42.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197975062380/	I've spent a good amount of time on ATS. Even more on ETS2.It's a solid game but the gaming studio still need time to add map DLC.You'll get a good few hours of fun out of this game but you will soon run out of things to do.Hopefully as time goes on more trucks will be added as currently you are pinned to 2 types.When the DLC's get added / game gets updated I will be playing this game alot more!
briman44	Recommended	172.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198047866376/	Nothing but respect for this company and a game that just keeps getting better.
dadsNEEDdabs	Recommended	119.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/dvdp1aya/	$5 is a STEAL.  Especially if you have a VIVE or Oculus Rift.This is definitely one of my favorite VR games to play.I first played Euro Truck Sim 2 on DK2 Oculus and now ATS is playable on VIVE.There is a multiplayer mod you can get but sadly doesn't work with VR.It definitely looks like a videogame but DAMN it really captures the reality of being on the road.  Looking both directions before crossing is such a weird and realistic feeling.I think ATS is better than ETS2.  There are more people walking around.  (and they don't disappear!)  There's even a skatepark with little dudes skating on miniramps.  Huge improvement over ETS2 IMO.There's a few video options you NEED to adjust in the file, which requires decent computer knowledge.  Just check Steam community hub discussions.There's also a warning that says this game isn't VR but you ignore that and it launches right into VR.  So don't expect to launch on Steam VR.  Just use the desktop+mouse.I refuse to use mods now because they caused me to lose my entire first career of 8+ hours.(it was only a mod to change pedestrian cars!)It's fine, I'll live.Controller is fine but it's 3x better with a steering wheel.
Kamry W. Civ-820	Recommended	159.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/RealUnlimited/	Great game! I'd have to say it has the best NPCs out of every single game in the world! Amazing animations, great drivers, that's definitely a plus! I love the game. Only suggestion I'd have to say is add more trucks and map to drive on.
Autistic Noodle Hair Man	Recommended	707.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198072614868/	One of the best simulation games I've played in quite awhile. I love the open road feel to it and the way it brings back the old time trucking feel. I can't wait till they add more states. Definitely recommended.
Obi Van Kenobi	Recommended	26.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198046928969/	Yet another Truck Simulator.This game is like Euro Truck Simulator 2, only American.Same gameplay, same economics and same graphics...But. It's american, dude! There is no place for litres, kilometers and tonns. There are galons, miles and pounds.All these american desert sceneries - ruined trucks and buildings, desert and mountains. Not your fresh, green and shiny Europe.And capot trucks. They are amazing. Engine sound just charming - big engine rocks as it should.Should it be just an DLC to ETS 2? May be.Anyway - it is a worthy revamp of a game.
Just_AHD	Recommended	193.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/just_ahd/	Fun game :D
Fade49	Recommended	34.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198236188348/	It's an extremely relaxing game to play after a busy day. The developers are very enthusiastic about the game and try to make deliveries and game mechanics as realistic as possible
Viva Max Channel	Recommended	12.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/VivaMaxChannel/	10/10!
PilotMan	Recommended	121.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198154414120/	I first pirated this game since I was very skeptical of Simulators like these that takes the name of American Truck Simulator for that name is only for 18 Wheels of Steel Long Haul buuut then I played and saw the potential this game has. Though there was only one state when I pirated it(Though I did kept on updating it with new pirates as high as New Mexico DLC)I was shocked at the amount of time they put into making sure every notable monument was there for you to look at and then I proceeded to play this game in the entirety of my 4th Junior High along with Company of Heroes. But now I am a flysoyboy with some cash and thought of wasting some on buying the game and man am still giving hours to it. Not to long now and the road will take me.
Brendansports	Recommended	20.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/aabrendansports/	I literally stayed in the menu..Just to listen to the radio station playing Hotline Bling10/10 high quality music from drake
Coal_Bucket_Outlaw	Recommended	990.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198124284195/	The best truck sim!
✪HeSam_ShaDoW	Recommended	39.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/GuardiaN_1s/	best american truck simulator i ever played
sleep	Recommended	8.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/lovetosleepp/	<3
flep	Not Recommended	16.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/flep/	I badly wanted to like this game, and I really like SCS and understand they are a small company with lmited resoucers. But I just can't ignore the problems this game has:- Nothing really new compared to ETS2. The exaclty same UI is hard to ignore. The performance seems optimized but that's it, nothing new was introduced. Still terrible A.I / shimmering effect on fences / poles / anything vertical.- The A.I is still the same terrible one from ETS2- No "open window" feature despite many requests over the years- No "smoke" on trucks, something umbelivable since 18WS had smokes 10 years ago.- I get it that the scale had to be smaller than ETS2 as U.S is really big, but as pointed out for many US players, they went too far on a 1:34 scale. A lot of stuff feels off and everything is rushed- Jesus Christ what is going on with the fine costs? Was forced to disable it- Was really not a good idea to launch a game with such a small scale with only 2 states.In the end, the feeling that ATS should be at maximum an ETS2 Expansion is really strong.And despite it costing a lower price on US, they didn't customized the cost for other countries so it's costing close to full / AAA games in many stores. It just doesn't worth it. 
DeLight	Not Recommended	6.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198158689587/	i'm a fan of Euro Truck Simulator 2 and compare ATS to ETS2, they are so familiar on gaming experience, but ATS is lack of a lot of stuff. currently only 2 brands of truck, 1 style each, and map is too small. i can't recommend this game at this stage, game is obviously in too early stage, if you already owned ETS2 there's no need to rush for this one, just sit back and wait for some update news.
TheScaniaBeast	Recommended	164.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198120733385/	A very good, well modeled game with nice truck models and a very well detailed map. Great game, would recommend it!
Graham Watkins	Recommended	97.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198059510220/	Over 40 hours and still no hookers...
CoolJ9480	Not Recommended	441.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197964186135/	As you can see I have spent some time on this simulator. While I enjoyed the first few months the sim quickly became repetitive. I found myself counting the minutes until the next DLC. So far it seems that a new state is added every 10 months. So that gives you 10 months to drive around a state that you will have seen all in one month. Leaving 9 months of the same. By itself that may not be such an issue, but combine that with the same two truck dealers you have had since day one and the joy starts to disappear.According to Steam about 800,000 people own this sim. However, this sim only averages about 3700 players a day. The daily number spikes a little with each patch or DLC. These numbers reinforce my opinion related to the pace of development. It seems that most users lose interests in this sim well before DLC releases. But we keep coming back with high hopes, only to be greeted with the same cycle. Play for a few weeks, wait for the next DLC.If you enjoy experiencing a variety of trucks and challenging drives through the mountains of Oregon or Utah this game is not for you.I you enjoy driving through the desert states of the southwest with the same truck for two years than this is the game for you.I had high hopes for this sim but it appears that the devs are going in a different direction than I had hoped. To be fair there are trucks in the workshop but they just don't compare to what is officially offered.I have no complaints about the gameplay, sound, or visuals. SCS had done a great job with that. It is just missing that thing that keeps you coming back. That thing that keeps you interested and challenged. Variety
Carper	Recommended	283.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Carper195/	With the new add-ons and DLC, it is becoming a much better game. Definitely needs to have more trucks though!
lovinglife139	Recommended	58.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/lovinglife139/	SCS Software has done it again.After the surprise massive hit that was Euro Truck Simulator 2, the developers decided to try their hand at expanding the trucking simulation game over to the good ol' US of A. I bought Euro Truck Simulator 2 on sale for $4.99 quite some time ago and have spent over 100 hours in it, as many have--it is one of those games I feel immensely guilty for buying on sale because of the quality of content and the massive enjoyment I get out of it. It is one of my top played games on Steam, and I currently own over 1,000 of them. It is also the only game I've ever bought DLC for (that wasn't part of the original package). In saying that, I own thousands of digital games (not just through Steam or even PC) and American Truck Simulator is the first digital game I've ever bought at full price (or at launch, for that matter).American Truck Simulator is one of the few games that lives up to the "simulator" title. It is a top notch simulation game where you must work your way up from an employee that drives trucks for other companies to a trucking business owner with dozens or more of drivers that report directly to you and make you income. It is a game that will scratch your simulation/business management/love of driving/relaxation itch all at once. This is not a stressful game. Quite the opposite, in fact. This is one of those games that you can zone out while playing and relax your mind after a stressful day. Everything about it has been meant to be relaxing, and it succeeds tremendously (even missing a loan payment earns you a politely worded letter from the bank telling you they'll extend the extra credit toward you free for a few days until you can pay them back).The game works with various controllers, from a 360 gamepad (which I use) to wheels and such if you're interested. It also looks beautiful on higher end PCs, though I prefer running it on my old non-gaming laptop for a small sacrifice in graphics quality, and it runs just fine. It launched at a $19.99 full price, which shocked me. I would have gladly paid $59.99 for this. I go by the $1.00 per hour of gameplay rule, and as you can see, I've already gotten more than my money's worth within the first week of launch. The game at launch includes two trucks (more to be added for free later on as they sort out licensing for those truck brands who doubted the game's viability) and two states, California and Nevada. In over 20 hours of gameplay, I have not discovered all cities yet and have covered about 50% of the map.There are some concerns over the amount of content the game was launched with, or the idea that American Truck Simulator should have been launched as DLC for ETS2. I disagree with this idea. ETS2 was released in 2012 and is still being actively updated with DLC and free updates (including new trucks, paint jobs, etc.). I personally like having the two separate, and the fact that ATS was released for so cheap makes it almost comparable to the price of DLC to begin with. I have followed the game's development since it was announced a long while ago--I know the work SCS Software has put in to put loving detail into this game. I've read the updates where they've written how they've travelled out to record the audio of engines and carefully map the dimensions of the interiors and exteriors of various trucks, for one example. This is one developer that has built up trust with me, and this comes in a time of corruption from AAA publishers and the media that covers them alike.Finally, what are some of my complaints? I only have two, and one isn't really a complaint. For one thing, while the environments are already vast and varied compared to ETS2 (you now have deserts, farmland, oceanside, big cities like Los Angeles and Las Vegas, and even what I assume is a redwood forest), I do wish there was a way to have a taste of everything America has to offer in this. We have so many various landscapes here (mountains, forests, deserts, grasslands, swamps, beaches) that it's a little sad that we'll have to wait as the game is expanded over the years to reach them. My last complaint (and only real one) is that the speeding system in this is overbearing compared to ETS2. I see more cop cars in an hour of playing this game than I usually see in weeks of real life driving, and they can insta-ticket you for going 31 in a 30 speed zone, for example. It happens so frequently (particularly starting out when you're getting used to the roads and the system) that the resulting fees can cripple a newfound business owner. The only fix for this that I've found is driving at night versus the day-time, when traffic overall is lower and thus fewer cop cars are roaming about.Overall, I highly recommend that everyone try this game out (they released a demo today). It won't be everyone's cup of tea, but for people who like simulation games, driving games, or even just let-loose-and-relax games, American Truck Simulator can't really be beat. This was my most looked forward to game of 2016, and I'm not disappointed. I look forward to playing the game as it grows and expands for years to come.Edit 4/29/2016: I've noticed that an abnormal percentage of people have marked this review as unhelpful. As I always try my best to cover all aspects of a game in a review to be helpful to potential consumers, I would appreciate any comments on my review letting me know the information I've left out, or any questions you have about the game which my review left unanswered. I will update the review as applicable. Thank you!
Sanitäter	Recommended	190.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198273743650/	I get so into the game that I think it's night in real life when it's only night in the game.10/10
mpegforever	Recommended	70.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mpegforever/	This is a great game.I still play ETS2 , play this as well. Graphically I prefer this. Mod manager works great. Trucks are beautiful. I make lots of screenshots.Super super !
Veggies	Not Recommended	19.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198118327234/	As of Feburary 3rd, 2016. I would recommend this game to nobody, instead, I would recommend them to ETS2, or a game with more content for that matter, here is my reasoning.Oh, and for the record, I would've easily waited 3-6 more months if we had make a couple more states and some actual polishing. I plan on playing ETS2 now for 3-6 to help compensate for this.-The content is so small. I've gotten to all the towns within 4 hours of play. -There is only 2 trucks, I saw the blog post about this, but honestly, just make the fake names like how it was done in ETS2.-This feels like a DLC rather than an actual game. It's a re-skined version of ETS2.-The highways are 2 lanes or 3 (both ways). Last time I went to America, it's a 5-10 lane highway (both ways). I really hope they can some implement this in the next couple states, or at least fix the highways already.-The cop presence is high, it was a little annoying at the start because of how I could go 1mph over the limit and it would still go, just a little more sensitive than ETS2.-The AI is horribly wrong, honestly SCS, what's up with the right left turns on red and merging? Left-turns are okay, but can be improved upon.-The map is unrealistic, it's like this, get a job, go on interstate for literally 5 mintues, exit, drop off load, repeat. This whole process could take 10 minutes.-Truck customization is extremely limited.-As an AMD user with an MSI R9 290, I am getting some performance messes, even outside the cities. I've only noticed 2 of these, so it's minor, but noticeable.I will update this later on, but in the mean time, SCS, please polish your game and add more content.
HowDoYouLikeDemApples	Not Recommended	1.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198184553738/	The game only has two states and two trucks. I know some trucks and states (like Arizona) will be added for free, but most states will be paid for. I'd be okay with this, if the game was not already too small. It takes four real life hours to drive from Los Angeles to Las Vegas. Yes, I know the game is compressed because nobody wants to drive somewhere for four hours when they could do the same thing in real life, but it shouldn't take less than 20 minutes. If I can drive from Los Angeles to Las Vegas in 20 minutes, how long will it take to explore the entire game? The game claims it takes five in-game hours from LA to LV, but a five hour trip in Euro Truck Simulator 2 took an more than an hour in real-life. This game is obviously incomplete and released too early. The lack of content is to tempt you into buying more DLC once it comes out, which is just dispicable. The game is fun, but it's not worth $20 when for just a few more dollars, you can get more content with Euro Truck Simulator 2. I was hugely disappointed in American Truck Simulator.Also, not only is the game's UI and menu identical to ETS2, the geography is wrong. San Francisco, Oakland, and Oxnard are in the wrong place. If the game want to be taken seriously as a realistic simulator, it needs to have correct geography and not take 20 minutes to make a four hour journey.
batkiddobro	Recommended	31.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198086173016/	If you want to drive a truck, but "don't" have a drivers license, hehe. this game is for you.
Citigroup	Recommended	148.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/tronaldjdump/	Great game but slightly bugged. One bug somehow got me $14 million in the game so if you'll excuse me I'm gonna go buy up every garage and fill it with Peterbilts.
Mike	Recommended	573.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198066110194/	First of all this game is based on ETS2 and I played ETS2 a lot. Now ATS has been released and I didn't play ETS2 since ATS...ATS is a slightly improved ETS2 taken to the US. And although it is based on ETS2 (which is very obvious from time to time e.g. the UI) it feels like a succesor, like progress and it feels like America should. The scale was changed, so that we have  more compressed map and time which does not break the feeling unless you played ETS2 right before playing ATS.It features California and Nevada and someday we'll have the whole US in the game. The 3 featured trucks were made with the standards of ETS2 trucks. You'll feel how different they are (from each other and from the ETS2 trucks).The map quality is at least as good as ETS2's Scandinavia map expansion and features a lot of little details making it feel more alive.  After playing over a 100 hours I can recommend this to people that are interested in driving trucks through America the beautiful...
D13	Not Recommended	46.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/deathmelodic/	Bought ATS to support ACS, but the quality of this game is nothing more than a map DLC including 3 trucks mods.In fact, vanilla map is just unacceptable, too much bloom & yellow color, people said "it looks better than ETS2 huh?" Think again with Promods 2.x, Piva weather & Fael Realistic Environment, I bet ATS looks like crap comparing to that. Plus: they are FREE though.At this stage of ATS I couldn't recommend it. Try it if you're still tempting, but grab ETS2 with Promods, Piva weather & Fael Env, and never look back at this ♥♥♥♥. You can as well get the American trucks mods to ETS. Seriously, what's the point of ATS? Seems like a TSM Africa map lol, what a joke. And btw, stupid fines and sudden speed tickets will♥♥♥♥♥♥you off lol.
GussiePotato	Not Recommended	2.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/BubbsTubbs/	I find the graphics to be sub par.  I have everything cranked up to maximum but feel like it is not as crisp or clean as some of the main stream titles out there.  I dont want to feel like I am just driving around GTA in a truck, with worse graphics, which is kind of what it feels like.  All in all kind of a disappointment after all the hoopla and build up for its release.
SongSungBlue	Not Recommended	46.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SongSungBlue5910/	Having over 15 years as a company driver and owner operaitor before retiring I have to say this game brings back a lot of memories. Though I found a lot of things that are not close to being realistic, this game offers a variety of things I have seen that are. For one I found the graphics in this game better then what is in the real million dollar (plus) simulaitor I've had the privilage to use on more then one occasion and I like the way this game gives a very small taste of some of the realisticly hard places to get in and out of and a little of what real truckers may encounter during a trip. I'd also like to mention the fact that for what you get in this game I feel is very reasonably priced do to the fact that everything that is left out such as pre-trip inspection, log books, dealing wit dispatchers and brokers and even the creativity involved in finding a place to park in a truckstop after dark would all cost the developers more time and lead to a much higher initial cost to the gamming community. With all that being said, The biggest draw back to this game is that even though it can be played with a keyboard and mouse it is very difficult and somewhat tireing as both hands a kept busy all the time as you are constantly pressing keys to correct steering with one hand and with your other you are ajusting camera angles, operaitng turn indicators, and a ton of other tasks. Breaking is another difficult thing to master with a keyboard as if you leave your finger on the break button a millisecound to long, You will stop dead in the road or sidewalk, whichever you may be driving on at the time. One really needs a gaming steering wheel and pedel set up. This would defenitly improve a players gamming experiance and I think should be listed as a recommendation under the system requirments. I am currently using a mouse ,Keyboard and Logitech flight stick (to help with smoother steering but even that gets old fast and I am only commpleteing 3-4 trips a day before movig on to a more casual game. So in closing I just want to say if your thinking about purchesing this game, you may wish to consider the computer hardwear I mentiond first, that is if you can afford the expence, otherwise you may feel a tiny bit disapointed as I do.
fyzz08	Recommended	280.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/fyzz08/	Vroom vroom with big trucks.
LeXoRiA	Recommended	226.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/LeXoRiA/	Decide to relax. Drive around Europe.Get bored. Try to finish current job. Get tired.Decide to relax.Close ETS2.Start ATS.Drive around US.Get bored. Try to finish current job. Get tired.Repeat.9/10 would play. 
fyzz08	Recommended	280.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/fyzz08/	Vroom vroom with big trucks.
James	Recommended	61.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jamesmaccount/	American Truck is an amazing game with high queality graphics they need to expand the map quicker bc people are getting anoyed but its an amazing game with a secret race track. The details on the trucks and other object are very good i recommend this game to everyone.
Trucker Judd	Recommended	4.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198006883043/	 One of the best truck games out there, still not close to the real thing. The scenery is rather detailed and matches the locations. Yet the roads and map still feel limited on where you can go with the routes.  My controller works well but a wheel would probably suit this game best.
LeXoRiA	Recommended	226.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/LeXoRiA/	Decide to relax. Drive around Europe.Get bored. Try to finish current job. Get tired.Decide to relax.Close ETS2.Start ATS.Drive around US.Get bored. Try to finish current job. Get tired.Repeat.9/10 would play. 
comminsar	Recommended	5.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/comminsar/	Why are these games so ♥♥♥♥ing fun?!!!!!
williamjr88	Recommended	17.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/williamjr88/	Getting kicked 3 times in the matter of 5 minutes for not having my headlights on is pretty fun. Once when I just fired up the game and didn't realize. Once when I was pulling into a garage with the lights on and as a result of entering the garage they turned off. Then one final time when it looked to be enough daylight outside and I wasn't paying attention to the lower part of the screen. Mmmm what a welcoming feeling. The single player of this game is amazing, without a doubt (which.. is what most people buy it for. Surprise there's also online.) Trucking with traffic in notable cities in the US is rather amazing and is extremely immersive in this game. I've even considered picking up a trucking occupation as a result of playing this as much as I have (from ETS to this.) The game is well put together and would be fun for anyone looking for what the title is selling you. The online part.. oh boy. Due to the fact that TruckersMP isn't really connected to American Truck Simulator, I'm still giving it a thumbs up. But if it were a major piece to the game.. oh man. I used to ride around all the time on TruckersMP casually with friends and would have a blast. Basic rules to follow to keep out trolls, laid back admins. Great stuff. But their recent changes have made it pretty much North Korean Truck Simulator Online. From server issues kicking me out randomly, to being kicked out for not having my headlights on at DUSK, it's pretty much a hammer down automated system now and it's no where near as casual and as fun as it used to be. I understand part of the immersion is the simulation part of the game and enforcing the rules as hard as they are.. help the immersion. But it's cut throat and there is no wiggle room. It's frankly ridiculous and as a result of the changes I will not be back anytime soon. I COMPLETELY RECOMMEND THE GAME, but the online portion is something to stray away from. Atleast for right now.
FreeOreos	Recommended	0.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/FreeOreos/	Hell ya broter Kkona
Brickle[OG]	Recommended	14.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/austinbrickle/	10/10 would get made fun of by my friends for playing again.For real though, great game if you're into this kind of thing. Needs a lot more states to be comparable to ETS2, but it's a good start.
Ebins	Not Recommended	919.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198059928870/	Update: SCS has come out with the map re-scale. However, it is in BETA, and as such there are some bugs and design inconsistencies. Therefore, I will not do a review on this nor change my rating until the map is fully supported. I believe that is only fair to the game designers. Positives: - Trucking in America- If you're looking for relatively fast deliveries, this is the game for you- Picking up and dropping off trailers is much harder than in ETS2. The trailers and trucks are larger, and the maneuvering space much tighter- Modding communityNegatives:- Much smaller map scale in comparison to ETS2- Limited number of models of trucks to purchase- Very limited stock choices for truck customization- No significant updates to graphics- Very slow release of significant updates to the game by SCS- Many of the routes become repetitive due to the small scale of the mapUpdated 11/2/1016 - SCS has finally added a new truck design, the Peterbuilt 389. Now this is the beast I've always thought about when it comes to American trucking. Huge, powerful, noisey - hey, it can't be beat! Thank you SCS for adding it. Now I'm just waiting on the long promised map rescale.------SCS's American Truck Simulator (now on referred to as ATS) is a fun little game for the first few hours. After that, it becomes rather monotonous. Billed as the sibling to European Truck Simulator 2 (ETS2), on the surface it seems to be the case. However, scratch said surface and you will find stark differences. The first thing one notices is how small the maps actually are. In ETS2, the distances feel real, and a 19 hour delivery really feels like one. However in ATS, the distances are extremely scaled down. The same 19 hour distance feels like a short jaunt. A side effect of this is that the main routes become common place and thus quickly end up being rather boring.The next issue is the lack of truck designs to purchase. Compared to it's older sibling, the choices the player has in trucks are very limited. (Update: as of 11/2/2016, SCS added the Peterbuilt 389 free to owners of ATS) To make matters worse, stock truck customization is extremely bare bones. I remember when I first played the game, I eagerly anticipated leveling up so that I could unlock more customizations. I was sadly disappointed to find out that there were hardly any at all. Now to be fair, SCS has added a few (namely tire customization), yet that was also applied to ETS2, so there really wasn't anything extra special for ATS. They have also added steering wheel customization (very basic), but again that was shard cross platform.Another issue is the graphic quality of the game. It seems that they used the same engine on ATS as that which was already present on the years old ETS2. So in essence, one could almost consider ATS as a stand alone ETS2 DLC. As an example of how outdated the graphics are, a friend of mine recently saw me playing and commented on the "legacy graphics" he witnessed. I also find SCS's speed of delivery on important updates equivalent to molasses running downhill on a cold day in winter. They promised a few months ago that they were working on a re-scale of the playable map to make it more like ETS2. This was due to the playing community's justifiable outcry. However, other than a few screen shots, they have produced nothing. Indeed, at the time of this review, the last status update (a few screenshots) they had given was on September 5th, almost a month and a half ago. They also claimed that due to successful sales of their products, they were able to hire a larger team of developers. However, one would not be faulted to wonder if they simply hired playful primates. Is it one developer and a monkey working on these updates? SCS is extremely quiet concerning this.The player community has also been constantly begging SCS for new truck models, and at first, SCS seemed to indicate that they were pursuing licenses for them. However, it has been an extremely long time since they have mentioned anything in regards to it, causing one to wonder if they have silently abandoned all effort in the matter. (Update: as of 11/2/2016, SCS added the Peterbuilt 389 free to owners of ATS)The one huge offering that ATS has is its modding support. What makes the game enjoyable for many players is the numerous mods that game enthusiasts have created (lighting, weather, mechanics, new truck models, map revamps, etc.). If it weren't for these, I honestly wonder if ATS would be as popular as it is today (other than fanboys who'll support the game no matter what). As someone who has played well over 200 hours in ATS, and who has at times really enjoyed it, I am forced to decide whether of not I would recommend this to a friend for purchase. When it comes down to it, I cannot recommend it at it's full price. Perhaps when it goes on sale for around $5, then I'd say to grab it up. However, as the product is today, the slow speed of development and updates by SCS, the sub par graphic quality, lack of truck choices, and a few other issues, I really don't think it's worth the full asking price.In the end, I give it 3.5/5 stars. It has it's fun moments, and has potential. You really do feel like you're driving a truck (as long as you have the correct mods installed), and at first the routes are fun to drive. Unfortunately, it turns repetitive awfully fast.(note: I have changed my review score from a 3/5 to a 3.5/5. The reason being is the release of the Peterbuilt 389 on 11/3/2016. Why not any higher? While I am thankful that there is one more truck model to drive, it still does not address the fact that the maps scale is quite small, nor the lack ot stock truck customization. It also does not address graphic quality nor speed of significant updates. I still cannot recommend this game at its non-sale price as no new truck model will salvage the game from the primary issues I have already documented. Map rescale will greately change my recommendation, and one can only hope that it happens soon.)* - If/when SCS updates the game, I will also update my review
Spectre	Recommended	30.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Spectre267/	I didn't see a single Swift Transportation driver causing apocalyptic mayhem and destruction.1/10 very unrealistic
Blowzart	Not Recommended	0.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Blowzart/	The game has next to no content compared to Euro Truck Simulator 2 (ETS2). I purchased it after reading raving reviews about how it was just like ETS2, but it had a different atmosphere and better graphics. Yet there are only two truck manufacturers, and the amount of road you can explore is a joke. There is the same amount of road in France and Germany alone for ETS2. For the price of this game, definitely not worth buying such a limited experience. Especially not since the two expansions, New Mexico and Oregon, are 12 dollars each. Please do not waste your money if you're not a really die hard fan and wouldn't mind the comparatively small amount of content.
Ts3ARocks	Not Recommended	144.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Ts3ARocks/	Game is not finished right now. It needs way more content that it currently has. Not saying it's a bad game but now it does not offer alot for the money. Comparing it with ETS2 is like comparing a sandwich to a 5 course meal.Not saying it won't be worth it in the future, just not worth it right now.
Ariurotl	Not Recommended	217.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ariurotl/	I'll be brief: compared to ETS2, this game has the following new features AT RELEASE:- New map of two US states: California and Nevada.- Police cars drive around and serve as mobile speed traps. No more careless speeding between speed traps.- Two new American trucks. Two is also the total number of trucks you can drive in the game at release. Read it: 2. TWO.- New traffic models, replacing European cars with American ones.- Some minor parking tweaks.- It has helicopters, blimps and crop dusters flying around. Crop dusters are cool.- It has weigh-in stations, which are basically the same annoying toll booths, but you don't pay.That's it. That's the exhaustive list of innovations. ATS has the same interface, the same progression, the same skill system, the same loan system, the same messages, the same tutorial, the same graphics (it doesn't look better than ETS2 at all), even THE SAME MENU MUSIC. Everything is the same. Except it's in America, and with fewer trucks.This is a very well done, very pretty, and very expensive (all things considered) OFFICIAL MOD for Euro Truck Simulator 2.Get it if you're okay with more of the same in new, less diverse environment. Otherwise, stay away. At least, for now. SCS will probably (read: definitely) add more trucks and areas eventually, but I seriously doubt the experience will be much different.
Ssuryc	Not Recommended	0.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ssuryc/	Missing alot of useful areas you could explore in the states already in the game. Not many trucks and small cities wait for it to update or DLCs.
Zack W. 816	Recommended	100.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/genericzack/	Im from california and this game is spot on for detail. Love the great work SCS!
҉   Caιтlιn™   ҉	Recommended	15.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Caiitliin98/	To be Honest, im not that big fan of American Trucks, but in this game are nice long roads to drive! :D
Taller-Paul [iRiSHMAN]	Recommended	73.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TallerPaul/	Buy it! don't think about it, do it! , if your like many thinking hmm how fun could this actually be, seems a bit boring like what enjoyment do you get from driving a truck well this would be all true if you played the advertised singleplayer version with ai traffic however, there's a multiplayer mod with its own dedicated severs called truckersmp it means you can convoy wih your friends and drive around with other people around the world.I was originally an Euro Truck SImulator 2 person when i first got that game i barely played it until i found out about the mod then i put so many hours in driving around making friends, i used to only play games which had a kinda 3rd person view and when you crashed it would cause damage, but nope your crashes do cause damage you just can't see it! and as for 3rd person view i never actually thought i would drive on the inside view.Ok i do really love this game but here's the comparrison besides the obvious of the Euro and American, the trucks in ETS2 were very top heavy, like if you turned too quickly they could topple, the crumple zone was your face! but that's how trucks are designed here for whatever reason also you had right hand drive to fit with the UK i never thought i would ever get used to driving a left hand drive on the wrong side of the road but i was wrong.When i first got ATS i was hyped to start i relised that you could only get a left hand drive and there was no right hand drive i thought i made the biggest mistake but ive actually got used to it now, i found it was quite easy setting up in a way originally i tried to manually configure everything but couldn't get it perfect like i had my ETS2 setup, however i then found out the config files were the same as it uses the same engine so i just coppied them over and hey presto my truck drove like my truck from ETS2 with all my controller layout minus a couple of minor tweaks.Now im not a hardcore trucker gamer who has the logitech wheel and drive real trucks in real life, i don't know many people who drive full time in real life then feel the need to do it on the game, i'm sure there is some but nah i do like watching truck shows but you have to give them credit where credit is due when you see how much they have to go through and they don't have a reset button or an auto park feature, the driving comes naturally what i would say however is think practical, i see so many people with the big rigs kitted out with the sleeper and sure they look nicer but they are alot longer than day cabs and lower, meaning you can get stuck alot easier.Another problem with having a nightcab or a standing cab is you lose the ability from inside view to look out the rear of your truck, of course you have no rear view mirror as that would be pointless, however i would classify myself as a well experinced driver i have about €15 mill ingame credit all legitly got and i drive a kenworth day cab so i can reverse park trailers, i also find it to be quite stable of course i wouldn't advise you to try drive it flat out when only new to the game however being experinced that i am i can drive it from 80-100mph with a full load on and deliver the load with no damage or no inconvience to any other driver as proved in my screenshots on my profile.MultiplayerNow if your only starting out you will have to register a new account !!!make sure you read the rules!!! there is alot of people who come on to make other peoples experinces misrable on multiplayer do not let this put you off as they will get banned however you can also report them not through steam or anything, just push tab and select players name then report, then the sever admin will review it, they often advise either taking a replay video of what the person done or a screenshot, I know its hard not to but do not retaliate by blocking, ramming etc the other person as if admin comes along all they will see is either 2 people fighting or you bullying the other person!I would advise if your new to ATS to choose Europe 1 it has speed limited on i know this doesn't sound good however it means your less likely to mess up and will help you get used to the controls and your driving before you decide to floor it and have chaotic accidents, some people prefer to jump right on to europe 2 where there is no speed limit however this can make your best efforts get ruined as there's some new people who will lose it by accident and hit you.Unfortunly multiplayer does have collisions on except in a non collision zone which does mean people can ruin your fun but as advised before you can report those people to the sever admin, the severs and administration has nothing to do with SCS they are just nice minded people who like to have fun and play with others and add an extra level of playing to the game you can choose to donate to them to the uprunning of the severs as there is no charges to join or play currently online.Another thing is if you do go afk pull in to the side of the road or a carpark not blocking anyone to be considerate, however if your gone for 5-10 mins the sever can decide to kick you for inactivity, this also means you cant sit and do nothing for too long either, however it does not affect your game saves or anything like that, you can also ask for any other help in the discussions or the forums everyone is pretty much helpful there's a couple of trolls but what game doesn't have them just don't let them ruin your fun.Another thing is i'm actually really enjoying this game with more states being added its alot more complex and adds more playability to the game so although im only at about 44 hours now i could see that turning in to hundreds of hours when i get my game on!
Speed Demons	Recommended	141.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198131816585/	This game is just awe inspiring. It really can bring out the American feel in you. I would DEFINITELY recommend this game to anyone who has been a fan of ETS2. It's a real success to it's sister game, euro truck simulator 2. Just an amazing game that I would recommend to all of you trucking fans out there. But with High Quality, DLC (Free DLC Too), and steam workshop mods?... They just make the game more fun, WAY more fun! A definite game that I would recommend to everyone out on the steam community. Hope this helps you out! :DSincerely,PilotForHire
<NOG>DogManDan	Recommended	107.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/dogmandan/	Just can't get enough of this game. It is strangely addictive just as ETS2 is. Modding is fun as well.
COOLDUDEJARED2	Recommended	72.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198370757171/	Very Good Game
JBD8438	Recommended	42.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jbd8438/	A great game to relax and listen to podcasts.
nathanrocks2003	Recommended	9.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198354095750/	One of the best games I have ever played, both realistic to a fault and fun as hell
biskit	Recommended	108.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198068306259/	American Truck Simulator is an amazing game! The graphics are awesome, and you truly feel like you are behind the wheel of a big-rig. I would recommend using a controller or steering wheel of some type because it makes the game that much better!
RageaholicRick	Recommended	296.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/RageaholicRick/	American Truck Simulator is an amazingly fun game for those of us who like to just sit back, relax, and drive, or just enjoys simulator games. With the addition of World Of Trucks, and TruckersMP, the game becomes further enjoyable, and for those willing to spend the extra money on the map and job addition DLC's, the game is full of beautiful scenery and landmarks available. I have enjoyed many hours on this game, and look forward to further content as it releases.
carbonfibah	Recommended	57.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/carbonfibah/	A very relaxing and enjoyable game. The game looks great and plays even better. The devs keep adding more content which is awesome.
AllisonAxe	Recommended	16.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Allisonaxe/	Driving a truck is very cathartic. love kicking back, viewing the scenery, and listening to music. great if you have a wheel.
Mr_Elf24	Recommended	302.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198131469523/	Loving this game and can't stop playing
kams1987	Recommended	549.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198222221992/	I love playing this game wish they would add more states quicker cant wait for the heavy haul and double trailer release been play truck sim since 18 wheels of steel american long haul and hauling like this better NEED MORE trucks and AI trucks need to act more like truck traffic instead of normal traffic
Beldz	Recommended	104.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/beldz/	Fun and relaxing game. Slow development but it's still worth full price. It is most fun with racing wheel. Fully recommend.
funx24x7	Recommended	39.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/funx/	American Truck Simulator takes the already proven formula of Euro Truck Sim and improves upon it in several aspects.The richly detailed landscapes coupled with dynamic roadside events like police stops and traffic accidents bring a fresh sense of realism to the world. Having grown up in California I've driven the routes featured in this game many a time and can attest to the nostalgia-inducing attention to detail that the developers have put into the environment.More importantly, however, I was able to fulfill a lifelong dream of mine and finally drive up one of those runaway truck ramps.There is still room for improvement, the AI is essentially the same as ETS2. It'd be nice to see car accidents or police stops happen in real time at random. Also, there are only two truck brands to choose from. I'd love to see more classic brands like Mack or Freightliner. However, for the price I definitely think ATS is worth it.If you're a fan of Euro Truck Sim, you'll love the improvements that this game has to offer. If you're a fan and you're from the U.S. then this is a must have.
ManicPhoenix	Recommended	59.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ManicPhoenix/	Great game. Fun, relaxing, and great with a steering wheel + VR headset! (If you enable experimental branch)
Diko	Recommended	3.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ddikodroid/	SimpleSCS Software released this game, I bought it.
honeybadgerxc	Recommended	10.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/trilldebeest/	I tried to play for a "few minutes." A few hours later, I had to force myself off. A+
Kapten	Recommended	61.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198057971389/	I had green light and then a car cut me off when he turned onto the lane I was on, I steered left and crashed into a tree.10/10 would road rage again
Comrade Electric	Recommended	37.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ElectricCraze/	 American Truck simulator is fun experience for people familiar (and unfamiliar) with the west-coast of the US There is a story as to how I came to buy this game. 1. You see, I live in Europe. There was a show called Roadtrippers, in which two teams of semi-celebrities would try to get as far from New York with just $100. I really liked the scenery and the trucker culture displayed there. 2. I like the desolate landscapes, signs from some family business and the trailer parks. They have a certain charm to them. 3. I wanted an open-world driving sim like Burnout or San Fransisco Driver. However, Burnout is PC only and SFD requires U-Play>  Also, I am playing this in a macbook air. And no, I'm not an apple fanboy. I also have a gaming PC, but I use it less often. Anyway, it runs smoothly on my 1.3ghz processor. So that's a plus. The game itself is cool. The scene is set brilliantly. The radio stations, the locations, the realistic driving... It all comes together in a really cool game. Like Prison Architect, this game turned something mundane into a very enjoyable experience. I will be playing more of this, probably 100 hours or so ;)
AH-64D Apache	Not Recommended	28.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197995405643/	The game has been out for nearly 2 years now and basically you still only have 3 states which do not provide much variety when it comes to scenery. I guess you can get an additional state DLC for 11.99 but c'monIf you really want a truck driving sim, go for the older ETS2, which is essentially the same game. There is more value there. Also, since the game has been out for much longer, it has a greater following and there are some incredible high quality mods out there if you want expanded maps without paying for official DLC.As it stands right now, ATS only has access to 4 southwest states, hardly a good representation for a game to called "American" Truck Simulator. Combine that with the severly limited truck variety, I can't recommend this game as it simply isn't living up to the potential.
Adebisi_lives	Recommended	224.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198158631991/	Overall, this is a highly enjoyable game with qualities that one will surely appreciate over time.  The graphics, sound, and environmental settings of the game are crisp and realistic.  The missions, though simplistic, are fun and the difficulty of the game will keep you hooked.  The only real drawback of this game is that its limited in its scope.  So far, the only states released are California and Nevada.  The longest haul you'll ever make is from southern California to northern Nevada, which will take you about 1-2 hours of real time.  There are more states along the way--Arizona will be free but the rest will be downloadable DLCs you'll have to pay for.  There are a few things I've noticed that aren't perhaps drawbacks but rather add to the realism of the game.  The AI traffic is frenetic and it can be hard to make a left turn without someone crashing into you, even if you ease your way out onto the road.  Some of the towns in Nevada are virtually indistinguishable.  But is this game worth getting?  Absolutely.  If you enjoyed Euro Truck Simulator and you've been waiting to haul♥♥♥♥♥down the beautiful American landscape with ZZ Top playing on the radio, then this is the game for you.
MatzTruckz	Recommended	421.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197977540981/	Addictive, Immersive, Outstanding Simulator! Worth every dime!! This on'e a WINNER!
Brandon	Recommended	261.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198285496719/	thank you guys for putting in the peterbuilt 389 you guys are the bes and one more thang you guys should put bigger over size loads on the game update and arev you guys going to do the whole united states map  
Redberry.twiggy	Recommended	20.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198173755077/	More things to do for reducing your stress in ATS rather than ETS..  For Me... i choose to Hitting my Truck with 48 Tons trailer into Police Car..American Truck Simulator : 10/10 ... The police not angry at all ... I think they are more stress than me... 
JBD8438	Recommended	42.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jbd8438/	A great game to relax and listen to podcasts.
NewTransport LLC	Recommended	376.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Newtransport/	A must!The detials are super good and the grahics! The thing I dont like is the lack of trucks but theres plenty of mods.
Albino Kiwi	Recommended	203.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/albinokiwimusic/	If you're looking for a game with 'TRUCKING' huge rigs amd the extensive customisation options from Euro Truck Simulator 2; look no further.The played time says enough. :D 
bellcc	Recommended	74.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198195802201/	Product received for free
[Asgard] Thor	Recommended	21.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197978232684/	This game is as close as you could reasonably get to driving a big rig through the South western states. There isn't a lot of meat on this bone, but what the developers put into the game is exactly what you need to feel like you are driving large loads from A to B. My only complaint is in this game all the freeways are 2-3 lanes when in real life some of the inner city freeways are usually 4-5 lanes at least in Arizona. Also the 60 in Arizona is almost a straight line east to west in real life but in this game it's kinda curvy. This isn't a big deal because when trying to simulate a large area of country side I can understand that not everything needs to be accurate.Buying trucks, customizing and upgrading them, and hiring drivers are all very easy and fun to do. Some things are locked behind a experience level system, but that may be way to limit new players to driving big rigs from getting themselves into a lot of trouble. An example is that I purchased the heavy load dlc which didn't seem to be part of the exp level curve and didn't know what a pain the articulated trailers are to deal with, not to mention the tiny little truck I had could barely pull the thing. Pros: Fairly accurate representation of the southwestern statesGood representation of trucking and trafficVery easy game to get into and playCons: No in game radio, but you can move music to this games folder to put some in. Kind of a hassle when I can just shift tab and pull up youtube in a steam overlay.Do you get one Hour of gameplay per $6 paid?: YesEase of 100%: (100% Being all achievements, Unlocks, Upgrades, Ect.) Hard. More time consuming than anything. Game will make you drive on every inch of road for 100% explore. There are DLC achievements which require heavy trucks so levels will need to be gained to get access to the good stuff. 
RheeSykler	Recommended	174.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198021921048/	Like American Truck Simulator so much more than the European version , I can relate to these trucks because I see them all the time , the sound of the engines / big blocks is so familiar , I like that the Devs upgraded the cities a bit , which the original version lacked so much , I wish that in the future more details are added to the towns and cities to make it a bit more realistic , excellent game .
COOLDUDEJARED2	Recommended	72.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198370757171/	Very Good Game
JonnyXray	Recommended	4.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jonnyxray/	Its just Awesome 9/10
Mr_Elf24	Recommended	302.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198131469523/	Loving this game and can't stop playing
Baron von Geist	Recommended	40.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198064303484/	You know a simulator is a good when it can get a person who works a full time job in real life to come home and essentially simulate another full day of work in their spare time. American Truck Simulator is that good. ATS manages to successfully capture the invigorating essence and freedom of driving a big rig on the open road all without the unpleasant, real life consequences of being an actual trucker, such as the painful hemorrhoids that result from long hours of sitting/driving and the high cholesterol from eating a lot of greasy roadside food. Great Stuff!
Southern Wulf	Recommended	136.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198273221785/	Play this game really fun. Put workshop mods in makes the game more fun.
James M. 3806	Recommended	31.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198175675069/	Very good game overall....The graphics are amazing....I perfer this game over it's brother/sister Euro Truck Simulator 2 because it takes place in America, my home country.A very good game.
[MAZA]Dr.Tesla	Recommended	132.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198044946815/	perfect game for relaxing after a hard day at work even if you don't have a work.Really beautifull and nice with long trucks to drive that is a nice challenge in turns, if you like driving i recomend, you don't even need to like trucks, that will come while you play ;)
Curtis	Recommended	1,187.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198149154953/	I really like the running of the business part. I have nothing better to do.
DOMINATOR 1 (amy)	Recommended	32.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198280060701/	The Best Great Work On making this game i find nothing rong with it 5 stars 
Brandon	Recommended	261.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198285496719/	thank you guys for putting in the peterbuilt 389 you guys are the bes and one more thang you guys should put bigger over size loads on the game update and arev you guys going to do the whole united states map  
Redberry.twiggy	Recommended	20.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198173755077/	More things to do for reducing your stress in ATS rather than ETS..  For Me... i choose to Hitting my Truck with 48 Tons trailer into Police Car..American Truck Simulator : 10/10 ... The police not angry at all ... I think they are more stress than me... 
SwollenClits	Not Recommended	113.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198366097164/	Admins are queers on the online mode. Also the game feels halfasses since the online mode comes in the form of a mod from a 3rd party lol.
Gavra	Recommended	22.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/sh0ga/	Goooooood, map is small but game is perfect
Vaerrwenn	Recommended	16.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/AurumJames/	A relaxing game with some beautiful scenes.Pretty laggy when it comes to the city if you have a mid-low range GPU with high or med settings.Well, at first I thought this game was gonna have all states of the USA, but well, it's not really bad it only have 3 of them. Maybe the rest gonna come out as DLC. Looking forward for the future development.
{{ twitch.tv/xavieriv }}	Recommended	16.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/honorstrider/	Using teh mouse to steer.*Sneeze*Accident10/10 Best anti-sneeze simulator.I bought ETS2, and this is an absolute upgrade. The graphic is wonderful, and the details for the terrain and environment is splendid and breathtaking; you can tell a place is different from the others in some way.Overall, 10/10
Tandi Sultandi	Recommended	27.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/tandisultandi/	Relax and Enjoy :)
Schon239 N.O.D	Recommended	275.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Schon239NOD/	Product received for free
emmetM	Recommended	30.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/emmetM/	---{Graphics}---☐ Masterpiece☐ Beautiful☐ Good🗹 Decent☐ Will do☐ Bad☐ Awful☐ Paint.exe---{Gameplay}--- ☐ Try not to get addicted🗹 Very good☐ Good☐ Nothing special☐ Ehh☐ Bad☐ Just don't---{Audio}--- ☐ Eargasm☐ Very good🗹 Good☐ Decent☐ Not too bad☐ Bad☐ Earrape---{Audience}--- ☐ Kids☐ Teens☐ Adults🗹 Everyone---{PC Requirements}--- ☐ Check if you can run paint🗹 Potato☐ Decent☐ Fast☐ Rich boi☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer---{Difficulty}--- ☐ Could be played by monkey🗹 Easy☐ Significant brain usage ☐ Easy to learn / Hard to master☐ Not so easy☐ Difficult☐ Dark Souls---{Grind}--- 🗹 Nothing☐ Only if you care about leaderboards/ranks☐ Is not necessary to progress☐ A bit grindy sometimes☐ Average grind level☐ Too much grind☐ Insanity---{Story}--- 🗹 Doesn't have one☐ Would be better off without one☐ Bad☐ Average☐ Good☐ Lovely☐ Truly beautiful---{Length}--- ☐ Long enough for a cup of tea☐ Short☐ Average☐ Long☐ Depends on you🗹 Endless---{Price}--- ☐ It's free☐ Just buy it🗹 Worth the price☐ Wait for sale☐ Maybe if u have some spare money left☐ Not recommended☐ Dont throw money into a trash can---{Bugs}--- 🗹 Never had any☐ Minor bugs☐ Few bugs ☐ Can get annoying☐ Ruining the game☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs
bwoogie	Recommended	26.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/bwoogie/	I just got this game yesterday and already have just below 15 hours of gameplay logged, so you could say I'm enjoying it.I'm not going to say too much about the game in it's current state, it's pretty good so far. Lots of customizations for your trucks, large maps and nice details and landmarks. Here are some things I would add or change about this game:* The cops seem way too Barney Fife about giving you tickets. They give you speeding tickets for going just a few mph's over the limit. They show no tolerance for the "9 over rule." They also gave me a "red light violation" for stopping at a red light. Wat? Maybe I was too far out in the intersection? I really don't think so. It would also be cool if instead of magically handing you your ticket while your driving if they actually pulled you over and you had to stop; costing you time and delaying your shipment as well as a fine.* The game needs destructable vehicles. The game looks pretty good, but when you crash your 18 wheeler into a wall at high speed, it should show the results.* More driver focused interactions and let the driver get out of the truck and free roam. This is a simulator, so what about all the unthought of things that a truck driver has to deal with? Like eating and going to the bathroom? Where are the waffle houses? It would be so cool to be able to jump out of the truck and stretch your legs, walk into a gas station and buy some coffee or energy drinks to keep awake for the final stretch of highway. And things like flat tires, you would have to get out and change your tire.* I want to see more states! I want to drive from coast to coast! If not, at least Colorado, I love driving through mountains!* User-made routes players can share in the workshop. * Small truck deliveries, like "PostEd."* Bus driving. It's more or less a truck.... You can transport people from city to city. Just something extra to do to earn some cash and keep the game a little fresh.* Wildlife and livestock. Deer and such running across the road you need to avoid hitting.* The trains need to be longer than just a locomotive.That's it for now. I'll edit as things change.
[Asgard] Thor	Recommended	21.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197978232684/	This game is as close as you could reasonably get to driving a big rig through the South western states. There isn't a lot of meat on this bone, but what the developers put into the game is exactly what you need to feel like you are driving large loads from A to B. My only complaint is in this game all the freeways are 2-3 lanes when in real life some of the inner city freeways are usually 4-5 lanes at least in Arizona. Also the 60 in Arizona is almost a straight line east to west in real life but in this game it's kinda curvy. This isn't a big deal because when trying to simulate a large area of country side I can understand that not everything needs to be accurate.Buying trucks, customizing and upgrading them, and hiring drivers are all very easy and fun to do. Some things are locked behind a experience level system, but that may be way to limit new players to driving big rigs from getting themselves into a lot of trouble. An example is that I purchased the heavy load dlc which didn't seem to be part of the exp level curve and didn't know what a pain the articulated trailers are to deal with, not to mention the tiny little truck I had could barely pull the thing. Pros: Fairly accurate representation of the southwestern statesGood representation of trucking and trafficVery easy game to get into and playCons: No in game radio, but you can move music to this games folder to put some in. Kind of a hassle when I can just shift tab and pull up youtube in a steam overlay.Do you get one Hour of gameplay per $6 paid?: YesEase of 100%: (100% Being all achievements, Unlocks, Upgrades, Ect.) Hard. More time consuming than anything. Game will make you drive on every inch of road for 100% explore. There are DLC achievements which require heavy trucks so levels will need to be gained to get access to the good stuff. 
bellcc	Recommended	74.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198195802201/	Product received for free
dankwookie	Recommended	541.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/dankwookie/	I love this game on the first day I literally couldn't stop playing it, I played for 12 hours in the first day. It seems to be a real challenge when you level up and upgrade your skills.. If you want to drive a rig for a distance this is the game to play. I can't wait for the dlc to this =)
Comrade Electric	Recommended	37.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ElectricCraze/	 American Truck simulator is fun experience for people familiar (and unfamiliar) with the west-coast of the US There is a story as to how I came to buy this game. 1. You see, I live in Europe. There was a show called Roadtrippers, in which two teams of semi-celebrities would try to get as far from New York with just $100. I really liked the scenery and the trucker culture displayed there. 2. I like the desolate landscapes, signs from some family business and the trailer parks. They have a certain charm to them. 3. I wanted an open-world driving sim like Burnout or San Fransisco Driver. However, Burnout is PC only and SFD requires U-Play>  Also, I am playing this in a macbook air. And no, I'm not an apple fanboy. I also have a gaming PC, but I use it less often. Anyway, it runs smoothly on my 1.3ghz processor. So that's a plus. The game itself is cool. The scene is set brilliantly. The radio stations, the locations, the realistic driving... It all comes together in a really cool game. Like Prison Architect, this game turned something mundane into a very enjoyable experience. I will be playing more of this, probably 100 hours or so ;)
norbiq	Recommended	144.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/norbiq/	I've never even thought of being a big fan of trucks (any kind). But it all started with Euro Truck Simulator which oddly I fell in love with and then SCS released American Truck Simulator. Without any doubt I had to try it. I had driven in The States a lot but mostly on the East Coast. I was so curious to see how it feels to drive on the West Coast. I even decided to visit the West Coast for my vacation. To be honest the game helped me prepare for this road trip a lot. I must tell you it's just like the real thing. It really makes you want to hop in that big truck and just go. I always liked all those US rest areas, especially at night all lit up and inviting you to make a stop there. The devs put so much effort into the little details that I get the same feeling while playing the game. Even though the game does not cover all the States yet there's already so many places to visit (and more coming). Finding the new (sometimes hidden) roads and suddenly seeing views you never expected in the game makes it all the more interesting. If you enjoy driving a vehicle this game will make you want to launch it over and over again.edit: typo
NewTransport LLC	Recommended	376.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Newtransport/	A must!The detials are super good and the grahics! The thing I dont like is the lack of trucks but theres plenty of mods.
Albino Kiwi	Recommended	203.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/albinokiwimusic/	If you're looking for a game with 'TRUCKING' huge rigs amd the extensive customisation options from Euro Truck Simulator 2; look no further.The played time says enough. :D 
Schon239 N.O.D	Recommended	275.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Schon239NOD/	Product received for free
yasinbulut024	Recommended	76.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198017464529/	Awesome successor of Euro Truck Simulator. I wish there were custom horns without modding the game.
Poncho	Recommended	238.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/austinpontius/	Just got the game today and live it. I used to play ets2 but once this came out it's hard to go back. Thank you so much scs.
bath gang	Recommended	101.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/lewis182xD/	I held of writing a review when ATS was released. I mean what else was there to say, It's pretty much ETS2 set in America, only with a lot more detail and work put into map creating. SCS has took the correct step forward, but dam there slow at creating new content. On the plus side, if they do all 50 states eventually we will have sooooo much content between ets2 and ats :D8/10 would recommend.
du ddu du ddu	Recommended	61.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/deadanchovie/	Buy Euro Truck Simulator 2 instead of this if you haven't bought it yet - it's got a bigger map, more trucks, way more mods, and is cheaper during sales.If you already have ETS2, then this is a good buy, but I'd wait until a sale (I bought it for the full price).
Tandi Sultandi	Recommended	27.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/tandisultandi/	Relax and Enjoy :)
bwoogie	Recommended	26.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/bwoogie/	I just got this game yesterday and already have just below 15 hours of gameplay logged, so you could say I'm enjoying it.I'm not going to say too much about the game in it's current state, it's pretty good so far. Lots of customizations for your trucks, large maps and nice details and landmarks. Here are some things I would add or change about this game:* The cops seem way too Barney Fife about giving you tickets. They give you speeding tickets for going just a few mph's over the limit. They show no tolerance for the "9 over rule." They also gave me a "red light violation" for stopping at a red light. Wat? Maybe I was too far out in the intersection? I really don't think so. It would also be cool if instead of magically handing you your ticket while your driving if they actually pulled you over and you had to stop; costing you time and delaying your shipment as well as a fine.* The game needs destructable vehicles. The game looks pretty good, but when you crash your 18 wheeler into a wall at high speed, it should show the results.* More driver focused interactions and let the driver get out of the truck and free roam. This is a simulator, so what about all the unthought of things that a truck driver has to deal with? Like eating and going to the bathroom? Where are the waffle houses? It would be so cool to be able to jump out of the truck and stretch your legs, walk into a gas station and buy some coffee or energy drinks to keep awake for the final stretch of highway. And things like flat tires, you would have to get out and change your tire.* I want to see more states! I want to drive from coast to coast! If not, at least Colorado, I love driving through mountains!* User-made routes players can share in the workshop. * Small truck deliveries, like "PostEd."* Bus driving. It's more or less a truck.... You can transport people from city to city. Just something extra to do to earn some cash and keep the game a little fresh.* Wildlife and livestock. Deer and such running across the road you need to avoid hitting.* The trains need to be longer than just a locomotive.That's it for now. I'll edit as things change.
emmetM	Recommended	30.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/emmetM/	---{Graphics}---☐ Masterpiece☐ Beautiful☐ Good🗹 Decent☐ Will do☐ Bad☐ Awful☐ Paint.exe---{Gameplay}--- ☐ Try not to get addicted🗹 Very good☐ Good☐ Nothing special☐ Ehh☐ Bad☐ Just don't---{Audio}--- ☐ Eargasm☐ Very good🗹 Good☐ Decent☐ Not too bad☐ Bad☐ Earrape---{Audience}--- ☐ Kids☐ Teens☐ Adults🗹 Everyone---{PC Requirements}--- ☐ Check if you can run paint🗹 Potato☐ Decent☐ Fast☐ Rich boi☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer---{Difficulty}--- ☐ Could be played by monkey🗹 Easy☐ Significant brain usage ☐ Easy to learn / Hard to master☐ Not so easy☐ Difficult☐ Dark Souls---{Grind}--- 🗹 Nothing☐ Only if you care about leaderboards/ranks☐ Is not necessary to progress☐ A bit grindy sometimes☐ Average grind level☐ Too much grind☐ Insanity---{Story}--- 🗹 Doesn't have one☐ Would be better off without one☐ Bad☐ Average☐ Good☐ Lovely☐ Truly beautiful---{Length}--- ☐ Long enough for a cup of tea☐ Short☐ Average☐ Long☐ Depends on you🗹 Endless---{Price}--- ☐ It's free☐ Just buy it🗹 Worth the price☐ Wait for sale☐ Maybe if u have some spare money left☐ Not recommended☐ Dont throw money into a trash can---{Bugs}--- 🗹 Never had any☐ Minor bugs☐ Few bugs ☐ Can get annoying☐ Ruining the game☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs
Curtis	Recommended	1,187.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198149154953/	I really like the running of the business part. I have nothing better to do.
Sreyb	Recommended	24.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/sreyb111/	If you like Euro Truck Simulator you'll like this.
Glaex	Recommended	16.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Glaex/	Taking them forever to make a decent sized map, but it's still a great game. Probably the only good game with "Simulator" in the title. Good fun if you just want to go on a relaxing drive, listen to some music (any mp3s work), and chill.
Peter B Civ-1	Recommended	201.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/peterb04/	Great Game SCS Software
Gary the gamer	Recommended	16.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198807289122/	A game every Gary should own!
ErlinUrbano (COL)	Recommended	193.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/erlinurbano/	Better, better and better! Hope to see more roads soon!
Woody	Recommended	53.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198041608029/	I was  very surprised by this one.Simulators are really not my thing what's the point in imitating real life when most of the time your living it ?I have not played ETS2 and it never really interested me seeing as I’m from the UK what’s the point in driving the M50 when I can jump in my car and do it for real anyway.Fast forward to American Truck Simulator and also an article by PCGamer (I am nothing to do with PCGamer) and while I was slightly drunk there was a sale on ATS so I bought it.Wasn't expecting much but after installing and choosing my freight haulage name and character I was willing to give it a go, next thing I know I'm 12 hours into the game and loving it.My GF saw me and asked what I was doing so I told her I have to deliver 20,000lb's of fertilizer to Barstow, California and she just looked at me silly asked and why.That's why I love this game there is no good answer to that question, I said who else is going to do it ?There is no saving the world or blowing up the world, people or aliens aren’t trying to kill me there is just you and your truck trying to deliver goods on time for a profit.Is this the game for you if you like shooting people?  NO.But if you want to feel the buzz of getting somewhere on time and parking correctly then you will love this game, for all the time you spending driving and it will be a lot there is nothing that will quite give you the same buzz as reverse parking a trailer is the designated area as this game will. 
тнυndercode	Recommended	186.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/thefloridafoamermang/	I spent 2 hours with a massive 8 person convoy of just friends and like 3 randoms on TruckersMP.Two twelvie attacks, over 20 accidents, and multiple leaves later, 5 of us crawled into Redding broken, and defeated.100/10 best PTSD-giving train simulator of all time. 
rebeL_Knight	Recommended	149.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198256549337/	This game is perfect really realistic
[Pfc] E. Stryker [1stAL]	Recommended	47.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198028413384/	This game has ZERO ANIME. I love it. Would like to see more environmental events and effects like snow, hail, dust storms. jerk drivers, emergency vehicles that you have to pull over for, accidnets with road flares,   etc make the game more adventurous while traveling. Great game, highly recommend it.
Speed Demons	Recommended	141.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198131816585/	This game is just awe inspiring. It really can bring out the American feel in you. I would DEFINITELY recommend this game to anyone who has been a fan of ETS2. It's a real success to it's sister game, euro truck simulator 2. Just an amazing game that I would recommend to all of you trucking fans out there. But with High Quality, DLC (Free DLC Too), and steam workshop mods?... They just make the game more fun, WAY more fun! A definite game that I would recommend to everyone out on the steam community. Hope this helps you out! :DSincerely,PilotForHire
CorellianCorvette	Recommended	324.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198072858767/	American Truck Simulator. The title says it all. While the game is still in the process of being completed (writing this review as of public beta 1.28) I must say I absolutely love this game. The TLC and overall effort being put into this game clearly show with each new addition and update to the game. Being a fan of Truck sims since 18 WoS: Haulin, this truly is the trucking game I've always wanted and I can't wait to see what becomes of it. If modding is your thing, there is a plethora of graphics mods and gameplay tweaks to suit your playing style. If you're on the fence, but not sure if you want to get it, buy it and give it a shot. With the $20 price tag, how could you go wrong? Hope you enjoy this game as much as I have!
Taller-Paul [iRiSHMAN]	Recommended	73.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TallerPaul/	Buy it! don't think about it, do it! , if your like many thinking hmm how fun could this actually be, seems a bit boring like what enjoyment do you get from driving a truck well this would be all true if you played the advertised singleplayer version with ai traffic however, there's a multiplayer mod with its own dedicated severs called truckersmp it means you can convoy wih your friends and drive around with other people around the world.I was originally an Euro Truck SImulator 2 person when i first got that game i barely played it until i found out about the mod then i put so many hours in driving around making friends, i used to only play games which had a kinda 3rd person view and when you crashed it would cause damage, but nope your crashes do cause damage you just can't see it! and as for 3rd person view i never actually thought i would drive on the inside view.Ok i do really love this game but here's the comparrison besides the obvious of the Euro and American, the trucks in ETS2 were very top heavy, like if you turned too quickly they could topple, the crumple zone was your face! but that's how trucks are designed here for whatever reason also you had right hand drive to fit with the UK i never thought i would ever get used to driving a left hand drive on the wrong side of the road but i was wrong.When i first got ATS i was hyped to start i relised that you could only get a left hand drive and there was no right hand drive i thought i made the biggest mistake but ive actually got used to it now, i found it was quite easy setting up in a way originally i tried to manually configure everything but couldn't get it perfect like i had my ETS2 setup, however i then found out the config files were the same as it uses the same engine so i just coppied them over and hey presto my truck drove like my truck from ETS2 with all my controller layout minus a couple of minor tweaks.Now im not a hardcore trucker gamer who has the logitech wheel and drive real trucks in real life, i don't know many people who drive full time in real life then feel the need to do it on the game, i'm sure there is some but nah i do like watching truck shows but you have to give them credit where credit is due when you see how much they have to go through and they don't have a reset button or an auto park feature, the driving comes naturally what i would say however is think practical, i see so many people with the big rigs kitted out with the sleeper and sure they look nicer but they are alot longer than day cabs and lower, meaning you can get stuck alot easier.Another problem with having a nightcab or a standing cab is you lose the ability from inside view to look out the rear of your truck, of course you have no rear view mirror as that would be pointless, however i would classify myself as a well experinced driver i have about €15 mill ingame credit all legitly got and i drive a kenworth day cab so i can reverse park trailers, i also find it to be quite stable of course i wouldn't advise you to try drive it flat out when only new to the game however being experinced that i am i can drive it from 80-100mph with a full load on and deliver the load with no damage or no inconvience to any other driver as proved in my screenshots on my profile.MultiplayerNow if your only starting out you will have to register a new account !!!make sure you read the rules!!! there is alot of people who come on to make other peoples experinces misrable on multiplayer do not let this put you off as they will get banned however you can also report them not through steam or anything, just push tab and select players name then report, then the sever admin will review it, they often advise either taking a replay video of what the person done or a screenshot, I know its hard not to but do not retaliate by blocking, ramming etc the other person as if admin comes along all they will see is either 2 people fighting or you bullying the other person!I would advise if your new to ATS to choose Europe 1 it has speed limited on i know this doesn't sound good however it means your less likely to mess up and will help you get used to the controls and your driving before you decide to floor it and have chaotic accidents, some people prefer to jump right on to europe 2 where there is no speed limit however this can make your best efforts get ruined as there's some new people who will lose it by accident and hit you.Unfortunly multiplayer does have collisions on except in a non collision zone which does mean people can ruin your fun but as advised before you can report those people to the sever admin, the severs and administration has nothing to do with SCS they are just nice minded people who like to have fun and play with others and add an extra level of playing to the game you can choose to donate to them to the uprunning of the severs as there is no charges to join or play currently online.Another thing is if you do go afk pull in to the side of the road or a carpark not blocking anyone to be considerate, however if your gone for 5-10 mins the sever can decide to kick you for inactivity, this also means you cant sit and do nothing for too long either, however it does not affect your game saves or anything like that, you can also ask for any other help in the discussions or the forums everyone is pretty much helpful there's a couple of trolls but what game doesn't have them just don't let them ruin your fun.Another thing is i'm actually really enjoying this game with more states being added its alot more complex and adds more playability to the game so although im only at about 44 hours now i could see that turning in to hundreds of hours when i get my game on!
<NOG>DogManDan	Recommended	107.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/dogmandan/	Just can't get enough of this game. It is strangely addictive just as ETS2 is. Modding is fun as well.
George	Recommended	51.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/GeorgeTheBoy/	Although not much has changed in terms of menus. The map, trucks, and in-game features have.A nice change from Euro Truck and with the multiplayer mod, it is a very good game.8/10
Featherine	Recommended	120.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/WitchFeatherine/	While it isn't better than Euro Truck Simulator 2 in any stretch of the imagination. It's still a really good entry in the Truck Simulator series.
Polar Bear	Recommended	36.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/byterat/	I am still the best mofo driving bear and I like to eat fish and I am sponsored by tropic fruit and in some cases birds. I like long drives, sunsets, geting drunk while driving and being a tease. Thank God for Jim Sterling and thank God for me. Bless you all.
Woody	Recommended	53.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198041608029/	I was  very surprised by this one.Simulators are really not my thing what's the point in imitating real life when most of the time your living it ?I have not played ETS2 and it never really interested me seeing as I’m from the UK what’s the point in driving the M50 when I can jump in my car and do it for real anyway.Fast forward to American Truck Simulator and also an article by PCGamer (I am nothing to do with PCGamer) and while I was slightly drunk there was a sale on ATS so I bought it.Wasn't expecting much but after installing and choosing my freight haulage name and character I was willing to give it a go, next thing I know I'm 12 hours into the game and loving it.My GF saw me and asked what I was doing so I told her I have to deliver 20,000lb's of fertilizer to Barstow, California and she just looked at me silly asked and why.That's why I love this game there is no good answer to that question, I said who else is going to do it ?There is no saving the world or blowing up the world, people or aliens aren’t trying to kill me there is just you and your truck trying to deliver goods on time for a profit.Is this the game for you if you like shooting people?  NO.But if you want to feel the buzz of getting somewhere on time and parking correctly then you will love this game, for all the time you spending driving and it will be a lot there is nothing that will quite give you the same buzz as reverse parking a trailer is the designated area as this game will. 
alexanderpurves	Recommended	2.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198075481635/	Although I just started it, I can tell a lot of things have been repackaged from ETS2, although there are also many differences.When I started up, I immediately noticed the exact same intro screen as ETS2 except for the name.The main menu looks identical to ETS2, even the character portraits are the same.The tutorial is literally the exact same, word for word, as in ETS2, signifying that there havent been any major improvements in the gameplay itself. However, there is a lot to look forward to:The cities are a lot more realistic and bigger than in ETS2 and have many famous landmarks. I opted to start in San Francisco, and it the area looked a lot like SF. (More than it would in ETS2).There is a lot more to explore, as there is 50 states with diversified terrain and a lot of free DLC coming out that grants access to these states.There will probably be less of endless highway driving and more of exploring the cities. (As I mentioned, SF seemed a lot bigger than the cities in ETS2). Overall, I have been looking forward to this game for years and it has finally come. Despite some of the similarities to Euro Truck Simulator 2, there will be many positive differences and changes that outweigh the cons. If I am wrong on any of this, please tell me. This is my first review.
ptr1ck	Recommended	203.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/badashell/	Best $20 you can spend on a game.
Lord Cuckington	Recommended	71.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/7656119809474831B/	Truck machine broke...
Seven	Recommended	580.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198127946423/	good game, fun to drive, in my opinion is better then ETS2, i can feel a difference in driving
meierfamily5.rd	Recommended	53.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198369654650/	the fact that its takeing forever for new states other then that i really like the game
Ras	Recommended	147.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198011638955/	Cruising on long, american roads in cool big trucks. 'nuff said!
TheEndOfFries	Recommended	60.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/theendoffries/	ATS gives hours of fun, even with only a few states it is still a long distance from point A to point B. The game is still progressing with more expansions and DLC's, the best thing about the expansions and some DLC's are that they are free. SCS thinks of the gamers and not just milk us for money.
your_bro_m	Recommended	34.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198275556885/	really fun!!
SwollenClits	Not Recommended	113.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198366097164/	Admins are queers on the online mode. Also the game feels halfasses since the online mode comes in the form of a mod from a 3rd party lol.
|Mr-MaDDoGG|©®	Recommended	243.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/maddogg340/	Amazeing game  one ov my all time greats in my life time  along with euro truck ....just wishYOU  would give  us the M.A.C  and other trucks to drive  just two brands  nice truck  models tho fantastic  graphics ..... for  US Trucks and the  E.R.F  FOR  EURO TURCKS  :) but you cant have it all  :)) thanks  guys  hours of  funn and old time memorys  with my dad trucking up and down england  scottland irland and last but  no where least gods contry wales  AGAIN THANKS  :)
onplay101	Recommended	35.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198137239035/	this game is going to make it far cant what to see whats next
Tundra	Recommended	301.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Tundra_Gaming/	Game of the Year
mikebadger372	Recommended	553.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198361184925/	This is the best truckers game i've played 
Queen24 (Jess)	Recommended	662.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/BrandonsWoman/	this game is fun with friends and u get to have fun and relax after a stressful game u played before
[BM&S]SilverStreak♥Fluttershy	Recommended	293.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SilverStreak/	American Truck Simulator is really amazing at capturing the soul of American Landscapes. At time of writing New Mexico DLC is the most recent addition and it just has more breathtaking scenery than the other three states, and being a fan of Trains I can also say the detail put into the background scenery like passing trains has really sold me on the entire experience! Combine this Simulator with the free TruckersMP Mod for multilayer experiences, and then throw in a dash of fair prices on DLC. And then you've got a Nomination for "THE SOUL OF VITRUVIUS" award.
George	Recommended	51.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/GeorgeTheBoy/	Although not much has changed in terms of menus. The map, trucks, and in-game features have.A nice change from Euro Truck and with the multiplayer mod, it is a very good game.8/10
Featherine	Recommended	120.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/WitchFeatherine/	While it isn't better than Euro Truck Simulator 2 in any stretch of the imagination. It's still a really good entry in the Truck Simulator series.
AntoPL	Recommended	288.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/antonipolska/	American Truck Simulator, Is a great game! I'm going to show Pros & ConsPROS:Graphics: The Graphics are GREAT! It is the same as ETS2, But a lot more details.Assets: There are different assets in each city,Map: There are 4 States. California, Nevada, Arizona, New Mexico (as of 11/25/2017)Companies: There are different industries, logistics, constructionTrucks: There are 4 trucks from 2 brands. Kenworth and Peterbilt (as of 11/25/2017). There are also modded trucks.Mods: There are many mods just like ETS2. Truck Mods, Map Mods. Just to name a few categories.CONS:Map Size: The size... Since there are only 4 states, and New Mexico took 16 months to make. It would take a REALLY long time to get them all. You do the math.Overall, American Truck Simulator is a great game. 9/10
onplay101	Recommended	35.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198137239035/	this game is going to make it far cant what to see whats next
Tundra	Recommended	301.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Tundra_Gaming/	Game of the Year
Sreyb	Recommended	24.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/sreyb111/	If you like Euro Truck Simulator you'll like this.
Zack W. 816	Recommended	100.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/genericzack/	Im from california and this game is spot on for detail. Love the great work SCS!
DrSadistic	Recommended	5.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/drsadistic/	If you've played ETS2 you will feel right at home here. Why change a system that already works, right? If something isn't broke, don't try to fix it. That's why you see so many games go downhill. They change something that already works to try something new that inevitably ruins the whole experience that people have grown to love. It becomes very obvious this is on the same engine as ETS2, and there's nothing wrong with that. It's not the best and most polished engine graphically, but that's okay. It still looks fine, and they've certainly improved anti aliasing support from ETS2. No, it's not where it should be, but it's an improvement. Graphically, the game look very close to what ETS2 looks like, however you can tell there is definitely an improvement with the lighting system. One major change (which is probably the biggest change in ETS2 besides it taking place on American soil instead of in Europe) is the way ticket violations work. In ETS2 there are speed cameras setup and if you are caught speeding passed one of these cameras they slap a ticket on you. This time around, you will actually see cop cars roaming the cities, and if you care caught speeding, they will blue light you and you will be fined. No, currently the cops do not give chase (giving you the possiblity to lead the cops on a high speed chase), but that's possibly something they may (or may not) add in the future. SCS has made it extremely clear they want their trucking sims to be based around the actual trucking experience, starting a trucking company from the ground up and growing, and less about the other stuff. With ATS being in the US it's inevitable ATS is going to draw a bigger crowd than its European predecessors, and many of those people likely have never played an SCS game, or probably never even heard of them before. A big complaint I hear about is the accuracy of the roads and cities. It should be known that SCS is a fairly small company and they don't have the programmers you have at some of the bigger studio. It should be known the roads are designed in a way that make it possible for the AI to navigate. They had a decision to make: have realistic roads with no AI, or come up with a compromise and create their own roadways so we can have functional AI vehicles on the road, and they went with the latter. The map feels different enough from ETS2 that you feel like you are traveling American roads, but veterans of ETS2 will definitely be able to spot the shortcuts that were taken right off the bat that had to be made to make the AI work. The map feels more alive this time. The Doctor's Final Report: 7/10; If you're looking for a 1:1 scale 100% representation of the US, this isn't your game/sim. If you know how SCS works and how they design your games, and you're looking forward to driving from California to Nevada with the understanding that the game is designed the way it is because of limitations of the engine and enjoyed ETS2, there's no reason why you won't enjoy ATS as well.
RoadHog	Recommended	1,039.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198088104546/	Love the program for its smooth, even play.  I've driven all of SRS's previous truck simulators except the Europe version and this is by far the best of the lot.  There are dozens of trucks to choose from and even more with mods.They just released their rescale of the whole thing and it is fantastic.  More scenery, real long highways and realistic traffic makes it a great adventure in trucking.Dozens of Game Obtions allow you to set up the game to your liking.The graphics are great and include many land marks.At the present there are 3 states covered, California, Nevada and Arizona but believe me it will take hours of play to cover them all.  More states are in the making as DLC's.SRS is working on it constantly and have many new features in the works.  If you like driving big rigs in a simulator you will love ATS.UPDATE: 10/2018New Mexico and Oregon added.  Many small bugs eliminated.Now you can own your own trailers and haul cargo.  Personally I don't want any.  It narrows down what you can haul.  You can't haul cargo that doesn't match the trailer.  Your workers will be running empty too often while trying to find the correct cargo.  I have 40 trucks and 40 drivers,  What a mess that'd make. :)
Beldz	Recommended	104.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/beldz/	Fun and relaxing game. Slow development but it's still worth full price. It is most fun with racing wheel. Fully recommend.
funx24x7	Recommended	39.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/funx/	American Truck Simulator takes the already proven formula of Euro Truck Sim and improves upon it in several aspects.The richly detailed landscapes coupled with dynamic roadside events like police stops and traffic accidents bring a fresh sense of realism to the world. Having grown up in California I've driven the routes featured in this game many a time and can attest to the nostalgia-inducing attention to detail that the developers have put into the environment.More importantly, however, I was able to fulfill a lifelong dream of mine and finally drive up one of those runaway truck ramps.There is still room for improvement, the AI is essentially the same as ETS2. It'd be nice to see car accidents or police stops happen in real time at random. Also, there are only two truck brands to choose from. I'd love to see more classic brands like Mack or Freightliner. However, for the price I definitely think ATS is worth it.If you're a fan of Euro Truck Sim, you'll love the improvements that this game has to offer. If you're a fan and you're from the U.S. then this is a must have.
kmoots	Recommended	173.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198800042262/	I like that it give syou freedom to drive and fell like a real truck driver
Dreamcatcher	Recommended	59.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197978049429/	I had no idea this game would be so much fun!
XtremeGamer221	Recommended	268.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198223838996/	Pretty good and fun game. My PC is not for gaming or is powerful. And I noticed that it's also not a powerful as my Xbox 360, but the game runs great. And I love how SCS have made the states unique to each other, especially New Mexico and Arizona. I recomend this game for people who like driving games and some nice scenery also.
salt	Recommended	21.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/templeinperu/	Great graphics, great gameplay, great driving, great environments, and great trucks.td;dr:Great game.
XxRedPandaxX	Recommended	140.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198178449622/	I gotta hand it to SCS for doing an amzing job with American Truck Simulator! Best Simulator ever!
chaotic38	Recommended	25.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198243647600/	Not everyone can get into simulators. I can understand their reasoning in not wanting to play simulators, but if you do pick up one simulator, make it ATS or ETS2. These are great games that offer that feeling of traveling and seeing other places from the comfort of your own home.
River2003 (SlayerFan)	Recommended	491.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198061674500/	Great game I wish they add it all of the states
Ryan E.	Recommended	108.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198128511170/	Every bit as good as ETS2. Now features 100% accurate U.S. Law Enforcement!
Farmer John KY	Recommended	497.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/farmerjohn06/	Great game. If you haven’t already, be sure to download TruckersMP with it so you can play multiplayer!!
Graph Paper	Recommended	66.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198322470411/	It is a fun game and a great way to virtually tour the west coast i deffintly recomend getting truckers mp the multiplayer mod with rhe game to go truck with ypur friends
CyberSkull28	Recommended	542.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/max-em-out/	This is one of the best trucking games I've ever played! If you're into trucking, than this is something you wanna pick up.
MrCrashed	Recommended	52.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mrcrashed/	Worth it on sale. Great potential but lack of content gives it an Early Access game vibe
JoJoCan	Recommended	48.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/JoJoCan/	One of the best games on PC!!Get a wheel and it makes it that much better :)I have a G27
ExtЯeme	Recommended	50.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/leo_williams/	I can literally sit all day just playing this game.Cruising along the freeway, with Dr. Dre on the track, and knocking over any stupid npc car who stands in my way.Just fantastically relaxing gaming experience.
Lonely Wolf	Recommended	3,375.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198281910365/	hi ,this game it was my first game ,on steam ,i have more them 2,000 hours real time ,it relaxe me ,so much the best of the best.i can still playing hours and hours ,and i dont get tired.for me. i love truking ,American Truck Simulator.
sina_tahamtan	Recommended	8.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/sina_tahamtan/	One of the best simulators is here!In this game you can drive on the super-highways of California and get a real sense of driving.
scugnizzo89	Recommended	266.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198072379680/	DO NOT DRIVE AND TEXT Simulator (American Version)
miloguy	Recommended	816.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198139561102/	I just love trucks, played a lot of Euro Truck Simulator 2 ! Now here we get to driive in the USA!  The game runs fine on my very old pc, and I just love exploring and driving around ,Traffic can be a nightmare but thats the same in ETS2 ... keep an eye outfor the smokies ! One of the most stress free games out there,  Can't wait till more states come out!10 4 Good buddy!
Dragon9519🐉	Recommended	11.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Dragon9519/	Better than EST2. It has better graphics, more alive gameplay example: random road events.
RaptorGaming XP	Recommended	1,927.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198218986917/	BEST GAME EVER IV'E PLAYED 1,488 HOURS ..... make that now 1900 hours
f0500050605	Recommended	57.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198148334876/	You look at it. you say its a reskin of ets2. you play it. you say its a diffrent Game
☎need4naiim☎	Recommended	591.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198254090976/	My first review of this game was 20 months ago, but developers have added so much content for gameplay, so i have to renew my review. I will try to keep it as short as possible, but if one feels it is already longer than he/she could read, i do not recommend this patience-centered game for them. Lets begin:#this is not an action oriented game.#It has both singleplayer and multiplayer(accessed via truckersmp website account).#there is not a valid answer for questions like "How many hours does it last?" here, though there are Steam achievements and new achievements are being added when a big DLC arrives.#drivable machines are only the trucks which can attach/detach trailers. #no dump trucks with hydraulic rams and no announcements about them yet.#purchasable goodies in gameplay are conventional trucks with daycab, sleeper and aerocab sleeper, drivers to hire for owned company, upgradable garages scattered in 4+ states.#base gameplay is driving alone with your truck, hauling goodies with several choosable trailers or delivering goodies as a hired driver using different companies' trucks.#There are 4 licensed truck models from Kenworth and Peterbilt. Community is waiting for new trucks from SCS(developers)#Both inside and outside of trucks are customizable, including engine and gearbox.#there are myriad number of trucks, trailers, engines, truck&trailer skins, sounds,....etc. from modding community. They can be downloaded and used very easily. Some of them are even better than default licensed models. Cab-over-engine models, old trucks, past time trailers can also be found from modders. Majority of those mods are free, but paid mods DO exist too.#Initial game scale was 1:35 and there were only 2 states. Now, the scale is 1:20 and present states are California, Nevada, Arizona, New Mexico(DLC). Oregon(DLC) has been announced and it will arrive this year. #all states have good quality and variety; covering detailed cities, city outskirts, plains, mountains, coasts and huge valleys. They could have been even better but Game would have been a lot more expensive with that kind of micro details everywhere.#there are also map mods which can cover even the whole North America. Though their quality are not same as game developers.#Heavy cargos(DLC) and double&triple trailers can also be hauled.#there is day/night cycle, we can sleep in gameplay, but no winter season as of 2018.#we can not get off the trucks and walk as in an openworld game.#Graphics are very good but not THE best.#Sound quality is more than enough. Especially engine growlings are satisfying for the majority of US truckers. xD#software is GPU heavy, not stress CPU a lot. With higher GPU models, gameplay visual quality increases for sure. It feels like a real 2015/2016 spec game.#physics of machines do not have true 100% simulation, but it does not feel weird. Still better than several racing games. Latest game versions got the needed update for a much better WEIGHT simulation across all axles of trucks&trailers. So that we can review the trucks condition for several different type of cargos we are about to deliver.#SCS will continue to update this game for years to come and they do not plan to stop the game development in near future, at least as long as DLC sales are good enough. They just hired new people to enlarge mapping team of ATS.All in all, if you have an affinity for American nature and/or American big rigs, you will eventually find yourself getting this game one day. Thanks for reading! 
FLAMES	Recommended	34.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198356663261/	This game is really nice, also very relaxing. I often play when i just wanna relax and enjoy so music with it.The only this i want the developers to look at is that they should add new trucks of different brands.
Error Part 3 -	Recommended	474.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/fheyemf/	I feel calm all I play this game :)
Cummins2000 (Mud Digger)	Recommended	726.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Countryguy2000/	Really enjoying the games and putting hours into it can't wait for what SCS Software have in store for us in the future 
AZR4Z0R	Recommended	76.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198035308081/	still in its' infancy, the game starting to stretch its legs.  the recent update adds more to the world with variety of landscapes and more mountains, especially in arizona.  bought this game because my hometown Tucson is in the game.Own a big rig and truck headquarters in my hometown: Priceless.the game is still evolving and will continue to grow in the future with the developers adding more states and maybe canada and mexico.
Weston	Recommended	17.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/WestonTheOG/	I actually know what side of the road to be on.10/10
silviefox	Recommended	84.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/silviefox/	so far is a really great game and boy do i love it. but HUGE HUGE downside is they seam to want $12 for each state as DLC!!! so what by the time they make all the states what is it going to be a $576-$600 game?!?!?!?! i think that is a bit much,  maybe they should add a season pass or something were you pay one fee and get all the states as they come out
Iamlegend13	Recommended	162.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198106305608/	I can't believe I have logged over 150 hours in this sim.   So peaceful and fun to just hit the open road.
Loadhaul	Recommended	502.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/loadhaul/	A perfect game, that strikes a perfect amount of detail. work as your dream job, as you truck through well recognised landmarks, and grinding that money and your skill up, until that day comes... Buying your first truck. That truck will travel you over 20,000 miles, as you grind, unlocking upgrades, and hire drivers to work for you. Buying garages for your trucks.  (Top Gear) *Some say this was just a re-skin of Euro Truck Simulator 2* This is far beyond a re-skin this is like a whole new game. Deliver for so many company's and prove your skill by challanging reverses.Featuring realistic rain effects, and a strong physics engine.Multiplayer mod is a whole new division by the friendly team at "Truckers Mp" (Not related with SCS Software) Perhaps build or join a trucking company (VTC) or just truck around with friends ussing in game chat! Attend massive convoys that are all over the map. Fully Wheel campatible which takes you it a whole new would, just like a real trucker, shifting through 18 gears (G27 Shifter). *Positives*- Very strong physics engine- Well thought out- Well recognised landmarks with neatly done city's- Fully licensed and overwhelmingly well detailed trucks!- Good ai - Lots of new things *Negatives*Unfortunatly lacks realistic road physics, but still good. I strongly reccomend this brilliant game! 10/10
[S.PLH] Birdhouseman104	Recommended	276.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198123545493/	This is one awesome trucking game! The map is very extensive, trucks are well done, and it feels very realistic. Though it does lack some content at this point, there are plenty of mods out there that really enhance the experience you get from this game! This game will only get better with more and more content that comes out of updates!
cycy	Recommended	122.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/lych33p1e/	I would say that American Truck is almost the same as Euro Truck. What's different is the sceneries, trucks, trailers and of course the road. I personally like the game, but at the moment the game itself is getting boring due to its relatively small map and scale. But the dev are working on it so I guess it will be much more better soon. I would recommend buying this if you have already own Euro Truck. But if you are planning or deciding which to buy between american or euro, I would totally recomment Euro Truck first before American.
Francis	Recommended	9.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Francis9871/	realistic trucking simulator, good graphics , drive manual or automatic. ajust mirrors, seat, wheel, respect speed limit & red lights. world full of cars driving around and other trucks and cops and all sorts of vehicles,cities , fuel stations, garages, etc...customise your truck , choose your jobs depending on distance , cargo type , or pay.large world with alot of road to drive.take a large bank loan , buy trucks , hire drivers , manage your company & drive your own deliveries at the same time.listen to music for long distance travels , take beautifull screenshots to share with your friends , all trucks are customised.drivers need rest, trucks need fuel.i played with keyboard & mouse , mouse steering.
FroogL	Recommended	75.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/northway123/	Such a relaxing game. Perfect for when you just got off work.
Aleksandr8824	Recommended	93.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/aleksandr8824/	Very cool Game, great to just relax and enjoy the sights of the U.S while your delivering your cargo from state to state. unfortunatley not a vast selection of trucks or interesing cargo to choose from, and a bit lacking in the DLC department to add more content, if you want more variety, certainly go for Euro Truck Simulator 2, but still an alright game.
Interritus	Recommended	48.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/speetonurgoat/	American Truck Simulator;As you can tell from the name, it's a simulator. It's based off the Euro Truck Simulator series and made by the same company so if you enjoyed ETS you'll want to pick this game up as well. Let's just start this review off by saying, simulators are not for everyone. In American Truck Simulator you take the wheel of an 18 wheeler across California, Nevada and Arizona. (More states will be added at a later time) You start your own trucking company and make deliveries. As you progress the distance gets longer and the money you make increases. Honestly, this is one of the best simulator games around. It's a great way to just sit back, relax and pass the time peacefully. Nobody is yelling at eachother like in multiplayer games. The only thing you have to worry about is keeping your truck in its lane, not hitting other cars/trucks and stopping for red lights. I would definitely recommend this game to anyone who loves driving games and who maybe looking to get into simulators.Pros:-Great Time Passer-Good Graphics-Very Realistic-You Drive All Across the United States-Learn How to Manage Your Own CompanyCons:-There is none, buy this game.Final Verdict:10/10
|Agromex| GunPowder	Recommended	399.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/GunPowderOfficial/	Excelente juego, me encatan demasiado, actualemnte tiene buenos mapas como lo es Oregon y New Mexico, faltan camiones pero al menos ya tenemos el Volvo VNL en nuestras manos, hace falta mucho por completar pero eso se va dando durante el tiempo.
AlphaDiode™	Recommended	94.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/alphadiode/	It's hard not to compare this to ETS2 but that is the standard SCS have set for themselves. So what have they done well and what's new to like? They've done a remarkable job capturing the American feel of small towns, large cities, surrounding countryside and the AI vehicles. The detail that has gone into the local businesses is terrific. Graphics are excellent and on par with ETS2 with a slight improvement in texture quality. The game runs stable with not so much as a single crash or hiccup in 14 hours.It's also nice being able to drive American trucks and trailers, and is a welcome change of pace from the Euro HGV trucks. There is a new parking option I like when delivering loads that you can gain extra XP if you put the trailer exactly where the customer wants it or in certain places. It sort of harkens back to the challenge of the dangerous drives of Scania Truck Sim or Truck & Trailers though on a much smaller scale. The world feels alot more alive with NPCs that actually are busy doing stuff instead of just standing around and many other little details too numerous to mention. That said is there anything else not to like? Nothing really bad but it falls short in a few areas that I had higher hopes for:1. Sound - While the truck sound effects are adequate, many are recycled from ETS2. The engines sounds are just okay but inaccurate, engine brake is far too muffled and the air brakes don't sound anything like the Kenworths and Peterbilts I see everyday with their brash loud blasts of air, rattling diesel engines and jake brakes so loud you nearly soil yourself if you're next to one.2. Weigh stations - This is another new game mechanic which sounds good on paper but adds little if anything to the game. I'm not really sure what they're trying to do here but after nearly 14 hours of playtime I've been required to stop at two weigh stations and nothing happened either time so it doesn't add anything significant that I can see.3. Game size - The game world is small compared to the initial release of ETS2 and of course with all of the ETS2 map add ons, SCS has a very long way to go to catch up. It took a long time for them to just create two states and months for Arizona which still isn't available. It makes one wonder if they'll ever get the entire continental USA.4. Only two truck brands to choose from which is a real bummer. While I'm sure the licensing will be worked out eventually for other brands, they could have at least released them under ficticious names, assuming they're finished with the modeling. We really need to see Freightliner, Mack, International and Western Star to name a few.In summary I give it a recommendation to hard core sim fans, SCS fans or trucking fans but more casual sim fans might want to wait until the game matures more and more content is added.On to the big three things most people look for in a game I'll give the following ratings:Graphics - 9/10Sound - 6/10Gameplay -8/10Overall - 7.5/10
TheNippY	Recommended	5.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TheNippY_27/	===[ ❤ Player Bases ]===☐ Kids☑ Everyone☐ Casual players☐ Pro players☐ Hackers===[ ☼ Graphics ]===☐ Potato☐ Really bad☐ Bad☐ OK☑ Good☐ Beautiful☐ Masterpiece===[ $ Pricequality ]===☐ Full price☑ Wait for sale☐ Average☐ Refund it if you can☐ Don't do it☐ Free===[ ☣ Requirements ]===☐ 90' PC☐ Minimum☑ Medium☐ Fast☐ High end☐ NASA computer===[ ☼ Difficulty ]===☐ You just need 2 arms☑ Ez☐ Easy to learn/Hard to master☐ Hard☐ Too damn hard===[ ۞ Game timelength ]===☐ Really short ( 0 - 2 hours)☐ Short ( 2 - 8 hours)☐ Few hours ( 8 - 12 hours)☐ Long ( 12+ hours)☑ Endless===[ ♬ Story] ===☑ It doesn't have☐ Still better than Twilight☐ Average☐ Good☐ Fantastic===[ § Bugs ]===☐ Game itself is one big BUG☐ Bugs destroying the game☐ Lot of bugs☑Few Bugs☐ You can use them for speedrun☐ Nothing♛ Overall: 7/10
Fnuh	Recommended	1.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/borsning/	I've always wanted to become a truck driver in America... Now I can do it! :D
MAFIO$O	Recommended	83.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198091110242/	 American yeah, truck yeah, simulator yeah :D Sit in cabin of your truck, start engine, turn on lights and open map. Choose from job list long, short, heavy or dangerous cargo. Attach trailer and start your journey.You start work for a company. When you make some money you can buy your first own truck. You can choose from two brands, Kenworth and Peterbilt. Each brand contains two models. First model is with vintage look and second model is with modern look. This is small con. Devs should add more brands and models of trucks, but if you want drive in your favourite truck you can go look on workshop and maybe you will find it. Now something about map. Map is not big and there is only 3 states in basic game, but each state is make with more details then basic map in Euro Truck Simulator 2. Cities are bigger and looks more realistic. Cities have parked cars near roads or on parking lot. Towns have more life than in ETS2. The roads outside of cities are good too. There is a lot of long highways and country roads thourgh desert or forest. So don’t worry, you will not get bored on road. Sometimes you will have funny and bad times with AI drivers. They drive in some cases very strange. Devs should improve AI. On roads you can find random events, like car crash, road work or damaged bus and many more. So when you driving sometimes you must react to this situations and you are not bored by clear roads. You can set how often will this events spawns. If you want bigger map buy DLC or search for map mods. The game offer good variety of cargos. Trailers are have different lenght, because USA doesn’t have spefic rules for size of trailers. There is double trailers and in Neveda you can have tripple trailer. Driving with it is quiet difficulty. If you think it is easy, buy Heavy Cargo DLC, which is really challange to drive with 55 tons heavy load. I recommend to you make profile on World of Trucks. You will get more jobs and you can easily find cargo which you want, because more offers, bigger chance. ATS is game not about skills of giving headshots or finding place where to hide. This game is about relaxing driving in US country, so if you like driving simulator this game is must have for you ;). 
ladson72	Recommended	342.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ladson72/	American Truck Simulator is not a game for faint-hearted people. This game will push you to the limits as driving a real truck through the long roads in USA will surely do. This is not an action game, a FPS, a RPG or even a pure simulator... this is a work of love from a small Czech company that with ups and downs has been in the trucking simulation franchise for 20 years now. If you fancy trucks and gaming simulators, you have to get this game. The game is still short of a large map and more trucks, but if you look to its bigger brother Euro Truck Simulator 2, surely we will get the same amount of content in a short time. America Was Always Great in this game... This is simply... As Intense As Real Life!P.S. I don't have any affiliation with SCS Software.
Wellsy1498	Recommended	88.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198061199735/	A fantastic game that builds on the success of ETS2. More polished and better optimised. Once there is more content this will be fantastic.
Egg-Roll	Not Recommended	204.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Egg-Roll/	In its current state I cannot even suggest buying it for half the price. I'm overlooking the Map and Truck section as those will increase in a month or 2 in the future.Pros:-Annoying Cops (one was behind me when I was "speeding" and gave me 2 tickets before I got enough speed to pull away)-Cops actually turn their lights on like 18WoS-AI seem to give similar concept to truckers-Texture Detail (those who own Scandinavia will see a clone)-Rights on reds works flawlessly (not a good thing when you don't need to stop...)-weight scales-obscure parking jobsCons:-All trucks sound the same, or at least the ones I've driven (only 2), Engines the same, horns the same... Modder's have real truck horns and they are not licensed in ETS2, Why do we not at least have this?-AI is far more buggy than its Europe counterpart! I've witnessed so far 2 cars in front of me "sliding" sideways going straight as well. Very hard to see if you're not paying attention-AI just vanish right in front of you, and I'm going to assume can do the same (explains me sideswiping a red truck, that should of been visible in the mirror)-AI have a wide yield to you space, you even start turning out of your left turn lane you will stop traffic-If you can't stop and go thru a yellow-to-red light you have a 90% chance of getting a "just cause we can" red light ticket-Cops wont chase you, you just get a auto ticket.-Scandinavia Clone0 effort seems to of gone into it, but as a "map mod" with 2 trucks (for now), with working cop cars and right turning abilities w/o fines.Should you buy it? Only if you like Steampunk. After that offer is up wait 6 months for 50% off... You waited this long you can wait longer, to pay what it is actually worth!Do i regret buying it? No, but I don't agree with the price. For $30 CAD it's possibly the most expensive least content game I own, and I own tons of useless games.
Semp	Recommended	81.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/sempg/	 Far more than re-skin of ETS2 When you buy American Truck Simulator, you are buying two things - an excellent base game, and the promise of significant expansions/DLC/improvements over the next years. The game as it is now is already excellent - the world, although maybe a little small compared to Euro Truck Simulator 2, seems far more detailed and far more alive than some of the parts in the base ETS2 map. Of course, the game engine is pretty much the same and it will feel very familiar to ETS2 users. There are, however, plenty of things to enjoy in ATS - from challenging deliveries to long open roads, not to mention those great American trucks.With California and Nevada in the game at the time of writing this review, the world can feel a little small. In my current 33 hours of gameplay I have visited all major towns and have explored over 75% of the map, something which would have taken far, far longer in Euro Truck Simulator 2. On the other hand, with a free Arizona update coming soon and the promise of significant map expansions through DLC, American Truck Simulator is only going to get bigger and better over time.This is a great single player experience, that can also be enhanced through multiplayer play with the Truckersmp mod which is easy to install and free. If you are tired of driving around California and Nevada on your own, join up with some friends and join a convoy! TL;DR A great single player and multiplayer experience that promises to get even better as more content is added to the game by developers. Well worth it for people who enjoyed ETS2 - it is more than re-skin and it is also a great introduction to those who sneer at or have not had the pleasure of enjoying truck simulation.
kool3040p	Recommended	2,841.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kool3040p/	American Truck Simulator is a fun exciting game which I play on a daily bases I love to drive my truck scs thank you for such a fantastic game Happy Truckin
W¿sekrakr	Recommended	4.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/wisekrakr/	I played ETS 2 for hours and hours... and now... I can cross through a small part of America, but America nonetheless. It has the same gameplay as ETS 2, with some tweaks here and there, but nothing completely different. Get in your truck and start doing jobs for cash ;) and go for your own company. Then do more jobs, pass through all the available cities and see the sights while delivering some explosives or something. So if you like to relax with some music and sit back while America passes you by outside the window, this is the game for you! Keep on truckin' !
AaTrez	Recommended	90.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198142812528/	- $800 fine for going over speed limit 1 mph.- $800 fine for not having headlights turned on at night.- $800 fine for very gently bumping into another vehicle.- $800 fine for avoiding sleep.10/10
The Fisher Prince	Not Recommended	17.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198122932791/	Not a bad game (has some flaws). Obviously european game designers can't accept the fact that our roads over here are just so big and wide but they do believe in just how big the vehicles are. Makes the game unpleasant in a very uncomfortable and unrealistic way. I don't recommend it until there is FAR more content. To put it simply, by the time Eurotruck 2 was this old they already had most of the UK and the Going East DLC. This game has FOUR (4) states, each of which are as large or larger than the European countries included in ES2 (upto the Going East DLC) and yet only one of the states is as "fleshed out" (number of locations, diversity of included roads, etc.).Truly the makers of the renowned ETS2 calling this game "American" truck simulator is very misleading. This game should be called "American South-West simulator" because that is the extent of the coverage of a VERY LARGE CONTINENT.  America is a continent that dwarfs the entirety of Europe and more than Half of America is CANADA. You know, the SECOND LARGEST COUNTRY IN THE WORLD? And apparently the makers are still only "maybe considering adding Canadian locations in future DLC".I feel like SCS sold this game (ATS) as an American version of their ETS2 game. Unfortunately they don't seem to be able/want to deliver that premise and instead are going to release (tiny piece by tiny piece) an American version equivalent only to the base game by the time all the DLC has been released. This is pathetic.At least change the name, This game is not simulating America the way ETS2 simulates Europe. The game should be called "Europeans idea of Trucking in America : South-West United States ONLY Edition"
TheRealCelticBatman	Recommended	55.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/celticbatman/	Oversimplified, it is ETS2 moved to the US.  Different models and terrain, smaller scale distances and time goes quicker, but the same game, basically.  SCI is moving to a DLC sales model where this will undoubtedly result in incremental charges over the next several years, just like the ETS2 model (if not more ambitious).  Modders have already had their way and sometimes made some nice things, but nothing close to ETS2 yet (which is logical).This will be a great game, it just might be expensive to see it.bought on sale with a coupon, paid $16 and it was worth it.  7/10.
[AFOE]Satheon	Recommended	78.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198368709909/	Hello everyone. So to start this off I love this game. Its a new thing I tryed and I liked it.  So first is that single player is great ,but dont play it all day long it will get old. Just play it for 3-5 hours. You can also getmods like TruckerFM which makes it have a multiplayer. This is how people rack up  200 hours on this game lol. I am still playing and I just now finished exploring the cities. This game is still  expanding . The next state is Oregon  . Hopefully they go faster! I would give this game a 8 or 8.5 and this rating could change in the future. This is a indie company so don't make fun of them for going slow lol. KK have fun on this game. Once again dont kill me for my spelling.         Ok   guys I think I might have a good idea of the next states. Most likely..we will get Oregon, Texas , Washinghton  or Utah for the third  one. KK Guys PEACE!
Cowman	Recommended	26.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/CowmanII/	THE GOOD:-Game is graphically great, everything looks as good or better than ETS2. You should be able to run this at the same settings as ETS2. You can also copy over your configs from ETS2. Just go to *\Documents\Euro Truck Simulator 2\profiles\###### and copy all the .sii files then go to *\Documents\American Truck Simulator\profiles\(same #### as ETS2) and paste them in there.-Gameplay is just as fun as ETS2-Trailer dropoffs are more varied. You can have them do it for you for no bonus XP, "do it safely" which is an easy dropoff and gives you some bonus XP or you can do it for real which is usually difficult for 40-90XP. There's an option in the menu to just choose one but you can always have them park it for you or change the dropoff point if it turns out to be too hard.-There's a huge amount of environmental pieces and NPCs. Driving through the desert you'll see tumbleweeds rolling across the road, helicopters flying by, airplanes and even military jets zooming over, parasailers, blimps and just so many little details that keep things interesting and keep you looking around for the next little detail.-Devs are dedicated to it and have promised support for a long time. They did the same for ETS2 so I have no doubts they'll continue working on this.THE BAD-Game is limited right now. There's only California and Nevada along with 2 trucks. SCS has promised to continue adding states and they're working on Arizona right now. There's licensing problems with the trucks but they'll add in more as they get that sorted out. This will no longer be a problem in the future but at least both states have a lot of road and detail it still feels small.-Traffic AI is really bad. Lots of cars/trucks driving straight into you without braking or caring. While it is a realistic depiction of American drivers, it makes for very frustrating gameplay.-Police are harsh. America doesn't have a bunch of speed cameras so instead they added in random police cars that will ding you for going a few over the speed limit. Some people have said that it seems like the police are more lenient on highways and stricter with backroads which might be true but I haven't verified this. It's a good new system but extremely rough on new players.-Fines are huge. $900 for speeding. $800 for running a red light, even if you stop a bit late but aren't blocking traffic. Once you get some money flow coming in it isn't a big deal but it's hard on new players. It was the same thing in ETS2 however with the new police system it's a lot easier to get ticketed for speeding so it racks up fast.Overall, it's a fantastic game and to put it simply it's an improved version of ETS2 but set in America. There's only 2 states and trucks at the moment but there will be more in the future. It's well worth the $20 asking price and will provide just as much entertainment and fun as ETS2 does.
DarkSephiroth90	Recommended	111.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198042000002/	I first saw this game when it came out on a videogames website. I started playing and it was simply amazing. This is the game I've been waiting for my all life, a game that makes you feel like you're really driving on the US roads. There isn't anything else that gives you this kind of feeling. If you love this game like I do, of course you'll put it aside now and then to play other things, but you will always come back, start your truck engine, and drive along those amazing roads. The game is always supported and expanded by the developers, can't imagine how it'll become in a few years. Congratulations SCS Software, you realized own of my gaming dreams.
(ETH) Rothbard	Recommended	28.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198059169964/	Another masterpiece by SCS. I would like to play this game in a persistent world (universe) multiplayer mode. It is my dream!
Th3xAvenger	Recommended	76.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Th3xAvenger/	I am surprised how addictive this game is, I find myself driving up and down California and Nevada daily, I wish they whole 48 Continental united states were included and maybe Canada and Mexico but from what I read the free DLC they relese are the new states they are working on and hope to have North America at some point I am excited and hope they are able to deliver.(Pun intended)
bigboy4884	Recommended	402.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198120699606/	+beautiful graphicsanimated peoplescool motorsoundsL.A.! San Francisco ! Las Vegas !-(nothing)
Th3xAvenger	Recommended	76.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Th3xAvenger/	I am surprised how addictive this game is, I find myself driving up and down California and Nevada daily, I wish they whole 48 Continental united states were included and maybe Canada and Mexico but from what I read the free DLC they relese are the new states they are working on and hope to have North America at some point I am excited and hope they are able to deliver.(Pun intended)
SafetyDance	Recommended	71.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198094453555/	The game is pretty self-explainatory, so I'll keep it brief.Pros: Large number of options plus customisable controls - drive with keyboard, keyboard+mouse, steering wheel plus various nuances. You can set up the gameplay the way you see fit Devs keep updating and patching the game, the community is active and the amount of mods is insane Map scaling of games made by these devs is seamless, you shouldnt have any problems with it Good for listening to audiobooks or podcastsCons: This is a game for people with certain mindset. Reconsider before buying. Distant objects and some locations look a little too fake number of trucks in unmodded game  SummaryReplayability, community, frequent patches, modability - the game is worth the price. 
Ne[0]n	Recommended	208.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/2525680590/	Product received for free
Come Back Later	Recommended	39.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Come_Back_Later/	great game, id like to see more updates and more trucks like from international and such
Ford Explorer	Recommended	1,176.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/lukelam227/	Heres my stupid review:This is my second favorite game! It's on of the most relaxing games I've played also. I have built most of my followers on Twitch off of this game.  The community for ATS is so great and full of a lot of nice people. ETS 2 is just like this game, but if your short on money, get the one that you like the style of more. But anyways, You can find me doing jake break drifts/rolling my truck all across Las Vegas.
topace88	Recommended	70.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198047752428/	I thought it would be interesting to play this game for a few hours, so I got it on a steam sale.  I was wrong.  I have played to date a significant # of hours.  I think I like it so much because it is relaxing.  Nothing like sitting back, looking at the scenery and driving.  The sounds of the engine, the feel of the steering wheel, and triple screen support, transports me to another reality, a more relaxing reality than real life.
cedwardsmedia	Recommended	20.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/cedwardsmedia/	Really enjoy the realism this game brings. It really adds a nice touch to a genre that was quickly dying,
builds and beers	Recommended	55.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Jollysoot/	Overall great relaxing game 10/10
wobblycaptain	Recommended	636.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/wobblycaptain/	Its a great american trucking game / simulator the trucks and trailers look fantastic you can play on wheel , mouse, keyboard and joypad.For the best experiance i would recommend using a wheel , pedals and shifter.The game as mod support and steam workshop for lots of extras to add in game.Also there is now alot of DLC available i would recommend the add on maps dlc and heavy cargo  as a must have for this game.Bigger trucks and trailers make this more of a challenge to drive in the game than ets2 which has small trucks and trailers however both very good games .If you want the boys toys then ets2 is for you if you want the mens machines then its ATS all the way  :-) "Great Games both of them i have them both"Keep on trucking
Fidget Skinner Dickripper	Recommended	8.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/skinn3rthewinner/	Closest you can get to driving a war rig from Mad Max without getting chased by crazy dudes painted white.10/10
wobblycaptain	Recommended	636.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/wobblycaptain/	Its a great american trucking game / simulator the trucks and trailers look fantastic you can play on wheel , mouse, keyboard and joypad.For the best experiance i would recommend using a wheel , pedals and shifter.The game as mod support and steam workshop for lots of extras to add in game.Also there is now alot of DLC available i would recommend the add on maps dlc and heavy cargo  as a must have for this game.Bigger trucks and trailers make this more of a challenge to drive in the game than ets2 which has small trucks and trailers however both very good games .If you want the boys toys then ets2 is for you if you want the mens machines then its ATS all the way  :-) "Great Games both of them i have them both"Keep on trucking
Fidget Skinner Dickripper	Recommended	8.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/skinn3rthewinner/	Closest you can get to driving a war rig from Mad Max without getting chased by crazy dudes painted white.10/10
N00T	Not Recommended	134.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198025417734/	I want to love the game, I really do. I enjoyed ETS but wanted to have that experience on my home continent. The problem is, despite the devs expressing interest in working on ATS, its been a year and a half and they've only got the game up to 4 states. The concept of the game is supposed to be at least the 48 continental states, maybe working into mexico and canada in the long term. At this rate the game wont be done until im dead.The big draw for me with ATS was that you'd have at least the continental us to play in. They're taking so long though that I'll no longer have interest by the time it comes out. Meanwhile I see either equal content or sometimes even more still coming for ETS. I imagine they have a bigger community, and as well they should; its got the whole continental European map at their disposal. Its just sad that a bigger focus hasnt been put on developing the ATS map.
Road Runner	Recommended	187.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/roadrunner1/	ATS very much looks, feels and plays like ETS2. Whether that's a good or a bad thing is very subjective. It's perfectly understandable that some people call it a glorified DLC and that there isn't much content at the moment. But let's be honest, the game is also priced as a glorified DLC :)    The base game consists of the standard assets and the state of California. All other content is added in the form of DLC's This can be both free or payed DLC. Like in ETS2, new trucks will be added to the game for free. Currently, due to licensing issues, there are only the Peterbilt 579 and the Kenworth T680. SCS already has a few more trucks ready to roll out as soon as they have the approval. The first two new states are also added as free DLC. Nevada was released together with the base game and Arizona will be added soon, altough soon can easily take a few months in SCS terms ;)Graphics and performance have improved over ETS2 but not by a huge margin. I think ATS looks a bit better with improved textures, especially the roads. It's also more detailed and has way more variety in the scenery, while in the stock ETS2 map it was just more of the same. The engine also seems to be better optimized, wich results in a bit smoother fps. Only 64-bit is officially supported this time. SCS is offering an unsupported 32-bit version for a limited time, wich can be obtained via de Betas tab within the game's properties. The game can perfectly be played and enjoyed with a controller. Settings like sensitivity and deadzone can be adjusted for the analog controls. Off course, a keyboard also works but... don't, just don't. For the full experience, a steering wheel is highly recommended, just as much as with a (semi) realistic racing game. It's a complete gamechanger. If you also own a TrackIR, great, another gamechanger! All SCS' trucksims have native support for this device. A neat new feature are multiple ways to park your trailer. Not in the mood for difficult parking but just pressing Enter is to fake? Just do it the easy but 'legal' way and just drive your rig forward in the designated spot. However, this will off course result in less XP than you would have gotten when parking like a boss.  I do have some minor complaints. ATS still has the same simplistic road network that ETS2 has.  Travelling from city to city is over just to quickly. Than there's the AI -_- It has improved over ETS2 but it's far from perfect. There are still many AI drivers who never passed their driving test and somehow managed to get a car. Remember those creatures in ETS2 who stopped on the highway to let you merge? They're not only living in Europe. The game also doesn't have much variety in AI vehicles. Well, noting that the modding community can't fix. ATS has the same extensive modding support that made ETS2 a huge success. That also puts the lack off standard content a bit in perspective, unless you don't want to use any mods. At the time of writing, there are already lots of mods available, including drivable trucks, cargo's, AI vehicles, skins etc. Map expansion are just a matter of time. SCS took their sweet time to release this game and many expected a bit more content at release. I'm sure they will take care of this, like they did with ETS2. That game is well over three years old now and is still being worked on. In the end SCS delivered the quality that we come to expect from them. If you played and like ETS2, you will feel right at home in ATS. Even with it's flaws and weaknesses, it's still that ultra relaxing driving experience that so many people love.
HannibalSmith	Recommended	343.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198056054399/	Wow - since the rescale this really has got the feeling!No driving game has that much bald eagles going on in my stomach.Yes, it is only three states at the moment, but what a driving experience.And with some mods regarding ai-traffic and some more trucks it´s hitting the next level.Highly recommended!
Fuller McCallister	Recommended	109.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ezazegyediurlem/	Big machihes, big success! :)
RichManSCTV0™	Not Recommended	87.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/RichManSCTV0/	Even though this is an amazing game the reason I can not recommend it is that the game has been out over a year and only has 3... 3 of the United States. The game came out in Febuary and they added 1 more state in June, modders have already created the whole US, some of Mexico and Canada. It feels like to me that the game creators are slacking so much. My first SCS game was 18 Wheels Of Steel Across America, and they made that series up to American Long Haul.Another issue is that as of now there are only 4 trucks, that is it. FOUR. The game is a full release but feels like a awful early access. In American Long haul, driving as fast as you can , it takes you about 2 hours real life time to cross the map, in American Truck sim (post large rescale) it takes you about 35 min to cross the map.I love the game, don't get me wrong, but they are really slacking. Lack of trucks, states, and so on. This is not "American" truck sim. It is just Nevada, California, Arizona truck simReview update: They will be adding more states!! But for a cost...
ZemunBRE	Recommended	15.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/nevenapetar/	What to say about this game... that everybody already don't know...SCS is a synonym for trucking simulation and they did it again, made a game that is better than previous one .Game is impressive indeed, from graphic, sound to gameplay, everything is in it's place! And beside all of that it is very well optimised that low/medium PC specs can run it on ultra settings.I can't write of actual gameplay impressions at this time because of limmited content, therefore I will edit that part on later date. BUT I know I will very much enjoy it, heck I even do now just looking at game beautiful landscape, npc's living their lifes, listening to powerful engine sound....just great!PRO's:+Can cause addiction; known symptoms; bad smell, pain in back, often sleepy, angry family members, prevention; take often walks on fresh air, bath at least once a day, eat,drink and go to toilet regulary+Beautiful graphic textures and modelsYou know I was a truck driver for 7 years, no BS, and only way I can get back to trucking is in SCS games.+Fun and easy to start it if you are new in this type of games (but you aren't ^^)If you somehow manage to roll this over 2000-3000 hours of play-time you will probably know why I quit that job xDCON's:/none/Note:Even with updates coming soon, my opinion is that it was better to delay release for a bit until more content is in the game. Now I suggest you all BUY this game, try it a bit, and live your lifes until update comes.
Justin	Recommended	68.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/chiefjustin/	ABSOLUTELY no sissies or wimps allowed on the long haul. stop reading here if you're a wimp.first off - I've been driving trucks professionally for over 30 years. I've racked up more miles while rolling coast to coast than I can count. discluding the lack of "friends of the road" and road beers, this simulation really encapsulates the freedom of the open road and gives drivers the opportunity to really become a silent guardian of the highway. laying that hammer down on the first on-ramp is truly an unforgettable experience. 10/10.now stop reading reviews. man up son and hit the road for the long haul.
faithful	Recommended	110.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/theweekoldlunch/	As a long time ETS player, i can say that this game has a new feeling to it.The enviroment feels different and also looks fantastic.The trucks(not many, but still) have very good audio quality to them, the models are also detailed.We have a multiplayer, which is pleasure as always.A new chellange for little money, recommend.
Burner96R	Not Recommended	0.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Burner96R/	Feels very limited; should have been Early Access. Having actually driven these routes in real life here in California I was disappointed I couldn't hit some of the major towns and cities as well as other major highways. With the state of DLC realeases in computer gaming I'm concerned I would have to pay for more states. Its work to make all that which I understand but I dont want to have to make more purchases to make it feel complete.The game looks good and plays well. I think a lot of people will really like it. For a casual truck sim user like myself I will save the 20 bucks and just play ETS2
Heavy Metal Phil	Recommended	47.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/oldgravy/	*Spends half a day doing company jobs to pay for W900**Buys W900, then paints it a more AMERICAN Appropriate color.**Tries to make America Great Again by doing 90 MPH on the Interstate whilst listening to Hotel California on max volume**Flips truck on off-ramp**But it looked patriotic as ♥♥♥♥**Got towed by patriotism*11/10 would make the Off-Ramp American again
Sgt.Good18	Recommended	273.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SgtGood18/	American Truck Simulator is by far the best Simulation game ever created. Long Hauls, New cities, States. Places we've never seen before! I Highly recommend this game to all Steam Users! Remember to Drive Safe at all times.See ya'll on the Road!
iibeid	Recommended	261.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198120304588/	after rescale update - amazing
SimonVsTheWorld	Recommended	15.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/simonvstheworld/	There's something just so addicting about driving a truck and doing menial task.
Nathan	Recommended	162.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/nathanhealy1/	American Truck Simulator - This Game Comes With Amazing Graphics and Brilliant scenery While Driving To Your destination. This game also has more better and harder realisic trailer parking spots, It does also have easy parking or skiped parkingfor the drivers who are in a rush. My personal Opinion it is a really good game and I love the work that S.C.S hasput into it, I cant wait to see the game extented even further. I Recommend this game if you have played Euro Truck Simulator 2 or if you like trucking.
Cobra	Recommended	108.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198190135211/	very good high detailed truck realistic graphics i would rate the game 10 out of 10
[bluestreak] Thomas	Recommended	7,997.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ThomasNorwegianTrucker/	Coool
Tarso	Recommended	916.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TarsoSousa/	The game is very relaxing to play, if you like simulation games this one is surely for you.
█ NO FILE	Recommended	112.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Yonaga/	>be me, 31 years old chinese driver>driving on a highway>like no traffic, straight forward, no bend>lone police car in front of me>police stops immediately with no reason>i bump into police car and had to pay 1600$>mfw this game is the best murica simulation i have ever played
Daniel Wither	Recommended	1,442.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198139158046/	 Good Game fun to play great with mods for the off line and some even work for the on line game add on (it is a free add on too).    System does not tax low end system by using too much resources like other driving games do.  This game barely even makes most systems sweat even on the highest settings.   I recomend this game for those who always wanted to drive the big rigs.
rmx^-^	Recommended	29.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/rmxx_/	Super realistic until you get into a small garage and can't move your truck out. You then ask for service and you get the service just fine but then crash again because your semi is too big.
Zuкээ	Recommended	203.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Ordo_Satanae/	- Same engine used in Euro Truck Simulator 2, with improvements.- Map much lower so far (area exploravel), but more worked graphically.- Development of frequent and well-made updates (my opinion).- Whoever played / plays the 18 Wheels of Steel series, will like the game even if it is in the initial phase.- Developers intend in the final version to cover all North American territory.* I recommend multiplayer mode that uses the original game (no mods) as a base.
Liam_Neeson	Recommended	255.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198045348196/	This is a great game Id say. Definetely worth buying.  You get to drive trucks for jobs, make $$$, handle your own truck business and hire drivers that make more $$ for you. Its pretty neat. Very realistic game.  Gotta follow the traffic laws including speeding, lights, and going to weigh stations and toll booths, or you will be fined. However, there is an option where you can unclick traffic offenses and do whatever the heck you want without the police doing anything.  Free roam the roads of California( truck speed limits suck..), Nevada and Arizona. There are mods you can add inside the game such as making traffic lights longer, adding more reallistic traffic than what they normally have and some other cool stuff. I love the game so far as been playing it over 80 hours now.  Overall, great game!
FallbackRegent	Recommended	169.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198394363082/	more heavy haul trailers
tkk7406	Recommended	55.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/tkk7406/	American Truck Simulator offers the unique American environment, landscape and trucks, while the game itself shares many similarities with Euro Truck Simulator 2. That means excellent gameplay, good physics and more than decent graphics for an overall relaxing and unwinding game. Modding is just as easy in ETS2 as it is in ATS and there are several mods that you can download for the game to enhance your experience.The big plus with this game though is the quality of the map and environment. The developers at SCS showed the community that they do put effort in mapping with the Scandinavia DLC for ETS2 back in 2015, and then there was ATS. The states are really nicely done and I hear that they are very realistic too (though I can't personally confirm that myself). You really do feel like an American trucker to some extent with this game, as you drive into the sunset with your American truck crusing on the desert. I would have thought that with all these new assets and improved map quality that performance wouldn't be as good as it was with ETS2 but I was proven wrong. As far as I can see, it is a win-win situation.My only gripe with this game would be the time taken to release new content for this game. It has been over a year since Arizona was released that we saw New Mexico in game. Given that many still prefer playing ETS2, I'm not sure if SCS' current development strategy and resource allocation will see many new fans for ATS. I don't mind the price as long as it is reasonable, but I do think that I would have spent many more hours on ATS if the content kept on coming because unlike ETS2, ATS really needs it to expand its fanbase.Overall though, I would recommend the game, especially at the £3.74 that Steam is currently asking for during the Autumn Sale of 2018. It is a game worthy of its price.
Roknori	Recommended	108.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/roknori/	Overall: Highly recommended, some pros, few cons (almost all cons can be overlooked without issue), and a surprisingly delightful game.Track IR for the game works wonderfully. VR though could use a little more structuring for a more natural feel.I was fairly skeptical of this game at first, I'll admit. Now as control methods for games are important for myself, I've used three different ones: Xbox One Controller, KB/M, and (the strangest to most) X-52Pro HOTAS. I don't possess a wheel to play the game with but have friends that do that absolutely love it for this game. KB/M was extremely touchy for driving itself. The wheel either turns left/right or doesn't at all, and by turn I mean it's all the way right and all the way left. Xbox One Controller surprisingly works well and is fairly customizable. Combo key presses with the controller didn't work at the time of testing the xbox controller, so that was a bit of a con. My HOTAS though is what I majorily play the game with and absolutely love it. It's just as fun to explain to someone when I'm streaming the game that I use a HOTAS to play as it is to actually do play the game with it.Gameplay for ATS is fairly straightforward. You're a new driver when you start off wanting to build a trucking company but have no truck of your own. You can do jobs for companies with their equipment (truck and trailer) to start to gain enough cash and experience till you can buy your own truck. Sadly there's only two brands of truck available in game: Peterbilt and Kenworth. I'd consider it a con that there's only two, but hope that there's a plan to introduce other available truck brands and designs to the game. Trailers are provided for all hauling jobs, so there's no worry over buying your own trailers.Garages are upgradable to where you can hire more NPC drivers and purchase trucks for them to drive. Once the NPC is assigned to a garage and has a truck assigned for them to drive they do delivery jobs for you within their skillset, which can be trained up as they perform jobs. So higher trained drivers will bring in more money.Other garages can be purchased in other cities to open up more NPC driver slots and assign more trucks. Garages can also be used as Quick Travel points for the player to move to different areas instantly.Majority of the game otherwise is exactly what the game looks to be. You take a job from companies that need stuff transported from A to B. Once this is done you can search the local area of B for a new job or Quick Travel back to a Garage you own and find another job heading to the same place or somewhere else. Traffic is sometimes a total pain, much in reality, but generally a non-issue once you hit the major highways. The trucks drive and feel fairly realistic when operating. There's simple controls and advanced controls for trailers, meaning it can be as easy as backing up to the trailer and hitching it, or up to several steps before being able to drive off once you've backed up to it.You can free roam with just your truck bobtailing around exploring areas, so there are definitely some sights to see within the game itself and plenty of achievement to hunt and 5 hidden achievements to find.
Sedina	Recommended	33.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198034888313/	I do not drive trucks for a living, nor have I ever.In fact, I don't even drive a car - I live in a major US city, and some medical issues prevent me from driving safely. When I could drive a car, I didn't enjoy it.So why am I in love with this game?I bought this on a whim. Hey, it's $20. If I hated it, I could always get a refund. I played for about half an hour the first time, barely making it out of the tutorial. I had chosen the third "level" of controls (shifting and mouse steering) out of four, which made the game unintelligible to me. I considered, and discarded, the idea of getting a refund. It was a neat game, but definitely not for me since I never knew how to drive a standard anyway.Then I started it up again later that evening... and I've been playing for hours ever since.Something about this game is so soothing, so freeing - it's unbelievable. The graphical fidelity reminds me of GTAV, although (obviously) less detailed and not bothering with animating humans. Neon blinks uselessly in open starry nights, proclaiming doughnuts here / left turn only / ACME goods. A year ago, I took a ride with a friend out into the wild empty desert around Barstow (and yes we did have Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas audiobook playing while we did so). This game does a wonderful job at capturing the grit and loneliness of that open, alien world.I finally figured out how to not roll backwards when I get to the top of an onramp. That was a good thing. I feel clever when I do things like this - I understand now why people drive, I think. Downshifting to slow down when I see brakelights flash briefly in the distance... and then, sure enough, there's a traffic light I didn't anticipate but I'm already slowed down!... these things make me feel that private sort of joy you get in any video game when you make a particularly difficult play.I don't know why I like this game. I'll never be great at it, and that's okay. I have no interest in trucking, or driving, in the real world. But I wanted to write this review to let people know that this game might grab them in the way it did me.Give this game a try.One quick edit while I'm thinking about it: Most of the negative reviews here are due to two main factors:1. Actual, real, live, human truckers disappointed that the game does not perfectly capture the depth or distance of driving for 40+ hours at a stretch (I am okay with this; I have no desire to sit for that long). I understand, but I disagree with, that as a criticism. Games must remove some of the tedium from real life.2. People giving temporary thumbs-down because the existing world is rather small. True. There are only two states out of the forty-eight that comprise the continental US. The company has stated they will add more.
HaziBrickBear	Recommended	16.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198037085209/	Just waiting for the Western Star 5700.
ForEverBlade	Recommended	54.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ForEverBlade/	I love this game. Its fun and addicting.
ForEverBlade	Recommended	54.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ForEverBlade/	I love this game. Its fun and addicting.
Slim Jones	Recommended	649.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198102136180/	Of all my games on Steam I've logged the most hours in ATS.  It's definitely my favorite and I enjoy most everything about it.  The only dislikes I have about the game are the strict way speed is enforced and how any accident is your fault.  AI traffic does cause some accidents but you will always pay the fine.  You do have the options to turn off traffic infractions so that makes up for the dislikes.  The game is very immersive and very pleasing to the eye.  The scenery is great and the map has been expanded in size.  While it may take a painstakingly long time to get more states it's worth the wait in my opinion.  SCS is doing an excellent job getting this simulator right and it shows.  The mods in Steam workshop are easy to apply directly into the game thanks to the built-in mod manager.  I will continue to play this sim for a long time thanks to the quality of the stock sim and the mods available!
lostboltz	Recommended	86.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198044835539/	You can drive around and explore and try to make yourself some money. My wife literally makes fun of me everytime she sees me playing this. She says League of Legends has more value than this, but I find it relaxing in a way. You put on some tunes and drive cross country while trying to avoid those stupid speed traps where the speed drops from 70 to 30 in what feels like ten feet. Also you can honk the horn at everyone and nobody seems to mind!
3 Point Layup	Recommended	40.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198114880274/	American Truck SImulator, the one game I can play for hours on end and get laughed at by my friends because they think this game is boring and a waste of money. They're just jealous that I discovered this beautiful game before them. They don't know the love and desire that my Peterbilt and I feel when we are together. My absolute favorite is flooring my truck for what feels like 3 hours then hitting a construction zone on a steep hill that reduces the speed limit to 35 in a 75 for just long enough to slow me down again which screws me over and let me go 25 mph up a steep hill on the interstate. Or maybe passing a cop on a 2 lane bridge and somehow getting out of the way with my super crazy ninja driving skills. On a serious note, this game is a great game to just relax and take up some time. I am especially pelased with the New Mexico DLC as I have been a resident of the Land of Enchantment my whole life. I really enjoy driving around Albuquerque and the Big I noticing how accurate everything is. Especially considering my great city gets absolutely no attention in the video game land so I was very happy to explore my great state and compare and contrast.11/10 Honestly, chances are if you're looking at this review, you probably want the game. Save youself the time, and get it. Take the time to admire and enjoy the game, and you will be hooked. Also reccommend the New Mexico DLC. Explore our great state.
ChinesePanda!	Recommended	314.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198281643485/	It's like the big brother of Euro Truck Simulator 2, focuses on running your own company, relaxing, but only relevant for those like relaxing games.
Dinker	Recommended	235.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197976917134/	Never thought I would fall in love with such a simple, yet elegant simulator.I even decided to start a career in trucking and gained my Class A Commercial Driver's License, because of this game.Great job, SCS Software. Keep it rolling.
Harry_TNR	Recommended	62.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Harry_TNR/	Awesome game love doing long trips
JT	Recommended	20.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jezzabee91/	f&*king mobile police speed cameras! :Pbut seriously, great simulator. plays quite well on my little old laptop too. its nice to play and unwind at the end of the day...until you get stuck behind a tractor wanting to turn across a motorway... *5 hours later* MOVE!!!!
Jorlock	Recommended	24.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/JormaG1/	American Truck Simulator gives the player a hint of how it feels like to be a trucker in the USA. Ofcourse I'm not a trucker nor an American. But according to Euro Truck Simulator this is the case. Simulator only has few states so far, but more is coming. It's somewhere between a game and a simulator. Easy to learn, hard to master. This is good choice for those who want a relaxing game to spent time on, or those who really want to simulate truck-driving.
StevenJam	Recommended	85.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/StevenJam/	American Truck Simulator is one of the best trucking simulator to date. Now that SCS has rescalled the map we have a large area to drive and it takes time to get places unlike it taking 10 minutes to get from Las Vegas to Los Angles. I would recomend this game if you like driving and enjoy a relaxing game.
RevNWave	Recommended	1,831.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198219110831/	Best Truck Simulator out there! Recommended to by! Only one bad thing is you need a pretty good computer for this game, due to the beautiful graphics in this game. Best Truck Simulator out there!
Siminator	Recommended	126.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/abouttokill/	Euro Truck Simulator 2, but it takes place in the Western United States. Though it would be nice if there were more expansions to popular cities like Detriot, Miami, New York City, Chicago, etc.
Mac Diddy	Recommended	16.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/MacDiddy/	Overall I'd recommend Euro Truck Simulator 2 over this game, however this game is certainly still fun to play and worth your time.Pros:-Better graphics than ETS2, but still I recommend mods to improve them.-Relaxing.-Awesome landmarks that encourage exploration.Cons:-Not near as much base content as ETS2. -Runs a bit badly, I've had problems with fps in cities, and I have a GTX 980.-The trucks are tough to drive on account of their massive size, so that makes it a bit stressful. 
Viper King	Recommended	28.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198349312219/	daca iti place ETS 2 iti va placea si ATS
thelaw1021	Recommended	139.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/thelaw1021/	If you include the latest patch increasing the size of the game, this is relaxation at its finest.  The scale is perfect and I finally feel like this is the United States I know and love.  I was drving in game just last night from Barstow to the 10 on the 15 and realized that I recognized the canyon I was in because I'd been through that area multiple times to visit family.  Before the rescale there were elements I recognized, mainly in the cities, but it was missing that authentic American feel because of some inconsistencies - Namely roads intersecting freeways.  I think it about drove me nuts and had me avoiding that particular intersection as much as possible.  Now I don't have that worry and it just feels right.  Tthe additional detail they added in the rescale makes it even better.Thanks to SCS for a quality product, for taking the time to listen to the community, and for capturing the true essence of America.
Ron Smith	Recommended	173.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/rsmithjr70/	Awesome! I highly recommend getting this if you like real trucking.
truckerjoe4444@gmail.com	Recommended	3,233.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198440086173/	I love the game I been playing 2 years  my name is Joey Fernandez I sm s real trucker i been driving 40 years i have my own KW900 2018
-iPh03nix-	Recommended	272.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/iPhoenixROmania/	Pros:-Very Relaxing-The World feels alive-Good Graphics-Multiplayer is very cool and players are RespectfulCons:-Only 4 Trucks (2 Peterbilts and 2 Kenworths), rlly SCS? Only 4? Well...you can add mods for single player but in multiplayer i think it gets boring at some point.-Not a lot of customization at this point. ( but again you can add some mods for singleplayer)-Fix the Antialiasing, is pretty bad :POthers:-Traffic should be more violent-More traffic in the cities-Traffic(again) is too blurry in the distance and sometimes you can see how cars/trucks spawn in the distance-Add more events :) They`re very fun.- STOP MAKING DLC`S SO OVERPRICED (NEW MEXICO), or this game will transform in ets2 soon...Overall:I prefer this game over ETS2, the world feels alive, and on multiplayer you are respected in traffic by others :)...Thanks to the community, of course! (I am from Europe)
FishGB	Recommended	11.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198029770290/	Games that have Atmosphere ie; the little things, they make all the difference. This game has it, I drive along and see car crashes, police coppers searching in the sky, cars over taking (and doing it normally and safely) If I speed, I get a ticket.. and loose money, even a crash costs XP! This is my first Simulator type game but Im hooked!! Fantastic game :)
The_FalcoN	Recommended	91.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/the_falcon1/	Lovely game
theSabretooth	Recommended	142.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198284009855/	Best truck sim out there!
Der Kommissar	Recommended	52.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/MeinFreund/	Pros:-Great landscapes and detailed city's-Weigh stations implented-Aircraft (helicopters, jets)-Dead bushes-Detailed AI Traffic-Police Sirens when you get a fine-Improved Graphics-Realistic Roads-Compatibility with H-Shifter steering wheels (G27 i.g.)Cons:-Same Interface as ETS2-Only 2 trucks to choose from (I know that there are coming more, but they could've used fake brands like they did in ETS2)-Lack of truck customization options compared to ETS2-Lack of pedestrians at certain points (Some points do have a lot of pedestrians, but some not, which are perfectly made for pedestrians)-Fines are overpriced-I miss a CB Radio from what they did in 18WoSOverall, I really enjoy playing this game but like every game there are some points that can be improved, and if you look to the greater things of the game, you forget some of the cons.8/10
tobrago	Recommended	224.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/tobrago/	A good game, a good choice, I recommend.
Xx3NED	Recommended	17.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/xx3ned/	When you start playing it at first, it looks kinda like ETS2, but its better, harder, and more accurate. Amazing roads and Buildings, almost the hole map is very cool.Finally, the speed cameras and the police is a good thing, it makes you angry sometimes tho xD, Thanks SCS. 
Old Gamer	Not Recommended	47.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198116695038/	First impression is if you have played ETS2, then you'll absolutely be at home with ATS. The streamed US radio really does add to the atmosphere (ha, I heard what sounded like Johnny Cash singing Personal Jesus in the first 5 mins of playing).Pros:  It's a whole new environment for ETS2 fans.Cons: Whilst the scenery is nice, the graphics are looking very dated. Even knowing beforehand about the police being everywhere, I still managed to be $2k down on my first run trying to be as careful as possible. Ugh! I know it's early days but the map is pretty sparse - like driving in the UK only on ETS2. The miles seem smaller which makes the maps feel quite small. Some game breaking bugs like the retarder suddenly being stuck on for no earthly reason and unfixable or the "turn right" feature not working.I recommended this game at the start, but experience now says that the Devs need to fix quite a bit before you'll get your moneys worth even at the low price on release.
J.P.MOTORSPORTS	Recommended	761.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198142936666/	Another great game from SCS, only 3 states for now but loving it anyway.
Ford7000/7600Man	Recommended	93.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198079410708/	This game is a good game. I am not a personal fan because I'm from uk but for ones who love the American trucks and world this is the game for you! 9/10
kkj04	Recommended	196.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198319428266/	American truck simulator is a great game for people who want to grow up an be truckers because the game is just so realistic to real life
Bigfakr	Recommended	563.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198054128751/	Same as Euro truck, fantastic game but needs more content.
MetalHulk105	Recommended	7.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/metalhulk105/	Bought the game. Set the parking difficulty to skilled.  Spent the next 30 mins parking the trailer in an alley during the tutorial mission using nothing but the mirrors from the cabin (and no damage). 10/10 would do that again. American Truck Parking Simulator.
jvrodrigues	Not Recommended	95.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198135892452/	This game could very well be named Euro Truck Simulator 2 DLC - Going WestThe base game includes only two states, California and Nevada. You also get The Arizona DLC for free. Even if you buy the New Mexico DLC let's face it: That's 4 out of 50 states.Ok let's call it Euro Truck Simulator 2 DLC - Going West to 8% of USAThe truck selection is also thin. You have two Peterbilt and two Kenworth trucks.In ETS2 you have Volvo, Scania, MAN, Mercedes, DAF, Renault and Iveco trucks.Should you buy it?If you own ETS2 and you're tired of roaming Europe and want to explore new locations, then sure buy it. It's the same experience as ETS2.If you don't own ETS2, buy ETS2 instead of this one.
𝕭𝖔𝖇☕🐱🐬	Recommended	619.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197972642306/	I can't believe I never gave this a review. Maybe it's because I love it as much (maybe a bit more) as ETS-2, and I just got wrapped up in it.However, it's American, and it has those nice big conventional trucks I'm familiar with, and use to drive back in the day, and I'm also use to the roads, and their markings. So naturally the edge comes to this game for me. No more of those "Baby Cabover Trucks for me!"That being said, both games are masterfully done, and if you ever drove, or wish to drive those big rigs, then this is the game for you. It's gotten several major facelift's since it first came out. Especially the AI, and the map. I haven't played since February, and I was pleasantly surprised by how many improvements I saw.EDIT: October 6, 2018Now features the Oregon map.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=752643522/http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=619483011As Always,KEEP ON GAMING! 🐱☕👍 
Skoden	Recommended	3,117.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/xXSKODENXx/	My parents figure I was conceived in the coffin bunk of a cherry black '93 long-hood 379 Pete and ever since I was spit out, I've eat, breathed and slept Trucks. The first trucking game I ever played was 18 Wheels of Steel: Across America on a laptop on the steering wheel of a 2000 W900L in late '03 after release as my Christmas present. I bought the "Kinetic 9W9" and painted it the same shade of purple as the very truck I was sitting in and was Immediately hooked with the rest, history. 13 years later I'm running a beautiful black fully licensed W900L shined to the nines with the needle buried in the left lane and passing other players like they're standing still(online multiplayer mod that is insanely awesome) which truly is a dream come true. This is hands down the greatest trucking game I have ever played and I have played many, many games with alot of different forms of tractor trailers and anything that even resembled them. Two huge thumbs up from this 'ol kid!
Luigi?	Recommended	221.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/imluigitv/	To put into perspective how fun this game is ... I used to be a delivery driver and couldn't wait to get off work so I could play a delivery driver simulator.
RageFu	Recommended	36.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ragefu/	Eu dirigi muito, mas muito tempo até perceber que não havia engatado a carga no caminhão. 7/10
James	Recommended	3,425.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Jsweden/	Truck simulation at its finest.
laidbackdreadhead	Recommended	1,054.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198247959540/	Awesome Game! For the young and old. I love it........ Reminds me of my grandfather! 
Nathanimall	Recommended	17.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/nathanimall/	Product received for free
Hazardous-Drunk	Recommended	83.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Hazardous-Drunk/	Love love love this game, Lot of truckers in the family so this is a nice relaxing time for me..Graphics are great, AI isn't the brightest but adds more suspense  , tons of mod options.Only thing I can really complain about is the truck selection, and I know it isn't the devs fault but hello Licensing people (Its like free advertisment for you, let them add trucks)And also lacking cities in the 3 current states and states in general.
TheFrostBible	Not Recommended	14.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TheFrostBible/	I'm buying American Truck Simulator, not drive through 3 states simulator. It's fine to have the ambition for a project like this but don't screw over the consumer by having the new states as a DLC, at f**king 11,99.
Hazardous-Drunk	Recommended	83.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Hazardous-Drunk/	Love love love this game, Lot of truckers in the family so this is a nice relaxing time for me..Graphics are great, AI isn't the brightest but adds more suspense  , tons of mod options.Only thing I can really complain about is the truck selection, and I know it isn't the devs fault but hello Licensing people (Its like free advertisment for you, let them add trucks)And also lacking cities in the 3 current states and states in general.
TheFrostBible	Not Recommended	14.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TheFrostBible/	I'm buying American Truck Simulator, not drive through 3 states simulator. It's fine to have the ambition for a project like this but don't screw over the consumer by having the new states as a DLC, at f**king 11,99.
BS Broadcasting	Recommended	109.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198030762078/	I'm a driver IRL, and my wife and friends find it so strange that I play this game. What can I say I love ATS!! It's just a super fun relaxing game! I just hope the add all the states and more trucks.
DeevFactor	Recommended	69.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/DeevFactor/	After waiting a long time, SCS brings their truck simulator franchise back to the United States and I'm really enjoying the time spent in it.  While it may be only a couple of states covered, there is a lot of potential of having the entire country mapped out, even if that means multiple DLC map expansions.If you're a recent truck sim player, you may or may not be aware that the developers of Euro Truck Simulator 2 and ATS have developed the 18 Wheels of Steel series during the 2000s decade and it has been a while since the late time they focused on American trucking in 18 Wheels of Steel: American Long Haul.  Since then, the map scale has increased a great deal, focusing on more American cities than ever before.  While some have noticed that the scale is a bit more compressed in comparison to ETS2, it doesn't seem to bother me as I understand that there is already a daunting task from the small development team as it is.  The same goes for the number of trucks because of their focus on wanting only licensed trucks in the game.  You can count on the modding community to address these shortcomings quickly and new official trucks get added in for all players at no charge, as was the case in ETS2.It is generally the same basic gameplay as ETS2 and there is nothing wrong with that.  A couple of new features have been added to set it apart: weigh stations and multiple parking spots.  The latter adds some of the more challenging parking trials to the player and tests your skills. Or you can skip those challenges if you want to keep things simple.In spite of the smallish map, there is some nice attention to detail from the silly billboards in Vegas to the amusing amount of burger and donut places,  A few faults with how some of the intersections are laid out, particularly with the less than ideal traffic light situation for cars wanting to turn left. Having a left turn only light would be helpful.  Police presence are rather plentiful and some have complained about frequent tickets, but it really helps to pay attention in advance to when the speed limits change. Just expect some inconsistency with speed limits.For the price, it's really worth it regardless of if you're an old veteran or a newbie wanting to know what trucking sims are all about.
atecom	Recommended	105.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/atecom/	Most games these days are America simulators, as you go around heavily armed shooting other people who are quite often also heavily armed. This game covers the small part of America those other games miss, the long open roads and wide array of vibrant scenery.
SkyRzma	Recommended	244.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/skyrzma2/	8/10 need more details to cities but I only recommend getting it if you have steering wheel
drewski8484	Recommended	229.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/drewski8484/	There are a lot of people that cry, scream, whine, and gripe that this state or that truck isn't in the game, and quite frankly I couldn't care less. There are dozens of cities, thousands of miles of roads, a strikingly diverse landscape, and delievery routes that take significant time to complete. There are plenty of mods to suite your taste beyond that.For me, this is a relaxing and entertaining game where I can pick a route, turn on the radio, and just get lost in the drive. I've got a steering wheel and pedals purchased for sim racing that work great for this game. Without a wheel I think there wouldn't be the same experience, for what it's worth. The game is constantly expanding and devs seem to do a nice job updating the community. The dev team is growing as well, and it seems that lately they are churning out more content quicker. I'm rather happy buying states and content as the pricing is reasonable and the quality is excellent. Looking forward to more long drives!
\/|P3R $RT	Recommended	134.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kickaasss/	American Twin of Euro truck Simulator 2(ETS2), but no where close to vastness of its sibling.. The dev seems to be more concentrated on improving ETS2, and thats the only issue with this game... Its been quite some time since this game map has been updated, but the game community is up for rescue with lots of Mods published alomost every day. Worth playing if You prefer American trucks over European ones..
Mad	Recommended	641.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/MadTrucker/	Product received for free
BroDuck	Recommended	45.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/BroDuck/	American Truck Simulator is a trucking simulator (bet you wouldn't have guessed) by SCS Software, who are best known for  Euro Truck Simulator 2. This game takes the ETS2 formula and puts it in Southwest America. Disclamer: I'm not a hardcore simulator fan, I just like driving in trucks.ProsDetailed Map - It's fun driving around and seeing advertisements, "UDS" (UPS) trucks going to make deliveries and more.Fair Pricing -  $20 for the amount of content is just right, and there will be some extra free stuff coming soon.Relaxing - Awesome to put on an album and make some deliveries.ConsFew States currently - I still think that the price is fair and it balances out properly.Three Trucks currently - ^No Cabin Acessories like in ETS2 - Wish that this was in, possible to come in the future. 
WyEastNate	Not Recommended	59.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/wyeastnate/	So now they are expecting me to pay for each state? i bought AMERICAN truck simulator, not California truck simulator.Looks like EA bought out SCS at one point.As for the game, i would hardly call it a simulator, due to many factors, such as inaccurate handling, management, on and off ramps, AI, and i could go on in to more detail if needed.But seriously, charging $12 per state at this rate it'll be close to a $600 game! it is NOT worth $600 at it's current state.
✝Unétür™✝	Not Recommended	11.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/backgroundspace/	Почему я должен платить за доп контент ( Часть страны, а именно Нью-Мексико) которая вроде бы как должна быть в игре?Подождите, тоесть я купил игру 10 февраля 2016 года за 1200(вроде) и я получил 3 штата, из 50! - а уже за 4 должен платить??! Нее, спасибо, я покупал игру а не обрезок. Жалко деньги, надеялся игра будет отличная, лучше чем Euro Truck simulator 2, а на деле... На данный момент я не рекомендую эту игру к покупке.Why should I pay for ♥♥♥♥ING additional content (Part of the country, namely, New Mexico) which seems to be how it should be in the game?Wait, Ie I bought the game on February 10, 2016 for 19.99$ and I got 3 staff, out of 50! - And already for 4 must pay ??! She, thank you, I bought the game and not cut. Sorry for the money, I hoped the game will be excellent, better than the Euro Truck simulator 2, but in fact ... At the moment I do not recommend this game to buy.
ToxicDoggo	Recommended	75.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198198794294/	sweet game
TiMM V	Recommended	15.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198352761529/	Awesome game with steering wheel, 18 speed shifter & pedals. The only thing I would like to see is when playing online that they add AI vehicles like cars and small trucks and other things just DONT add AI semi Trucks leave that for real drivers online. Overall a fun game.  Would recommend this game. be sure to download the online add-on. 🚚 
Catratio	Recommended	208.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Catratio/	This is the best game. I don't even like driving in real life, like the ocean is only an hour and a half away and I never go because I just hate making the drive. But I have no problem sitting for two straight hours doing a single haul in-game from Arizona to Northern California. I think you have to be the kind of person who, when they play GTA, ignores the missions and just drives around looking at the city and following the traffic. I like seeing how authentically the game has re-created many of the areas I've either lived in or visited, it's very true to reality. I'm 80 hours into the game and have only explored 72% of the roads. The map is huge.There are tons of options in the menu. You can adjust your seat height, steering wheel, the angle you face, the angle of the mirrors, weather frequency, and tons of driving and brake options. For someone like me who didn't know anything about trucks it was a little overwhelming, but you can set most of the stuff to automatic and it will hold your hand until you learn the ropes, then you can slowly adjust things to be more and more toward the simulation side of things. You can also import your own mp3s or listen to real internet radio livestreamed to your truck as you drive. The base game gives you three states to start with (California, Nevada, Arizona), and New Mexico is DLC with Oregon just announced to be available soon. NM is well worth the money since it is a large area, the towns are becoming much more detailed, and it's just a lot more scenery variety. On the matter of DLC I would also recommend the Heavy Cargo pack that includes 9 unique oversized loads. You need a beefy truck to haul them but they're a lot of fun since you have to be more aware of how you drive, your surroundings, and they give a nice extra challenge. A+ game, GOTY, already made it into my top 10 of all time.
LimpWilly	Recommended	53.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/740830374/	You can fall asleep while driving in the middle of a busy interstate.11/10.
Demio	Recommended	493.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/EpicTropican/	Great game to pass the time, and if you're in to trucks, this is the game for you. Gives a different feel compared to Euro Truck Simulator 2, everything is bigger like the roads, trucks, and landscape. This game has lots of future potiential with 3 states so far (As of August 2017) and 47 states to go, just imagine the time it would take to go across the country lol. Love this game to the max, driving your big truck across the land with the music of your choice is the relaxation. There's also Multiplayer (3rd Party Addon) so you can have Convoys with others. Great game, SCS Software doesn't fail us again!
Blackbird	Recommended	100.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/3cet6/	If you ever wanted ETS2, but in US then this game is exactly that. Nothing significant changed.After the recent Re-Scale update the map size feels just right and I say this as someone who tried the demo and didn't want to buy the game until the scale is changed. Kudos to SCS for owning up to their mistake.
UnionCarbide	Recommended	197.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/unioncarbide/	This is the video game equivalent of meditation
Enigmatic One	Recommended	53.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Enigmatic01/	The game is exactly like Euro Truck Simulator 2 except it's in America. It's an awesome game, as I was expecting it to be. The graphics don't really seem any different to me, maybe a little more vibrant and much more to look at in the world compared to ETS2 but nothing has really changed. The only downsides I see right now is the fact that you can only play in 2 states at the moment which are California and Nevada (Arizona is coming soon as free DLC). I think there are only two truck manufacturers at the moment, which from what I've seen are Kenworth and Peterbilt. The timescale is a lot faster in ATS but I think that's because of how big the map is going to be once it's completely finished... which makes sense I guess. I'm so used to the slower timescale in ETS2, knowing when I need to get gas and when to sleep, etc.... I got a bit thrown off in ATS but I'm getting used to it. This is a good game for those who just like to drive and want a realistic experience. Once the USA map is complete I imagine it will blow ETS2 out of the water, no doubt about it.
Rexz	Recommended	50.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198191005090/	Very good Truck sim with a lot of potential! Looking forward to what SCS team can deliver with this one. Been quite lenghty with the updates but when they do come, they are pretty good. Recommend it for people who want the feel of driving through the American West coast.
@willoneill	Recommended	6.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/willoneill/	It didn't take very long for me to tire of discovering America, but the freewheeling criminal I soon became has earned all of the forgiveness I never deserved.
Immo – /r/trucksim	Recommended	192.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/_immo/	Quite a nice game to sit down with if you want to relax with a game.
Mirko9	Recommended	226.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mirkozg/	If you're an European and if you don't have money to visit USA I highly recommend to you this game.Beautifull roads, cities and awesome nature around them.Another great thing is that you can play with your friends in TruckersMP multiplayer mod.
valjorge	Recommended	3,420.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198170079494/	This one of the best gmaes of 2016 in my opinion  this game is grat for anyone who loves truckingare who loves to drive
KnightTemplar74	Recommended	61.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mrkokott/	great game. one of my top 5.
Aykollin	Recommended	25.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Bpways/	Never played a driving sim before,  I have always been a sim city fan and to some degree enjoy other variences like sim city. I have had Euro Truck Sim for awhile tried it prior about 15 minutes with kb and mouse and controller. Meh wasnt any fun to me. I do like some driving games such as the gt series for playstation because of the reality and  having a purpose to the actual game besides just winning races. So i was browising the old youtube and landed on a good upload and found myself 45 minutes later still watching this game. I didnt want to jump the gun but i was curious to how much it would cost to get myself a actual wheel, pedals, and h shifter. Money isnt a problem i sunk alot in to my system but i do like buying when the price is right.. I happend to find a g27 with the mounting bracket do mahickey mabobber for 270. I was sold picked it up the next day and bought this..... Enough of about that  tho heres my thoughts.Pros... Realistic sim great handling and driving experienceawesome detail with a great mod communityFun, realistic and challenging parkingFeels like i have a purpose outside of just playing the game.The list could continue but lets be real what is there to say that has not been said before. Wait did i MENTION there still adding area to the actual game NEW MEXICO???Cons...  Warning these are not game breakers and are more so what i would like to see added not that they are actual cons per say on a normal game review.-Damage.. I would love when i get into a fender bender to see the damage on the actual rig.-Gps.. It is 2017 maybe have voice gps, or have dead zones on the gps where you might loose signal- Road Kill i would love to see some wild life or something besides just cars moving.. just a thought-Flashers when getting a ticket, i would atleast like to know where the cop was when he hit me with the radar guntheres more ideas than complaints but thats just my thoughts anyway10/10 this game is going to reach alot of play time has and awesome community and lets you feel the experience vs just experiencing the experience of another game.. Thx Devs and community i love this game!!!!
ksg	Recommended	28.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198026354784/	The resaon I play this game is becasue it is so relaxing.  Listening to the radio and checking out the beautifully rendered scenery.  It has amazing detail to everything, the shop windows that you can see inside, the buildings and people walking around, the trees and cars on the road.  Really makes it look real.  Highly recommended for an easy, stressfree game that will amaze you in the visual department.
seba737	Recommended	11.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/sexysebastian/	In my opinion, it looks better than their first simulator, Euro Truck. It's more interesting to drive american trucks around. Even though, its mp version is completely empty, nobody plays ATS multiplayer, so do not buy it if you expect driving thousands of miles with other truckers.
Beefy_Mcmanstic	Recommended	19.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198104218908/	Very fun simulator game, only wish that we could have more then the western states!
HighOffLemons	Recommended	147.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198339351460/	This Truck simulator is one of the best you can buy. This game is the 'big brother' to SCS's Euro Truck Simulator 2 with updated graphics, physics and content.The base game doesn't offer as many trucks as I'd hope with only 2 Kenworth and 2 Peterbuilt trucks. These trucks are customisable however it's not a lot you can do with only being able to change the colour/skin and changing tyres,rims and bumpers. Although there is many mods via the steam workshop or websites that allow you to download mods which allow you to add more trucks and various customisation tools.The physics of the game are amazing and feels like you really are driving a truck with a heavy load attatched. Graphics are amazing with great depths of detail in scenary and in AI vehicles. The game map is rather small compared to ETS2 however the rescale that SCS released a while ago did help with this however I feel like the development for the map in this game is very slow with only 2 states currently. I'd reccomend this game if you enjoy simulator games however if you have not already got ETS2 and don't know which one to choose between ATS and ETS2 I would have to say go for ETS2 because the community is a lot larger there and there is more base content with the game which allows for endless hours to play.
Aykollin	Recommended	25.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Bpways/	Never played a driving sim before,  I have always been a sim city fan and to some degree enjoy other variences like sim city. I have had Euro Truck Sim for awhile tried it prior about 15 minutes with kb and mouse and controller. Meh wasnt any fun to me. I do like some driving games such as the gt series for playstation because of the reality and  having a purpose to the actual game besides just winning races. So i was browising the old youtube and landed on a good upload and found myself 45 minutes later still watching this game. I didnt want to jump the gun but i was curious to how much it would cost to get myself a actual wheel, pedals, and h shifter. Money isnt a problem i sunk alot in to my system but i do like buying when the price is right.. I happend to find a g27 with the mounting bracket do mahickey mabobber for 270. I was sold picked it up the next day and bought this..... Enough of about that  tho heres my thoughts.Pros... Realistic sim great handling and driving experienceawesome detail with a great mod communityFun, realistic and challenging parkingFeels like i have a purpose outside of just playing the game.The list could continue but lets be real what is there to say that has not been said before. Wait did i MENTION there still adding area to the actual game NEW MEXICO???Cons...  Warning these are not game breakers and are more so what i would like to see added not that they are actual cons per say on a normal game review.-Damage.. I would love when i get into a fender bender to see the damage on the actual rig.-Gps.. It is 2017 maybe have voice gps, or have dead zones on the gps where you might loose signal- Road Kill i would love to see some wild life or something besides just cars moving.. just a thought-Flashers when getting a ticket, i would atleast like to know where the cop was when he hit me with the radar guntheres more ideas than complaints but thats just my thoughts anyway10/10 this game is going to reach alot of play time has and awesome community and lets you feel the experience vs just experiencing the experience of another game.. Thx Devs and community i love this game!!!!
ksg	Recommended	28.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198026354784/	The resaon I play this game is becasue it is so relaxing.  Listening to the radio and checking out the beautifully rendered scenery.  It has amazing detail to everything, the shop windows that you can see inside, the buildings and people walking around, the trees and cars on the road.  Really makes it look real.  Highly recommended for an easy, stressfree game that will amaze you in the visual department.
KnightTemplar74	Recommended	61.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mrkokott/	great game. one of my top 5.
TiMM V	Recommended	15.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198352761529/	Awesome game with steering wheel, 18 speed shifter & pedals. The only thing I would like to see is when playing online that they add AI vehicles like cars and small trucks and other things just DONT add AI semi Trucks leave that for real drivers online. Overall a fun game.  Would recommend this game. be sure to download the online add-on. 🚚 
Catratio	Recommended	208.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Catratio/	This is the best game. I don't even like driving in real life, like the ocean is only an hour and a half away and I never go because I just hate making the drive. But I have no problem sitting for two straight hours doing a single haul in-game from Arizona to Northern California. I think you have to be the kind of person who, when they play GTA, ignores the missions and just drives around looking at the city and following the traffic. I like seeing how authentically the game has re-created many of the areas I've either lived in or visited, it's very true to reality. I'm 80 hours into the game and have only explored 72% of the roads. The map is huge.There are tons of options in the menu. You can adjust your seat height, steering wheel, the angle you face, the angle of the mirrors, weather frequency, and tons of driving and brake options. For someone like me who didn't know anything about trucks it was a little overwhelming, but you can set most of the stuff to automatic and it will hold your hand until you learn the ropes, then you can slowly adjust things to be more and more toward the simulation side of things. You can also import your own mp3s or listen to real internet radio livestreamed to your truck as you drive. The base game gives you three states to start with (California, Nevada, Arizona), and New Mexico is DLC with Oregon just announced to be available soon. NM is well worth the money since it is a large area, the towns are becoming much more detailed, and it's just a lot more scenery variety. On the matter of DLC I would also recommend the Heavy Cargo pack that includes 9 unique oversized loads. You need a beefy truck to haul them but they're a lot of fun since you have to be more aware of how you drive, your surroundings, and they give a nice extra challenge. A+ game, GOTY, already made it into my top 10 of all time.
LimpWilly	Recommended	53.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/740830374/	You can fall asleep while driving in the middle of a busy interstate.11/10.
Enigmatic One	Recommended	53.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Enigmatic01/	The game is exactly like Euro Truck Simulator 2 except it's in America. It's an awesome game, as I was expecting it to be. The graphics don't really seem any different to me, maybe a little more vibrant and much more to look at in the world compared to ETS2 but nothing has really changed. The only downsides I see right now is the fact that you can only play in 2 states at the moment which are California and Nevada (Arizona is coming soon as free DLC). I think there are only two truck manufacturers at the moment, which from what I've seen are Kenworth and Peterbilt. The timescale is a lot faster in ATS but I think that's because of how big the map is going to be once it's completely finished... which makes sense I guess. I'm so used to the slower timescale in ETS2, knowing when I need to get gas and when to sleep, etc.... I got a bit thrown off in ATS but I'm getting used to it. This is a good game for those who just like to drive and want a realistic experience. Once the USA map is complete I imagine it will blow ETS2 out of the water, no doubt about it.
Blackbird	Recommended	100.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/3cet6/	If you ever wanted ETS2, but in US then this game is exactly that. Nothing significant changed.After the recent Re-Scale update the map size feels just right and I say this as someone who tried the demo and didn't want to buy the game until the scale is changed. Kudos to SCS for owning up to their mistake.
UnionCarbide	Recommended	197.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/unioncarbide/	This is the video game equivalent of meditation
gro	Recommended	17.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/gro41/	When I first bought this game I was expecting to be introduced to the game with the American national anthem playing in the background, with a morbidly-obese guy eating a double-cheese burger with a bald eagle screeching in the background. This didn't happen.I also expected an excellent game with fantastic mechanics and controls, amazing gameplay and beautiful graphics and scenery. That did happen. American Truck Simulator is THE game you want to get if you enjoy simulator games, or trucking games. It is very similar to Euro Truck Simulator 2, just more American-ised. But that's a good thing.So far it only has 3 states (if you include the free DLC):Arizona, Nevada and California, but they're planning to add more as time goes by. Even with only 3 states you are able to get tens of hours, if not hundreds of hours of gameplay easily, as it's still quite a large area and there's a lot to do in the game.If you've read all this and still haven't decided to buy the game, what's wrong with you?!-----tl;dr - buy this game.
ItsMeZack	Not Recommended	22.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ItsMeZack16/	This game is okay. I do not recommend this game right now as there is no content but down the road when there are more states I will recommend this game, This is too bad because ETS2 is a great game but ATS is okay as of right now. I would give this a solid score of probably 3/10NOTE: This review will be changed later.
The Great and Powerful Tavi	Recommended	921.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198068693749/	I bought this game a couple of months after it was released. I had NOT played Euro Truck Simulator 2 prior to this, as I had no interest in driving in Europe.The game was admittedly a little lacking in the early days. But in the nearly one year it's been out, the game has received two free trucks, a free state and a free rescaling of the entire map to increase immersion. Playing this game also inspired me to purchase ETS2, and I have been enjoying both games ever since.As a real-life trucker, ATS appeals to me. Anyone who enjoys ETS2 will probably enjoy ATS. The American trucks are bigger, but so are the roads. And much like ETS2 will give you the sense of what it's like to try and drive through the Cotswolds, ATS will give you the sense of what the American open road is like.
WaR-UK	Recommended	91.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198027803905/	Loving this just as much as ETS2 , it nice to beable to swap inbetween the two If you love ETS2  theres no dout about it you will love ATS just as much , the map has just had a new DLC (Mexico) as well and is well worth the money for the large amount of hour you can play these simulators , ATS and EST2 must be the best value for money games on Steam , if you like trucking that is
S1X BULL3TS	Recommended	2.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/S1X_BULL3TS/	Me: Hey, I'm pretty good at driving...This game: u thoughtIn all seriousness though, really in depth game that you can relax to, and feels great to play on a full racing wheel setup (I use logitech g920 + thrustmaster Th8a shifter)
JakeTheCake1055	Recommended	398.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198370350846/	Really nice game to chill out to
246scales135	Recommended	217.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198396360410/	This game is amazing as I still play it quite often. The DLC that comes with the game pushes the game to go higher than any expectations. If you have played any of the other games by SCS, then you would most certainly enjoy this one. Although there are only four states to play in right now, and only three of them are free, which is a little disappointing. Still, the graphics are amazing if you have a decent computer and you will never really get bored of playing American Truck Simulator.
Zed	Recommended	30.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/RealZed-/	Honestly its a Great game, I 100% recommend it. There's hours upon hours Of Fun, Very Relaxing, Very Easy, Not Difficult. I mean what else can I say GET THIS GAME!!!- Zed
opethnd	Recommended	60.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198078305693/	On paper, this game should be incredibly boring.  I bought it on sale, just to try it out.  This game is anything but boring.  It's highly addictive, and the detail is incredible.  Each milestone you achieve is very satisfying.  I would recommend this game to anyone who likes any kind of simulator game.
XzapZ	Recommended	178.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198025043108/	I will be short in this review.You come home after hard day at work,u sit on ur PC,start up this game,put ur favorite radio playlist or whatver u prefer,start drivin ur truck around beautiful locations and scenery,enter ur zen mode and ENJOY! :D
Uncle Monkey	Recommended	16.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/KBSTUDIOS/	This game is super fun. Highly recommended.
☭Joeymurphy100☭	Recommended	35.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/joeymurphy100/	I think this game is a great truck simulator.It doesn’t lag and the graphics look good.There are lots of different roads to explore and lots of different deliveries to make. There are two states California and Nevada but you can get the Arizona DLC which is completely free!You can also get the New Mexico DLC which is £8.99 I personally think that instead of making a new DLC for each new state it should just be added to the main game. £14.99 is a lot of money for just 2 states (3 states if you add the Arizona DLC which is free). However i still recommend this game because if you love trucks and simulation games this is the game for you.
KoTuDzer	Recommended	0.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198209124869/	Normal simulator! You can explore America and deliver.
S1X BULL3TS	Recommended	2.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/S1X_BULL3TS/	Me: Hey, I'm pretty good at driving...This game: u thoughtIn all seriousness though, really in depth game that you can relax to, and feels great to play on a full racing wheel setup (I use logitech g920 + thrustmaster Th8a shifter)
JakeTheCake1055	Recommended	398.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198370350846/	Really nice game to chill out to
246scales135	Recommended	217.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198396360410/	This game is amazing as I still play it quite often. The DLC that comes with the game pushes the game to go higher than any expectations. If you have played any of the other games by SCS, then you would most certainly enjoy this one. Although there are only four states to play in right now, and only three of them are free, which is a little disappointing. Still, the graphics are amazing if you have a decent computer and you will never really get bored of playing American Truck Simulator.
Zed	Recommended	30.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/RealZed-/	Honestly its a Great game, I 100% recommend it. There's hours upon hours Of Fun, Very Relaxing, Very Easy, Not Difficult. I mean what else can I say GET THIS GAME!!!- Zed
opethnd	Recommended	60.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198078305693/	On paper, this game should be incredibly boring.  I bought it on sale, just to try it out.  This game is anything but boring.  It's highly addictive, and the detail is incredible.  Each milestone you achieve is very satisfying.  I would recommend this game to anyone who likes any kind of simulator game.
XzapZ	Recommended	178.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198025043108/	I will be short in this review.You come home after hard day at work,u sit on ur PC,start up this game,put ur favorite radio playlist or whatver u prefer,start drivin ur truck around beautiful locations and scenery,enter ur zen mode and ENJOY! :D
Joesontv	Recommended	123.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/joesontv/	I find this game so relaxing and fun. Not all states are out! Theres only two manfatures. Defo an early access! The map is still huge! To get to one side to the other your talking about 1,200 miles, should take an hour or more to travel. Multiplayer is good fun too! I maninly play on MP! I recommend this game and hopfully new dlcs should come out soon.8/10
Alexander W. 5D-111	Recommended	246.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TheSouthernAlex/	This game Is amazing the graphics and the physics, love this game never gonna stop playing it
the-jackel	Recommended	561.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198310485903/	Love this game, nice to play and it keeps getting better, just had the trailer ownership update next we have a new state, brilliant keep it going.
jfarlooker	Recommended	1,199.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198428157758/	Favorite game ever. Period. I'm 64 and spent my first 10 years in the southwest. Great repros of things I recall and lots of new. Keep this up in expansions and I'm in for the long haul. Could work on the NPCs. They get annoying but I work around it. Buy this game!! Keep on truckin'!
KamoJr	Recommended	16.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198833505754/	I love this game. I absolutly adore it, but if some more trucks and some more brands of trucks were added, that would be amazing.
wonderdominic07	Recommended	70.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198820049228/	This is the best game i have ever played
Barack Osama	Recommended	40.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/WBG_Gaming/	 ---{Graphics}--- ☐ Masterpiece☐ Beautiful☑ Good☐ Decent☐ Will do☐ Bad☐ Awful☐ Paint.exe ---{Gameplay}---  ☐ Try not to get addicted☐ Very good☑ Good☐ Nothing special☐ Ehh☐ Bad☐ Just dont ---{Audio}---  ☐ Eargasm☐ Very good☑ Good☐ Decent☐ Not too bad☐ Bad☐ Earrape ---{Ideal Consumer}--- ☐ Kids☐ Teens☐ Adults☑ Everyone☑ Casual Players☐ Pro Players ---{PC Requirements}--- ☐ Check if you can run paint☐ Potato☐ Minimum☑ Decent☐ Fast☐ Rich boi☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer ---{Difficulity}--- ☐ Just press a bunch of buttons☑ Easy☐ Significant brain usage ☐ Easy to learn / Hard to master☐ Not so easy☐ Difficult☐ Dark Souls ---{Grind}--- ☑ Nothing☐ Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks☐ Isnt necessary to progress☐ A bit grindy sometimes☐ Average grind level☐ Too much grind☐ Insanity ---{Story}--- ☑ Doesnt have☐ Something isnt nothing I guess☐ Not great☐ Average☐ Good☐ Lovley☐ Will make u cry or smile alot ---{Game Time/Length}---  ☐ Long enough for a cup of tea☐ Short (2-6 hours)☐ Average (6-12 hours)☐ Long (12+ hours)☐ Depends on u☑ Endless ---{Price}--- ☐ Just buy it☐ Worth the price☑ Wait for sale (Worth about $10)☐ Maybe if u have some spare money left☐ Not recommended☐ Dont throw money into a trash can ---{Bugs}--- ☐ Never had any☑ Minor bugs☐ Few bugs ☐ Can get annoying☐ Ruining the game☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs ~~~~Multiplayer~~~~ (Multiplayer does not come with the game, but it can be achieved by getting the "TruckersMP Mod") ---{Salt Level}--- ☑ Replaced with sugar☐ Barely anything☐ Balanced☐ A bit of salt☐ Salty☐ Salt overload ---{Servers}--- ☐ No issues☐ Minor lags every few hours☑ Can get laggy sometimes☐ Oh the ping..☐ Unplayable ---{Status}--- ☐ Top☑ Always some people around☐ Not so easy to find people for the party☐ You ll have to wait for anyone to join☐ Barely any soul alive☐ Dead like my insides ---{Matchmaking}--- ☐ Depends on the host☐ Brilliant☐ Fair☐ You might see much more experienced/stronger players☐ Unbalanced☐ Completely unfair☑ Non-existing
magicat777	Recommended	60.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198030761499/	If you are a fan of racing sims, already have a wheel and pedal, and you are looking for something new…this is the game for you! Now, you might be thinking, “Driving a big truck from point A to point B doesn’t sound like my turbo-charged type of fun”; but you’d be surprised.I picked this up after finishing a few seasons of F1 2017 and Gran Turismo Sport mainly due to the other positive reviews I saw.This is one of my favorite games right now. It’s not as adrenaline charged as F1 or GTS, but there’s quite a bit of challenge in navigating a windy road with a large double-hitched trailer while going maximum speed.The graphics are excellent and near the top of the heap in terms of pixels, polygons, and textures. Some truly beautify vistas while driving through some very familiar areas. Speaking of which, the designers have done an amazing job replicating the roads, highways, landscape, and towns to the degree that they are very recognizable. You definitely know when you are in San Francisco or Oakland…or in Santa Fe or Albuquerque. The driving mechanics and physics are top-notch and are as accurate as F1 or GTS. You really feel like you are hauling 115k pounds of goods at 80mph with the trailer sway and how cars and trucks react to your movements. Traffic patterns are also well done and simulate real-world surprises (like people running red lights, suddenly changing lanes, or just pulling over for some random reason).When you add in the Company Management aspect to the game….you get a complete package of simulator and wealth management in one game. You get to hire people, buy bigger garages, customize all the trucks, and go up in levels to take on bigger/more lucrative jobs. One downside: the game is bit of a time sink…even the shortest missions will take you about 15-20 minutes to complete and the long ones run about 45mins. However…you’ll be having so much fun making money and managing your trucking company that you’ll forget how much times has passed until your spouse is getting up the next morning and you realize you actually have to leave the sim to go to work and make a real living!It’s really well done! Excellent stuff and well worth your time.
Civ 22 - Chris S.	Recommended	18.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/DDOSUNOW/	I never thought a game about driving a truck around can be so addictive and relaxing, if you have a wheel and you're "that guy" who is into realism and a touch of roleplay than this is the game for you, just buy it already...! 8.5/10
Soviet Fox ☭	Recommended	84.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/NordicFox/	I'm from New Mexico in reality, do a lot of travel here... The NM DLC is really interesting to see, Albuquerque has the main noticable buildings (more's the pity that Buca Di Beppo seems to be gone from beside the hotel on I-40) although it's miniaturized (ABQ is missing about 3/4 of itself) and the Sandia/Monzano mountains, Tijeras and Carnuel villages are gone, it gives the general idea of going through this area for sure.To be frank, I also find it mildly terrifying that the game seems to perfectly replicate the "no right-of-way sense" drivers here in NM, too... "Too real man, too real."Also real-world advice actually helps in this game, like don't get distracted on the freeway, always assume someone will run a stop sign (so always stop), and you don't simply back a trailer, you 'chase it' into the parking area.Respect for real truckers +10Freetime killer game +10Real-world mirrors to get the idea of what a pain learning to back trailers is +10Real-world simulation of how awesome long trailers are compared to short ones when backing +10Realization that maybe trucking really, really is best left to people who have the licenses +100Fair warning to anyone wanting to vacation in New Mexico or planning to run cargo in game or in IRL, watch for those idiots who can't merge, pass correctly or figure out what 'stop' on that silly red sign means.100% fewer DWI drivers in this game than the thousands on the road in NM however.
SAGEBUILT08	Recommended	88.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198089688570/	great game
Namekujisennin	Recommended	24.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198040923434/	I have fallen in love with a road.Route 395: I'll get to the United States to meet you.Just need that driver license thing...More to the point: don't trust blindly anybody stating this is ETS with a smaller map. Experience it and then decide.It's love!
fish90pro	Not Recommended	21.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/fish90pro/	To be clear this isn't a bad game however when compared with Euro Truck sim 2 it’s hard to recommend this game over it. If you’re an American this may be different but the appeal to me is to drive around with my truck following the laws of the road and enjoying myself. I know that many people won’t enjoy this style of game, but then again I don’t enjoy Fifa (other football and sport games are available). The game looks much better than European truck simulator the cities and even down to small details such as cracks in the road. At the end of a job the parking process is much better as you get to choose how you want to park selecting from what is effectively; hard, medium and don’t park. The increase in fuel stations is good as in euro truck you could only buy fuel in a city if you had a garage upgraded. The coast roads look absolutely incredible (but with faster trucks in euro truck would be more fun there). I know more trucks and roads are coming but I find myself thinking why don’t I just play euro truck instead? The current engines available are low on power and the GPS likes taking you down extremely small roads. Also The game makes the ‘highways’ have more bends in them than the motorways in Britain and Europe. The police surprise attack you every moment you are speeding and they are very sneaky arriving just after a 30 sign that I happen to miss seeing. When you finally crawl up to speed on a ‘highway’ you are forced to slow down as the road just arrives in a city or town that you have no idea about until you either get fined for speeding or crash into cars waiting for traffic lights!!! In conclusion although American truck Simulator is a good simulator I still feel like Euro Truck Simulator 2 is a better game. On euro truck I have put in 110+ hours (had none steam version for a while) and I have experienced that game to about the full whereas American truck simulator I only have about 3 hours of which I know isn’t a lot but still it is difficult for me to recommend. So in it's current state I cannot recommend this game, with more trucks and roads in future this may alter my view.*Disclaimer*I know more trucks and roads are coming and I know that you can get mods for removing the police and increasing engine sizes but I wanted to play this game properly but despite this I wasn’t levelling up very quickly and I wanted to see what truck options were available so I had to use an XP cheat mod so I could see the options.Edit:The traffic light situation was improved but the game still isn't as good as ETS2
Uncle_D	Recommended	1,314.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/uncle_d/	So once again I'm doing a updated review for ATS and why not, just in time for the holiday badges. SCS got ah few things done in 2018 for ATS but I still feel they need to find a faster and better way, they are still moving way to slow getting America in American Truck Simulator but I'll give em props on Oregon
Murdoc	Not Recommended	23.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198055475084/	As far as the actual game is concerned, it is a good game.  I played Euro Truck for a few years and this "American" version is the same great quality of its "Euro" version.  I give it a negative review because it's been a year without any added content.  They released the game with California and Nevada and quickly released Arizona.  Since Arizona there has been nothing other than some "addons" like paint jobs and parts.  Euro Truck is a fully developed game where they added new content (new countries) on a regular basis.  It seems like American Truck is just an after thought with no real desire to develop it into a full blown game.  3 states in a year isn't development.  I was bored of the game in 20 hrs.  There is a ton of content they could add (not to mention 47 more states) but doesn't seem like it's going to happen.  If this the extent of American truck, then I give it a zero until they become serious with the game and start adding real content.
Tom	Not Recommended	41.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/tomwilson1/	I like it but I don't, sounds weird I know.ETS2 (Euro Truck Simulator 2) is an amazing game I have spent lots of monney on it, over £400 probably, with a G27, G29 (Stearing wheels) and then lot's of the DLC'S. ATS is a let down, the graphics are stunning but I just think it was released too soon, there being not alot of trucks, the map is tiny and it is just no where near as fun as ETS2 I don' know why it just is not.I guess because this is sort of a bad review I will put it as not recommened but I just think the game does not suit me, maybe it will suit you, but please look up videos of the game before purchasing or try the demo, do not buy it then not like it.They have said they would be re-scaling the map and making it bigger (TheEngiGuy) said. So once this happens I will re-play the game and update this review.
klinex	Recommended	78.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/dadbaldaf/	Like Euro Truck Simulator 2, but better.-Has a Great Map with free and paid expansions on the way-Makes you feel like you're not alone when driving around, lots going on.Only bad thing i can say about it is that it only supports Dx9. This makes the game have very bad aliasing.9.5/10 - Buy it! Worth it even at Full Price!
B. Swede [WP]	Not Recommended	18.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/brutalswede/	Pros: Basically the same as other people have stated. Good graphics, nice sound etc.Cons: Only 2 (TWO) 3 trucks available (with modifications to them)... and 20 cities. (I think there was a free expansion coming soon, and some more trucks.) Speed limits are all over the place. It can change a dozen times over a 2 mile strech of road, and it just doesn't make sense. Speeding tickets are guaranteed. It can change from 80mph (Truck limit!) to 35mph and then up to 55mph in less than a mile.Not worth $20 atm, wait until more content has been added.
Jcnavyd	Not Recommended	1.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198048661145/	So I have been playing Euro Truck for a long time now. Thought I would give this a try... Well its basically Euro Truck just set with different scenery and so forth. Which I am ok with for the record. My biggest issue is that its so super un realistic and inconsistant. For One there are cops EVERYwhere. And the same cop can peg you multiple times at $1000 a pop. First off no traffic ticket in the US is $1000 unless its a DUI and so forth. Two there are stationary cops on the side or the road... They dont peg you. And lastly even if you are driving behind a police cruiser they hit you with a ticket also. At $1000 for a load that nets $2100 this is rediculous. These issues are NOT present in the Euro Truck game, at least from what I have seen and have played a good amount of time on that. This just seems like a rushed game profit vs the fans. I will continue to play this game because I am a fan of the franchise, but I would NOT recommend anyone to buy this as their first purchase in the franchise. Save the money and Get Euro Truck.
Crismo - [Nick]	Not Recommended	25.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/pubsematics/	First off, I like the game concept and I like SCS Software so I bought the game cause I trusted them since I enjoyed ETS2.This feels like an early access game or an official modpack/dlc pack for ETS2. There's way too many inconsistencies in this game California Scenic Simulator to recommend others to purchase it. As others have said-- Game strongly resembles ETS2- Graphics to me feel worse than ETS2 but could just be me- Gameplay feels sluggish- It's like an Apple product that got a re-skin- Trucks feel slow, sluggish, inconsistent to actual American trucks, speed limits are weird, speed is mostly capped at 55 and sometimes drops from 55 to 30 and then back to 70 and then within .01 seconds it drops back to 55 and if you're speeding during those times (like less than 5mph over) prepare yourself for tickets- Stop signs at street lights- Sometimes traffic at intersections is neverending and the only way to proceed is to save the game and reload so you have a chance of finishing a load- Anti-aliasing? I'm pretty sure the developer has no idea what this does and why it's important- Same music as ETS2Simply put: It doesn't feel like an American Truck Simulator game. It's at best a California Scenic Simulator.At this time I'd give the game a solid 50% rating - I'm still going to play it but I wish it would have been better, and or gets better soon.
Autisticat	Not Recommended	46.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198003956671/	$20 is a good deal if you've got spare money and are desperate to dive into ATS. However, if you're a big ETS2 fan and have it modded to the teeth this is going to be a gigantic downgrade.ATS brings better graphics and what felt like a more lively journey as I trucked around seeing new sites and experiencing cities that felt alive. Within an hour of playing I already felt that I wanted to return to ETS2 because the sheer amount of content I had in ETS2 makes it feel like there are some cities I may never visit and add the additional mods I have with it and it becomes the superior game -for now-.I imagine in the future once the community catches up and hopefully truckloads more content gets added this will be the superior version...but for right now we just have a base foundation that will need to be built upon.
The Village Ruse	Recommended	160.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Likko/	I drink 10-12 tall boys, throw on my trusty truckin' cap and deliver all the cheese and frozen vegetable.9.875/10
Serif1993	Recommended	13.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198038814206/	Great. Even better with mods. :)
david	Recommended	19.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/flyingsquids/	Great game! I just got it yesterday and I've really been enjoying it! (btw the only difference between the full-version and the demo is in the full version you unlock arizona and nevada which are great states to drive in)
captainsmitty	Recommended	64.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197989992831/	good game
✪ray_gu -iwnw-	Recommended	16.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ray_gu/	This game is good.The graphic,cars,and sth.are all good.But I can't reverse a heavy cargo. XDMaybe it is my problem. XD
d3fault_estonian	Recommended	63.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/d3fault_fox/	The game is good but could have more official trucks/vehicles. The map could be more bigger and could have more cities or smaller cities. Still. If its cheaper then its worth the money.
sonuag	Recommended	323.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198377409708/	This game is very very realistic though still has that simulator feeling, exactally what i wanted. What you basically do in the game is pick a job (there are a lot of jobs and trailers to choose from). You drive to your destination and there is a GPS for that. You have to rest every now and then and fill gas when your gas tank is empty. You also might have to go into a weigh station. The game is more fun than your think. There is AI sharing the road and highly realistic details. It's basically like real driving exept there is no traffic jam to annoy you. You can also start a trucking company and buy garages to hire employees. The game has all real roads like U.S. interstates. Currently the game has California, Nevada, Arizona, and New Mexico is a paid DLC. American Truck Simulator has a ton of cities including Los Angeles, Pheonix, San Fransicso, San Diego, Roswell, Albuqurqie, and Las Vegas. Those were only some examples and there are 30 times more cities than that. If you are still not sure of buying the game, watch videos on youtube about american truck simulator to see how realistic it just is. So to end this review is say i really, really, really, really, really, really, really recemond the game. I also recemond to buy the New Mexico DLC (if you can afford it) because that DLC has even more details. Also the heavy cargo DLC has even more fun cargo to haul so check that out too!
DieEneIT	Recommended	138.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198148361957/	Just buy it
OwenPawley	Recommended	305.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/chancebigdog/	Great game!  Ive had it ever since the first day.  The only idea I have is to add your own trailers.  Like you can buy trialers and then pick up loads with them and all that!  Who agrees?
dsalazar6024	Recommended	185.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/dsalazar6024/	heeeellla sick game
Starlight	Not Recommended	57.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/starlight_exe/	WHAT ARE YOU DOING LOOKING AT THE NEGATIVE REVIEWS!!!!!Seriously though this is a great game and i love it           Pros & cons :3Pros:-You get to drive in america-Awesome trucks-Pretty good graphics for a simulator-You get to be a truck driver :3-Tumbleweeds 4 days in nevada!!!!!!!Cons: -It can take a lot of time so if you dont have lots of free time i wouldnt recommend you buy this game-The Justice and law system is a little unfair but you can turn it off so if you dont like it you can always solve that problem-Doesnt have that much content at the moment but they are adding more like arizona which is coming soon-Some of the turn offs are kind of narrow and you will get you truck stuck-Coastline Mining is difficult to deliver to every time i deliver there i end up getting my truck stuck on the Weight platforms?I highly recommend this game if you enjoy trucking and delivering cargos Euro Truck Simulator 2 is also a great trucking game set in Europe made by the same develpers so check that out tooGreat game i give it a 8.5/10
sonuag	Recommended	323.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198377409708/	This game is very very realistic though still has that simulator feeling, exactally what i wanted. What you basically do in the game is pick a job (there are a lot of jobs and trailers to choose from). You drive to your destination and there is a GPS for that. You have to rest every now and then and fill gas when your gas tank is empty. You also might have to go into a weigh station. The game is more fun than your think. There is AI sharing the road and highly realistic details. It's basically like real driving exept there is no traffic jam to annoy you. You can also start a trucking company and buy garages to hire employees. The game has all real roads like U.S. interstates. Currently the game has California, Nevada, Arizona, and New Mexico is a paid DLC. American Truck Simulator has a ton of cities including Los Angeles, Pheonix, San Fransicso, San Diego, Roswell, Albuqurqie, and Las Vegas. Those were only some examples and there are 30 times more cities than that. If you are still not sure of buying the game, watch videos on youtube about american truck simulator to see how realistic it just is. So to end this review is say i really, really, really, really, really, really, really recemond the game. I also recemond to buy the New Mexico DLC (if you can afford it) because that DLC has even more details. Also the heavy cargo DLC has even more fun cargo to haul so check that out too!
lathambroshaulage[billy]	Recommended	613.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198235887482/	awsome game
OwenPawley	Recommended	305.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/chancebigdog/	Great game!  Ive had it ever since the first day.  The only idea I have is to add your own trailers.  Like you can buy trialers and then pick up loads with them and all that!  Who agrees?
TheSpeedLord	Recommended	277.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198084294175/	THIS GAME IS AMAZING. If you know scs sofware you should know that they do great work. But in my opinion they have really out done them selves in this game. I live in the USA and for an american truck sim to come out is very cool. If you love truck simulators you will probably love this one. I love what they have done with the game and I will probably love what else they do with the game.  Right know the game is a bit limmited but from what scs has said they are going to realease a whole lot more. I Love this game and for the $20 it is so worth it. SO GET TRUCKING becasue......:its not driving its trucking. :)
<|☥|Inesophet|☥|>	Recommended	27.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197972921451/	Well after the rescaling patch (i refuse to use the word DLC) has been released. The game feels Considerably larger now. Which is good news since before it felt too small. i would say now it feels right! Trips from northern california to the arizona south take easily over an hour. The controles are Perfect, i play with keyboard and still, it is very playable. If you have more precise input, thats easily more fun. Sound is great, Graphics are VERY nice except the trees and bushes look a bit "bitmappy" I have pranked several of my friends uploading a nightly video of a short ride and some still think that my parttime job is a trucker.The negatives are that there is not much happening. I hoped for some Smokey and the Bandit type of missions, Traffic Jams, Police actually stopping you...inspecting cargo etc... eating would also be fine. Maybe have a nice truckerbar where truckers could gamble and play cards. CB Radio warning for Radartraps and such. It feels a little sterile. But if you just want trucking and have nice scenes during your trucking...well you should really buy it. Its worth it. If you like podcasts...HELL its even better.
GemDragon	Recommended	0.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198181159707/	Basically this game is a american version of euro truck sim 2 but the map is more compressed, because when more dlcs are released the map will get bigger. i reccomend this game because it is fun and adds the delivery options when you deliver the package. ALSO, this game is raoidly expanding, already 3 dlcs and NEVADA. I hope you guys like dis gmae cuz it fun
MrCameraMan	Recommended	24.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198080878832/	This is a great game and has quite a few new and updated features from Euro Truck Simulator 2, I would gretly recomend for any budding truck drivers or people who would like to peacefully use up time (like me!).
Bronx	Recommended	40.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197972137323/	"The open road still softly calls." I like this game, it is simple and not really demanding. Haul things from here to there, watch the speed limits (Nevada, hell yeah) and listen to online radio. It is quite relaxing and the scenery is beautiful. I am looking forward for Arizona. You can only roam California and Nevada for now and they are mostly desert. 8/10
kert	Recommended	22.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kertface/	Product received for free
G-Funk84	Recommended	54.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197972447827/	Felt like being a kid with their Tonka in a sandbox again.You know how much I know about trucks?  Zip.  I know there's an engine, some wheels, something to do with hydraulics, and a loud horn.  You know how much trouble I had with this game?  Nada.Simulators are not really my forte in the gaming industry, but this was, wholeheartedly, a fun game for a guy not in the know of these steel beasts.  Additionally, the roleplaying setup in is actually a nice touch, course that might be because I'm an RPG aficionado.  Not only do you accrue money for completing jobs, you accrue experience points, which you can feed into learning how to haul various loads, or hone your financial/stamina breadth to make the most of a trip.However, it's not a total arcade experience.  You're going to have to understand how varying weights, trailer lengths, engine powers are going to affect a trip.  You might think it's straightforward, until you're trying to navigate the small side streets of Sacramento with full length dry van (ooo... I know lingo now!), or you forgot to fill up and are now trying to ride on fumes to the next town because you got cocky and didn't check the map.Additionally, this seems to have the capability for more in-depth simulation for the more hardcore riders.  Again, this isn't my forte, but there are options for customizable styles of driving, and better capabilities at fine tuning the truck's attributes for better rides.This is a solid game for all gamers.  And a definite time killer!  I mean, it only takes about 20 minutes to drive from Phoenix, AZ to Eureka, CA in game (wherein it takes about 18 hours in real life), but when you're trying to get those monies and points to buy your own company... you can quickly kill a few hours.DownsidesI wish there was more truck variations.  I mean, I know it's geared for the United States, but it would've been cool to have a wider company breadth.  I know that's kind of out of the game's control, as it boils down to licensing rights, which can get incredibly expensive for the developers.  Still, it could be free advertising for the truck manufacturers (wink wink, nudge nudge Volvo, International, Mack, Freightliner, and even Tesla... in case they happen to read this... somehow).Only other kicker is that as much as I like the radio concept, and I think it needs tweaking.  You can play your own music, though it takes some finagling.  And when I played the default game setup, a small minority of the radio stations weren't working.Otherwise, solid game!  I'd say a great buy for $20-30 at the least, as they have been working on new updates which are INCLUDED.  That's pretty rare these days for many developers who just ask you to buy another 10-20 dollar "expansion", which should've just been included in the first place.
Coberlyl	Not Recommended	109.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/CoberlyLoren/	would be nice if the devs would be a little more focused on the map and the state expansions than they were the paint jobs and the hub caps and steering wheel modifications... i want to see more
DesertEagle26	Recommended	101.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/DesertEagle26/	Oyun klasik tır simülasyonu gibi görünsede atmosfer ve ortam çok farklı, eminim sizde hissedeceksiniz.
Dank Plank	Recommended	38.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/thickwoodfam/	it good i recomend u buy teh game peeps 
lathambroshaulage[billy]	Recommended	613.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198235887482/	awsome game
TheSpeedLord	Recommended	277.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198084294175/	THIS GAME IS AMAZING. If you know scs sofware you should know that they do great work. But in my opinion they have really out done them selves in this game. I live in the USA and for an american truck sim to come out is very cool. If you love truck simulators you will probably love this one. I love what they have done with the game and I will probably love what else they do with the game.  Right know the game is a bit limmited but from what scs has said they are going to realease a whole lot more. I Love this game and for the $20 it is so worth it. SO GET TRUCKING becasue......:its not driving its trucking. :)
<|☥|Inesophet|☥|>	Recommended	27.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197972921451/	Well after the rescaling patch (i refuse to use the word DLC) has been released. The game feels Considerably larger now. Which is good news since before it felt too small. i would say now it feels right! Trips from northern california to the arizona south take easily over an hour. The controles are Perfect, i play with keyboard and still, it is very playable. If you have more precise input, thats easily more fun. Sound is great, Graphics are VERY nice except the trees and bushes look a bit "bitmappy" I have pranked several of my friends uploading a nightly video of a short ride and some still think that my parttime job is a trucker.The negatives are that there is not much happening. I hoped for some Smokey and the Bandit type of missions, Traffic Jams, Police actually stopping you...inspecting cargo etc... eating would also be fine. Maybe have a nice truckerbar where truckers could gamble and play cards. CB Radio warning for Radartraps and such. It feels a little sterile. But if you just want trucking and have nice scenes during your trucking...well you should really buy it. Its worth it. If you like podcasts...HELL its even better.
Marcooly15	Recommended	132.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Marcooly15/	After playing 120+ hours on this game, I would say it is a worthy price for what you get out of it, it has nice graphics, cool and awesome random events this game can make time pass for sure. 10/10
J3T	Recommended	19.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/errornoonehere/	Basically it's the same ETS2. Atm there isnt very much trucks, only 2 of them. Two states as well. I dont even focus at Long distance cargos, because of that game will get boring really fast. Cops are anoying as ♥♥♥♥ tbh.. But if you do like trucking and you wanna do it in US rather than Eu, then go for it buy it. It feels like just an DLC.
Frarebear	Recommended	328.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/frarebear/	Coming from a family of truckers (3rd gen), this game rocks! A perfect simulator, just wish they would include breakdowns. I feel like if they included a faulty equipment function, the game would be more realistic. Plus everyone would be finding a Detroit 60, 70, 80 series mod to run. The new EPA engines are terrible, which is all this game has to offer. The DEF filters are always clogged and need to be replaced, for a price $$$. I cannot wait for day that this game is complete with all trucks and states. Drive safe!
MjD	Recommended	71.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mjdoc/	10 out of 10A wonderful simural simulator, the graphics are slightly better than in ETS2, the textures of the environment look great, sunsets and sunrises also warm the eyes, the game like ETS2 is capable of conveying the atmosphere of driving such trucks. I advise all fans of this genre to try this product! Take with all the DLC, so it will be more interesting IMHO
Capitaine Tom "Texas"	Recommended	343.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Teeexxxaaasss/	Whilst the game being limited currently, due to just coming out, I like it a lot! This is ETS2 but in America, however, this is a minor thing to me. SCS has gone over the top with patriotism. Also, the air horn sounds like a little high shrill. But this game is damn good. Worth the 20 bucks? Ummmm, I guess, I mean there isn't hardly to much in the game but it's worth it.
Turbanator	Recommended	50.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/gagan4121/	Very relaxing and soothing game. Modding community is great. Beautiful environment and detailed trucks. Multiplayer mod is recommended. Looking forward to future updates  and map expansion packs.
Jacknm2	Recommended	73.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Jacknm2/	I would reccomend this game, yes its lacking content and overall freedom but its a good game as it stands with lots of nice little additions. I would say for the price it is, It's a good purchase, but wait for a sale if you don't think so, 20% off this is deffinetly worth a buy.Others have stated the Pro's and con's and I can only agree. But from my personal perspective I do reccomend buying this and supporting future content.
Johnny_Boi_!	Recommended	75.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Johndpete316/	This is a great game it is based on the west side of the USA. Currently there are 2 states, California and Nevada. They are working on Arizon right now. It is realistic and fun, the steam workshop adds a GREAT aspect to the game also. Deffinetly recomend this game to any one.
BearMGaming	Recommended	789.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/bearmgaming/	Amazing! At least for the Americans! :D Honestly Love it! Good Purchase Made
USARAY	Recommended	791.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/USARAY/	Love the new scaling
GameRoel	Recommended	371.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198120161753/	After I played the addictive game Euro Truck Simulator 2, it was time to discover America. Why not explore the states as a free trucker? You can travel a lot of ways through the States, by car, train or motorbike, but doing it while delivering cargo with an huge American truck is the newest and most original way for a simulation game, according to my recent discovery. It's fun!I didn't play the map rescale yet, but the pictures I've seen look promising! Can't wait to get started. In fact, I'm going to play it right now instead of typing this text. Cheers.
Deltavee	Recommended	143.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Deltavee/	The Cult Of Just One MoreOh good your here. *presses a brochure into your hand, it has pictures of Peterbilt and Kenworth trucks* Your going to like it here. You haven't joined yet? Join us *looks at you madly* JOOIN UUSS!Some bands, books and movies are described as having "a cult following" because the fans are deeply involved, nay rabid, about them. American Truck Sim has just such a community of followers. Most of us that have discovered the joys of sitting in traffic were once like you, wondering just how the hell such a simulation could possibly be enjoyable. Its a common theme among most reviews, from Rock Paper Shotgun to the really well written one in Forbes Magazine. "I gave it a shot and now I can't stop playing it."SCS has gotten down the "I'll just play one more" vibe perfectly.In this version of Truck Simulator your in the American West; California, Nevada and Arizona to start. They /finally/  re-scaled it so when you drive from Tuscon to L.A. it takes an appropriate amount of time and feels that way. The driving experience can be as simple as you like, arcadey even, or you can go all in, get a steering wheel (I got the G27 that works perfect for this) and push all those radio buttons and sliders over to as realistic as you want.Its visually outstanding, better even than the Unreal engine, SCS uses there own in house engine and its nearly perfectly tuned to its task of rendering a lived in dynamic world of roads highways towns and cities. The vehicle AI has been the butt of jokes by the community over the years but its probably the best out there, world class at the very least. Sound fidelity is awesome, crashing into things is cringe worthy, the engines sound real and with a good set of speakers the thunder during storms is delightful. Like European Truck Simulator 2, ATS is mostly about the driving experience, but theres also a business simulator in there, you can buy garages, fill them with trucks and drivers and those drivers will earn you increasing amounts of cash as they level up. You can pay for that either buy saving your cash from doing runs yourself, or go to the bank and take out a loan. Its intensive at first but once your in the black with a few garages your basically printing money. Problems this iteration seems to be frame rate derps during heavy storms when your driving in a down town city area. Not a deal breaker but you will notice it. Also a better variety of trucks would be nice, though that leads me to the final part of this review, the mod community.ATS has started to get more and better mods, so if you want to drive a VNL or such its out there. Wan't more realism than even SCS gave you? Mods for that. Want different radio stations to listen to ingame? Mods for that. Mods for ATS and its elder brother ETS 2 are one of the reasons for these games cult status, SCS has let the community go wild. No promises they'll work when the game updates, but no stopping them either.I came to ETS 2 looking for something emotionally neutral after lots and lots of rpg playing. ATS has all the same goodness as ATS (indeed if your coming from ETS you'll feel right at home) but its American basis gives the game a charm all its own. If you want a game that you can pick up, enjoy, and then put down this game will work for you. Of course you can get deeply involved, driving, building your empire...just one more and I'll stop....*looks up and its morning* @.@System Specs: i7 4790K, Gigabyte G1 980 TI, 16 gigs Crucial memory
Nacht Ripper	Not Recommended	22.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/nachtripper94/	I couldn't wait for this game. I played my entire childhood on 18 Wheels of Steel Acrros America! To hear they were finally coming out with an updated trucking sim from my childhood i was nuts about this game!Pros :-Great graphics-Great model and details into maps and trucks-Loads of options from controls to different trailers, mirror/seat posititons.Cons: This is exactly why i don't recommend this game to anyone.-Started out with California and 2 trucks, couple months later, Arizona came out for free. THATS IT-then Nevada for 11.99-New Mexico for 11.99-then oregon for 11.99This game Released in 2016. 2 years later and they have added.....3.....states.Lets do some math here.-48 states (not including California and Arizona)-1 year each state-11.99 per STATE-19.99 for the Base game-New Trucks are always FREE1 state per year x 47 more to go = 47 years till all 50 states are added11.99 x 48 states = $563.53$563.53 (48 states) + 19.99 (Base game) = $583.52Say taxes bring you up to $585 even. WHO THE ♥♥♥♥ IS MAKING THIS GAME? EA?? I was under the impression that if i bought AMERICAN truck simulator, i would be entitled to all 50 states (im willing to wait a certain amount of time for this of course, but not 48 years) Thats not the case. You are buying California Simulator with 2 trucks. I don't recommend this game to anyone for any reason anymore. What i have witnessed over the last 2 years should be enough to push anyone away from buying this massive EA ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. I want this game to do well, but im turning my back on this game and will check on it in 10 years. I Regret buying this game completely.
MOMO & YUNA	Recommended	117.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198007923471/	I own both ATS and ETS, and have been playing both of them. They both have the same system, interface and rules. The graphic are very close if not the same quality. What different is only the nature and environment of Europe and USA. I lived in European countries for 2 years, never lived in USA but seen a lot in movies, they both feel like driving there. ETS' towns have restful, lush greenery and lonely kind of feeling just like Europe in real life, while ATS' towns have lively, exciting and fun kind of feeling just like USA in real life. So i really feel like i am there. In ETS i dont see any pedestrian in the towns except in the factories (workers), but in ATS i always see people here and there in the towns, that adds realism and life to the towns, also ATS' towns have more shops and environment objects that they really feel like real towns. They both run at Ultra smoothly at 40 - 50 constant fps on my PC i7, 12GB RAM, GTX650Ti 2GB, so no lag issue. I love and enjoy them both, and they cannot replace each other. They both are must have truck driving games. Buy them both if you can afford, but if you have to buy only one, I would recommend you to get ATS first. Don't worry about having a smaller map than ETS at the moment, more states will come in the near future. I am using Logitech MOMO steering wheel, it feels very good with these games. With a good realistic suspension mod from the workshop, it's perfect.
TruebornJester	Recommended	144.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198189617449/	Trucks. America.
FastLawyer	Recommended	2.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/FastLawyer/	 Experienced on the Oculus Rift with Xbox controller I tell you what. This here game is better than that communist Euro Truck Simulator. You won't be driving through no socialist countries with free healthcare and education. No sir. This here is 'Merica. Land of the free. Home of the brave, where we don't use no stinking metric system. Drive your big rig and haul load across the beautiful Southwest. Ahhh, there ain't nothing like the smell of Diesel in the morning. Don't worry about driving through no Los Angeles or San Francisco neither. You won't become a tree-hugging hippy. No sir, not after driving 50,000 lbs of American Steel through the likes of Bakersfield or Reno ... God's country. And you won't be running into any mormons, unless they hitchhiking in Cali, Nevada, or Arizona from Utah. With a VR headset on Oculus, this is just like my old job driving a big rig until I got busted a few times for DWI, Possession of a Controlled Substance, and Unlawful Carrying of a Weapon. I lost my CDL because I wouldn't give up my right to bear arms and party. It's like them Beastie Boy's said, you gotta fight for your right to party. Well, now, through the magic of VR, I can drink, drive, and shoot guns without a care in the world through the scenic Southwest ... game just needs lot lizards and it would be perfect.Rate 8/10.  To get VR to work, you need to opt in to the Beta in properties and select the most recent Oculus SDK. Then on launch options type "-oculus" without the quotes. You can start game straight from the Steam library, just make sure your VR headset is active.  
Wille Wilse	Recommended	367.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197986290697/	Bought the Oregon DLC yesterday, I had waited for it since New Mexico came out actually. Not because the New Mexico DLC is bad in any way, on the contrary it is very good. The reason though is I always want more content to this brilliant game.I have done a few deliveries in Oregon since yesterday, came in thru Lakeview on my way to Burns. I immediately noticed something I really was surprised by that I had wanted since game release - a small gas station including a service station. It may don't sound much but it is if you have been driving along way and your truck is getting damage....So instead of finding a service station in a bigger city, normally in a location where a truck dealer is now you can find them "on the road". I like that alot.Another cool little thing is that Ontario is in the map. Whats cool about that you might think? Well half of it is in Idaho so there is a small piece of Idaho into this map aswell :)Worth a buy? Definitely!
gpate0218	Recommended	34.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198849385537/	Real nice game 
wilsonmja5	Recommended	51.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198030754028/	I'm waiting for my state to be added so I can drive truck all day and then drive to my house, go inside and play a truck driver simulation game on my PC......Wait a minute....that's what I do now.  Oh God!  Is this real life or am I in a truck driver simulation game right now??All I know is I hope the DOT doesn't random me this month...
Mazda RX-8 Spirit R	Recommended	48.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198208474843/	I have played ETS 2 for a while now and recently ATS. It's a great game with amazing detail and a new experience for those who play ETS 2. Being in North America, i find the roads very fimiliar unlike the ETS 2 setting. Overall, it's a just a reskin so nothing new, but I would recomend it to those looking for a fresh start or a new perspective from ETS. Also, great job on this game SCS!
QuacksLxgic | skinhub.com	Recommended	37.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/QuacksLxgic/	Product received for free
ccraven07	Recommended	19.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198832731253/	I like this game because its so real but we need to add dents and scratches due to crashes also glass needs to be broken in crashes
Ellie	Recommended	36.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198023813360/	---{Graphics}---☐ Masterpiece☑ Beautiful☐ Good☐ Decent☐ Will do☐ Bad☐ Awful---{Gameplay}---☑ Try not to get addicted☐ Very good☐ Good☐ Nothing special☐ Ehh☐ Bad☐ Awful---{Audio}---☐ Eargasm☑ Very good☐ Good☐ Decent☐ Not too bad☐ Bad☐ Earrape---{Audience}---☐ 0+☐ 3+☐ 7+☑ 12+☐ 16+☐ 18+☐ 21+---{PC Requirements}---☐ Check if you can run the calculator☐ Potato☐ Minimum☑ Decent☐ Fast☐ Rich boy☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer---{Difficulity}---☑ Just press some buttons☐ Easy☐ Significant brain usage☐ Easy to learn / Hard to master☐ Not so easy☐ Difficult☐ Dark Souls---{Story}---☐ Epic☐ Lovley☐ Good☐ Average☐ Not great☐ Something is not nothing I guess☑ Doesnt have---{Game Time}---☑ Endless☐ Very Long☐ Long☐ Depends on you☐ Not too short☐ Short☐ Long enough for a cup of tea---{Price}---☑ Buy now☐ Consider to buy it☐ Worth the price☐ Wait for sale☐ Maybe if you have some spare money left☐ Do not buy it☐ Do not throw money into a trash can---{Bugs}---☑ Never had any☐ Minor bugs☐ Few bugs☐ Some bugs☐ Can get annoying☐ Ruining the game☐ The game itself is a bug
Din	Recommended	4.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/dinorockstar/	a great game..
Creldarix	Not Recommended	46.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Creldarix/	First, let me say that I really like this game. And in time, as the developers fix some things that are ludicrous, I'll probably change my review from "Not recommended" to "Recommended". Since I've selected not recommended for now, I'll start with the cons. The truck choices are too few. The Peterbuilt and Kenworth trucks are fine, but those are the only two options. What about Freightliner? Most popular truck in American, selling 190,000 units annually. What about International? 11% of the market. Volvo? (Includes Mack) 10% of the market. There are plenty of bugs within the game itself still. I based my first garage in Roswell, NM and despite the lack of "No Turn on Red" signs, I get fined $700 for a red light violation if I turn on red. That's not okay, because just about everywhere in the USA you can turn on red if there is no sign prohibiting it. In some states, Indiana for example, you can turn left on red if it's from a 1 way street onto a 1 way street. The traffic behavior on the interstates is stupid. Cars stop for no reason, they bunch up at exits, they change lanes into me and then I get charged for a wreck. That's not right. Things that should consume clock time in the game don't. For instance the wrecks mentioned above. They should consume a few hours of time. Getting repairs. Repairs are done in zero seconds, and you're on your way. That's silly since this is a simulation and not an arcade game. Even if you don't have a sleeper cab, you can sleep in rest stops and gas stations. That's nonsense. If you don't have a sleeper only motels should be an option. I have zero reason to spend money on a sleeper cab, so I haven't. Yes, I can limit myself to hotels, but that's something the game should do. No long distance trucker is going to sleep too many nights in a two bucket seat day cab. I just saw a UTV driving on the road. On a 4 lane highway. That's not legal. I don't think the devs have driven in the West. I live in Colorado, and if the speed limit says 70, people are doing 75-80mph. But in the game everyone is driving 10 under. Not at all realistic in that regard. I just had a dump truck blocking the left lane on I-25 going 45mph in a 75mph zone, with vehicles in the right lane going to the same speed. Most interstates have a minumum speed of 55mph posted. So that dumptruck was breaking the law and those sorts of actions create road rage incidents here in friendly America. Also red light cameras are rare here in the USA. People run lights here in my state and that's rarely an offense that gets fined. I'm just editing the review to add unrealistic factors as I encounter them. Pros of the game:The trucks we do have are great. At 13th level I've worked my truck from the bottom level Kenworth to something that can do heavy cargo. The mods are good. I've got mods for tires, trailers, textures, business names, etc. They really enhance the content of the game, since the developers don't seem that interested in having variety or having gotten to it yet since variety is probably not a big moneymaker like a new state is. Where are the player made map mods? Are those not allowed? _________________The European Truck Simulator is better at the moment. The additional maps are better value, I mean the Scandinavian pack added a lot of area. So does Italy and France. The coming Baltic states will add a huge chunk. The American Truck Simulator is adding 1 or 2 states at a time, do the devs think we want to spend $500 on maps? I don't intend to do so. If you choose between 1 of the Truck Sim games, get the European one. I say that as an American, but the ATS game just doesn't have the polish the ETS does. It's pretty clear to me where the devs put their hardest efforts. So 5-8 mods will bring all of Europe into your map at the current rate of additions, but with ATS you get to pay for New Mexico (which I did) and Oregon, which I didn't. Why? Because the rate of adding 1 state per expansion is silly. Oregon should have included Washington. New Mexico should have included either Texas or Utah & Colorado. I'm pretty sure SCS software is planning ot milk this one.
MOMO & YUNA	Recommended	117.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198007923471/	I own both ATS and ETS, and have been playing both of them. They both have the same system, interface and rules. The graphic are very close if not the same quality. What different is only the nature and environment of Europe and USA. I lived in European countries for 2 years, never lived in USA but seen a lot in movies, they both feel like driving there. ETS' towns have restful, lush greenery and lonely kind of feeling just like Europe in real life, while ATS' towns have lively, exciting and fun kind of feeling just like USA in real life. So i really feel like i am there. In ETS i dont see any pedestrian in the towns except in the factories (workers), but in ATS i always see people here and there in the towns, that adds realism and life to the towns, also ATS' towns have more shops and environment objects that they really feel like real towns. They both run at Ultra smoothly at 40 - 50 constant fps on my PC i7, 12GB RAM, GTX650Ti 2GB, so no lag issue. I love and enjoy them both, and they cannot replace each other. They both are must have truck driving games. Buy them both if you can afford, but if you have to buy only one, I would recommend you to get ATS first. Don't worry about having a smaller map than ETS at the moment, more states will come in the near future. I am using Logitech MOMO steering wheel, it feels very good with these games. With a good realistic suspension mod from the workshop, it's perfect.
Swam1231	Not Recommended	0.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/swam1231/	I wanted to like this game so very much, but alas, in it's current form a big disappointment. Back to ETS2. Will come back when the game actually improves.
Lemnaru'600	Not Recommended	77.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/lemnaru600/	2 states3 truckslimited tuningYes, attention to detail is astonishing; yes, you get new AI traffic, new companies, new parking spots, weight stations and not that detailed rain.Even if they will improove it by time, you will get bored i guarante, and 20 euros is too much
KONFLICTZZ	Not Recommended	171.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197998823289/	I bought this game when it first released with high expectations and the hopes of an amazing game. I knew what I was getting into with limited content and I accepted paying that cost to help support SCS make this game into the awesome game I know it can be. The problem is I expected Some progress on this game. I sit here writing a review a year and a half after the games release with no real progress made.At the current state that ATS is in we have 3 states all that were promised to us as part of the base game and took 4 months for just that to put in the third and fulfill peoples pre orders. Now we are slowly coming up to the 2 year mark and in that 2 years we have basically got what we were promised when we first bought the game. A pointless Rescale of the whole base games map which people are soon going to find is going to royally f them as the game develops later on down the line but wait and see on that one. Not to mention we are hoping the first real piece of DLC content in New mexico will be releasing later on this year and before the 2 year mark. This is for state number 4 out OF THE 44 CONTINENTAL STATES THEY STILL NEED TO COMPLETE. do the math  44/4 x 2 gives you a grand total of 22 THAT MEANS AT THIS RATE OF PROGRESS THIS GAME WILL NOT BE COMPLETED FOR 22 YEARS IF IT HAS NO DELAYS...Let's summarise before the 2 year mark we have our pre order bonus fulfilled had a unnecessary rescale and we are hoping to have the first real piece of DLC come out for this game before those 2 years are up, and a current progress of game completion in 22 years not the significant progress I was hoping for.  This is before I get into the fact that the developers seemingly have a sheer lack of interest working on this game at the moment, and would much rather work on there predecessor game of ETS 2. Want evidence of this let us do a comparison on what has came out for ATS vs ETS, since ATS has been released. ATS has had 7 dlc's come out for it all cosmetic DLC's apart from one of them being map content, and that being the free pre order map bonus content of Arizona. Now compare with ETS 2 that has had 1 map release with France 1 that will be done before the 2 year mark which is Italy so I am counting this as 2 map releases and 22 new cosmetic DLC's released (primarily paint packs) in the year and a half that ATS has come out 7 DLC'S for ATS vs the 24 ETS 2 DLC packs or 23 if we do not count Italy so please people who try to critique this review tell me how that does not show them focusing more on ETS2? I NOW STATE CLEARLY because of the above there is no way in my right mind I can tell people that this is worth the £14 price tag AT THE MOMENT IN IT'S CURRENT STATE with a current progress for the full game to be done in 22 years and a lack of interest by the Developers.  I mean if you are a diehard fan of the Truck simulator series then sure pull the trigger on this game but be under no illusion this game is deprived of content and expect a lack of any real content for I would say a good 2 to 3 years while SCS wrap up everything on Euro Truck simulator 2. If on the other hand you are totally new to the truck driving simulation games and were thinking this would be a Awesome place to start STAY AWAY FROM IT FOR NOW, come back in 3 years when more has been added or better yet go and spend that £14 on Euro Truck simulator 2 and you will get Way more bang for your buck. This Review will be subject to change if and When New content releases for ATS and we start seeing the developer become interested in making this game again.
barfingcat21	Not Recommended	15.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/barfingcat21/	Untill SCS adds more content, other than 2 trucks and states I dont think its worth it.
[TW] Supermikeyethan	Not Recommended	24.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198145696151/	The game isn't as good as Euro 2, the point of the game is to go on long roadtrips. Since its called American Trucking Simulator, i would expect to get atleast the majority of America, and yet you get a small ammount and a few trucks. They are taking steps to increase customisation, but in general, i think adding more States first, or doing larger parts of America rather than just State by State. If this keeps up, and you have to go get state by state, it gets expensive. When i was younger, i played 18 Wheels of Steel: Long Haul. It had way more to do in it, including several more brands and fun trucks to drive, and way more of a map. I though that if they would make any dlc for additions, it would atleast be something like parts of upper Mexico or lower Canada,  but you barely get any America, and so far, you gotta pay for the rest. Generally, there is some good stuff in it, but lately, it seems games arnt like what they use to be.
Bogor Represent!	Not Recommended	324.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/crypticcat/	It pains me to write down that I don't reccommend purchasing American Truck Simulator.American Truck Simulator (ATS), created by SCS responsible for legendary titles like Truck&Trailer, Extreme Trucking, German and UK Truck Simulator, Euro Truck Simulator and Euro Truck Simulator 2, should've been a slamdunk shoe-in in all and every aspect and it just isn't.The AI is a definate step back from the AI in ETS2 and it will slow down and/or brake violently where it isn't needed. Traffic-rules AI is over-zealous and will issue fines upwards of $700 ingame currency for the minorest of mistakes.The map is tiny and the two states provided (Cali and Nevada) are so condensed that a trip from LA to Oxnard is in length comparable to Rotterdam-Amsterdam in ETS2. Time flies so fast that your fuel-tank is always empty and your trucker is always yawning.The two brands of trucks the game starts with are legendary and speak to the imagination, Peterbild and Kenworth, the Adidas and Puma of the truckingworld. But they're weaksauce dinkytoys that can't even pull a load up a hill without losing steam and are hardly the monsters they ought to be.The highway-system portrayed in the game, which is a simulator, does in no way reflect the actual highway system in use in America today and is in that aspect worse than the  German Autobahn portrayal in ETS2.The handling of the trucks feel floaty or loose which gives the whole experience a very arcady feel.ATS is however a beautiful game, much of which a follower of SCS has come to expect. But beautiful graphics do not make a simulator. Realism (as much as possible anyway) and depth of simulation is. ATS is an arcade trucking game, much like Big Motha Truckers, but without the fun.I would suggest that you buy Euro Truck Simulator 2. It has more depth of simulation, more destinations, less absurd time-compression, more trucks, more jobs, more different trailers and a more diverse landscape.It's also cheaper, both in the meaning of the word and in what you get for your money.
Zzt	Not Recommended	22.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197971509759/	Could be fun, but it is ruined by stupidity.It's like there is a policeman sitting behind you, hidden with a notepad, passing tickets the second you do anything wrong. Doesnt matter if you are in the middle of no where - didnt stop at a stop sign? ticket. Going 60 mph on a 55 zone, while in the middle of nowhere at night with no one to be seen? ticket. Going in the middle of no where in the desert and pass an imaginary red light? ticket. Going about your business and hit an imaginary car where no one is there? ticket.Every npc civilian is blasting through a green light and you go right along with them , the same rules dont apply, if you go through a green light with everyone else, you get a ticket. Basically, you end up every mission with less money then you started with. I did 5 or 6 missions and I have a dozen emails from the bank because I have negative funds.This game should be about learning to control the truck, or in my case that I was in auto mode, trying to make the best time I could while managing gas, rest and all that to deliver the cargo as fast as possible. Instead it's about tickets , imaginary invisible cars that you seem to hit although there's nothing there, along with red lights and stop signs.What a shame, it could be a wonderful relaxing experience instead it was just annoying me.
Nenad Kralj	Recommended	179.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/knenad/	Really, I can't get enough of this, I need more maps (roads) for my empire. Give me more!! I think that whit that I slayed all. Differently in love!!-One note to add - PLEASS- try to make it "lighter" for us who have dual cores PC or not so "good" machines!? Thank you !!
LV . Dainis143	Recommended	40.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198239851116/	ok 
niten57	Not Recommended	93.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198049363959/	If they would put as much effort into it as they do ETS it might be good. Each state is a DLC and the DLC is to high, plus by the time I get all 50 states I will be to old to play it.
Dr Shred	Not Recommended	106.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198153075555/	4/10If you like ETS 2.0 you will probably like this. It is the usual fare from SCS and that is pretty good, but it is completely hamstrung by the lack of vehicles and vehicle upgrades. The end-game in terms of trucks and modifications is reached very early on and is exceptionally limited making the game become boring very quickly by closing off an area that many players enjoy; that of customising the vehicles they, or their drivers, drive.There are mods for other trucks however using such mods is always a risk due to the way they are tied to save games and the consequent potential for the loss of many hours of game effort.So far the map releases have been no more than "OK". The maps are really quite small and, like many players, I struggle to see the difference in terrain between California and Arizona. The upcoming New Mexico expansion looks like it might have some interesting industrial modules for cargo acquisition and delivery but beyond that there doesn't appear to be much to distinguish it from Arizona or California.I purchased it on sale and for that lowered price I am satisfied with the product but until SCS can vastly improve the range of trucks and accessories available the game will continue to fail to meets its potential.This game gets a "No" due to the fact that it doesn't deserve a "Yes" more than does deserve a "No". Certainly at full price it is a "No" but on sale it is a weak "Yes" at best. ATS is currently far outshone by its more mature older sibling ETS 2.0.If you are looking for a game of this type and have neither ATS nor ETS 2.0 in your library; splash your cash on ETS as it is a much more worthwhile product.A final point: Although it "seemed like a good idea at the time" the initial concept of releasing map content progressively has turned out to be a very bad idea. As it stands the three states available provide insufficient content. The drip-feed of maps is as dry as the desert landscapes you drive through. The next addition to the map will be too little, too late. The way things are going if the continent is ever fully delivered it will take almost as long as the opening up of the "New West" in the late 1700's to early 1800's. Much more work needs to be done to significantly decrease the delivery time on new map content.
Alice Cooper	Recommended	1.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ichbinjonny/	Played it like twice. It has nice views.
TITO	Recommended	11.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/JosipBrozDobarSkroz/	A very nice game. Only one thing: Please make some DLC to add more US-States. ;)
JuKaToRuL	Not Recommended	11.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198146537243/	Its a GREAT GAME , but .... only 3 states are open ....the rest its for PAY !!!!  :(  , AND THE DLC ITS NOT CHEAP ...  :(
4D-420 | Davis E.	Recommended	135.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/WizDaGamer/	This game is the best just saying...I like it, since i do...you should :) I should really rewrite this
mrraleigh98	Recommended	53.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198085193897/	I totally recommend this game, because the game is so well-polished and the gameplay is even more impressive than Euro Truck Simulator 2. I had never tried the Truck Simulator series, and I found that once I got it, I couldn't stop playing. Even though the map is currently small, the graphics have been improved from ETS2, and is currently at a rock-bottom price. I cannot wait for more DLC to come out, and eventually I hope that the game can expand to the whole of the USA. This game is great for anyone, as it is super easy to learn, but is also challenging in it's own right to grow your company to a bigger level. Get it now while it is at a cheap price.10/10
BillyMercury	Recommended	303.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198280165318/	The best Simulation game i ever played in 2016. Better than ETS2
mattdilllon	Recommended	155.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/104748187/	I sure hope the Developers of ATS plan also to add Multiple Combination Trailers too! E.G. "A" Train, C"Train Combinations? .........These type of combination trailers are still quite popular in North American, Especially for L.T.L. Loads........... To make them drivable within ATS...a, "Converter Type Coupler"... that "Free-Stands" when disconnected is needed. A "Converter" also would require a, "Pintle Type Hookup", for the "A-or, Lead Trailer" along with a "Fifth Wheel Type Hookup", for the "B-or Following Trailer".Theres one more type of Combination too...without the Pintle Hookup! The "B" Train. This type relies on a Sliding Trailer Axle for the "A" or "Lead" Trailer. Whe the "Axle-Slider" is extended their is a Visible a "Fifth Wheel" on top of the "Trailer Axles". the "B" or "Following" Trailer attaches to this "Fifth Wheel" to make-up a "Set of B-Train Wagons" or "B-Train"Real Popular in Canada too, as its simple to "Hook and Unhook" and is Extremely more Stable than an "A-Train" or the almost obsolete/replaced "C-Train". The "B-Train" has over time replaced the "C-Train", as its less complex and requires less maintenance and training too.ThanksNeilr
SexyBuddha	Recommended	28.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/HitGod47/	You can drive across Californistan without actually going there.
Generic Emo Girl 69	Recommended	9.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/HSGDHSKF/	great game and really worth the price
bayerntvplay	Recommended	35.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198354009507/	---{Graphics}---☐ Masterpiece☑ Beautiful☐ Good☐ Okay☐ Decent☐ Will do☐ Bad☐ Awful☐ Paint.exe---{Gameplay}--- ☐ Try not to get addicted☐ Very good☑ Good☐ Okay☐ Nothing special☐ Ehh☐ Bad☐ Just don’t---{Audio}--- ☑ Eargasm☐ Very good☐ Good☐ Decent☐ Not too bad☐ Bad☐ Earrape---{Audience}--- ☐ Kids☑ Teens (12 to 15)☑ Teens (16 & 17)☑ Adults☐ Everyone---{PC Requirements}--- ☐ GT 210☐ Check if you can run paint☐ Potato☐ Minimum☑ Decent☐ Fast☐ Rich boi☐ Millionaire☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer☐ Does works with 3rd party modify.☐ Does not works even with 3rd party modify.☐ Windows XP and similar older system---{Difficulty}--- ☐ Just press a bunch of buttons☑ Easy☐ Significant brain usage ☐ A 9 year old kid will do it☐ Easy to learn / Hard to master☐ Not so easy☐ Difficult☐ Dark Souls---{Story}--- ☑ Doesn’t have (Not counting historical stuff)☐ Something isn’t nothing I guess☐ Not great☐ Average☐ Good☐ Lovely☐ Will make you cry or smile a lot---{Game Time}--- ☐ Long enough for a cup of tea☐ Short☐ Average☐ Long☐ Depends on you☑ Endless---{Bugs}--- ☑ Never had any☐ Minor bugs☐ Few bugs ☐ More then a few bugs☐ Lots☐ Can get annoying☐ Ruining the game☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs☐ Bad AI bots---{Conclusion}---☐ Must have☑ Buy it☐ So-so☐ If you do not know what to do with your money, buy it☐ Waste of money 
NvisibleNv	Recommended	307.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Nvisiblenv/	Product received for free
Electric Avenue	Not Recommended	5.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/thisIsATrojan/	If you already own Euro Truck Simulator 2 there is really no reason to own this game. There is marginal improvement to the graphics, driving and mechanics and its honesly unnoticeable (this could also be attributed to a new computer). I was hoping for some beautiful scenary but all I got was Euro truck simulator 2 in the desert. If you do not own Euro Truck Simulator 2 I very much recommend the game but for what we get as a supposed sequel it is not worth it. It should be an expansion not a new game
Panzerscout	Recommended	46.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/panzerscout/	In a nutshell: change gear, change gear, change gear, check your mirror, murder a prostitute, change gear...
CGU - Eddy	Not Recommended	9.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Swarez13/	OK, so I've played Eurotruck sim 2 for several hundred hours and have been looking forward to this game coming out, and for a number of reasons I highly recommend this game, however for fewer but far more important reason I dont recommend this. so here goes. Pro'sIt's good looking, It's good valueIt's slightly a different experience from Euro TrucksThe Badsome of the roads are to tight to drive around properlyThe scale of the map has basically ruined the game, for example you can get from LA to Las Vagas in around 5 minutes, I know they cant do it to true scale, but some resemelance of how big the USA actually is would of gone down well, I know they are releasing other states in time, but I cant see them rectifying such a massive issue with the game. And for tha reason I wouldnt recommend it. If you like truck sims, I can guess you have already purchased most of the DLC's from the previous game, and if its really American rigs you like, I would save your money and just use MOD's for Euro Trucks, theres a far greater choice of American rigs for free and the MODS are easy to install, plus many other maps etc to keep the game fresh.
Colin Maxwell	Not Recommended	66.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198034669846/	Feels like add on game then new game, Very Nice country side and citys but feel too small.... Love the game and all that! Can't wait for more states be realised and hope!! for kenford? old fashion trucks be realised! I have to but this review on 50/50 as NO MP again by SCS! moden times in this world nearly all games people want MP! SO for that reason and other reivews from people I give this a negative for now but like I mention it's a 50/50.
mart	Not Recommended	0.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198031780497/	The title is misleading. It should be called 3-state Truck Simulator because that's what it is. It has only 3 states covered so anyone who thinks they can enjoy driving from coast to coast, like I did, will be hugely disappointed.If core game has only 3 states then I can only imagine how many DLC-s there will be to cover the whole country.
CookieCookie101 [SSC-NM]	Recommended	55.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198132303075/	I love the game scs has done a lot of awsome work on this... I think this is the best simulator out on the market besides euro truck simulator 2.I live in America and i think this look's really dam good and real..Best game in enjoy it.. 10 out of 10
Uskeus	Recommended	7,936.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198087622997/	Pretty amazing!! Realistic and perfect graphics and physics, I love it!!! I recommend this game!!
Paul Vitti	Not Recommended	33.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198084364799/	Actually, I have been waiting for this game since the devs announced that they were going to create the game.However, I'm now a bit disappointed with what I see.Don't expect too many differences from ETS 2, this game contains only some new maps and cities, and also new trucks(only 2 different trucks), that's all. The only thing that I can praise is that roads are more realistic and better than ETS 2.Rest is the exact same of ETS 2, believe me.Moreover, it's a little bit unrealistic when it comes to driving. You'll see what I mean after getting in front of the wheel. You shouldn't be able to move those giant trucks without spending too much effort.Am I expecting too much? I don't think so.If this game was released before ETS 2, I would agree that the game is wonderful; but in this case, it's not, I'm sorry. 
WhiteWolf	Not Recommended	35.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jaxteller98/	DLC Simulator
Stripe	Recommended	55.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/stripe3211/	Initially I was apprehensive about buying the game due to the small size of it compared to ETS and ETS2, and over scaling making the roads far too short. However, I bought it after playing around with the demo and realising that it is all relative. Don't get me wrong, the map is small, and the longest drive I've done so far lasted no more than 40 minutes (I've spent a couple hours on a single job in ETS2). I have no doubt this will change over time, but I feel SCS has cheated the game by only releasing two initial states.Pros:- Challenging driving with longer trailers- Selectable trailer drop off locations- Detailed scenery and roadsCons:- The map is far too small in its current- Lack of trucks- Idiotic AI and overly harsh traffic penalty enforcementThis game is good for people who want a step up from the driving in ETS and ETS2, but I wouldn't strongly suggest people who own those games to get this as it feels more like a DLC or gimick having played the previous two games. For those who've never played a truck sim, this offers a unique and in-depth entry into the game type.TL:DRGood game that challenges your driving skills, but map is too small.
mashedpotatonator	Recommended	149.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mashedpotatonator/	Pretty much ETS2 with American trucks and a smaller, but highly detailed map. You play as a truck driver who has no cash, no truck, nothing. You do quick jobs by driving for other companies till you can afford your own truck. Once you own a truck, you are free to explore and discover cities where you can find pickup and drop off points for trailers, truck dealers, recruitment agencies, and more. Once you've earned a considerable amount of cash, you can upgrade our garage and buy additional trucks and hire drivers for added income. You can buy more garages in different cities to further expand your business.Pros: - Very vibrant and beautiful graphics- Easy to use interface (Carried over from ETS2)- Highly detailed map with excellent attention to detail- Highly detailed trucks with interior- Realistic Driving physics- Realistic Driving laws- Simple to use Sat Nav- Controller, wheel, joystick support- Mods support- Photomode and World of Trucks- Multiplayer mod (Truckers MP)Cons:- Very poor optimization; you may need a good GPU to run smoothly- Small map (Free & Paid Expansions soon to come)- Limited truck selection (More to come within the next few months)- Daft AI (Similar to ETS2)- Police cars spawn too often and are not forgiving when speeding- Spawn rate of certain AI cars are unrealistic- Lack of slip roads on freeway intersections- Horn sounds like a computer making error noises
Hrolfr	Recommended	347.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/lennartstek/	One of the best simulators out there, hours of fun. With the Rescale project and a few more states and Euro Truck Simulator 2 will be no more.+ Driving feels updated toward ETS2.+ American huge trucks!+ The rescaled game feels more compareable to ETS2, even though some more states could do. But as we all know it take time.- The Anti Aliasing is in need of a huge update. Blurry textures and flashing lines are a way too common problem.- Too much desert, would love to see some non desert states added soon.Wishlist:Customisable Cabin, we still miss accessories as an example.- More to be added
TangoRomeo	Not Recommended	0.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198066522839/	I bought this as a fan of ETS2, however, I found myself dissapointed to the point of refunding the game. Why? The main thing that brought me to that conclusion was the scale in the game. A mile in game is equivalent to about 100 feet on the road,which makes a 100+ mile drive take about 10 minutes. Why does that drive of 100 miles (about 2 miles in real scale) take that long? Because the trucks are the most sluggish and poor handling things I've ever seen in a game like this. Having the petal matted to the floor and flat-foot shifting takes about 1 whole minute to get to 50mph. I can't recommend this game in this state.
WTLVTC | Bigdave (GB)	Recommended	106.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Bigdave151985/	Absolutely stunning graphics, with realistic locations, each with their own driving challenge. Based on the successful Euro Truck  Simulator 2, this new game takes trucking to a whole new level.
(p)iggy	Recommended	262.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/igranigra/	Двигаясь по следам укатанного (и продолжающего развитие) ETS2, ATS, тем не менее, выглядит очень впечатляюще, и видно что SCS подходит к своему "младшему" детищу с любовью и вниманием. Изначально, даже не желая покупать ATS, считал что лучше уже готового в ETS2 сделать попросту нельзя. Но поиграв, осознаешь, что каждый штат вылизывается от и до, практически нет копипастного брака и дизайнерских ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ов при составлении карт (так, в той же относительно новой, Scandinavia DLC, стыки дорог и развязок выполнены так топорно что с ATS, где ни одной текстурной выбоины на стыках вообще не увидел - не сравнится). ETS2 выезжает, конечно же, за счет сетевой игры и берет свое бОльшим контентом карт и выбором грузовиков - именно по этой причине, ATS не столь популярен. Чтобы сократить отставание, американскому детищу SCS как кровь из носу нужны новые штаты. Анонсированный Орегон следует как можно быстрее дополнить Ютой, Колорадо, Айдахо, Вайомингом и Монтаной - наиболее природно красивыми штатами - ибо дальше на восток, уже более равнинный ландшафт и минимум пейзажей. Ну и, конечно же, добавить хотя бы тройку грузовиков. Как до сих пор не добавлен Freightliner (тягачи этой компании составляют около 40% от общего количества седельных грузовиков в США) для меня загадка. Да, лицензии выбиваются долго и бла-бла, чем там нас еще кормят в SCS - как по мне, чехи просто жадничают приобрести лицензии, и будут доить игроков железно ещес десяток лет. Создавать же еще надо много чего, а исполнение - черепашье. Ну а нам просто придется ждать...
BennyRamone	Recommended	65.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/BennyRamone/	A fantastic game because the trucks look great but there aren't as many trucks and the map isn't as big as euro truck but the game is still in development and the graphics have inproved a huge amount and I'm looking forward to see what features they add. For those who want to buy this game I recommend Euro truck simulator 2 because there are more trucks and contries but those who have a great computer buy American truck simulator.
WhiteWolf	Not Recommended	35.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jaxteller98/	DLC Simulator
Stripe	Recommended	55.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/stripe3211/	Initially I was apprehensive about buying the game due to the small size of it compared to ETS and ETS2, and over scaling making the roads far too short. However, I bought it after playing around with the demo and realising that it is all relative. Don't get me wrong, the map is small, and the longest drive I've done so far lasted no more than 40 minutes (I've spent a couple hours on a single job in ETS2). I have no doubt this will change over time, but I feel SCS has cheated the game by only releasing two initial states.Pros:- Challenging driving with longer trailers- Selectable trailer drop off locations- Detailed scenery and roadsCons:- The map is far too small in its current- Lack of trucks- Idiotic AI and overly harsh traffic penalty enforcementThis game is good for people who want a step up from the driving in ETS and ETS2, but I wouldn't strongly suggest people who own those games to get this as it feels more like a DLC or gimick having played the previous two games. For those who've never played a truck sim, this offers a unique and in-depth entry into the game type.TL:DRGood game that challenges your driving skills, but map is too small.
BugZy	Recommended	5.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/BugZyAussieHeroes/	American Truck Simulator is a game all about following road rules, attempting – and failing – to park cargo without crashing and most of all, listening to country music. Is it worth buying?The full review is too large to put into a Steam user review, so you can view it here. We also have pictures![www.gamesworthbuying.com] 
haarby24	Not Recommended	45.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198131560010/	really i got a ticket for going 2mph over worst game this year so far
Adam	Recommended	37.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198149964324/	Amazing game
Diasent	Not Recommended	36.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198004369175/	$12 for each state DLC.  You get Arizona for free though.  It's an addictive simulator with some business management aspects.  But, each state is just driving points, nothing really to add and $12 is a rip off.  Just stick to California, Nevada, and Arizona.  I want to say yes to recommending this game, but everytime I check the yes button, my gut tells me I made a wrong decision.The game is buggy like toll gates not opening for you, retarder gets stuck on even after reload, so I had to rebind my keys. It's a good idea to rebind your keys anyway because the standard mapping sucks.  There's speed limit signs that are different than the actual speed limit so you have to pay attention to what your GPS is telling you what the speed limit is.  They throw traffic lights on 65 MPH (104 Kph) roads.
Norsca	Not Recommended	246.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197971196625/	I posted this on SCS's Facebook awhile back but this still rings true.----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------American Truck Simulator Release Date: Feb 2, 2016It is currently, August 17, 2017. Let's just round up a little and give it the 'ole 1.5 year mark.After 1.5 years. American Truck Simulator currently only features 3 states out of 50. Okay Okay, I'll be fair..... 48 states they could make realistically.New Mexico has been in the work from SCS own mouths for the last 7 months. So lets assume New Mexico drops tomorrow (Which it isn't.)Going by SCS own timeline. At the current rate, you will see American Truck Simulator finished with all 48 states in Apr. 18 2043.Yes, that's right. At the current pace it will be finished in a measly 26 years.ROLLS EYES.
Pacific National Fan	Recommended	36.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/QueenslandNationalRailFan/	Easy to drive and fun the map might not be that big but it is still a lot of fun 10/10.
Skyn3T	Not Recommended	0.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198106626209/	This game is not worth the money for now, my advice, wait till the game will have more trucks, more customisations, and a true American map.The game is nice,but lacks of content.
Skyn3T	Not Recommended	0.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198106626209/	This game is not worth the money for now, my advice, wait till the game will have more trucks, more customisations, and a true American map.The game is nice,but lacks of content.
FlipLo (CosminFlo)	Recommended	25.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/cosminatat/	I really like it. The gameplay it's better than ETS2.It's a shame that it's not populated than ETS2. But it's more fun.In my opinion, between ETS2 and ATS, I choose ATS.
Akka	Not Recommended	8.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Akkadias/	Have you ever been playing a video game and been relieved to find the police?Neither have I.Drive behind them, slower than them, drive with a car or two in between you and them and it's all for ♥♥♥♥ing nothing. These cops are out to ruin your ♥♥♥♥ing day even worse than the CCTV cameras in the UK. Unlike the cameras though these guys are everywhere, they are moving, and they actively exist to ♥♥♥♥ you up just for ♥♥♥♥♥ and giggles, ticketing you while they mindlessly continue driving away along with the rest of traffic, all of which drives faster than you ever could.  
frosti	Not Recommended	35.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198112570566/	This game is great but there is not much content. It feels more like a good demo version of a game that should be a final product. 2 trucks and a small map. I cannot give a positive review here. Hope I will have a reason to change it in the future.
Brian O'Conner	Not Recommended	6.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198013315005/	The game is more of what ETS 2 was, but now set in the US.  Unfortunately, it is only set in California and Nevada, which means you have a very limited map to work with.  I miss the ETS variety of cities and countries, and I don't think that the size of the US is an excuse.  More states should have been included, and having them as DLC later on is pretty lame.In addition, police fines are brutal, so if you go a bit over the speed limit then you may be losing half of the income from that haul.Ultimately, the game feels bland to me so far, but I will need to see more to decide more completely.  Hopefully I can get more into it, but I am not liking it the way I enjoyed ETS 2.  I would not spend the money again, at least until more content is added.
privalovdj	Not Recommended	21.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/privalovdj/	This is not a new game, this is dlc for ETS 2. Too few differences from ETS 2
not_him_59	Not Recommended	43.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198164127181/	I liked the idea of this being an open world game, but wish I hadn't bought it having seen what the triple screen support is like. I can't play it because I get motion sickness with the awful effects of the side screens. Graphics being DirectX 9 doesn't help either. First I got stuck in the depot but eventually got out and made the first drop which took just a few minutes , so a total waste of money for me.
Mr. Jizzard The Tentacle Wizard	Recommended	52.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Ineedyoutolive/	this game is so addicting and it has awesome radio music!
jsmith3140	Recommended	68.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198059407859/	Great game, will definitely recommend this.
Varrig	Not Recommended	158.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197970724676/	This is not American Truck Simulator... its Southwestern American Truck Simulator.  Additional content for this game is very slow to release, it almost feels abandoned.  And content in those releases is hardly worth the money they are charging.  SCS does not care about this game.  They are only concerned with releasing content for Euro Truck Sim 2.  Don't waste your time or money on this game, even with a sale.  You will get very bored with the 2 companies selling 4 trucks very quickly.
^8[^3^*^=BS❌S^r^8]^0Sophie	Recommended	349.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198264295112/	very fun to play, feel like your really in the game, listen to your own music while traveling and meet new people in online.
PukeOnGames	Not Recommended	51.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198272121649/	Good, but requires updates.American Truck Simulator is a relaxing game and an excellent simulator. I appreciate the detail put into the environments. However, when you're thinking of trucking across the American highway system, you're not limited to three states. For the price of the game more UNPAID content is definitely required. And the price of DLC for new mexico makes it difficult to say this game is recommended for the base price and base DLC price. Would be nice to have different states, such as Alaska or the east to counter the ever dreary (but beautiful) western desert theme.Would love to see free patches including different states to enhance this beautiful game. I want to recommend this so badly unfortunately I currently cannot justify price vs content.
Country Mac	Not Recommended	15.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198132608135/	Congratulations, you have successfully simulated the tedium of motorway driving. This 'game' is suitable only it seems, for budding Eddie Stobart drivers preparing for their first week on the job. Beyond the -repeat- tedium of overzealous police, speed limits that make me want to increase the rate time passes to actually get anywhere, and the god damn lack of any ounce of imagination when it comes to road design (seriously the most inspiring road design appears to be a series of miniature hills near Bakersfield), we see a return of invisible walls to the world of gaming, I thought had been left behind in 2006. I bought this for two reasons, I wanted to use an controller with my computer, and I wanted a nice relaxing game. Well the controller was anything but obvious to configure, and the gameplay was less relaxing, more naeuseatingly dull.Seriously hope this was not the efforts of more than a first year games programming student's pet project. Dont bother with the rest of the states, you appear to have run out of ideas anyway.
MrGiggles06	Recommended	454.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198277746146/	Very fun and relaxing game, until a ai car pulls out in front of you lol...
CezaR ッ	Recommended	221.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198101817786/	Ok so after playing for a couple of hours i will give you my honest oppinion about this game.Pro: Pretty nice graphics(i think it looks better than ets2)                   the map is very detailed and the cities are bigger than in ets 2                   now you have police cars on the road that can fine you if you do something wrong                   a lot of nice AI cars                    a lot of mods on the internet that can make this game 2 times better                    tumbleweeds on the desert roads Cons: only 2 trucks at the launch (More will come but you have to wait a little)           only 2 states: Nevada and California( Arizona is on its way and more states will come but for now you have to deal with those 2 states)            it need some optimization in cities cause it eats some fps( but on highways and desert roads runs more better than ets2)            the police fines are quite big especially at the beginning of the game so be careful!Personally i will recommand this game because its a new experience and when you will have more states and trucks this will be way better than ets2.The price i think its quite reasonable considering that a lot of features,trucks and some map expansions will be free.
77	Not Recommended	22.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kttoro/	I cannot recommend this game as it was too disappointing after playing it. There are only 3 states available to play in American Truck Simulator, and the gameplay gets old very fast as you are driving through the same roads and regions over and over again with no variation. I would recommend European Truck Simulator 2 over this with all the maps at this point in time. Also the game engine and gameplay plays exactly like ETS2 so you're not really missing anything apart from the ambience of driving in America albeit the 3 American states that were released...Maybe worthwhile to come back to this game once they release more states in DLCs and wait for discounts as I'm pretty sure there will be lots of DLCs, one for each state.
anyquestions?	Not Recommended	0.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/anyquestions/	It's mostly Euro Truck Simulator 2I have to say as someone who loves Euro Truck simulator I have to say I am going to be refuning this and going to buy it when all the states are released, as it stands, there is just too little in the game for my limited amount of money I can spend on a game, it feels allot like a skin for Ets2 which isn't bad, it's what I thought it would feel like, but launching with only 2 states ready that seems a little small to me, and then states are going to be DLC, it all comes down to how much the states are going to cost, but unless they change to a region system for states that is at least 48 peices of DLC for this game... that is allot and could be incredibly expencive to buy the complete game. So I would issue an air of cauction with this game and if you can be a bit patient, wait and see what happens. so basically   doesn't feel like enough game  could be very expencive to actually get all of it   doen't change much  
eddie	Not Recommended	0.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198060573674/	This game would be great if your a British person with great eyesight who enjoys American culture. But not too much culture. Also, someone who enjoys getting up from the place you steam from to go fiddle with the PC that is running the game. Also, someone who hates using an xbox controller despite it being a flipping driving game. So basically if you're hairy potter and you love lame parking games, you're gonna love this game.
Geari	Not Recommended	8.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Geari/	No where near ready for release.The size of the map is plain lazy. I don't wan't to hear excuses from the developers because even Euro Truck Simulator 1  shipped with a larger world map. ATS has a very limited world map, and the distance inbetween locations is way too short.For the price, it's not too bad, but honestly it just doesn't have the same feeling that ETS, and for the meantime I think I'll be sticking to that.TrackIR didn't seem to work either, which seems a little strange as it should be the same engine.
DiscretePython	Recommended	112.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198130226411/	Great game, reminds me of the days when I used to play Across America. Speaking of which there's a couple cool features they didn't include in this game that I miss. Talking on the CB or how trucks would honk back if you honked when they passed. Just little things but overall I love the game, can't wait for the rescale.
Peter N. [T1]	Recommended	105.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197983786596/	n00b-pr0-tiPdont try to go to a gas station while hauling Oversize Load.. :Doh yeah if anyone can explain that little cart bouncing at the end of the truck while hauling oversize cargo, please enlighten me. its like hey i already have a huge sonofa.... load on my back why not take a frikken hot-dog cart along for the ride too huh ?
Seth Cohen	Recommended	2.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198043633968/	The♥♥♥♥♥
Sharidan	Recommended	18.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/futteren/	Grab the coffee, walk to the truck, adjust the seat, mirrors, turn the key ...It is amazing what SCS has managed to push their game engine to do, when comparing to it's counterpart ETS2. Basically they appear to the same game engines, yet driving these big rigs feels so different. The big-nosed US style trucks handle differently on the road and they are a bit more challenging to squeeze into those tight delivery locations, compared to how the cab-overs handle in ETS2. SCS has yet again managed to create stunning environments to drive in, while staying faithful to the real areas. Driving into Las Vegas the very first time was like you see in the movies.One of the major differences between ETS2 and ATS is that ATS offers a great deal more challenge to dropping off trailers at the delivery locations. Some locations are so narrow and tight that it becomes time consuming trying to squeeze that dolly coupled trailer into that tiny spot just over there. Those used to drive the cab-overs in ETS2 will be surprised by how much longer theres amazing big-nosed US trucks actually are when trying to maneouver into these small tight spots. I can only highly recomend giving ATS a shot - I see ATS becoming a trucking sim legend just like ETS2 has.
Fishey	Recommended	652.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198007338209/	So rare when a game makes you want more, even gives you more and more and its still just not enough! Own all there is for ATS & ETS2 and still I wait for more....Bravo, SCS, how about another encore! 
PeterRabbit	Recommended	429.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/NoLifeBunny/	I now know way more about the highway system in the western US than I ever did before.
BlueVantra	Recommended	263.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SneakyTurtle91/	Amazing Game. Its fun to play but needs more cities, but they'll most likely be unlocked through the years on DLC's
7/11 was a part time job	Recommended	19.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198078141190/	I just started playing and im hooked
HyperHusky	Recommended	10.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Hypsky/	Love It!
Coauldy	Recommended	38.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/notverysmart/	I didnt know big rig trucking would be this fun.
Marovic	Recommended	69.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/marovic92/	its great game,but the stering wheel is to sesitive,its not like in ets 2,pls fiz stering wheel
Supernovae	Recommended	108.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198339815182/	Such a time suck!This game seems lame. I mean, driving trucks around the South East USA? I have at this point spent almost 80 hours in the game, but at least twice that in the community forums. That is a low hour count compared to average as well. The base game is very good, however mods really save this game. Mods allow for the player to make it more or less realistic as they please, and the only downside is that they often break due to updates. This game came out In 2016, and will be updated frequently for many years to come, so the game will evolve as you play it.
Pacowaka	Recommended	4.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/pacowaka/	A great game to pass the time. It's actually quite calming.You ship products from town to town earning money until you gather enough to start your own business.Sounds kinda boring, but definitely a lot of fun if you like driving games. Would definitely recommend!
Nanowave	Recommended	210.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197969023173/	While I don't think this one is as good as Euro Truck 2 its close. It has some really nice scenery, espcially with the new, New Mexico DLC and the game world is ver open outside of CaliforniaI do find the larger American trucks just don't turn very well compared to their european counterparts however, but with mods this isn't too much of a problem.
Kobe	Recommended	54.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Tipsis/	Very cool game.Recommend this for truck lovers.
SeedySanno95	Recommended	48.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198320831881/	great game love it, only thing is needs more different brands of trucks
EViLiSLuRKiNG	Recommended	59.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/EViLiSLuRKiNG/	The U.S. Map will not be completed before the current team dies and long after I die but until then I can drive my life away...https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YmkR-ePlBaQSo what are you waiting for start driving your life away by buying this game!
patou316	Recommended	22.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/patou316/	Fun driving sim, just wish there was more of America to drive in.
Catracho	Recommended	289.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198387991875/	This game is the top driving game I ever played! i just love it!! Thanks to those who invested their time into developing this wonderful game!
gman197002	Not Recommended	72.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198062510405/	Before I begin, let me make it abundantly clear that I absolutely love and fully reccomend Euro Truck Simulator 2. This is not a matter of me not enjoying this type of game; I love that game, and honestly, I have really enjoyed my brief time with this one. However, that time will not likely increase.You will find many reviews about this game that claim that the cost is too high, which is the cause for which I write this review. As there is only one DLC state out, however, it is seemingly difficult to predict how much the full price will be. Many argue, 'they are going to charge us $12 for each of the 47 extra states!' This is flawed logic, supporters of the game have pointed out, as I assure you that you will not be charged the same amount for Texas as you would for Vermont. The base for the amount charged, however, seems to be rather consistant with one factor: the square milage. So if we are to assume that the square milage of each state will corralate with the price charged, we can predict the cost of the game. New Mexico ($12) is 121,697 sqmi, so we can assume that the going rate is 10,141.42 sqmi/$. So, if we use this formula to find the cost of the extra 47 states, then add on to it the base price of the game, what is the predicted total cost of the United States in ATS?$356.12Yes, we can assume that, prettied up, the final cost of the full game will be $350. Don't get me wrong, if you are willing to pay that much for this game, I am in no way judging you. Different people have different levels of interest in different things. It does annoy me, however, that SCS are very sneaky about this. It is more obvoius now, but when ATS came out, there was no way of knowing that extra states were to cost extra money without visiting outside sources. On the steam page, there is no mention of this. And it would be OK if the game was branded more obviously (such as the physical box art of the game which has the word 'California' written on it), but as far as I, a consumer paroozing steam, would think, I am buying a game where I can truck anywhere in the US (at least when the states are released). I'm also not impressed with the content I am buying. $12 for New Mexico is laughable. Why am I paying over half of the base price for a big desert? No offence to anyone in New Mexico, and I'm sure SCS did it very well, but the base game already has deserts in it. Actually, all of Nevada, Arizona, and a large portion of California is desert. Yet I'm going to pay for more desert? Again, I'm sure the SCS portrait of New Mexico is very good, but $12 seems ridiculous. And that's another part of the problem. This game is pretty cheap, as far as modern games go. $20 for a game as expansive as this is generous, and because of that I have no problem paying extra for the states. I have bought all of the expansion DLC for ETS2, and I would gladly give up to $100 or even a bit more for this game. I don't think it is greedy of me, however, to say that $350 is asking a bit too much.There are also some other issues with the game that help tip it over the edge. The production rate of the states seems pretty slow (and yes, the guys who make ETS2 and ATS are in two different branches, so I don't want to hear it), though I was impressed with the map size increase. There are only two brands of trucks, and four trucks total. This is because of a marketing issue, and I do feel bad that SCS is having a particularly hard time with this. It is, however, a big problem, and making excuses isn't going to change the fact that it is a big stain on the variety. The thought of SCS releasing more trucks in a DLC pack also annoys me.So, ultimately, I would give a lot of money to this game, but $350 is just too much. I love ETS2 and, to an extent, what this game wants to be, but it is far too expensive. If you like paying massive amounts of money for a moderate amount of content, I would reccomend Train Simulator.
(COL) Alex	Recommended	485.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198409658540/	its a nice game like simulator game its fun
Porozil	Recommended	54.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198299355960/	when the world is on the brink of detruction and politcal corruption, a game about driving trucks around is what ya need to relieve all that stress. And then maybe, just maybe you'll be able to say,"There are still great things in this world, and one of them is American Truck Simulator""and that European one is good too"  
ExtremeHabanero	Recommended	36.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197972436224/	Good game for take a break from your favorite game like Siege, STO, online games, etc.
MackSuperlinerFan	Recommended	1,000.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/MackSuperlinerFan/	I love this game. It has gotten better since its inception and will continue to get better as SCS continues to develop it. I have gotten my money's worth ($20) out of this game and will continue to do so.
! ! Ducky ! !	Recommended	23.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Luxition/	American Truck Simulator, a good buy if I were to say. It has all the realistic features of real truck driving. Such as, accidents, cars pulled over, and even tumbleweeds. Such attention to detail! The game has no major bugs and runs fairly well on any computer. It is a very satisfying game and if there is something your heart craves you can stop by the Steam Workshop for any additional content.
hknglgcli	Recommended	74.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/hknglgcli/	The best truck simulation game I've ever played. Only thing I do not like about this game is there are only 3 states (by March '17). As DLCs keep coming, I guess it will get much better. Totally recommended!
Elix	Recommended	19.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198088213925/	I'll make this one cut and dry it's a game about being an interstate truck driver. No high speed cop chase, crazy wrecks, or goofy physics. You drive from point a to point b making money and expanding your trucking empirer. You can hire or firer driver once you've got enough money. AS you progress more contracts and load types become aviable. I find the game relaxing. However if you want action this is not what your looking for.
Cranky Fire	Recommended	293.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198211972221/	Best realistic game of trucking EVER! I am a Peterbilt fan so this is my favorite game ever. =)
Patrick V	Recommended	0.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198116269394/	A game that I put in high regard with a experenced developer in the cab with many years of sucessful games of this genre. All I can say is buy this and you won't be dispointed and they constantly impoving this game all the time with new features, trucks, and maps. I know they are rescaling the map atm but I wish they added more trucks at least.
xPepi	Recommended	41.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198108115526/	Ok, the game is not bad, it's pretty good. I enjoy the ATS trucks a lot comparing to ETS but this game just like ETS2 has some very common issues.  Hopefully SCS can address these and hire some people who can write/script better.  I say the game is not bad but that's because I've invested a lot of hours into ETS2. I also have a review up for that game.Please fix the following.1) Resting for 10 hours? really? Who sleeps for 10 hours? Allow us to rest as many hours as we want please and wherever we want. What's the truck cabin for if not to rest?2) Allow purchasing trucks online right from the start3) Need better traffic AI in intersections especially. Many times I need to restart the game so the intersection is empty otherwise I'd be standing there for hours or I simply have to stick myself out into traffic like an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and make them stop so I can enter.4) Better support for graphics. I run a brand new skylake build with a 980ti (2k res, 1 screen, 60fps) and I often get massive drops in FPS during weather or while in a city.I do recommend this game and I also love and recommend ETS2 but this game can be so much better if some minor tweaks were implemented to offer more realism for the player.
Yuka	Recommended	110.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197990567941/	My initial impression with the game so far is very positive. It might be *too* close to ETS2, but I see that in a good way. They kept all the good stuff from ETS2 and improved a bit on top of it and then fed back that to ETS2. I would totally recommend the purchase if you like ETS2, but I would tell you to lower the expectations of a "new game" altogether.The game has a lot of potential. The US of A is a great place to truck (as proven from 18WOS-Haulin' and the original 18WOS-PTTM) and you can start thinking on expanding to Canada and Mexico (Haulin' had both IIRC). California and Nevada are good places to start, but it feels like the game needs more and soon. And when the DLCs come forth, I hope they are like ETS2: a decent chunk of map and places for ~$5 USD. For me, Cali and Nevada are $5USD.In terms of mechanics, the game is basically the same as ETS2. I did not notice any differences in how the truck feels using the same settings (disabling helps, basically). I do appreciate the new "select your parking" and some are pretty darn hard, but they become repetitive. If they could implement something more "random" to each location, would be amazing. Also, I am expecting them to put the Online Job Offerings component in ATS soon as well. I found it really interesting in ETS2 and I have come to like it a lot.The only disappointment I have with the game, is graphics/art wise. I expected an improved map render, but it looks and feels the same as ETS2; they both feel dated as you see the images in front of you, but still keep being surpised with stunning landscapes and detailed locations with what the engine lets them do. Now that they have the game out and put a DLC or two, I hope their new north is improving the Simulation part first and Graphics component second. Bonus points to SCS for making it a native 64bit client as well!8.5/10!Update: 5th of April 2016After playing it for a long long time now (less than ETS2 though), and adding a few mods, the game improved quite a bit. The cops are still ruthless, ticketing left and right. The AI is still a bit dorky at times and there are a few things to still be improved, but I back up my original statement that this is a worthy buy. Just like wine, with time this game will just get better and better.Plus, I have been playing it with my G27 using the range H shifter and clutch. Just amazing.
YouWhatJr	Recommended	17.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TheOrginalFizzyElf/	This is a fun an adicting game, i also like the fanct that all main dlc is free
Karnage=AD=	Recommended	895.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198117073988/	Love this game 
Matt609pbone	Recommended	59.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Matt609pbone/	There is a fair bit of content, but be warned the entire U.S. is not yet in the game. Right now they have California, Nevada, and Arizona. So... 3/48, but having been with SCS for a while, they'll eventually get around to getting the rest in there. They are a fairly small dev team and they are recreating an entire nation. Give this game time, and it will only improve, much like how Euro Truck Simulator 2 has.
CaptainNebulous	Recommended	25.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/NebulousFury/	I am going to go ahead and give this my recommendation, however this is with a bit of an asterisk Platform of the game has every bit of potential as ETS2, however it almost feels as if the game has started more "gimped" than ETS2 did, in regards to interesting locations to discover and landscape variety. Another issue is that there is very few trucks to choose from. And finally, multiplayer needs a lot more love from the community as it is a relative ghost town, this has made me go back to ETS2 for the moment. Relatively small gripes, since the rest of the gameplay is every bit as enjoyable as ETS2. And once more of the states and a significant amount of trucks are added (hopefully for free, since the amount we have now is unsatisfactory, thus game is not ready for much justified DLC) things should get a lot better. There is one challenge with getting people in America to play.... they need to aggressively advertise this game to people who are in the field of trucking. It's not going to be like ETS2 where even just general gamers were interesting. American crowd is much more of a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥in regards to getting them to play simulations. You need to take advantage of the niche crowd more. So hopefully ATS adapts to the new territory with their marketing strategies.***THIS GAME HAS MANY MORE POSITIVES THAN NEGATIVES, IT IS JUST A BIT UNDERWELMING RIGHT NOW***Finally I will say that I would still be playing ATS if the multiplayer crowd was larger, since I like having interaction while I truck. If this is not the kind of thing that will turn you off, then you can subtract that from the negatives.You definitely want to add this, if you are a fan of the series, as soon as financially possible.... since there is a strong chance of great things to come, if ETS2 is any indication. I would not want to be caught out when the game is improved without being able to play it when that day comes. I'll probably come back to this review in 6 to 12 months and update it. If a lot of content is added I will talk about that. If no or little content is added I will change to thumbs down. But these devs have never really let me down yet, so.... there's that. :)  Have a great new year.
robdragon2010	Recommended	33.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198104229949/	GREAT!!Love it! Better than the older 18 wheels series! Way Better!!!!
Donnie Trumpberg	Recommended	13.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/cptseanobi/	No review is going to do this game justice. You have to play it to understand why it's such a brilliant piece of entertainment. It's almost meditative, and you're going to get lost in the long, winding roads of the American southwest. Buy Euro Truck Simulator 2, as well.
Pontain Pirate (Qc)	Recommended	74.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/gab332/	I've lost complete control of my life9/10
radke28	Recommended	148.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198352859198/	I spent 15 years driving trucks and wow, this is pretty good.  It's been 14 years since I've been in California and it brings back the memories of I-5 and I-80 and 99 etc. The trucks:  well lets say that at this point I have not reached a level that lets me buy a real highway tractor, but as for the short little daycab, nothing beats that for getting around easy or seeing behind you when backing up (in real life I mean).  However, a daycab can be just as useful as a sleeper truck for hauling cargo given the right specs.  Pretty realistic I say.  Sounds real, looks spot on inside and out.The trannies:  so the 10 speed is suitable for up to 80,000 lbs gross, but keep it on flat land.  The 18 speed is a heavy duty tranny suitable for heavy loads and the hills.  But i noticed that in automatic the computer shifts "full gears" and does not take advantage of the splitter.  Perhaps i missed a setting but the end result is the gears are too far apart (500 rpm) when taking full gears.  I would never run an Allison automatic for anything other than a garbage truck (yep, driven them also in real life) or a school bus.  For one the gears are few and far between.  As for the tranny brake: they had those back in the 80's already and a lot of guys wrecked their trannies with them.  They heat up the oil which burns up the seals and you loose all your tranny fluid and weld the gears together.  Good for short bursts only, unless the new trannies have a way to cool off the oil instead of just recirculating the same oil.The money:  wow, if they paid this kind of money in real life I'd abandon all thought of going any further in my power engineering trade.  Totally unrealistic.  When i drove for H&R Transport (2000-2002) i was getting paid 26 cents a mile, not this $25+ per mile crap.  Even the lease operators at that time were only getting $1/mile (pull company trailers).  You only average about 50-55 mph on a long cross country trip when you factor in all the time fueling up, daily inspections, detours, tolls and scales, etc.  Times that by 26 cents per mile and you only make $13/hr (20 years ago) but even at todays rate good luck making more than 50 cents or $20-$25 per hour unless you're specializing in logging (yep done that) or heavy hauling, etc.  Bottom line: this game captivates me.  I gave up trucking and this is stepping back in time.  You can see the progress and build your empire but it still takes a significant investment in time and concentration to the job to pull it off.  Good game.DLC's:  well you try to spent a thousand hours moddeling the 3D roads and scenery;  it is pretty cheap to just buy a new state now and then.  Looking forwards to when Canada comes out.  Not sure if I'll try modding yet, maybe some dayMy hardware:  a six year old i5 quad core (3570K ivy bridge @ 4.0 GHz) and 8 gigs Ram with RX480 8 gig graphics card running tripple 28" 4K monitors.  Windows 7 Pro 64 bit.At this point I have not gotten tripple monitors to work on this game but running a single 4K resolution at max settings (100% distance drawing) is very smooth and enjoyable.  Keep in mind that 4K resolution only permits 60 Hz (or 60 fps max).  Yes I have AMD Freesync enabled.  System memory reports 3.7 gigs useage.  I see no need to upgrade for at least another year or two when it is worth the while upgrading..... (mind you if i bought today I'd get the i7 8700k)March 30: added more....So I upgraded my graphics card to an MSI Gaming X 1080TIIt makes for a much smoother game play, especially when turning corners.  The RX480 made me nautious when playing for a while.  Got my tripple 28" screens to work.  Simply configure your Nvidea "surround" display which includes setting up bezel correction, then make sure in ATS the "full screen" box is unchecked and select the appropriate resolution size in settings.Note:  if you are going to use tripple screens then get a gpu that has all 3 Display port outputs.  My recomendation:  get a Samsung 49" ultrawide screen and forget about the nonsense of multiple monitors.  No bezels, no trying to align screens perfecty, field of view angles, etc.Game progress: got 7 garages, 21 trucks.  I buy all daycab trucks 6x4 200 gallon configurations.  The employees that you never see don't mind not having a sleeper.  No sense wasting money on sleeper truck for the virtual drivers.  Currently on level 24 i think.  Tip: the fastes way to make money is to get the Heavy Haul DLC and pull them heavy loads.  They pay about double than pulling groceries around.
NickTwist	Recommended	55.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198067214847/	This game should be used to show people what would happen is they were driving on a highway and they look down to their cell phones.
lostinny690	Recommended	25.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198016884941/	I have never been a fan of Truck Sims but this game was on sale so I picked it up and quickly fell in love with it.  It is oddly relaxing and well paced for this type of game.  The AI is well done from idiot drivers who pull out in front of a 18 wheeler to the background NPCs.  Graphics are on par with this type of price point and game and can look amazing at times.  If you like sim games or the Euro Truck series I would recommend this game I can only hope they add all lower 48 states to this game as the four that are avaible now get a little old with the mission types.
skdraven	Recommended	77.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198310822055/	I never thought i would enjoy this game as much as I do. Bought it, tried it, love it. Very relaxing game, once i realized i really liked this game I bought a steering wheel controller, $54 on amazon. That has really made the experience much more realistic, after a few hours of using the steering wheel and fine tuning the settings all I can say is wow, worth every penny. If you have patience and learn the controls it will be worth it. I like this game so much i downloaded euro trucker 2, have not tried it yet, will after I master A. T. sim.
XxPpanda_2k18xX	Recommended	47.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198147560613/	The ai traffic run red lights and drive into each other God bless murika 👍 
Bottle And A Gun	Recommended	55.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Bottle_And_A_Gun/	If you liked Euro Truck Simulator 2, this is basically a better version only set in the USA. As of writing this review, there is only 3 sizable states, with one to be added relatively soon. The detail of the cities has been severely increased. Its still not life like but its better than a couple of streets like in ETS2.I am enjoying my time with this game even though I find there to be a lack in different types of trucks to pick from. I have over 300 hours in ETS2, compared to ATS's pitiful 23 hours, this is simply because I am not from the US and I guess I don't get the same enjoyment as driving around in my own countries and neibouring countires. But don't let me disuade you, this is a great game with a bunch of content for the price, like I said in my ETS2 review. Launch up a good podcast and enjoy the road ahead. 9/10
MittySmitty	Recommended	39.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/MittySmitty/	I only play this when I get mad in PUBG
Ticklesaurus	Not Recommended	92.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198061893050/	If you like Euro Truck Simulator 2, you'll like American Truck Simulator.  The only drawback is the choices for trucks as ATS does NOT even include companies such as Freightliner, International, Mack, or Volvo; you can only drive Peterbuilt and Kenworth.UPDATE: Giving this game a Thumbs down now... Dev progress has really slowed down to a crawl and lack of truck options in a game that claims to be the premium American Truck Simulator.  Need more choices.
Cranky Fire	Recommended	293.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198211972221/	Best realistic game of trucking EVER! I am a Peterbilt fan so this is my favorite game ever. =)
Patrick V	Recommended	0.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198116269394/	A game that I put in high regard with a experenced developer in the cab with many years of sucessful games of this genre. All I can say is buy this and you won't be dispointed and they constantly impoving this game all the time with new features, trucks, and maps. I know they are rescaling the map atm but I wish they added more trucks at least.
xPepi	Recommended	41.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198108115526/	Ok, the game is not bad, it's pretty good. I enjoy the ATS trucks a lot comparing to ETS but this game just like ETS2 has some very common issues.  Hopefully SCS can address these and hire some people who can write/script better.  I say the game is not bad but that's because I've invested a lot of hours into ETS2. I also have a review up for that game.Please fix the following.1) Resting for 10 hours? really? Who sleeps for 10 hours? Allow us to rest as many hours as we want please and wherever we want. What's the truck cabin for if not to rest?2) Allow purchasing trucks online right from the start3) Need better traffic AI in intersections especially. Many times I need to restart the game so the intersection is empty otherwise I'd be standing there for hours or I simply have to stick myself out into traffic like an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and make them stop so I can enter.4) Better support for graphics. I run a brand new skylake build with a 980ti (2k res, 1 screen, 60fps) and I often get massive drops in FPS during weather or while in a city.I do recommend this game and I also love and recommend ETS2 but this game can be so much better if some minor tweaks were implemented to offer more realism for the player.
[NVT] Gandalf	Recommended	23.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/v_nvt/	Beautiful scenery, intersting gameplay, and sexy trucks await! Also, free DLC and regular updates keep the game fresh and exciting. A must-buy for any driving or sim fan.
sky	Recommended	67.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/succtendies/	For the over 50 hours i played this game i would recommend it to anyone out there looking for these type of games. The graphics look very nice and the truck function nicely. Theres is a wide varitey to choose from and workshop to make it better. id like to note there is a very cool website with multiplayer for ATS or american truck simulator.(im horible with game reviews) 
Mr.Clean	Recommended	15.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/No_Im_MrClean/	good
Professor Chimp	Recommended	125.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/miteychimp/	This game cured me of my addiction to Elite: Dangerous, for which I will remain forever grateful.
Logic Plague	Recommended	245.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/logicplague/	It's a good game
(COL) Alex	Recommended	485.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198409658540/	its a nice game like simulator game its fun
Trucker3415	Recommended	571.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198279685853/	Great game
Awesomo 2000	Recommended	23.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198012833532/	Since I am not a trucker, this is the next best thing for me and anyone to ride through southwest USA in truck and enjoy the sightseeing.It is perfect for you to just sit behind the wheel and enjoy yourself, great game for playing after hard day at work.
GT Phantom	Recommended	17.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198272152785/	Well, Its hard for me to complain about this game. In my opinion I think it will never has as much players as its Brother ETS2 But I see this game having potential. SCS are maily focusing on ETS2 too much. There has been only one DLC for ats in a long time but for ETS2, A whole different story.However I do recommend this game and the price is Reasonable. The detail in this game is Epic. However I wont consider this game to be a full release as tha game is called American Truck Simulator when all of America isin't in the game. They should at least have across to New York on the mapI do tho indeed Recommend this Game. (Not for all people tho)
✡ Mordechai ✡	Recommended	91.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mordechaisternheim/	Game even better than our beloved ETS2. Viewing the charming lanscape of Southwest form behind a wheel of a giant truck and a cup of hot coffe is all i need to relax. Great game, expect a long playtime and a pleasant experience
SeboTheGamer	Recommended	131.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/sebothegamer/	Good game, but not as good as Euro Truck Simulator 2. The map is small and the models are mostly the same in every city. I still recommend it for it's overall realism and fun to play, and I trust that it will become one day as good as ETS2.
ashley aka eddie stobart fan 1	Recommended	95.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/eddiestobartno1/	really good game if you love driving kenworth or peterbuilt trucks then this is the game fo you for video reviews by SQUIRREL go on YOUTUBE
(586) 18WheelsofMemes	Recommended	7.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198176861626/	AI Drivers in LA especially, cannot drive for♥♥♥♥♥♥  Just like the real thing.10/10 for realism.
Microsoft Excel	Recommended	103.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TrashAlert/	I like it.
[IFN] Mr Bond [SM]	Recommended	2.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/maouetic/	I live in Tucson, AZ and they got all the important♥♥♥♥♥♥100% correct, even alot of little land marks people wouldnt notice are there its great the drive to sholow from tucson is 100% accurate even including Globe other than alot of brand name I even notice a motorcycle club bike that looked very similar to one i know goes through the canyon alot 10/10 game for those who love scenery
ㄚ乇乇ㄒ [UK]	Recommended	26.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/FishClub69/	This game is extremely relaxing and has so much content, definitely worth £3.74 on Sale/ $5. Great fun especially if you have a "racing wheel" and pedals. This gives you the ultimate experience, the next best thing to actually driving a truck across America, howver that doesn't seem as fun :3
~o~Ghost122444	Recommended	169.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198264300390/	Everything about is just awesome, graphics, awesome.
Zim	Recommended	7.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ProjectSetsuna/	This game is like yoga. Just driving around California and Arizona in a big rig going 100 mph disregarding human life and giving cops middle fingers.
JavaPai	Recommended	80.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/JavaPai/	I drive like an idiot but I'm too rich in this game for the fines to matter. 10/10 capitalist simulator
Coolz1000	Recommended	1.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198278409516/	A fun game I recommend it! Drive with a starting truck and do missions to get money for better trucks or better upgrades.The only thing I think they should add is multiplayer so you can play with your friends who own the game where it could be a two player mission or something like that.
SEXY PICKLES	Recommended	78.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Mammoth___/	This a game that is very fun i have played it on logiteck thrustmaster and my new fanatec wheel and i can say trhat this game will be so much more fun if you have a wheel because its just gives you that little bit more ounce of emershion and i would recomend it if you have a wheel or even a joy stick but if you just have a keyboard i wouyld still recomend it but not every one will like it with a keyboard so happy trucking
williamandcrystal	Recommended	185.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198346790097/	very good and fun game
DarKOnYk	Recommended	55.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198327913883/	Good Game!
CopHater🏴ⒶⓋ☭	Recommended	57.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mllk9/	This game is very good as a simulator, and also as a fun thing to relax with. :)
StormDestroyer	Recommended	57.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/deleps/	Play your favourite radio station in-game. Put your truck in cruise control. Enjoy the scenery. Wait for the next USA state to drop. Rinse and repeat.
Connor Maze	Recommended	58.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/RealConnorMaze/	Very fun game. I enjoy driving but im not of age yet so i do recommend this game if u like driving or simulation.
ShrewsburyFC	Recommended	49.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198018797589/	10/10 One of the best Simulation games available. Would highly recommend.
Ghosts	Recommended	1.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198295391014/	Very good game 
jeannetterenae	Recommended	40.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198375245532/	this game is so fun you can play as a trucking person and if you get mods you can drive a mustage or a nissan gtr
Csigusz	Recommended	35.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198062016139/	Absolutely relaxing experience!Graphics are good, truck handling feels great (Logitech G27), sounds are good. Love the in-game radio system, the truck costumization is also great.Totally worth every penny.9/10!
terr0rt0telc0	Recommended	34.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/terr0rt0telc0/	Awesome game just like it's predecessors. I love spending time behind wheel with my sim setup. As I am writing this game is on super sale highly recommend.
Gsant747	Recommended	151.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198354698355/	i like this game because there is great graphics.
Whizard77	Not Recommended	322.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/whizard/	Hi This game has good graphics but not well optimized ,The box of the truck is hooked you have to invade the opposite lane to turn with the blows that it entails,And if you play in multiplayer the friends of the admins will hit you frontally and no matter how much you report nothing will happen as if they do raming and trolling.I sincerely prefer the Euro Truck Simulator 2 ,This game is♥♥♥♥♥♥for me at the moment And more with the policy of dlcs that you see coming.Optimize the game as well as speed limits and multiplayer is my advice.When I get better, I'll change my score.
Avrey222	Recommended	639.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198371685558/	very good game 
Setari	Recommended	14.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/setari/	So unfortunately the team behind these games doesn't understand the meaning of cities and not random buildings scattered in certain places for actual "cities", so getting to locales really uh... sucks. There's not that much to look forward to. So you just speed over 100MPH to get to your destination that much faster for the whole way. I really like these games but I wish there was some more "depth" and visuals to them and there's really not much unfortunately.However I still do heartily recommend this game since every now and again I feel like hauling some stuff in a truck and this does the job fine.
Markuz Juniuz	Recommended	68.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/MarkuzJuniuz/	This driving game has got to be the the one you never knew you wanted. It really is aptly named, you'd really feel like a truck driver. It's so weird, I never knew driving trucks would be this fun!I play Assetto Corsa, RaceRoom Racing Experience, Project Cars, Codies F1 & DiRT, etc. Not one of them really felt close to what we normal people usually drive. Of course those games have race cars but for some reason none of them feels real when you drive at "normal everyday" speeds. In this game going 55 MPH or 60 or 70 really looks and feels like it. All other racing games and sims looks awfully slow even on 100 MPH.This is also the first driving game I had where the automatic transmissions really feels and behaves like the real one. Maybe it's apples vs oranges but on the usual racing game and sim automatic transmissions just shift for you and most of them goes to reverse when you press the brakes while stopped. I haven't driven, read or heard of a car like that. Here on 'real automatic' mode you still have to put the gearshift to forward or reverse. And it doesn't wait for you to reach the redline before shifting up. It really felt like a real vehicle, but a super heavy one! I haven't tried the sequential and manual modes since I don't really wanna manage like 15+ forward gears.ATS also doesn't look as pretty as, let's say, The Crew, but what it lacks in technical beauty it makes up with its immersive environments. Also it's really got road signs and rules and you have to obey them. Heck, one could use this game to learn  about US driving rules.I wish the developers of this game would make a taxi simulator just like this.Update: I also with the developers would optimize the graphics engine more. I have a GTX 1080 and an overclocked i5 2500K yet the FPS still drops from 60 on the cities. I know my rig isn't the latest and the greatest but it could easily run other games that look a lot more pretty at ultra settings yet never drop below 60 at 1080p. I'm fine dropping some settings down a bit but setting 3 or more settings down to medium is a bit too much. I'm very sensitive to FPS drops on driving games.
MackSuperlinerFan	Recommended	1,000.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/MackSuperlinerFan/	I love this game. It has gotten better since its inception and will continue to get better as SCS continues to develop it. I have gotten my money's worth ($20) out of this game and will continue to do so.
Piratebop	Recommended	21.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/piratebop/	Ah, Murica Truck Sim. A wonderful game base off the original Euro Truck Simulators 1 & 2. I cant say anything bad about it other that it could have more states, which are comming in the future, so...10/10
ToTheHopeless	Recommended	15.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ToTheHopeless/	If you ever told me I'd pay money to sit in traffic and yell at pedestrians, I would have thought you were crazy. But here I am, enjoying the heck out of it!Update: Had to turn speed limits off. There are too many places (even in the middle of some stretches of desert highway) where the speed limit will drop for no reason. If it happens next to a cop it's an automatic fine. Sometimes it will drop from 70mph to 35mph as you're passing a small building like a gas station, then it will immediately jump back up to 70mph once you've passed it. You barely have any time to react to the change, and again, if a cop is next to you, $800 fine! Hope that gets balanced out with updates or mods, because uh, now I'm in a driving simulator where speed limits don't matter.
Porozil	Recommended	54.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198299355960/	when the world is on the brink of detruction and politcal corruption, a game about driving trucks around is what ya need to relieve all that stress. And then maybe, just maybe you'll be able to say,"There are still great things in this world, and one of them is American Truck Simulator""and that European one is good too"  
🎃Alure🎃	Recommended	282.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Elementalice/	Alright, I don't have thousands of hours in American Truck Simulator but I would call myself a fan, everyone who doesn't own this game or Euro Truck Simulator 2 will have a hard time being a fan. Generally the trucks handle good for what they are, as a fan of many racing games it was an awkward step in driving a truck but I have a general interest in them so it wasn't hard to learn how to corner or brake distance. But you will need an interest in big trucks overall to want this game for any reason other than a relaxing driving game.I'll start with the good. American Truck Simulator or ATS, is a job based simulator (like all the other simulators) that focuses on the driving aspect of driving a tractor trailer or normally, truck driving. It's a relaxing game, while I wouldn't say you could sit back and relax like you're watching a movie, it's easier than racing games. You still need a good sense of driving and a few years of driving would mentally help. Though if you're young or don't know how to drive, it's not going to be easy. The game does simulate driving a big truck very well, the sound is close to what you would naturally hear though I would personally prefer had the rumble been louder and the world enviroment sounds, they do have sound but you can't hear it unless you're in the cinematic camera which zooms way out or some type of wind which sounds cool while driving on a windy day. Though there isn't any weather effects other than thunderstorms / light rain. I wouldn't mind a bit of snow or fog.You can't get out of the vehicle, there's no documents to sign or papers to write on like an actual big truck job, which I find alright. I personally wouldn't mind a bit more depth to the job itself but I don't see the use in that. One thing I kind of wish for is an actual job mode or some sort that forces you to work for the same company and work at certain times of the day. This game gives you the ability to drive for the same company once you have learned all the locations, overall it's just choose the highest priced load near-by you or best price per distance and you're set. I kind of want to give myself a bit of a idea for what I would do or want to do.There is the ability to actually build your own distrabution company, but for the most part it comes down to buying a second truck, hiring a driver from the company management on the pause screen, and keep driving. It's not really in-depth about it and you can't see the drivers of the trucks you gave them, most trucks I buy personally are customized, when I want to use another truck I usually let an employee drive it and I don't ever see them on the road. It kind of sucks that the world is static while you're the only one really growing. The game doesn't have any music you can listen to over the road, no preset stations, you'll have to manually put music into the folders or have an internet connection to play the radio stations that are coded into the radio, though they have a high bit rate and lag more often than not. I would just use one of the music players online. Alright, for the general bad. I like these games though, I'm not trying to bash the devs or contradict myself, but these are things that should be realised. I'll say this outright, the "bright" minds at SCS need a mental check-up, to put it in the nicest way possible. I've been following ATS since its announcment or atleast an announcment for close to a year before its realease and on the day of release, the game gets an update, what's the update? It's DLC, it's corn cutting DLC. The game only shipped with one truck and one state, I mean what the donkey's tail SCS? The news the day after release was "Nevada DLC is FREE!" well no sewage pipe. The game only had one truck and California the moment it was on the store. If the game only had one state and you had to pay for everything else, you bet your boy howdey SCS would of heard something. SCS has some of the worst DLC practice I have ever seen. Your simulator games are good for driving, but all the DLC of Euro Truck Simulator 2 is dumb, I'm really trying to be nice about my words. I have only seen one developer that does this and that's the devs of Payday 2, you're paying for things that either should of been in the game or free in general. Simulator games for some reason are starting to do frog licking things. They're selling small peices of content for dollars on the pennies and the bigger content for a lot more than they should be. I'm not willing to pay five bucks for the future states that are being added (the only states in ATS are California, Nevada, and Arizona), how much will they charge for all 50 states? If they can even make Alaska and Hawaii work. But for real, three bucks to change your steering wheel or colour your rims? You can get the small peices of DLC for free if you have a certain ammount of time in the game AND have an account for their website, but the DLC should be free for everyone, not a timed offer for people who have a "World of Trucks" account.Also, if you're expecting the cities and towns to be detailed with each city having highways that connect across every mile, drop that expectation. I live in Las Vegas, there's a Las Vegas in the game. I was really excited to drive in my own city in my dream truck, well duck me, right? Las Vegas in the game barely resembles Las Vegas in real life. There's only one area in the city that looks like the real city at all. A lot of buildings were recycled, while they don't have the name of the casinos (for copyright) at least make the cities feel like actual cities. Generally there's only one highway in each city. The Arizona state has two in the main cities but they just cross paths for the long trail. The cities feel like larger towns than they do busy day and night traval destinations. I wanted to see San Francisco, which is better detailed than Vegas, San Diego, which looks like a joke, and Primm, which isn't even a town. It has at the most, eight buildings. I'm not gonna go into much more detail, overall the game just focuses on driving and that's it. You can't customize your truck as much as you could in Euro Truck Simulator 2, but there will probably be a DLC in the future that will make you pay for fuzzy dice in your cab. I could probably get real fuzzy dice to hang on my mirror in real life for the same price as the DLC and have a bit more bang for my buck. Multiplayer is really the only thing that makes me want to play ATS more than the hours I already put into the game, even then online multiplayer is modded, there's no official multiplayer, which might actually be a good thing. I don't know there.  There's no true end-game content either so don't expect anything more than a jack load of money that you won't really spend after getting the trucks you want. It's just driving, more driving and driving. No good easter eggs like the ability to drive a car or a special truck or some special job. It's just the same and the only thing that will advance, is your mental stability to do the same thing any longer. I do have a lot of bad things about ATS, but overall I'm a simple minded person and I like to relax sometimes with an interest in truck driving. Unless you're me, don't buy this game. I like this game, it's getting a good rating because its what I want to give it. But just take a long hard look at the game and see if driving at a fairly slow speed is what you want to do.
Ivosaur	Recommended	61.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Ivosaur/	For a long while this was very underwhelming, the scale was all wrong, the traffic system was extremely slow, it was easy to just lose interest in the underwhelming content. Since the scale changes the game has been spiraling upwards for the better but since the addition of New Mexico I've been having a whale of a time. I love this Heavy Cargo DLC and Cabin Mods DLC. They really add to the game and my biggest problems have been solved. Traffic flows far more smoothly and I'm no longer sitting at Traffic Lights for minutes for no reason. The scale adds way more realism and I feel like I'm actually working towards my trucking empire like I do in Euro Truck Sim. I can't recommend this enough, it's a perfect contrast to the european setting. If you liked Euro Truck you'll love this, and if you were put off when you first played this give it another go, the improvements are very clear!
SuperTrucker91	Recommended	406.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SuperTrucker91/	This is about as close as you can get to the real thing. While development may be slow, it's authentic and quality-oriented. I never expected this kind of realism and immersion from a game. Lifetime member!
Marovic	Recommended	69.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/marovic92/	its great game,but the stering wheel is to sesitive,its not like in ets 2,pls fiz stering wheel
Brandon David	Recommended	4,397.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198092077707/	It's a wonderful time killing game with amazing graphics and also amazing customization with the trucks! Hopefully there will be more brought in the game. If you love simulators, this is definitely one you don't want to miss out on, highly recommend this game!
Nissan Skyline GT-R R32 RB26DETT	Recommended	114.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/MrkvaR32/	At firt I thought "How can someone find out this to be interesting" but after some deliveries you truly get in to it.I also recommend you to get decent steering wheel for max. enjoyment.And don't drive like in NFS, this will not work like it.
[IDN] K 3 12 BOY	Recommended	31.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kereboyongan/	game bagus dan mantab
aguspauk	Recommended	70.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/aguspauk/	best simulator game ever
Thidrandi	Recommended	1,500.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198054036422/	I can't explain it. This is a great driving game, a good sim and a good rpg(ish).  I remember laughing at this game before I tried it, thinking how could you make a game out of driving a truck? Well, this is exactly how you make a game about driving trucks. The trucks feel realistic and heavy, it's open world, you can buy a whole fleet of trucks and hire drivers, buy multiple garages, customize your rig and more, with plenty of mods to make the game just how you like it. If you want somehting that is low stress, relaxing, but still challenging, and most importantly enjoy driving games, then you will love this game.       I highly recommend the realistic economy mod if you feel the payouts are a bit ridiculous. At first its nice, but after a while making $70k to drive 1100 miles feels silly. Also there are mods that reduce traffic fines as well as toning down the insane police presence. I also recommend you get the engine packs mod, as the in game sounds are a bit weak.
Ish_Wor	Recommended	345.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198153325366/	Just bought the game for MP but found this game is dying in lack of contents. Heard about rescale, it will surely do good for SCS as they are listening to their fans. We need rescale fast and new states.
Wesley	Recommended	160.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/WesleyYoko/	I've tried the demo like last year and really liked it but no quite for the lack of states. Decided to buy it after I saw that New Mexico and Arizona were added. Game is really good! I hope you guys add Texas and other southern states soon! :) :fuelcan:
Tedesco	Not Recommended	11.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/darahmuda878/	4/10overall this game is ok, but needs to be improved(important)improve the gameplay or add some new realistic features...and now it's 2 years after release and there only 3 states (and 1 state are dlc (WTF), i guess next state is an expensive dlc(absolutely)), no significant updates,, I think this is a very bad development for games that have been released 2 years ago ...different with ets2???.......only the map is in america, no more...
Jagertiger72	Recommended	959.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jagertiger72/	Great game to play and easy to learn. Lots mods in the steamshop to test out and use.
Trains & Rails (Rail_Maniac)	Recommended	71.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/doddsy83/	Product received for free
SeboTheGamer	Recommended	131.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/sebothegamer/	Good game, but not as good as Euro Truck Simulator 2. The map is small and the models are mostly the same in every city. I still recommend it for it's overall realism and fun to play, and I trust that it will become one day as good as ETS2.
ashley aka eddie stobart fan 1	Recommended	95.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/eddiestobartno1/	really good game if you love driving kenworth or peterbuilt trucks then this is the game fo you for video reviews by SQUIRREL go on YOUTUBE
Tikkycaan	Recommended	2.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/tikkycaan/	perfect
josh621elogan	Recommended	226.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198219563232/	win can we get the state of oregon and washington please soon. but from a former truck driver i find this to be a lot of fun keep it coming
simregan	Recommended	114.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197983878024/	Fantastic Truck simulator which provides a welcome change from the Great Euro Truck simulator in nearly every way...Different Trucks, Cargo,Landscape, weather to name but a few. I love Euro Truck but this is just different in any aspect and seeing a new country/landscape really adds to relaxation. Hopefully More states on the way in the vast expances of the USA. Highly Recommended
Nova Odyssey	Recommended	13.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198083544828/	This game is suprising fun, the day I got it I was bored out of my mind and I had a few extra dollars to spend. I saw this in the store and decided to give it a chance, and instantly I fell in love with this game. It controls beautifully and the atmosphere is great. I would absolutely recommend this game, in just an hour you will be hooked and taking out a loan to buy your very own truck.
tudo-a-bombar	Recommended	168.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198021036231/	Best Simulator so far. Love it. SCS Software you know how to make games.
THE BANDIT	Recommended	1,099.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Banditlover/	awesome simulator
joeparkinson1	Recommended	2.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/joeparkinson1/	Really good game travelling around America and using American Trucks that're available. Nice little minor additions to Euro Truck Simulator 2 and happy to support the developers to continue developing and providing more content.
jaxswelding8	Recommended	1,174.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jaxswelding8/	fun to play and addictive if ya like Big Rig sounds and realism.
Joseph	Recommended	15.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Joseph_Pingas/	American truck simulator is a brilliant game with absolutely stunning scenery. I would recommend this to any truck enthusiast even if they only like european truck i can assure you this is a still a lovely game to play.
Furry Blue Fox	Recommended	200.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198202813986/	I recommend this game because you can do almost anything you can costomize your semi. deliver an drive anywhere! An the graphics are AWSOME!!!! ARF ARF ARF ARF ARF ARF ARF ARF ARF ARF ARF ARF ARF ARF ARF ARF ARF ARF ARF ARF ARF ARF ARF ARF ARF ARF ARF ARF ARF ARF ARF ARF ARF ARF ARF ARF ARF ARF ARF ARF ARF ARF ARF ARF ARF ARF ARF ARF ARF ARF ARF ARF ARF ARF ARF ARF
Microsoft Excel	Recommended	103.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TrashAlert/	I like it.
[RSL]Bubby	Recommended	41.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198156520418/	good game
SeboTheGamer	Recommended	131.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/sebothegamer/	Good game, but not as good as Euro Truck Simulator 2. The map is small and the models are mostly the same in every city. I still recommend it for it's overall realism and fun to play, and I trust that it will become one day as good as ETS2.
ashley aka eddie stobart fan 1	Recommended	95.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/eddiestobartno1/	really good game if you love driving kenworth or peterbuilt trucks then this is the game fo you for video reviews by SQUIRREL go on YOUTUBE
THE BANDIT	Recommended	1,099.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Banditlover/	awesome simulator
_Scorpi0n_Zer0_	Recommended	14.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SnakePlaN/	The game is very relaxing to play.
Gremrawk	Recommended	60.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/gremrawk/	This game is great, takes what is great about ETS2 and brings it to America.  If you liked ETS2 you will like ATS.
THE-1989-TERMINATOR	Recommended	1,258.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198361655040/	really great game worth every penny highly recommended its not boring or anything
G17VC	Recommended	45.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/g17vc/	Chilling on MP with friends has been funny. The cities are well mapped. It is a good game.
(twitch.tv/87527z)	Recommended	108.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/youdontknowmebro/	I am aroused by large vehicles
phaines05	Recommended	2,201.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/phaines05/	I love the game, it's the best simulation game I've ever seen, it's highly detailed trucks and trailers and realistic destinations making American Truck Simulatior the best simulation game ever created. I still haven't recieved the steampunk trucks yet though, while I've seen video's on youtube where other's have gotten there's but I haven't. Do we get them threw an update or do we have to go somewhere and down load it?
LoneCoyote	Recommended	480.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198341677802/	American Truck Simulator is one of the best video games i have ever played. It gives you a challenge to be able to manage your money for your business all while the fun of driving around hunting for the perfect load. It is also nice to have all the mods to change the game up if you ever get bored with it or looking for something different.
Jonathan J. O'Neill	Recommended	165.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/JonathanJOneill/	Product received for free
TheHiMaster	Recommended	15.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TheHiMaster/	This game is very fun to play. The distance and time cycle in this game is shorter than in real life, so you don't have to sit by your computer for hours to finish a delivery. There is also a workshop included, so you can get cool designs for your trucks! I recommend this game, 9/10 (Because sometimes the cars are slow :p)
Klaudre	Recommended	996.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198068690615/	I drive alot
Nutleaf	Recommended	47.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Nutleaf/	i love this game very real sometimes gets me mad when i fail lol  and i hope to see it grow and grow  i do recommend this game you should play it if you like games like this just as long theay dont post to many dlcs
Jagertiger72	Recommended	959.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jagertiger72/	Great game to play and easy to learn. Lots mods in the steamshop to test out and use.
Jason52888	Recommended	21.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198304365980/	Just buy it. It is truly an awesome game.
MittySmitty	Recommended	39.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/MittySmitty/	I only play this when I get mad in PUBG
tonyz555	Recommended	51.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/tonysamson/	This game is deceptively addictive. Im throughly enjoying driving my big rig on I-15 S while listening to some Nirvana. Just need an escort by the Mayans and it would be perfect.
RayRiver21	Recommended	544.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/RayRiver21/	1/02/17 : best graphics, internet radio, add music to the games and relaxing to. Sounds good to me8/12/17: I'm getting tierd of same trucks and same desert. But open beta its awesome and this game is getting better slowly and I can wait for the new map to come
jgchickennugget	Recommended	282.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198145571910/	Highly recommend this game!  Very detailed with authentic trucks and scenery!  If you enjoy driving games you'll love it!
Bottle And A Gun	Recommended	55.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Bottle_And_A_Gun/	If you liked Euro Truck Simulator 2, this is basically a better version only set in the USA. As of writing this review, there is only 3 sizable states, with one to be added relatively soon. The detail of the cities has been severely increased. Its still not life like but its better than a couple of streets like in ETS2.I am enjoying my time with this game even though I find there to be a lack in different types of trucks to pick from. I have over 300 hours in ETS2, compared to ATS's pitiful 23 hours, this is simply because I am not from the US and I guess I don't get the same enjoyment as driving around in my own countries and neibouring countires. But don't let me disuade you, this is a great game with a bunch of content for the price, like I said in my ETS2 review. Launch up a good podcast and enjoy the road ahead. 9/10
fuossbrayden1234	Recommended	14.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/BraydenWilliamAddieLandon/	Good game but on my $3,000 i get only 35 fps why why????
Oliverت	Recommended	14.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198406992722/	THIS GAME NEEDS A UPDATE!  like: gravel roads and not just flat roads! 
Arcangel Rodriguez	Recommended	207.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198122508010/	Very great game nice graphics great mechanics smooth running in worth the price .... I recommend this game ... the map isnt full in i think they should release the entire map instead of just a few states , but landscape is well designed
EDviz28	Recommended	23.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198193214235/	I recomend it :)
Isaac	Recommended	53.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/IsaacTheKhajiit/	This is a pretty good game but Euro Truck Sim 2 is superior in every way.  If you haven't played it yet, get that one first.  There are so many more locations, more trucks, and greater variety in general. (Roundabouts, driving onto ferries, driving on the left side of the road in some countries.  In American Truck Sim all you do is regular highway driving.)  Graphically it's pretty nice, not groundbreaking but nice.  It's the only thing this game improved upon over ETS2.
mbnorcal	Recommended	77.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198436825753/	Because of Euro Truck Simulator 2, I also downloaded this game. It has the same game play but in an American style of environment. Graphics are good. The trucks seem to drive more stable possible due to their longer wheelbase. However, there are some flaws. First off, there are only Peterbilt and Kenworth Trucks. I mean, since Volvo is licensed in Euro Truck 2, why not license them in ATS? AND since Volvo owns Mack Trucks, why not include them too? Freightliner, an American truck icon is also not there. When you first download the game, you only get California, Nevada, and Arizona. The New Mexico DLC is definitely needed since you get bored on the routes. After a couple weeks of playing, you'll get bored on that too. The key to ATS is to make enough money to expand your Freight Company and generate revenue to expand. Once you get about 30 trucks and drivers, you will start to see the money flowing in. Also Pro Mods are not abundant like ETS2. I'm hoping in the near future, we will get to see more southern States and Trucks to make this a more enjoyable game, but right not I'm playing more of ETS2.
R Y U K	Recommended	5.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198169135313/	It's like Skyrim with trucks and stuff.
Omid Hesam	Recommended	85.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198253097785/	This is a Great Game for every body who love the big american trucks and like the american landscape
Nico	Recommended	97.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/nico_zz/	Can now legally drive roads in America.
Anatidae	Recommended	118.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198284544666/	This is a very good game. The simulation of driving on American roads (albeit in only CA, NV, AZ, and NM so far; Oregon will be added soon), is very realistic. The graphics look good even on my lower end PC (lower settings; 75% scaling etc.). New Mexico is so far, by far the most realistic state in the game. Overall, for the price, it is a decent game, and I would recommend it 100%, especially during a sale.
BlackDiamonds	Recommended	12.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/BlackDiamonds89/	Just an amazing game that is worth every penny! Hopefully they'll keep coming out with state DLC's until the entire mao of the USA is complete. I want to get to NYC at some point in time.
Shadow Fox	Recommended	163.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/atomix420/	This game is amazing, if you ever want to be a trucker but can't quite make it through trucking school or pass your CDL training this game is for you, its perfect.
Donald J Trump	Recommended	498.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198057306138/	This game is all about making america great again.
「Jay」	Recommended	202.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/tntaciiin/	From California to Arizona to Nevada American Truck  Simulator covers popular cities in the Desert States. Trucks from Kenworth to Peterbilt. From Kenworth the classic W900 to the City Truck T680. From Peterbilt the roaring sound of the Engine Brake the 389 to the Long Hauler 579. I rate American Truck Simulator (ATS) 5 out of 5!
YouWhatJr	Recommended	17.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TheOrginalFizzyElf/	This is a fun an adicting game, i also like the fanct that all main dlc is free
Karnage=AD=	Recommended	895.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198117073988/	Love this game 
Matt609pbone	Recommended	59.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Matt609pbone/	There is a fair bit of content, but be warned the entire U.S. is not yet in the game. Right now they have California, Nevada, and Arizona. So... 3/48, but having been with SCS for a while, they'll eventually get around to getting the rest in there. They are a fairly small dev team and they are recreating an entire nation. Give this game time, and it will only improve, much like how Euro Truck Simulator 2 has.
CaptainNebulous	Recommended	25.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/NebulousFury/	I am going to go ahead and give this my recommendation, however this is with a bit of an asterisk Platform of the game has every bit of potential as ETS2, however it almost feels as if the game has started more "gimped" than ETS2 did, in regards to interesting locations to discover and landscape variety. Another issue is that there is very few trucks to choose from. And finally, multiplayer needs a lot more love from the community as it is a relative ghost town, this has made me go back to ETS2 for the moment. Relatively small gripes, since the rest of the gameplay is every bit as enjoyable as ETS2. And once more of the states and a significant amount of trucks are added (hopefully for free, since the amount we have now is unsatisfactory, thus game is not ready for much justified DLC) things should get a lot better. There is one challenge with getting people in America to play.... they need to aggressively advertise this game to people who are in the field of trucking. It's not going to be like ETS2 where even just general gamers were interesting. American crowd is much more of a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥in regards to getting them to play simulations. You need to take advantage of the niche crowd more. So hopefully ATS adapts to the new territory with their marketing strategies.***THIS GAME HAS MANY MORE POSITIVES THAN NEGATIVES, IT IS JUST A BIT UNDERWELMING RIGHT NOW***Finally I will say that I would still be playing ATS if the multiplayer crowd was larger, since I like having interaction while I truck. If this is not the kind of thing that will turn you off, then you can subtract that from the negatives.You definitely want to add this, if you are a fan of the series, as soon as financially possible.... since there is a strong chance of great things to come, if ETS2 is any indication. I would not want to be caught out when the game is improved without being able to play it when that day comes. I'll probably come back to this review in 6 to 12 months and update it. If a lot of content is added I will talk about that. If no or little content is added I will change to thumbs down. But these devs have never really let me down yet, so.... there's that. :)  Have a great new year.
robdragon2010	Recommended	33.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198104229949/	GREAT!!Love it! Better than the older 18 wheels series! Way Better!!!!
Garrish	Recommended	450.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198093430155/	Very relaxing and can be challenging at times as well.  It's quite enjoyable to run a rig in this game.  I have a modded truck, but it feels like my truck is my truck.  I feel at times that the business aspect of the game is kinda pointless, as I just enjoy hauling freight.  It would be nice to see other trucks from my fleet on the road, but I do understand the computing power that would go into keeping track of all of the trucks and their models as well.  Leveling up is kind of fun, but once again, for me, not the necessary component of the game.  I like to get behind the wheel and drive, and this game does it pretty well.  There are a good bit of quirks that could be ironed out like AI merging into traffic, especially when it comes to on ramps.  It would be nice to know that I can roll on down the on ramp and simply merge into traffic.  Don't expect AI to behave as real drivers and occasionally change lanes to let you on the highway, but they do seem to follow the fender in rule, and once you are on the road, they will drop back and let you on.  AI makng turns can be an issue as well, sometimes they see room to make a turn and the AI doesn't seem to consider the size of their vehicle, so they will swing wide and ram you out of nowhere.  Train crossings can be hell, as there are no warning lights prior to the gates dropping and you simply run into a barrier when the signal gets activated or smashed on the track if you are halfway across.I do enjoy ATS greatly, as most of my time is spent away from trouble areas and I enjoy the scenery and the driving itself.  I am looking forward to more maps being added to allow for more diversity.  The game is very mod friendly and I like that in a game.  The stock trucks aren't that bad, but I do enjoy my modded Pete more.  For the cost, it's great.  It's relaxing and challenging both, mostly relaxing though.
Strabo1980	Recommended	35.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/strabousany/	10/10 would get a ticket again
trevorjbrown90	Recommended	80.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/tjkbrown/	I absolutely love this game, it's one of the most realistic simulators I've ever played. ATS rivals FS17, yet they are their own games which almost go hand in hand, so I'll literally farm a little bit and then transport some goods. I'm really happy to see the devs at SCS remaining active, they've clearly put a ton of sweat and tears into this. Graphics 10/10Gameplay 10/10Multiplayer 7/10(because it requires a mod) Performance 10/10 (Flawless) Thankyou SCS.
HossAlmighty	Recommended	352.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197991851606/	Everyone needs to get TruckersMP mod. It is standalone and uses ATS. It allows you all to play online together. No traffic except other drivers! It is free! This game is a great game! I know SCS is a little slow at releasing states but I have to give them credit where credit is do and this game is Great! I can't wait for the whole US to be completed! Love the thought of visiting my home town! If you are interested in the trucking industry but cannot take the lifestyle, there is not a better option to get you very close to a true virtual experience. The trucks look real. The Highways are long and grueling at times. But it takes you away for a bit! I reccomend this game to everyone that has a bit of passion for the trucking industry!
Bob	Recommended	111.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Detrioum/	Short review:Game as very good graphics, some jagged lines appear now and again, no texture flickering and is compatable with Steam Workshop mods (From what i've installed). Large updates around every 2 months, in between there are smaller updates to fix minor bugs  or glitches. Map size is good, keeps you going for a long time per time you play the game. 9/10.
Jumpskeet	Recommended	10.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198835822865/	 Yeah I bet you know what it's like to get all riled up Johnny Mac.
great1white	Recommended	37.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/great1white/	An american truck simualtor like ETS2!Good job guys!
OldManSlippers	Recommended	65.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198093707582/	There's a level of challenge here that I wasn't expecting and it's coupled with a level of depth that goes beyond the blissful act of driving big rigs around open roads.It's both equal parts tricky and relaxing with plenty in between to occupy the people who want everything to look just right and the folks like me that just want to drive through the night listening to the radio and coasting onto the wrong side of the road.It's too demanding on system rsources and works great with a 360 controller although I can see myself getting a wheel just for this game over the holidays.Well priced and fun, highly recommended.
The Zoidberg Medic	Recommended	73.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ZoidbergMedic/	Dankest game ever.
Celestial Fire Flower	Recommended	317.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/sabrinahoyt/	This is an awesome game!  You meet some awesome people on it! 
[SQRL] YoshiFanSpence73GB	Recommended	599.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/234334/	Very good game feels like your in America and it's perfect for those In the United States If they want a drive of Home then this is the game for you totally recommend this game
Aşchiuță	Recommended	143.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/GipsyKing96/	Foarte frumos jocul ! Recomand sa aveti inca vreo 3-4 prieteni cu care sa va jucati multiplayer :) Just buy it
SuperFuckTard	Recommended	29.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198049987641/	.
Alfredo	Recommended	847.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Alfred84/	This is a very fun game if you want or were a truck driver or even if you just like driving. I love driving, its so real. SCS did a fanstic job and can't wait for my state.
CALIFORNIA_GAMER	Recommended	821.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/california_gamer/	this is my all time fv pc game. i made myself a new pc part by part just for this game. always been scs's fan since day one. i cannot wait for a new game to be announced by scs. thank you :)
Jumpskeet	Recommended	10.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198835822865/	 Yeah I bet you know what it's like to get all riled up Johnny Mac.
1RRF - Brown	Recommended	48.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/projectcaliban/	I really enjoy this game. I've had ETS2 for a couple of years now and it wasn't until one of my close friends bought me this as a birthday gift that I decided to devote some serious time to looking at it. At this point, both Nevada and Arizona had been released, and safe to say I thoroughly enjoyed it. Obviously there are far fewer trucks, but as someone who isn't interested in truck modding that much, I didn't mind. The environments (although many complain about all the deserts) are really interesting and can look superb with a few mods loaded. The rate and quality of DLC production is really quite wonderful as well, and I'm really thoroughly looking forward to seeing Oregon and other states being released later on down the line.I'd heartily recommend this game to anyone looking to relax, or anyone who just likes either driving and/or the American scenery. It's beautiful.
aydjaysucks	Recommended	601.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/aydjaysucks/	Very cool, especially online. Only thing are the graphics. Having this game running on a relatively old graphic engine, i personally think it could be better that a 5 years old graphic engine.
Zephyr	Recommended	127.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Zephyr_The_Hyena/	Played this game loved itWaited 2 years and just got one more locationgot tired of waiting and is now driving a real semi
Mijo_155	Recommended	66.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198405051763/	Great sim! The feel of each truck is unique in its own right and the balance of load to rest to distance plays a huge part in success as a driver. The community of players is amazing in its own right. The scenery is quite expressive both in its visiual display as well as its ability to reach out to the player.  Most players couple their favorite music to miles and lose themselves in the journey of not just delivering freight but with the beauty of driving itself. The ablity to tweak various options on your rig from asthetics to actual drivetrain and handling personalizes the vehicles to each drver even more! A must get for any sim enthusiast!
MrMallenby	Recommended	77.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/MrMallenby/	Love this game, just as good as ETS2, looking forward to see where it goes
will136	Recommended	306.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/will136/	picked up ATS and the Heavy Haul DLC a couple of days ago ... its a blast ... can hardly wait for more states to be added ... love how ATS feels more open than ETS 2 ... i recommend them both if your into most sim games ...
billiam43605	Recommended	462.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198110257287/	Product received for free
D 4 N K	Recommended	3.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/dankmedaddy/	What is there to say? It's a game where you drive trucks. It's as good as it gets.
jaxswelding8	Recommended	1,174.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jaxswelding8/	fun to play and addictive if ya like Big Rig sounds and realism.
Tikkycaan	Recommended	2.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/tikkycaan/	perfect
Big Daddy T	Recommended	28.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198126552832/	10/10 would recommend.  The following is how this game makes me feel... East bound and down, loaded up and truckin',We're gonna do what they say can't be done.We've got a long way to go and a short time to get there.I'm east bound, just watch ol' "Bandit" run.Keep your foot hard on the pedal. Son, never mind them brakes.Let it all hang out 'cause we got a run to make.The boys are thirsty in Atlanta and there's beer in Texarcana.And we'll bring it back no matter what it takes.East bound and down, loaded up and truckin',We're gonna do what they say can't be done.We've got a long way to go and a short time to get there.I'm east bound, just watch ol' "Bandit" run.East bound and down, loaded up and truckin',We're gonna do what they say can't be done.We've got a long way to go and a short time to get there.I'm east bound, just watch ol' "Bandit" run.Ol' Smokey's got them ears on and he's hot on your trail.He aint gonna rest 'til you're in jail.So you got to dodge 'im and you got to duck 'im,You got to keep that diesel truckin'.Just put that hammer down and give it hell.East bound and down, loaded up and truckin',We're gonna do what they say can't be done.We've got a long way to go and a short time to get there.I'm east bound, just watch ol' "Bandit" run.  
ѕℓιѕнєяz	Recommended	29.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198199834601/	Great driving sim, if you're in love with driving sims on a general level you'll love this game.Highly recommended, worth the price.Devs well deserve the revenue, and are constantly updating the game even today.Great game, great devs.
[F.L.L.] Frank25687	Recommended	253.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/rsrphilly/	This game is absolutely amazing! I'd recommend it to my friends.
[RSL]Bubby	Recommended	41.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198156520418/	good game
dalekrause007	Recommended	1,547.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/DaleTheTrucker/	I will rate this 8 out of 10 amazing game i wish ATS would release maybe 2 states at a time or something like that. 4 states gets kinda boring after a little bit. Overall good game i would highly recommend it.
axcha91	Recommended	269.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198233795408/	Very good game , even if it needs a powerful computer for enjoy  the maximum settings , you will spend good time and they work very hard for their objective : make the full USA map ;)
ThatGamerJones45	Recommended	368.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TGJ45/	nice game
Gorden.Kui	Recommended	12.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/15516125895/	It's  very  real  and  you    can  buy   it.  Why  not  try   it ?  It's  very  cheep.  So  buy  it   now!!!
Milkallama	Recommended	36.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Milkallama/	Very immersive. Great scenery. If you use the multiplayer mod, players are very friendly to others.
TheGamingChief	Recommended	28.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TheGamingChief/	I'm reposting this from my old account as I no longer use it.Old Review: http://steamcommunity.com/id/TheGamingChiefOldAccount/recommended/270880/Played the game for 7 Hours so far, It's fu*king amazing SCS did a good job. There is defiantly some issues and it looks like the game was rushed but over all it's a good game.Pros: Overall good looking world Has some new feature that are not in ETS2 (Weight Stations, E-Cards At Tolls, ETC) Has actual Police that patrol and ticket you Trucks feel and handle like they should. Feature to choice difficulty of parking for extra XP.Cons: AI is still completely sh*t, they will cut you off, run into you, stop randomly just to♥♥♥♥♥♥you off. Speed limit signs are incorrect, In quite a few areas the signs will say 65 and the real limit is 55. Speed limit is unrealistic in many areas, I have found the speed limit to be 70 in some areas that you should be going over 30. Same with some areas are 30 but it should be 55.  Stop signs in random places for no reason:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=616055181http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=616097596 Police AI had potential but is now just a moving speed camera. You tend to get ticketed by police for going 3 MPH over the limit, Kinda Aids.  I feel like I'm forgetting a few things...Final Opinion This game has plenty of potential if they spend the time working on it.I would give it a solid 8.7 out of 10The game needs some work but is definitely worth the $20, I would recommend that you get it on♥♥♥♥♥right now for $15.Edit:So after reading the old comments I did realize I was wrong about speed limit signs being incorrect. As tnyamaneko pointed out how some states have a max truck limit at 55.I would also like to point out that it's currently $10 on♥♥♥♥♥(Thanks Steam for censorship lol), I'll leave a link below if anyone wants to check it out.You know the site URL (Blame Steam Filters) /r/TGC-ATS
MunchiexZilla	Recommended	38.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198281753832/	The game as a whole is good, its relaxing. Although it is, it seriously lacks a true variety of trucks, add some Freightliner's, Internationals, Volvos, and well, Just all the common, modern or old U.S. trucks. Make the game more realistic, i understand it's a lot of work, but the map can wait. Let people get caught up and enjoy their personal favorites.
Tex	Recommended	57.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/--I-Dont-Know--/	"This simulator has very pleasant atmosphere and feels realistic."+ great graphics+ very good sounds+ detailed citites and landscapes+ elaborate physics+ well optimized+ pleasant atmosphere(- there are now only 4 trucks, but you can get some great community made trucks in the Workshop)- sometimes the AI vehicles are doing stupid thingsI think, this game (simulator) will be better than ETS2 in the future, but it'll take some time.Definitely recommend!
Joelk111	Recommended	67.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198157173104/	American Truck Simulator is a Gem among simulation games.  ATS has it all.  My favorite part of ATS is that it isn't just a game where you drive a truck, you also manage your company, and build a fleet of trucks, all of which are customized to your liking.  It's the small things that bring this great game together.
Civ Manager .Aaron	Recommended	30.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198008895419/	fun with the multiplayer mod. and fun with mods. but when you see the title of this game. its really only 4 states.... like really? but still hell of a lot of fun!
GrannyTrannyWorld6969	Recommended	16.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198306529872/	This game is so perfect that u don't have to have mods to get ur favourite trucks, it's all in the game. Possibly most fun game.. can't wait to play this so much more
burmandonald1972	Recommended	580.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198340120467/	I have been playing A.T.S. for a couple months now and I really enjoy it. I have spent hours on the game. When I was a kid I always wanted to be a trucker. Unfortunately it never happend. However this alows me to get the feel of driving a truck. Thumbs up to S.C.S.
Knox	Recommended	52.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jataknox/	Amazing game higly recomended. if you like the single player theres a mod wich allows you to play with thounsends of people go check it out at truckers mp.
ZapKapowBoom	Recommended	107.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198143497135/	I really feel like trucking in USA and the game looks beautiful. Just needs more States and maybe little bit more green areas/states but I'm confident this game will be growing just like ETS2.
aydjaysucks	Recommended	601.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/aydjaysucks/	Very cool, especially online. Only thing are the graphics. Having this game running on a relatively old graphic engine, i personally think it could be better that a 5 years old graphic engine.
Civ Manager .Aaron	Recommended	30.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198008895419/	fun with the multiplayer mod. and fun with mods. but when you see the title of this game. its really only 4 states.... like really? but still hell of a lot of fun!
DiscretePython	Recommended	112.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198130226411/	Great game, reminds me of the days when I used to play Across America. Speaking of which there's a couple cool features they didn't include in this game that I miss. Talking on the CB or how trucks would honk back if you honked when they passed. Just little things but overall I love the game, can't wait for the rescale.
Deyvid (Linux) #L2G	Recommended	153.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198395384440/	Apesar de o meu jogo preferido não ser o American Truck Simulator, tenho certeza que fãs de caminhões, assim como eu, irão gostar. Afinal, o jogo simula bem a vida de um caminhoneiro americano e tem lá suas perfeições.
Sanderstar03	Recommended	1.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Sanderstar03/	It's like ETS2 but in america. I like it a lot and have not played it much. I don't like how heavy the game is on my pc compared to ETS2, so if you don't have too good of a pc I would recomend ETS2 instead.
[SQRL] YoshiFanSpence73GB	Recommended	599.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/234334/	Very good game feels like your in America and it's perfect for those In the United States If they want a drive of Home then this is the game for you totally recommend this game
SuperFuckTard	Recommended	29.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198049987641/	.
The Zoidberg Medic	Recommended	73.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ZoidbergMedic/	Dankest game ever.
Celestial Fire Flower	Recommended	317.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/sabrinahoyt/	This is an awesome game!  You meet some awesome people on it! 
OldManSlippers	Recommended	65.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198093707582/	There's a level of challenge here that I wasn't expecting and it's coupled with a level of depth that goes beyond the blissful act of driving big rigs around open roads.It's both equal parts tricky and relaxing with plenty in between to occupy the people who want everything to look just right and the folks like me that just want to drive through the night listening to the radio and coasting onto the wrong side of the road.It's too demanding on system rsources and works great with a 360 controller although I can see myself getting a wheel just for this game over the holidays.Well priced and fun, highly recommended.
mohammadsab	Recommended	14.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mohammadsab/	Nominated!
Tim Tyche	Recommended	85.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198083638715/	Great game, best sim ever!! Spend a lot of time on this.
Secret Soup	Recommended	22.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jonibus/	PROS:- Massive cities compared to Euro Truck; took me about 5-10 minutes to simply get out of Los Angeles.  Not complex road systems like GTA, but large areas of city scenery- Police patrols instead of traffic cams.  If a police car sees you speeding, you hear sirens and they flash their lights, and you get a ticket.- Finally, since it is North American road rules, we can turn right at a red light and not get penalized for it!- Weight stations add a little immersion, don't know what affect they have on gameplay at this time however- Truck interiors seem much more realistic now, may be just because they are familiar interiors with analog gauges.- New trailer delivery system - you can choose at the gate to a) Auto-park the trailer b) Park the trailer in an easy spot c) Park the trailer in a difficult but percise spot, all with different XP bonusesCONS:- Very few truck brands, and therefore probably fewer models- Much smaller map than Euro Truck at this time, only includes 3 states (Nevada, California, & Arizona).  I'm assuming they plan to expand on that.- UI, main menu, sound effects, and in-game HUD are all direct copies from Euro Truck - no originality.- American trucks with the extended front (rather than the flat, rectangular shaped trucks) are much harder to drive at high speeds, takes longer to get from point A to point B, especially on twisted off-roads.- Very unpopular with multiplayer mod, no more than 100 people on at a time on NA or EU servers, as opposed to 2400 on ETS2.OTHER POINTS:- Already tons of mods out for the game, including trucks, trailers, graphics, gameplay, and more.- swood american musicMy opinion:Gameplay 2.5/5Level Design: 4/5Bug-free: 5/5Total: 3.5/5American Truck Simulator is to Euro Truck, as Civ: Beyond Earth is to Civ V.  Re-skined with different gameplay elements.
dangosango33	Recommended	31.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198081431512/	want to go to america but can't afford a plane ticket? stop using google streetview and buy and play this instead! great fun to just drive about, the jobs are just a bonus
Jason52888	Recommended	21.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198304365980/	Just buy it. It is truly an awesome game.
John Bronuts	Recommended	34.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198065482054/	Product received for free
Jagertiger72	Recommended	959.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jagertiger72/	Great game to play and easy to learn. Lots mods in the steamshop to test out and use.
Trains & Rails (Rail_Maniac)	Recommended	71.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/doddsy83/	Product received for free
Worldwide Trucking	Recommended	928.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198827741690/	i like the aspect were you drive a truck for long distiances & hauling loads/cargo
skunkyfunky420	Recommended	48.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198303656053/	this game played fine at first now the sound is all crackley and with the new update for both ats and ets2 ill get to the contiune game click it....it loads up and crashes windows cant play or theres a problem wasnt happening before please fix......maybe its the new update idk but it sucks that this happens everytime i wana play. 
ShivaS	Recommended	57.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/sshivasailamiyer0010/	Like Everything from dealers to trailers There is no Dislike from my sideHands Off To SCS Software CompanyAlso I have seen Full map Of Ats
BeastRiderGaming	Recommended	70.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/BeastRiderGaming/	It's totally ADDICTING. As a fan of all semi's, I really enjoy playing this game. American Truck Simulator has gone a long way since release, thanks SCS!! The game currently only has I think 5 states, as it does take a while to put more in the game. You can mod this game to its limit, and even manually add more states through mods. I really do recommend this game, and keep up the good work SCS!!!
BlackBloodRum	Recommended	282.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/blackbloodrum/	With the rescale this game has almost become a second ETS2 in my opinion!A few more trucks and states and I'd say it would be a second ETS2!
lawnboy500	Recommended	35.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/23456654t46/	love this game
NemoDean	Not Recommended	0.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198127686691/	exactly like ET2 nothings different. Would be great if they added full cities and all side streets and back roads.
Python	Recommended	35.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/xpredatorx115/	great game. Its same as Euro 2
T11LTED - SKIN CHANGER	Recommended	2.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/T11LTED/	Never thought I would have so much fun being a trucker! xD
bloodshot49	Recommended	110.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/bloodshot49/	Sit back, turn the radio on, and enjoy the open road. Deliver loads to earn money, build your company, and customize your trucks. There are also tons of awesome mods on the workshop.
[RSL]Bubby	Recommended	41.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198156520418/	good game
OldManSlippers	Recommended	65.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198093707582/	There's a level of challenge here that I wasn't expecting and it's coupled with a level of depth that goes beyond the blissful act of driving big rigs around open roads.It's both equal parts tricky and relaxing with plenty in between to occupy the people who want everything to look just right and the folks like me that just want to drive through the night listening to the radio and coasting onto the wrong side of the road.It's too demanding on system rsources and works great with a 360 controller although I can see myself getting a wheel just for this game over the holidays.Well priced and fun, highly recommended.
dasunsrule32	Recommended	20.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/dasunsrule32/	Fun game, lots of options, pretty good graphics and supportive developers.
gfrinksr78	Recommended	1,087.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198196653674/	The game is pretty cool for what is. Only a few things I wish you could do differently,  1- wish you could buy a trailer (s) as well 2- wish you had to get a contract (s) to haul with said trailer (s) 3- more states, ( I know your working on this can't wait for new Mexico) keep up the good work and i am looking forward to getting the over sized loads DLC. 👍
MooseSyrup	Recommended	154.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/fatkat61/	ATS is quite realistic. I passed out while driving late at night, woke up at the sound of my truck plowing into a highway barrier.
djbear	Recommended	92.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/djbear/	One of the best simulators out there. Much like Euro Truck Simulator the game is enthralling to play and often quite relaxing. Great mod support and the devs are constantly working on adding more content to the game. Well worth a purchase.
ceswick1	Recommended	263.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198246006468/	I dislike the getting kicked out at rest areas
Padre上帝	Recommended	0.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/yodontmindmeimnothere/	ETS2 is better
Kebb	Recommended	167.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Kebbrokk/	Product received for free
BackTrackz	Recommended	28.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198101681928/	Pretty Good if id say so realistic 6/10 fun aspect 7/10
Vanlo	Recommended	8.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198021654366/	Only a few hours in but, OMG this game is an absolute steal for $20.  Such high quality and depth, I feel ashamed that I'm only paying 20 bucks for this.
tristonlschmitt	Recommended	4,337.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198246209642/	Product received for free
A. K1ng	Recommended	880.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/K1ng-Gaming/	American Truck Simulator is an amazing trucking simulation game, which came as no surprise for a game coming from SCS. This game runs smoothly and come packed with amazing content from beautiful scenery, accurate truck models, and realistic physics all the way down to rolling resistance. Overall, American Truck Simulator is an amazing game and I recommend it to anyone who is interested in simulation or trucking.
Ish_Wor	Recommended	345.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198153325366/	Just bought the game for MP but found this game is dying in lack of contents. Heard about rescale, it will surely do good for SCS as they are listening to their fans. We need rescale fast and new states.
Wesley	Recommended	160.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/WesleyYoko/	I've tried the demo like last year and really liked it but no quite for the lack of states. Decided to buy it after I saw that New Mexico and Arizona were added. Game is really good! I hope you guys add Texas and other southern states soon! :) :fuelcan:
LogitechG WaffleCat®	Recommended	1,793.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/C9Wafflecat/	This a best game in the world 
cessna152	Recommended	397.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198363708661/	although there are not very many trucks in which to choose from. if you like semi trucks like me this is a good game. they also have another state coming for it as well. plenty of entertainment with the way it is now to. not a lot of bugs i have noticed 1 so far. and does not crash very often either. it's a great driving simulator.
Artifical Unitellegence	Recommended	147.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198355908524/	American Truck simulator, is a game made by SCS software, and sets out to create a map to one third (ish) of the scale of the whole American Continent. I spent time when couldn't get the game watching, and waiting for the day I could buy this game and go trucking in America.       The game at its current state on the day I am writing this, (which is 12/21/17) The game has four states, being California, Nevada, Arizona, and New Mexico. Although New Mexico is a paid DLC of the game. Other features include:- As realistic as posible truck sim-Simple and minimal driving for casual players-Every play style in between-Great, although deserety maps *I am aware that "deserety" is not a word-Dumb♥♥♥♥♥AI traffic-Modding-Gas simulation (No not farting)-Fatigue simulation-Decent grahics-Weird, and un-realistic drop of points (Like bringing grapes to a mine, the parking spots are fine)-Paid DLC-Active Development-Amazing Customization (with mods)-Damage sim (with no physical damage modling, because it is only is a simulator that strives for as close to realism as it can get) ;) *wink *wink SCS-Company & economical managment-partialy helpful tutorial-Stupidly long cutscenes to show off their graphics-A sister game set in Europe (creativly named euro truck sim & euro truck sim 2)-Made up replacements for real companies (Fix it with mods)-Crappy physics (again, fix it with mods)-Radio system-The ability to change the color of the nut on your tire (after you pay $2.99 of coure *wink wink SCS)This game is not complete, it is far from it, so this game earns a 7.798 / 10 (random numbers at the end of 7)~Thanks for readingDear SCS, Your game isn't complete and offers a small amount of variety as far as location goes, I suggest Oregon next to add more map diversity, If someone from your company reads this to get feedback on the game please feel free  to comment if you wish for more detail on the certain issues.
Zephyr	Recommended	127.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Zephyr_The_Hyena/	Played this game loved itWaited 2 years and just got one more locationgot tired of waiting and is now driving a real semi
Do it	Recommended	18.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198097136322/	Total♥♥♥♥♥♥.
Jequeese	Recommended	4.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198799713386/	decent game easy running looks good and lots of driving thats all good game!
TomLT	Recommended	15.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198406966701/	nice game
Kylä Jani	Not Recommended	93.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Omgyouhackedme/	Well i bought this game....i was happy when they first announced that ALL OF THE STATES WILL BE FREE NOT PAID DLCi am sad to say i have to give it a bad review because of lie we are being toldif every state will cost us 12 euros and we have 47 states that will be paid that is roughly 564 euros wich is TOOOO DAMN MUCH STOP GIVING EMPTY PROMISESTHE GAME IS CALLED AMERICAN TRUCK SIMNOT WEST COAST TRUCK SIMWAKE UP PEOPLE WE ARE PAYING WAY TOO MUCH FOR EMPTY PROMISES FIX THIS SCS
Nutleaf	Recommended	47.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Nutleaf/	i love this game very real sometimes gets me mad when i fail lol  and i hope to see it grow and grow  i do recommend this game you should play it if you like games like this just as long theay dont post to many dlcs
dj.hardline75	Recommended	1,044.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198321046988/	ATS is a great pc game cant wait to see it on xbox platform
steven-ram	Recommended	139.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198287280039/	good game to play online and offline it has improve so much from ets and best so far
Spencer B. 773	Recommended	153.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198178460681/	I absoluteley LOVE American Truck Simulator. I have almost 100 hours, and I cant say anything better :) Amazing
[WTLVTC]  | Cuffinit G	Recommended	433.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/CuffinitG/	Not bad! I Really like playing this game every now and then. It's a very good calm game. I recommend this %100. Also Euro Truck Simulator is a good game to but if you want a good america trucking game then this game is for you :)
CynarisDraconis	Recommended	62.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/cynarisdraconis/	Some things I hoped for:[Massive Map/All States][Lots of animals (birds, bugs on windshields etc.)][Crash Damage on trucks][Car/Truck washes]What I got:[Pitch-dark nighttime][Some odd graphics][Pretty good physics]All in all, a pretty ok game. I like how they implemented the radio system. 7/10
John	Recommended	370.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/JohnMark29/	if you are looking for a game that is close to real life this is the game for you there are 4 states right now they are california nevada arizona and new mexico if you want to drive more try out the cost to cost mod
some dude	Recommended	51.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Darealmrspyguy/	I don't know why I enjoy this more than ETS2, but anyways the game is great when you just want to chill and relax. And also a big plus is the community, when you have problems or trouble regarding the game ask the community, the people there will help you.  
Ford P.	Recommended	89.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/fordpiu/	Truely beautiful, great community. <3
Holden&HSVS05	Recommended	246.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198286520204/	It is a great game vanilla great graphics but mods do improve it alot. I would 10/10 reccomend this game.
еш мой хуй	Recommended	87.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198132556285/	A fun calming game
Taminaion	Recommended	91.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Ianfan4/	Great game to play if you want to just relax and enjoy your drive but dont get too relaxed as you may end up crashing.. ive done that to many times.The game is better played with a steering wheel rig as you will feel more immersed and you can contol the truck better. you can play with a controller but it wont feel as good as playing with a steering wheel also i do warn you DONT play with keyboard and mouse as its not that easy but it is doable.The ghraphics are great for the size of the map and the game even has mods in the workshop to really make the game just that much better you can get skin mods for trucks and trailers and all sorts of fun cool stuff i wont bore you with the details just go take a look and enjoy those cool mods.I do reccommend this game to anyone that wants to relax and enjoy there peaceful drive... with... with music :3
Gust Front	Recommended	418.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198295211012/	Nice long term Simulation of a Trucking Industry.  If you like dodging Moronic ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ POV ( Privately Owned Vehicles) pulling every demonly stupid move in front of you or if you love looking at scenery while traveling at 70 to 85 MPH at night in a pouring rain and missing your route turn then traveling another 80 Miles for a turn-around. If this is your dream then "Welcome to the Nightmare". However, thru in dominatable perseverance, thousands of traffic tickets for running red lights, speeding 3 MPH above the posted limit then... by buying Garages, Buying Trucks and hiring Drivers ( some of whome are lazier than Hillarys supporters ) in time you may amass an empire of employees earning you two to four Million USD per week. OH did I mention wrecking your rig by falling asleep while looking for a rest stop. The Game is a challenging of your tenacity, perseverance and business acumen, it is not for those of you on the dole because it is work but building an Nation wide network of heavy haulers makes you Lord of the commodities and silent ruler of the nation.Great Simulation ! 
Stefano	Recommended	70.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198027886622/	I am writing this review with almost 200 hours played on ETS2 and just over 50 hours in ATS. This game is certainly has its flaws, but overall, i love it. It is pretty much the only truck driving simulator game and fortunately enough, it is made by a good team. At the time of writing this, v1.5 just droped in beta (rescale) and the game feels totally different. It adds a lot more playability and feels even more immersive. My only real complaint is that the updates for this game are way to slow. It takes months to get something new and even 8 months after release date, we still only have 4 trucks and 3 states to drive in.
Coldone69	Recommended	88.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198093626405/	Just buy it now. mod support and no loot boxes plus inexpensive DLC
[NG]Mama_Bær	Recommended	1.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198035650623/	Product received for free
C10Shane	Recommended	198.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198337648449/	Need moar states.
Marcel R.	Recommended	252.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/sosarpc-marcelr/	American Truck Simulator (ATS) is a game that has tons and tons of potential! Given that SCS are planning to, at one time, cover the whole continents of South and North America! This game has some pritty good mods too! For example MHA Pro or Coast to Coast Or MexUsCan!Rating out of 10 in current state (v1.2) : 6/10
Whaleinanutshell	Recommended	10.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198144993892/	It's basically Euro Truck Simulator 2, but in the US.That's a good thing.
