TOOTI gaming	Not Recommended	16.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TOOTIgaming/	What's there isn't so much bad as it is UNFINISHED AND OVERPRICED. Has potential to be better in the future but as is the grind for inventory size is literally the only progression in the game. I started this thinking to gear up before heading into the centre, ready for lots of fighting or somesuch. Having watched videos spoilering the ending (I won't do so now, but I'd recommend looking it up before buying this), its a lazy ending that I feel is kinda a middle finger to those who have bought the game. Unfortunately I couldn't get a refund as I didn't realise how much fo a rip off the game was in time for steam refund policy to work.I WOULD STRONGLY RECOMMEND NOT GETTING THIS GAME. At least wait for more content and for the price to drop to the £5-10 I'd be more willing to spend on the current experience.
Darth Pliskin	Not Recommended	47.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/darth_pliskin/	NO. Just don't. I wanted so much for this game to present a sense of adventure while I listen to my exploring music. I have never been so disappointed in my entire life. Even Minecraft holds more allure than this game does for me, and I ♥♥♥♥ING love games about exploring space. From glitches to bland flora/fauna you will certainly find this game lacking for that feeling of truely exploring. Sure the first 30 minutes seem grand, but repetition sets in sooner than I care to admit. I only kept playing the game on hope from the hype, and that will be one of the 4 things I regret on my journey to Hell.
Krexington	Not Recommended	38.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198012194849/	I Feel Like we were ripped off (mostly) after playing this. The hype was too igh and I was looking forward to this myself. (sigh) What a shame, let's hope Updates Improve this games depth!
Avalanche	Recommended	55.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197965531535/	The NEXT update finally turns the game into something that has massive potential. The multiplayer works decently well and is great fun, it's almost as if the co-op fits the game like a glove, which makes me wonder why Hello Games defended the lonely nature of the game so much: it's incredibly fun to play with a buddy.Of course, the game is still not without issues, these are some to keep in mind:- The UI is the most atrocious thing I've ever used in any game, it badly needs a redesign to get rid of so many of the redundant operations that you need to perform to do even the most trivial things. It needs to be unified somehow, and hotkeys would be nice as well for PC.- Flying and space combat mechanics are still not convincing, though slightly better. I wonder why they don't just look at Freelancer, which has arguably the best mouse + keyboard controls ever done for any space sim/shooter. It doesn't take much either to make the experience similar: simply make the ship rotate towards the pointer instead of having a tether that constantly pulls the ship towards it, and then also make the guns fire in the direction of the pointer instead of along the hull of the ship. The first solution will prevent the hysterisis that occurs when you oversteer all the time and have to steer back to get on course, the second one will make aiming feel much more natural.- The performance is not great, frequent frame drops occur seemingly at random, on my RX 480 4GB at least. Additionally, the game is frame locked to 30 FPS by default, which is silly..- The online experience is not flawless: storms tend to be desynchronized, only occurring for one player. Certain devices bug out when accessed by the player that did not place them (message device, blueprint analyzer). Missions are not shared, each player needs to complete the objectives on their own, when hyperdriving out of a system to another one players tend to desynchronize, which requires a re-join from the guest player before they are in the same instance again. Sentinels just act odd, chasing one player but not the other, even though they evidently work together (if one player hides, he can make them go away for the  other player as well, even though the sentinels have clear sight on that player). In space, things can get terribly wonky, where a ship that lands on a space station still seems to be in "flight" for one of the players, causing all the other ships to literally fly through the station. Also, when a player that gets followed by sentinels/pirates flies away from the station to a planet, a whole swarm of other ships follow those attackers as well, which looks rather hilarious (why would so many ships go through the effort to kill those attackers if it's none of their business?). They also tend to clip through the terrain on the planet for some of the players. I'm sure most of these will get ironed out eventually though.- Graphically, the game can look amazing, but also odd at times. The volumetric clouds are very cool, but also very low-res, they artifact a bit much at this resolution. The rings of planets seem to get rendered weirdly when overlayed by the atmosphere of a planet or other transparent things. Freighter textures on the freighter crash site are incredibly ugly still and obviously overscaled. Overall though, massive improvements compared to before.- Grindy game, slightly too grindy, to the point where most of the game revolves around it. There are simply too many things that need constant baby-sitting, monitoring and recharging, it would be nice to be able to automate this to start with, maybe make it an upgrade? Also, exo suit upgrades require much more effort now to get, which is not a bad thing, but it means that early game you can't really do most of these things anymore...- Story does not feel engaging, too much meaningless text, too little interesting things happening that differ from the standard gameplay, at least at the beginning. I know it gets more interesting later on, but it could use some love here.. At the very least you could replace all the "kzzzzttt"s by actual noisy words that are unreadable, doing it all in text just looks a bit lazy. Additionally, there's often a big disconnect between what is written in text and what happens on the screen (most of the time nothing happening on screen).- Please, let us have a toggle to turn off the stupid milestone popups (no, skipping them is not good enough..), they are massively annoying, and the music that plays during them gives me a headache due to how frequently they occur.  I mean, this basically just adds to the game's horrible UX/UI. Simply making it a notifications, like how steam achievements work, would be great already.So what is good?- The gameplay is quite relaxed once you get out of the early struggle of surviving the environment hazards. It's fun to slowly progress through the missions, interact with NPCs on the amazingly redesigned space stations, explore around on the planets to gather resources and find interesting things or interesting environments. There's some sense of danger from predatory animals, sentinels, and space pirates, but it's not too much, just right I feel, for early game at least. And when you're playing with a buddy, you can always make up for each other's resource deficiencies.- Exploration is so much more fun now compared to before, the environments look great. Huge ravines, mountains, interesting rare resources, and actual clustering/placement of resource deposits instead of literally throwing everything everywhere. I had to explore quite a bit to find more of that mineral type I found nearby that contained uranium. Structures feel less interesting though than before, they don't feel like much more than a glorified cargo drop.- Graphically, the game looks stunning. It's amazing to see the huge planet on the horizon of a moon, with rings and all, and then stare into a huge ravine littered with minerals and plants. The volumetric clouds, while not having a very high fidelity, are amazing to fly through, and flying past a planet's atmosphere with the pulse engine feels great. Overall the graphical experience is really enjoyable, with some minor nitpicks and issues here and there.In my opinion the game is still not worth its hefty price tag of 60$ though, but on its current sale price of 30? Definitely worth checking out, especially if you got a buddy or more to play with. Besides, it feels like Hello Games is determined to make this a great title, so there's a big chance for future additions and improvements to occur, which I totally support.
Elusive Higgs Boson	Not Recommended	30.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ElusiveHiggsBoson/	There's just not enough there.I followed the hype. I believed in the team. Ultimately, the product they delivered has been a huge disappointment.
anthonyclinton25	Not Recommended	67.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/anthonyclinton/	Tried to give this game a fair chance. I remember wanting to be an astronaut as a kid. Seeing the videos really took me back and sparked that passion I once had. But they were lies. If you haven't seen the trailers go ahead and take a moment to do so... sorry, but you've just wasted almost 8 minutes of your life. You are NOT going to get what you just watched in this game. If you want details then click on this LINK.  There's a list of everything promised, with sources, which were not incorporated into this game.Edit:ghostste@m217 has started a petition regarding some of the issues many of us are facing with this game. A possible solution is also included. If you're having issues as well, I'd advise you to sign it. Here is the LINK. [www.change.org] 
Shocker	Not Recommended	10.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/6metertitan/	this game shouldnt even be free-to-play
GingaNinja	Not Recommended	14.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/PolishNinja155/	I bought this game when it was on sale since a lot of people were talking about how improved it was and I gotta say for the first few hours it was fun kind of. The game dosent give you much info on how to play (that can be fun to learn on your own and move forward) but after you learn how to play and move from planet to planet it loses its fun. You dont really have anything else after that. No real story at all, and there feels like no real progression. The good things I can say is how fun it was from flying in space and landing exploring and finding new things, but after those first few planets the all start to look the same and the creatures all start to look the same, and so do the ships and the aliens. All in all it is the start of a good game. Maybe with future improvments it will become even better, and then I will change my reveiw.
FireRabbit_Reign	Not Recommended	154.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/reign20/	I hardly give reviews to games, but I think NMS has finally brought me to come to the review panel. Like everybody else I was excited about NMS, the exploration, the space battles and faction ect. The game starts off like you would expect survive build up your ship and take off to explore. I thought when I first played this that, this was my own experiance, that was not the case resources were close and it was easy to obtain to build the ship and take off. After that I thought now let my story begin my own way of exploring and telling the story of how I made to the center. Oh boy was I dissapointed. No factions at all, the battles are so week you dont need to update anything on your ship or multi-tool to kill anything it was like all the ships and drones are set to the same health. Everytime you warp to another planet you will run out of resources so going to a planet is a must. The space stations are boring with only two rooms. All the ships are not different they all look the same. Creatures are same with slight differences so are the planets and none of them are the sizes featured in the trailers. There are alot of missing features. No Multiplayer which was the point of my journey for me to find another lifeform from earth. This game was a disapointment but for the life of me I still believe in NMS and the developers. The only thing I can really complain about is the price of the game $60 or in my case R 599. People must remember this is an indie game and indie games take time to become AAA beasts but to charge people that much money for a indie game was bad for hello games. I think if the game was $15 (R200) or less it would still make sales. Hype right now is a curse on the gaming industry and it needs to be lifted. Some Developers and creators need to show us the real game play and not created cut scenes of what the game could be. I think if NMS had to hold off the game for another 2 years it would have been the game we see in the fake trailers above but the pressure of the gaming community has again kill the chance at a good game because of impatients. They are a small team that did all this, Im impressed I just dont think they had to charge the price they did. Rating:Gameplay: 1/10 (too many bugs)Sound:1/10 (cool sci-fi music with robot girl voice to help, but it gets annoying after the first 1hr)Control: 0/10 (my 5 year old nephew can play this with his eyes closed)Graphics: 5/10 (good but not good enough on next gen this game could have run on previous gen)Total rating: 3/10Final say: If you like mine craft this is game for you. If you looking for a space game with actions and exploration and freedom, play star citerzin or elite dangerous
Kait	Not Recommended	19.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Kate_Walker/	At first, I had thought No Man's Sky was one of those overhyped games that wouldn't fulfill what it had promised. My answer, yes and no. Once you get into No Mans Sky, there is so much individuality, that I had questioned at first if I was playing singleplayer, It was such a different concept to name species, plants, and even your own planets that would appear globally in another players game! Then I started to realize, "What is the purpose?" Do I just spend units and upgrade spaceships? Is the purpose to be relentlessly orbiting around solar systems and naming planets? Once I came across my first Atlas station my hope was fulfilled, and I knew my goal was to reach the centre of the universe. I had stumbled upon some videos on Youtube displaying the centre of the universe...thats when I realized the evident pointlessness of the entire game! On top of that, it will dump all of what you had named after 2 weeks. I guess I was right in the beginning.  Also, I forgot to add, do most of you remember how adamant Hello Games was about disregarding the leaked footage?
Christo	Not Recommended	22.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/CH715T0/	Product received for free
Starfury	Not Recommended	25.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198002271064/	Well I generally don't write reviews, perhaps because I buy very few games and generally play them for ages. This, however, is not one of those games, and quite frankly I feel cheated out of $60.I tried to like this game, and I want to like this game. Unfortunately there is nothing to like about it. The next planet is essentially the same as the last planet with different colors. Absolutely every planet seems to have an atmosphere and the vast majority have life, so much for "variety". Most of the animals I have seem are at the very best unremarkable.  I can just hope that in the future the game will improve to the point where I don't regret spending $60 on it, but it's not at that point here. It's at best worth $20 and that's probably a stretch as well.
Tuvia	Not Recommended	78.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/tuvia23/	very repetitive and lack of content
Rickyboy716	Not Recommended	19.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198024606345/	THis game is a scam, Don't buy because you're going to waste 60 euro's for only 5 hours of happyness after that everything gets boring because they're NOTHING to do in NMS
raynak	Not Recommended	13.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197971153101/	Key reasons why I don't like it:- Buggy & slow engine (stuttering, rendering in low resolution despite selected player resolution)- Shallow and repetitive gameplay- "Exploring" these random worlds are like finding shapes in clouds... it feels utterly pointless after a while- I don't like the UI and menus- You pay 60 EUR for something that feels like a buggy, unfinished tech demoWhat's good about it:- Takes you a couple of hours to realize how bad the game is, so at least you get a couple of hours of gameplay out of it
Nucleo	Not Recommended	46.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198078964705/	Aaaaaaaaaand it's gone! 20 hours of gameplay down the drain. 3 corrupted savegames.It was fun to play, but repetitive. Didn't mind that to much. but to start over because of a stupid bug, no thank you!looking around the internetz to find a sollution and see so many people have this issue and so little of them got a working sollution.I know this is a small studio that works on this game, but this is not acceptable in a full release game.
501stVadersFist	Not Recommended	19.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198026458255/	Rinse, repeat. Rinse, repeat. Rinse, re…. wait, is that something ne…nope. Rinse, repeat.No Man’s Sky, one of the most anticipated games for the 3rd quarter, couldn’t have been a bigger let down. The game basically got a running start at something great, then slowly got its head ahead of its feet and is now tumbling down head over heels into a smoldering pile of crap. I honestly don’t even know where to begin with this game.First off, I have invested roughly 12.5 hours at the time of this review, and I cannot speak for any technical issues as I did not encounter any (not to say that there aren’t any).The biggest issue with this game is there is absolutely no motivational factor to get you to complete this game or ‘reach the center of the universe’. There is nothing to get you going or interested and even to want to begin that journey. Unless of course you enjoy stopping at trillions of planets ‘procedurally’ generated along the way.Every planet is incredibly repetitive. Yes you find a few new species and a hot planet rather than a cold, but unless you desire to find every species on that planet or just walking around smelling the flowers, you do exactly the same thing on every…planet….you….visit. You basically start mining and gather enough resources to launch yourself off the rock, warp, then arrive at the next system……only to land and mine and gather enough resources to launch yourself off the rock, warp, then arrive at the next system……only to la….   Woops, almost thought I was playing the game there.The ships and inventory of such are clunky and impossible to navigate. The only advantage to getting a new ship is its inventory space. Other than the outer shell of the ship, there is absolutely no difference in handling from the first ship you receive, to the ones towards the center of the universe. If you really desire your starting ship, all you have to do is upgrade your inventory….. and once you’ve got more storage? You have completed 25% of the game! The game is basically a journey of being able to store more crap in your pockets.Do you like exploring and discovering new planets? Finding all the new animals and critters running around and getting to name them yourself? Well you obviously aren’t playing No Man’s Sky. The various alien races in the game are conveniently sitting in their huts all over every planet you visit. Not only that, but they must have had time to build a space station in every system. So in reality, you aren’t discovering anything, you are basically a tourist on vacation to the outer rim. Then there is the alien races language, I have managed to accumulate at least 250-300 words from the various races but I still have no freaking idea what any of them are saying! In the end, this game was a major let down, however the developers did a damn good job on getting everybody to board the hype train, but I could not recommend this game in its current state, not that it would ever change. This game could have been an amazing space exploration and discovery adventure, but it fails to deliver any of that, and will likely continue to fail. Very poorly executed. If the price falls (which it undoubtedly will soon) I could see someone purchasing this or if it falls within the $20-30 range, but until then, don’t waste your money or something deserving of an Alpha status.But remember not to spend all your money if you do get it, the paid DLC is coming soon! To add what they said would be in the initial release!!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A8P2CZg3sJQ 
Tiger	Not Recommended	7.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/T1geriuss/	OMG on the Pc where I can play Doom(2016) on ultra above 90fps basically 99% of the time I had max 35fps while playing this cr@p and its often dropped below 15!!! Tried EVERY settings from low to high, with crossfire off and on. Could'nt get it above 40fps. I'm sorry but this is pure garbage. Even batman arkham knight ran better on my pc at launch. And the graphics are uncomparable. I could live with it if the price would be below 30E. But they ask for 60?!?! I'm not going to mention the boredome which this game represents. Many people claim its get repetitive after few hours. I got bored within 30 minutes. And its not the hype. This is Early access material at best. With lacking features and optimization. Unfortunately they claim it to be a 100% fully developed game. This was the fastest refund ever. I never even hesitated. Short: Avoid!!! Unless you don't know what to do with your money. But instead of buying this piece of &)($&)(&_"$_£)*("&%)(&%£"!!!!! buy a sandwich for a homeless person.p.s. my english is cr@p, I know. Don't need to comment about it.
Some Old Fool	Not Recommended	18.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/JackaL187Gaming/	UPDATE - 8 / 19 / 2017Tried to play it again on a 3440x1440 Ultrawide and learned that my save (10 or 11 hours) was trashed so I needed to start over and I did just that. NEW BEGINNINGS.About 30 minutes into it I was settling in and actually started to enjoy myself a little.CRASH to desktop (last 30 minutes lost) I didn't start over again.UPDATE - 4 / 4 / 2017I tried the game again today with a single card instead of SLI and ran it at 1440P resolutioninstead of 4K resolution. I maxed every single setting fully with the exception of havingAnti Aliasing turned off completely because it was cutting my framerate in half and doesn'tseem to make any graphical improvements anyway at 1440P. But overall the game lookedgreat. I was getting 80-150 FPS and it ran very good. As for the gameplay, I'm not ready todive back into that yet. A few more updates and I might. I just wanted to let you know thatthe game is definitely running and looking a **** ton better.Well.... I guess I'm finally giving up. I sincerely felt bad for Hello Games the way it all went down. They just got caught up in the marketing hype train and rolled with it I guess. So I just tried the game again on Jan/18/2017 because I played it for 11 hours on release trying to force myself to love it because I too was on the hype train and one of their biggest defenders.My Computer Speci7-4790K @ 4.432 Gigs of High Speed Crucial Ballistix RamSabertooth Mark S Special Edition MotherboardDual EVGA GTX 1080 Superclocked Graphics Cards @ 2050 MHZ EachEVGA 1300 Watt G2 Power Supply3 Samsung 850 EVO SSD Drives with 2 TB's Of StorageA Sony 4K Monitor and the game not only looks like pure mudd butt with every single setting maxed but I get frame rates in the 20's and 30's at 4K.. If I'm running Star Wars Battlefront which looks like a CGI Movie at 120-150 FPS Maxed in 4K, while this game literally has Nintendo 64 textures in many areas, it's now obvious to me that they'll never make it what I thought it was going to be. A million updates won't make it what I thought it was. I yelled at a lot of people while defending this game. I was just a moron defending my own ignorance. HYPE TRAIN !!!This game is terrible2/10  but only because the concept was amazing
The Drifter	Recommended	44.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/gman3880/	One of the greatest developer comebacks Ive ever witnessed. this game is full of deep lore, expansive exploration, and crafting goodness. A true sight to behold.
thatwolf91	Not Recommended	9.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198037578675/	So I have about 3 hours into the game. I want to like this game. I really REALLY do. But really i have to face the truth. I'm losing interest. Quickly. I'm like many people who realize that I will never be able to go explore the stars and I was hoping that No Man's Sky would help scratch that itch. Well...it did. For about 3 hours. And then i started to realize the repetitiveness, the blandness. And the glitches. Oh my word the freaking glitches. Honestly I would probably be enjoying this game so much more if there weren't so many glitches in the darn thing. Getting stuck in the ground, stuck in walls, falling below the darn ground and dying in water somehow and losing all the stuff I had just picked up! Grr. Now I wasn't part of the hype train. And I actually waited before buying the game as well. I saw all the negative reviews and I was like "well...maybe." Man was I wrong. Don't be like me. It's really just not worth it.
Silent.Anguish	Recommended	52.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/koyo-koyo/	A lot of things have changed for this game and it's been quite a controversial game since last year's launch owing to overpromising but under delivering. At it's current state it's a much better game and approaching what was promised though it still has ways to go in terms of adding depth to make the game extremely compelling.The mission and economy system now injects some more life to the universe and appears like a more basic version of what is currently available in Elite Dangerous in regards to missions and trading and such. It is encouraging and brave for a developer who's received so much flak continue to work hard and add so much a year on. Though I guess at this point it's a matter of reputational survival that they probably decided not to give up. If they don't really try to fix it and win back the hearts of the public at large then no new projects by HG and members of th development team will gain traction in the future. But I digress.However, I still believe that no matter how far they add, I believe that the game's core will remain and that will only appeal to a certain type of gamer and I believe Sean Murray's statement that it's a "niche game and it's a very chill game" will remain true going forward. I feel people need to continue to keep this in mind. It's a game about exploration and 'the journey' as opposed to the destination. You play this to relax, enjoy the sights and not to necessarily grind day to day. You determine your own objectives, your own goals, your own benchmark for success or achievement in any particular play session. That is not for everyone.The main gripes I see with the game has been the lack of variety and I believe this will eventually be iterated upon by HG as they continue to add assets. As evident in 1.3 with the new biomes and asset variety, this can really make planets, flora and fauna more diverse in the future. I would suggest people who had not bought it or refunded at launch to jump in and those who still have the game to try it again and perhaps update your review. The fact they are adding this much and supporting it continuously is more than most AAA publishers or studios these days. I for one will be continuing to support HG and look forward for what else they have to offer.
Serial killer não praticante	Not Recommended	56.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Zerei/	If the game won't deliver what was promised I can't change my recomendation.It is not a bad game, but they need to come forward and apologize for all the lies, compensate and set up a path for the game. In the meantime it is a no for me.
ModelVillain	Not Recommended	87.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/DrDDT/	The worst example of bait and switch in any game I've ever played.  Numerous broken mechanics, bugs, crashes, and performance issues.  Caveat emptor.
Funky.Alex	Not Recommended	55.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198218188345/	As of now the game is not a 60$ one. Bugs, crushes, repetitive, no multiplayer and paid DLC down the road so that you can play the game first talked about. Even the survival elements are not so great. The only thing going for the game is the vastness of it, but that vastness with nothing to do is going to kill the fun from it all.All and all NOT worth it by a long shot.
leggy	Recommended	50.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Leggington/	The definition of Redemption.
Somethingplace	Recommended	67.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Somethingplace/	I don't know how they did it, but they brought back this game from the depths of video game hell. Smacked video game god in the face and took his throne in the heavens. You should really buy this game, the developers have blown me away with this update. It feels like the game just launched... I'm shook.KEEP IN MINDThe game has pretty much revamped EVERYTHING, so that mean there will be LOTS of bugs and glitches. I personally have only encountered one glitch which they already fixed in the new patch. The game also still has room for a lot more content and optimization. I love the game to death I pre-ordered it and have been on the hype train since day one but this must be said and I hope Hello Games reads this. Just because they brought 1 good update doesn't mean they're set for the rest of the games life.I still wan't to see things added to this game such asBig servers GuildsPVP (I know there is already PVP but sessions can only have like 5 players)Ship CustomizationPlayer Hubs(these are my opinions)We now know Hello Games can do anything with No Mans Sky if they put their minds to it so I really hope they stick with this hard work and make the game better anytime they can.
RefTyy	Not Recommended	35.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/RefTyy/	WARNING SPOILERS.I'm gonna revoke my posetive/supportive review of this game. because its absolute ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.I made it to the center of the galaxy. to do what? watch stars fly for 5 minutes and as i waited, MY GAME, resets to some "game +" just with my current ship and multitool....... are you serious????To sum this game up. 10 first hours = the experience was amazing, i had this whole "woooow" feeling as i explored and had fun with the game...but after those 10 hours i got to relise, planets? its just basically reskins most of them, they look nearly exactly the same even closer to the center..... ANIMALS. a big one. MOST OF them look exactly the same or they have drastic changes. But what does it matter when... they all act the same, they eat the same, they behave the same. and to add to that, ALL the buildings in the game, from the 3-4 different factions.. have like wut? 3-4 different buildings which is just copied and pasted in all over the planets? THE GAME. is about EXPLORATION.... exploring the same♥♥♥♥♥♥over and over again... is that fun to you?it even lacks in the exploration part cuz all you do is basically just rediscover, and see the same♥♥♥♥♥♥all over again... And on top of that. sean murray the founder or whatever lied multiple times about the multiplayer aspect of the game, just to get it to the selling point, and then revoking that making it a singleplayer game before the release day..... Litterally this game will die out in less than half a year if they dont make some drastic changes.Cuz as it stands now the only way to make money is by farming on planets, griding for no purpose at all...  BUT OH the game has a PIRATE SYSTEM. you get ABSOLUTELY nothing out of killing ships AND the combat system in the game, lacks majorily. Its not enjoyable at all. Theres not even a bounty system, so you cant deliver a "kill" to get some cash...I could go on and on. but the point is. The game is absolute garbage and boring as it stands now...they should have waited another year before releasing this 100%. such a scam 
911tech	Not Recommended	0.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198261214940/	It ran poorly (I thought there was going to be combat and did not want combat with the way the game felt). And after that it felt like I had to be a resource miner, that I also did not want. I liked the idea of an infinite universe to explore but the graphics were lacking on GTX 1080 and i7-5820k and latest drivers installed. It looked too console'ish and who wants to mine on every redundant planet? I would not be so critical if the price was not at a AAA level. I may buy again if it comes on sale. But was hesitant to invest 2 hours and not be able to refund. Most games take longer than 2 hours to make a final determination of quality. I just did not want to take the chance on a AAA priced title. 
RocketRambo	Not Recommended	23.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/caase/	Dont buy this game. It is disapointing in every aspect. The info about the game (in interviews and such) is in many cases false. You will get bored after just a few hours. An unpleasant experience from beginning to end.
Felice	Not Recommended	360.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198067704124/	I wish there was more than one "No" button to click.  Or that I could click this one harder.Sean Murray, Hello Games, Sony, and Steam are all guilty of, and continue to participate in, false advertising, in the form of bait-and-switch.  To this day, the trailer in ads and on this store page is still the one created about two years ago, showing both gameplay and graphical features that are not in the game you're considering buying.  This is both immoral and illegal and I'm surprised Steam is still complicit in it.That aside, if we just look at the game you'll get if you ignore all of our reviews and throw your money away on it, it's still a very bad buy.  There is ultimately no reason to have played the game.  I've played the game to completion, with 100% of the achievements and every storyline fully-finished.  And honestly I don't feel like I've even played a game.  The actual meat of those tasks probably took only about half an hour, with the rest being mindless, repetitive mining and warping.  I'd say I've simply spent a few weeks holding down the left button on my mouse while I grind materials to slog through the slow, unrewarding, opaque storyline, right up to the intelligence-insulting "ending".  I won't spoil it for you (hell, it's already rotten anyway), but it's not worth an hour of gameplay, let alone the hundred or more you'd put in to get to it.But, you say, what about the wonderment of exploration purely for its own sake?  The beauty of these alien worlds?  Yeah, that's there, to some extent, on a few niche planets anyway, and as a result you might mistake this for a good buy for a little while, but after a couple of days you'll realize you've long-since seen every component they construct the worlds from already.  You might not have seen them collected together and colored a certain way, but you've seen them all.  The vastness of the universe doesn't change the dullness of the small palette it's painted from.  Consider pi... interesting number, infinite digits below the decimal point... but every digit is still just 0-9.It's a tech demo.  Honestly, it's not even a very good tech demo.  I'm not saying it's awful, but I've seen destructible, randomized voxel/marching-cubes worlds before, and I've seen them done better.  I've seen randomized weapons and ships before, again done better and with much more variability.  It's like HG put together a lot of tech that really needs to be put together, but did a mediocre and uninspired job putting it together, and then they didn't do very much with the results to make it fun.Seriously, just don't do it.  Maybe if you're someone who can enjoy larping, you'll be able to imagine a game where there is none and have some genuine enjoyment, but 97% of the people reading this are better off buying something else.  Even at its best, this should only be a $20 title.  $60 for NMS is ludicrous when something like GTAV or Fallout 4 was the same price for a thousand times more content, gameplay, and fun.
BL	Not Recommended	7.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/blprofile/	Do Not Buy This Game.The developers took the most boring repetitive and tedious parts of flight simulators, resource management, crafting and exploring and combined it into one horrifying whole.  Boring flight simulator part:  The controls are dull and don't allow stunt flying or exciting maneuvers.  I do more high speed maneuvering on a motorcycle in GTA 5.  Everything in NMS is life-size.  Planets are as big as real planets, and it takes just as long to get anywhere.  There is only 1 point and click and thats when you warp from star system to star system.  Everything else, like going to from a planet to a moon, has to be done in boring flight simulator mode.  The space engine has different speeds, but you still end up waiting 10 minutes with your fingers on the acceleration key.  No autopilot, so you can't even read a book or surf the web while you're waiting for it to be over.  This flight simulator mode and running around on planets is what you spend the great majority of your time doing.Boring resource management:  You need resources for everything, but these barren planets don't give you what you need and your ship has the cargo capacity of a little red wagon.  You need to refuel your spacesuit, laser-mining-multitool gun, and life support every few minutes.  It's a tedious chore.  The tiny cargo capacity, big enough for a pepsi and a pack of cigs, doesn't let you stock up on vital resources.Crafting:  Another tedious chore to support the boring resource management.Environments:  Buildings have almost identical interiors.  Aliens are humans with different heads.  The procedurally generated animals were a novelty at first, but that quickly wore off.  Barren planet after barren planet, while I run out of resources to craft the components I need to build the supplies I need just to get the heck out of wherever I am.  Oh, and did I mention the security robots which mysteriously inhabit these planets are on me like white on rice whenever I shoot and/or harvest something?  The environmental hazards are all exactly the same and they are dealt with by refueling your spacesuit every minute or two.  Toxins, radiation, heat, cold, all exactly the same, and there's ALWAYS a storm which makes you refuel your suit every 30 seconds instead of every minute.Exploring is boring.  Your character is the most out of shape astronaut in the history of space travel and can only run a short distance.  So you trudge and trudge, or you hop your spaceship everywhere.  Soon you're not exploring and discovering at all just hopping from one point of identical interest to another, dealing with the security robots and running out of resources.Your Character:  You don't get to make your character, or even NAME your character.  It's all first person and in my spaceship I can't turn my head.  It's hard to see and be aware of what's going on.Anyway.NMS does what it says it does.Everything is procedurally generated, and 80% similar.There are animals and environments.There are zillions of stars and planets that you can go to.You can discover things and name them.There are plenty of barren wastelands to explore while refueling your suit and searching for resources.There are space battles, sort of.Tragically, all of these things are extremely tedious.  Not one of them is more than a novelty for the first few times.I was so excited for this game.  I love exploring, I like space games... I had such high hopes for this game.  I'm utterly disappointed.
biochip_c	Not Recommended	50.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197970403279/	not recommended !your only goal in this game is to get more inventory-space. that´s all.i really tried to like this game, although it is repetitive, but now i give up. 
Hawke	Not Recommended	392.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198025134606/	I liked this game right from the start...... but then, I hadn't read any of the speculation of what the game was supposed to be before I played it, so had no preconceived ideas about it.  This was a gift from my son, so I just jumped in and started playing.  I was excited to be playing a game that was procedurally generated, not having played one of those before.  My impressions after playing 200+ hrs has been multifold.....  repeative npc's, animals, plants, and planets.... you run out of things to do really quickly if you're looking for quest driven stuff... trying to get to the center of the universe seems like something only the most dedicated could accomplish (I never made it there)....... Thoughts since the latest update:  base building, etc. has offered more to do, along with quest driven things.  Love the portal from the space station idea.  That solved so much (trying to get back to base after jumping to other star systems, for example)....  Great update.  I look forward to more in the future, hopefully adding yet more to do in the game.  It still tends to get rather repetitive, but this last update seems to indicate more coming in the future.  The price is STILL too high for this game, however.......... so unless and until it comes down, I would not recommend the game.  If/when it does come down, either via sale or price, I would recommend it.... it'll be fun for awhile.
RupertBanano	Not Recommended	17.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198050529553/	Huge scam. Angry Joe's review and reddit post about missing features pretty much sums it up.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uTTPlqK8AnYhttps://www.reddit.com/r/Games/comments/4y1h9i/wheres_the_no_mans_sky_we_were_sold_on_a_big_list/Not recommened.
BlazingVex	Not Recommended	25.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198064375500/	Horrible game. 90% false advertisement. Barely any content in game now than there was when Sean was showing it off. NO ship battles? No giant snakes? No faction wars?  OH and no multiplayer? EVEN THOUGH Sean specificly said it WAS multiplayer multiple times. NOT ONLY THAT. I decided to give the game a chance to find some of that hope, I found nothing. OK so I ask for a refund. I get no refund. I email Hello games, a NICE email and I did not get a refund. #1 Runs like crap on my EVGA 1070 FTW i5 6600k skylake 8GB DDR4 RAM. #2 More than half the content is mission on the full release. #3 No multiplayer / false advertisment. #4 No actual support. #5 They care about the "1%" more than the 99% who actualy are sufering... They are focusing the 1% to distract everyone from the real problem.Final verdict, DO NOT buy this game any time soon period. Do not buy until all the content previously showcased is in it. DO NOT pay $60 for this game. It is barely $20 worth max. You can do more in Elite dangerous and the game is far less money and those guys are really cash grabbers. Most of all. I WANT MY MONEY! NOT A FAKE VERSION OF NMS!
Xoriatus	Not Recommended	5.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198052460066/	This game is broken, the frame rate is terrible and reaptedly crashes while i far exceed the minimum requirements and the recomended ones, steam constantly refuses refund, dont buy the garbage
BeerDidBrad	Not Recommended	19.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/beerdidbrad/	The quality is that of an early access game, this game is only worth about $15 in its current state. The developers outright lied about what this game would be.  I kept waiting for this game to get better and live up to it's marketing, but it did not. The whole game is mining and inventory management. Combat is non-workable and almost non-existent. There's no real story or missions. (spoiler alert) And to top it all off, at the center of the universe, nothing, the game literally zooms out when you try to go there and drops you on an new planet with all your stuff damaged, seriously.
Skullriot	Not Recommended	15.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Skullriot/	It is far less exciting than the screenshots depict. If you are looking for a game to just chill and wander around in, this is that game, but if you are looking for depth, this is pretty shallow. There is no real advancement, only a large list and checkboxes.
Tokyo Otaku	Not Recommended	4.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198022846214/	Well played it for about 4 hours and have seen most that the game has to offer. Sad really because I was really looking towards this title. See if I can get a refund as I will not be playing it anymore.This game has nothing to do with the picture all over the net, it runs so poorly on my PC that it makes the game fill like a drag. about 80% of what was promised  in the game is not there.I am very upset with the way I was lied to by the people that made this game and hope that they learn from this and never do it again.If you are thinking about getting this DON'T, please do not fall for all the hype I did. I'm hoping I can get my money back as the game has made me think twice about paying any game on day of release now.
Missy1557	Not Recommended	9.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198121299582/	THIS IS NOTHING MORE THEN A MINING SIMall the bad stories youve heard about nomans sky are trueDONT BUY THIS GAME.ive been ripped off 60 bucksSTEAM should refund all no mans skys sales, and sue the develper for false advertisement and damages.
Roger the Shrubber	Not Recommended	228.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/rnewton/	Definiely need to vent, finally - I tried so hard, I put in 40 hours (it says 57, but a LOT of that is AFK or being tabbed out while I did other, actually fun things).Anyone who believes this product was advertised accurately is a moron. I don't mean to say anyone who ENJOYS the game is a moron at the same time, to each their own. I just can't get over how many obnoxious sods try to advocate for Sean Murray & Hello Games' PR group as if "they told us this is what No Man's Sky would be, you are just dumb". This game was falsely advertised, and cold hard evidence supports that. Sean Murray's mysterious disappearing act other than his jaded Support Update posts should confirm it. Why hasn't he gone back in front of cameras, back on stage, to bask in the glory of all his promises? Yea - because they didn't happen, and he knows it. Hope you made enough money to last the rest of your life Sean, because you made a "one-and-done" appearance in the gaming industry as far as I'm concerned.To any of those people who like defending Sean Murray/No Man's Sky as "Accurately Advertised" - you can stop talking, because as soon as that opinion comes out of anyone's brain, I stop listening/reading/etc. just like Sean Murray seems to be doing with our Feedback. This review is like voting, I know it doesn't really matter in the end, but I do it because it's my duty.
KennyBlank	Not Recommended	32.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198015660428/	DO NOT BUY!!!!!! I wanted to like this after 10 hours...but couldnt, empty, unenjoyable, a complete waste of time.  None of the promised features, things you were shown on the trailers, stuff that were so hyped about, are in the game.  I want a refund and requested one here because I felt cheated out of money on false and decieving advertisement.  DO NOT BUY, HUGE DISAPOINTMENT.
Yuffie	Not Recommended	32.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/sevalisa/	There's different planets but they are all realistically the same.Nothing new anywhere after you've seen a few new planets you've seen them all.I kept playing in the hopes that it would recover, but it didn't. Not in the least.Really disappointed as the advertising hype made this game sound fantastic. It really isn't. Which is sad.
Andy da Alpaca	Not Recommended	15.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198058586932/	I am gonna be blunt here. Ignoring all the marketing stuff, all the lies, this game is just plain dull. There is bugger all to do.
Phog	Not Recommended	2.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/whardy/	So boring.  98% of the planets are dull and AI is awful.
DrWitchDoctorMD	Not Recommended	9.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/leatherneckjr/	Red planets, green planets, purple planets, blue planets.....thats it, no really that's pretty much it.
Colonel_47	Not Recommended	13.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/thewizardtony/	A game worth $30 at the very most, marketed and sold as a 60$ AAA game. Pros+fun for the first couple of hours+going at light speed for the first few timesCons-everything else-sloppy progression-terrible inventory system-lackluster replay value despite the quintillion planets-repetition in gameplay and planets, everything looks the same, the planets are all identical -performance, 20 fps on ship, 30 fps on planet, this game does not perform close to at least competently 3/10 not recommended, there was promised multiplayer, which is not included, the performance is one of the worst in recent memory, arkham knight managed to improve the performance through many updates, whereas this does not, and the replay value is remarkably low not worth the 60$ at all
Oleander	Not Recommended	86.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/oleanderpenz/	I am a victim of false advertising...I asked for a refund... DENIED because I'm 14 hours in.An average gamer need more than 2 hours that the features he was promised are not there.It's a REAL shame that steam allowed this type of game and game developer to be part of their library.This is the only purchase I did on steam or any other digital game store that I feel that I have been totally ripped off.There is really something wrong with this industry and this game's marketing and advertising is the perfect example.
Your Friendly Dictator	Not Recommended	7.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/YFD/	This game just did not live up to expectations. I gave it a chance, and really tried to get past the surface and get into the game, hence the play time, but it just did not manage to cut it, especially with all the hype that the developers had been creating.In all, I'd say this game is a mile wide but only an inch deep, there's nothing to it once you get below the surface, except for distant missions of reaching the centre of the galaxy. Very underwhelming.
Your Friendly Dictator	Not Recommended	7.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/YFD/	This game just did not live up to expectations. I gave it a chance, and really tried to get past the surface and get into the game, hence the play time, but it just did not manage to cut it, especially with all the hype that the developers had been creating.In all, I'd say this game is a mile wide but only an inch deep, there's nothing to it once you get below the surface, except for distant missions of reaching the centre of the galaxy. Very underwhelming.
TheRichness	Not Recommended	82.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/therichnesspcmr/	Overpriced, no gameplay, boring. Do not waste your money.
NightHunter☯	Not Recommended	7.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/270519972620/	I tried to like the game but i just cant it's get boring after 5 hours of playing it and personally i dont think is worth 59,99 euro way to expensive for this game.There is some good things but overall is just not worth it right now.
SilverWolf	Not Recommended	37.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198026398393/	Product received for free
Jiro Katsutoshi	Not Recommended	32.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/JiroKatsutoshi/	The game was a great 1-4 hour adventure at first but it loses it's charm after that due to how extremely repetative it gets. not to metion the annoyances of the inventory and sentinals. Also, the game has recently begun closing for no reason. I'll be jumping along and then all of a sudden the game closes with no message or anything as to why.
Aokillan	Not Recommended	94.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/aokillan/	He said there was going to be *insert anything you think should be there*.. and there isn't. False advertising.
Andromedus	Not Recommended	18.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/androm24534/	This game is a lieThis game is in NO WAY worth the asking price. The game is shallow, and not what was promised AT ALL.There isn't much else I can say that hasn't been said already. Not only is this game terrible, but it also runs like crap regardless of settings. (Even my 1080 and 4790 cannot max this game)Don't make the same mistake as me.
Born2Hayt	Not Recommended	43.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/born2hayt/	Game is novel but that's all it is, pick it up on sale for a $1 in six months. Hello games has a LOT of explaining to do and Sean Murray better be in the midst of a nervous breakdown, otherwise, he's a complete shyster.
Zhev	Recommended	81.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Zhev/	They didn't give up, most would walk away. Smoke a fat joint and space on.
Lorkhan	Not Recommended	10.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198031480549/	Product received for free
Kae	Not Recommended	89.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198006574980/	This particular piece of software operates as a good tech demo and proof of concept for a larger gaming framework. The actual game, however, has yet to be encorporated.
JadeRuby	Not Recommended	12.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198034472979/	Hello helloThis is a game i wanted to love but that does not seem the case due to the following reasons,Super repetative, no real goal, terrible combat mechanics, terrible GUI and HUD no smart Ai, no multiplayer, starship combat feels aweful, and copy and paste creastures, planets, AI, and starsystems etc.In the end no real point. its a mediocre adventure game in space but no where close to being worth $60. Cheaper indie games can do alot better. Hell, ive seen free to play games do better than this.Buy it only on huge sale. 
stopmojim	Not Recommended	92.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198027107778/	I have played the game for 34 hours and like it a lot, even in it's present unfinished state. But, sadly, I cannot recommend this game...yet. I ran into a bug or two and I was one of those people that crashed after the HG logo, but those things didn't put me off the game until a few days ago. I log onto my account and everything is gone. Everything. No saves, no discoveries, no progress. The game had reset to the very beginning. I wrote support, but so far nothing there either. Now, I don't know if I should wait for support to see if my save files can be restored or should I start another game? Will the game do this again after many hours of progress? Frustrating beyond words. I still show 34 hours of play and have my steam achievments, but starting from scratch leaves me a bit demotivated. I would not reconmmend buying this game until this and other major faults are repaired and maybe a bit more content is added as well.
MastaPDiddyMan	Not Recommended	39.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198098555829/	Blatent false advertising. The trailers and gameplay, as well as Sean Murray's untruthful or extremely vague answers as to what would actually be in the game were completely misleading.Lesson learned: Never pre-order a game ever again, or have a chance at being extremely dissapointed.
Rauski	Not Recommended	31.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197964426446/	I cannot recommend this game mainly due to it's lack of content and repetitiveness at the moment.NMS gets so repetitive after the first hour it's insane. Many of the things that were promised to us by the devs aren't even in game. You cannot forge alliances with different races and there is no huge variety in planets. Yes the planet's are different, but it feels they're lazily different... It's almost like on every planet the flora and minerals are the same but the colors change and that's it. Sometimes there's water, sometimes it's a purple wasteland. Heck, you can't even rename your ship like they've promised.It was fun at first to explore and discover different star systems and upgrade your ship. I think I've even learned 200+ words of alien language in-game just to understand some kind of story better and it was fun to interact with the aliens. Even though they were just mindless drones sitting in one place. There are still those little things in the game that would make it worth buying BUT this is not a game for completionists. In this game you will not achieve, you will not compete to be the best and there is no score to tell you how well you've done.I'm not going to spoil anything, but after getting to the center of the universe... after playing countless hours and just warpping from system to system and listening to your LIFE SUPPORT BEING CRITICAL the payout is not what is deserved. Infact, just because of the ending I'm going to try and issue a refund for this game but it will probably not go thru because I've already played the game for so long. Great potential gone to waste. Waiting on Star Citizen...
Professor Chaos	Recommended	538.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/new-age/	-Instant pre-ordered after watched some beautiful trailer-Game launched - one of the biggest disappointment in my entire life > ♥♥♥♥ing wasted 60$.-Update huh?? - we'll see.-More update -  well, it's at least worth a try.-More and more update - it gets better and better everyday.-More, more and more update - HELL YEAH, more than i expected !!!-Tons of update - finally, now i can say that my money didn't goes in vain.-Future update ??? Let's see what will Hello Games surprise us in the future.!!! make No Man's Sky great again !!!
Antehn	Not Recommended	7.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197991573356/	The price asked for what you actually get is insane, sure it has billions of planets, only downside is that they all feel and mostly look the same.
Septis	Not Recommended	57.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Septis00767/	After many years of promises and false expectations. iv had enough. this was the final strawhttp://www.pcgamer.com/no-mans-sky-creator-walks-back-no-paid-dlc-statement/Guys wanna know how the PC version is? its a drag nd drop of the console edition.. Love being able to look around my cockpit as well. Read the above article to get an idea about these Liars. this is a historical moment for gaming. and a lesson well learnt. NO MANS SKY -> ONE MANS LIE. more appropriate title. and before this review gets hated on.. i LOVE exploration games.. but the fact of the matter is this game has almost NOTHING of what was promised to us.. just do some research.  the wildlife sucks.. the AI sucks.. so many things suck . and im a fan. its hard for me to admit these  things. because i was fooled like the rest of you.. but the only way to prevent this from happening again.. is to start a movement.. WE THE PEOPLE.. share this knowledge. make HELLO GAMES PAY for conning all of us.
don't call me blue	Not Recommended	25.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jbxn/	No Man's Sky was a mistake
henyeet	Not Recommended	1.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/henyeet/	This game is decent. I think that if it was marketed and advertised as an indie game than many more people would have been satisfied with the game. As it stands $60 is simply too much for No Man's Sky, and it's certainly ahead of its time.
torquemadaza	Not Recommended	49.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/torgnyhylen/	This game isn't what it sells itself as. The videos and screens above selling this game aren't representative of the launched product. It's certainly not worth full retail price.The gameplay loop is incredibly shallow and repetitive, with no clear stakes to make progress meaningful. You mine resources - find blueprints - upgrade equipment - mine resources - find blueprints - upgrade equipment - ad nauseum. You repeatedly find blueprints you've already found. If you swap out equipment, all your upgrades are wiped and you need to re-upgrade the new piece of equipment. Why are you upgrading? Just for more inventory slots. And what are the slots for? More resources so you can afford more upgrades. Some resources are so abundant as to be meaningless, and others are so haphazardly distributed that it's either glut or famine. You can only find resources by stumbling across them, there are no maps, nor intuitive clues you can discern to learn where a particular resource may be. Trade is meaningless. There isn't enough of a single resource to meaningful buy from the galactic trade terminal. NPC interaction is meaningless. Arbitrary multiple choice if correctly guessed rewards you with blueprint, or equipment that you may or may not already have. Ancient alien artifacts teach you the vocabulary of the existing aliens, so you have a greater chance in the above guess.You discover and name unexplored planets, that have buildings, ships flying around, aliens, and trading posts. I'm reminded of Columbus "discovering" the inhabited Americas. To buy a new ship you must either find a crashed on in the game world (30+ hrs in I have found exactly 2), or you must speak to a passerby in his ship. So, you can spend up to an hour waiting for randomly generated ships of various configurations to arrive where you are, and hope you have the cash to afford it. If you wait too long, or turn your back, the ship flies away, possibly never to be seen again. What are you looking for in a new starship... well, actually only inventory slots matter. There is no distinction between tiny zippy-looking fighters, bulky freighters, weird science vessels or explorers. They handle the same, with a turning circle of a Volkswagen Bus from 1968.The log records all fauna and flora you discover, but not resources. So you do not know where a rare resource was unless you name the planet something obvious like "UnobtaniumHere". Flying through space, there is no inertia. It feels like you're flying through peanut butter. Take you finger off the throttle and you stop dead. Flying in atmosphere is restricted. The autopilot "prevents" you from crashing, so you cannot fly "under" anything (like floating islands of rock) or close to the ground. Landing is done by hitting X, but you cannot actually see where you land. You mostly feel it out, and hope. You're allowed a single waypoint at any given time, which can disappear at any time. Maps are mostly useless. There is one on your ships dashboard for the system you're in showing you planets, but it's not very useful. The Galaxy map has limitations on zoom level, unlike Sean's onstage demo. There are no planetary maps. As a result, it is sometimes impossible to find something you've already found in a system, like a trading post. Even if you waypoint it, that waypoint may just disappear. There is no explanation of some really basic operations/icons/features. I had to learn from reddit how to sprint-jump, which counter intuitively involves the mêlée attack button, the sprint toggle and the jetpack thrust. The game also never tells you about equipment adjacency bonuses in the inventory. The red shield icon on the bottom right confused me for the longest time. It's not a shield, it's the shape of your exosuit's backpack and it marks when you're inventory is full. When you buy a new ship, everything on your old ship is lost, and there are no warning messages to this fact. So the thousands of minerals you had saved up: they're wiped. There are many other things the game just doesn't tell you. The UI is made for the controller, so expect to move around sluggishly.You need an open inventory slot to see what you CAN craft. So you often have to destroy an upgrade just to see if you've collected enough stuff for another upgrade, then build both. This is so unbelievably stupid. The combat is meaningless. Sentinels pose zero threat. They always arrive in exactly the same manner in the same numbers. Ship to ship combat isn't dogfighting, it's jousting. And its a snore, because you can (and indeed have to) open your inventory and restore power to your shields. It's a nuisance. Attacking freighters doesn't garner you anything you cannot find on a planet, yet here the sentinel force is very aggressive. Some planets are very hostile, with bad weather, angry sentinels who shoot on sight, but there is no risk-reward equivalency so you're better off on another planet with better weather and more docile security - the resources will most likely be the same. To avoid exposure damage from extreme heat, cold, poison or radiation, you can go into a cave. I didn't know that simply by walking into a cave, radiation is avoided. Good to know.When you blow up terrain, or mine minerals, rocks routinely hang in there air where they were before you shot them. When you blow ups storage tanks with your land deforming grenades, the exploded tanks hover in the air defying gravity. Planets don't revolve around the sun. Moons don't revolve around the planets. Space Stations don't orbit. Freighters don't move. And when you're on a planet, there is a day night cycle, but it's a skybox not actual physics which Murray proudly touted it would be.Weather is a full planet event. Except if you climb back into your starship. Then there is no weather. Until you climb out later somewhere hundreds of kilometres away, then there is the same weather. Procedurally generated animals that all look like the same, and often look incredibly ugly. Take Head #168, attach to Body #43, with Legs #98... colour it all the same colour, and then give it a walk cycle. No big animals. No exotic 300 metre long sand worms, and nothing as majestic as seen in the trailer. Also, all animals clip through you and the terrain. The animation quality of the animals varies from passable to downright ridiculous. Can you see animals from the air? Only if they spawned when you were on the ground. When you get back in and fly away, they'll remain at that spot, but if you fly too far away they disappear. The pop in in this game is awesome. Even in space, where there are literally only a couple of textured orbs (as planets) and a space station, the asteroids pop in 50m away from you. When flying on the surface of the planet, its often very hard to tell what is what, because the terrain is deforming as it redraws itself as you get closer. No multiplayer. Not that I actually care about this one, but it was said to exist and it simply doesn't. The Galactic Core. The big mystery at the end. There isn't one. I feel like Damen Lindelof wrote the ending. It's a mess folks. And then it's just buggy as hell: Crashes to desktop. UI icons appearing where they shouldn't appear. Incorrect equipment popups. Obvious ship asset swaps during warps. Launching from a planet can sometimes shoot you up thousands of kilometres into space. You can fall through the ground. Corrupted save files. You receive upgrades which then don't appear in your inventory. Weapon art toggle mix ups where it thinks its using the laser, but the bolt caster icon is highlighted and vice versa. Animals spinning on the heads. Framerate issues, even with the recommended system settings & more!Sean Murray has joined the illustrious company of Randy Pitchford (Alien: Colonial Marines), and Peter Molyneux (Fable) as a game developer who, for one reason or another, didn't deliver on his spectacular vision. Avoid.
Andy	Not Recommended	61.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198053139193/	Can't recommend this game. So many bugs and missing features that were promised. Maybe if they took another 6-12 months and finished the game that was shown to us.
KhenU	Not Recommended	18.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kh3nu/	good example of a beautiful bluff. they released only one epic staged gameplay video that kept everyone dreaming. for a good reason: there is no gameplay 
CiP.TK	Not Recommended	10.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mattietk/	This is the worst case of false advertising in a game I have ever encountered.I cannot reccommend more strongly that you do not purchase this game. It is absolutely nothing like the trailer or screenshots shown.
RedX	Recommended	45.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198016579597/	Although no one will forget the launch, they have come a long way. Still very repetitive 7.5/10
JinBias	Not Recommended	11.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/bleyash2/	Regret Simulator 2016
thoma683	Recommended	168.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198133887761/	Much better after all the updates
Nut in Cider	Not Recommended	47.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/FYP0/	Ok first off, this is coming from someone who knew nothing of NMS other than seeing it way back when at E3.I was not hyped about the game, and never looked too deeply into what the game was about. Other than knowing it was a procedurally generated space sim / adventure.So I have played a fair few hours now, 100% on the original planet and warped 20 or so times. Been to quite a few plannets and stations.Here are my thought's, so far. Because if a game cant grip you from the start, then.....First off when you first enter the game it looks beautiful. I like collecting all the data and i like the concept of gathering all the materials you need to repair and craft things for you and your ship. This is kind of the main problem of the game,Although the inventory managment seems more of an annoyance than a challenge. Having to scrap things you find just to open a box to see what is inside. Just to find out its the same trinket you just dropped. There does not seem to be anything intresting in any crate I found.I mostly enjoyed finding the ancient alien artifacts that offer bits of story.After the first 3 hours after I got used to my environment "collecting" everything became quite tedious. It tells you nothing of where you need to go or what you need to get.I understand it is a sandboxy kind of a game with a small bit of story in order to call it a "game" But nothing from the first planet you are on pushes you to go further. When you are on the first planet you can not open certain boxes due not not having a V1 Atlass Pass (whatever that is). It tells you nothing of what this is or how to aquire it. I only later aquired it by randomly warping around. I got bored near the end of my first planet because there seemed nothing new. Yes you can fly around investigating the ? But what is the point? they are just re-colored versions of what you have already explored.There is no "real" threat, this was very important to me, I wanted to see a hostile planet, where the animals hunted each other, the animals attacked you etc..There is none of that really, the only threat you have are from the drones that are too easy to kill and usually do not even attack you unless you engage first.You cant even kill yourself from falling off a cliff.Danger in the game is more "passive" threat, I.e Radiation etc that you never die of just makes you use more of your resources.I felt like I was playing in god mode, When you meet your first alien I would expect an interesting confrontation, but no they just sit in there chair and most of the time don't even acknowledge that a strange unknown species has just walked straight into there house. The conversation options with said aliens are shallow and offer nothing, the only reason to go to these places is to get a new weapon that they tend to have on the wall.The whole "Universe" just seems dead and shallow. Animals that run around with no AI. Supposedly intelligent aliens that I would imagine in reality to be very rare, they are everywhere, and are as shallow as quest NPC's in an MMO.So after leaving your first planet, you're hyped to explore a space station? a new planet?You go to a space station that is massive and looks cool, you enter the docking port go through the door, and you're greeted by yet another "Intelligent" alien sat in a chair, offers nothing different than the other aliens on the planet.Where are all the people in this space station? why is it so big? God knows, its just 1 dude in a chair in a little room.So new planet?Infinite possibility? No. I entered my second planet to find the same more or less creatures even the same models used just with different colors. [Edit]I have since tried to play more to get my money's worth. And I stand by my original opinion. There is far to much of the same thing repeated over and over. You go to a new plannet and half the plants look the same, the background sounds of animals is the same for every planet. It says allot when the game itself is only 2.5GB of how the assets in the game are repeated.The payoff of reaching the center of the universe by grinding through these same color shifted planets is not enough for me.So should you buy NMS? No, not now.Wait for if and when its an actual game.Seems more of a tech demo right now.What happened to the times when you bought a game, and that was it. It was a complete game.Today when you buy a game you buy a into a concept, that they can add too if they want or most of the time just leave as it is.10/10 for the idea2/10 for the execution
Captmiller	Not Recommended	8.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/CaptJMiller/	I wish I had not purchased this game, unfortunately I tried to give it a good amount of time to catch my interest but only accomplished playing long enough to void my steam refund option. I don't think its totally the developers fault. I had high hopes for this game but the inventory game and repetitiveness wore on me quickly. I do wish that steam would give a person longer to see if a game is worth their money, but in the end all I have learned is to listen more to the reviews (I waited for a week to see what the reviews came in at and still bought it) I think that your money could be spent on a better game!
Osaka	Not Recommended	7.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198066261098/	This is easily the best scam I've seen in a while.  The only other hilariously comparative venture I've seen to date has been Star Citizen, except that this game has actually released.  The amount of hype surrounding the game was immense, the trailers were amazing, the promises were ...promising.  Just enough to make you want the game.  And it worked.  A lot of people did buy the game.  The joke is, that there's JUST ENOUGH content to take you just beyond steam's 2-hour refund cut-off.  At least by now most people are aware that it's absolutely horrific, in terms of games with a price tag usually present on a-class productions (fallout, witcher, elder scrolls, souls games, etc)  I feel ripped off for having pre-ordered this, and I feel foolish for having been so happy when telling friends that I'd pre-ordered it.
[RA] Marv	Not Recommended	80.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198008470385/	Such a sad project with so much potential. Complete waste of time and $$$.
asthyril	Not Recommended	92.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198052452191/	Bordering on false advertising all the things the developer Hello Games said were going to be in this game but aren't.  Do not waste your money.
Lemonsbian	Not Recommended	37.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198038174459/	Murray is a goddamn liar man, so many features they promised us are missing.
Ferrowbane	Not Recommended	25.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198081775797/	This Game has really not lived up to any expectation. from the start i was expecting, as we had seen in the adverts, worlds brimming with life with smooth beautiful game play. What i got was a barren wasteland with the same trees and rocks forever coupled with a sensitivity on the mouse that made you feel a bit nauseous even when set at 0%Having pre ordered this and looked forward to all the worlds to explore, i would rather pick up Pokemon go and explore my garden than play this game again.if your on the fence about it, you will be very dissapointed very quickly.
Stabbity	Not Recommended	120.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197970898605/	Watch the FIRST VIDEO on the store page. Next, go watch a Let's Play video. Save your money. :( I haven't written a bad review for a game EVER!
𝕭𝖔𝖇☕🐱🐬	Recommended	18.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197972642306/	I've been watching this game since its horrible launch in hopes of eventually seeing improvements, and getting it. Until fairly recently, friends pics/vids didn't do anything to draw me in further, and reach for my wallet.So now after the last two updates (NEXT, and especially the Abyss), and seeing positive feedback from the more informed, and mature players, along with some stunning pics/vids, I've decided to take the plunge.The game reminds me of ARK in many ways, yet different, and I've enjoyed that one a lot. You're plunged in the middle of a harsh environment, and have to search for basic needs, ingredients, and crafting to make it through the first day. When you start catching on to the games mechanics, and procedures, it does get easier.Finding ingredients, and crafting may seem hard, and/or cumbersome to some, but I approached it much in the same way as I did with ARK. Once you get your ship fixed up, things get a little better. The problem is "Getting it fixed." Find this, craft that, and then repair.For the most part, you can do as you please in this game. The Open World Exploration/Survival, is its key assets, and attracted me the most. The tutorial is pretty good, if you read it. Most of my questions were answered there, and the in-game guide. The graphics, and music is very well done. The story (if you call it that) can be done at your leisure, and you will certainly immerse yourself into the game.Some could find this game boring, repetitive, and tedious, and it can be at times, but it also has many plus sides to it, if you take the time to look. I can now recommend this wonderful game, and expect to have many hours of fun with it.The best guide that helped me in early game (or anytime) is this one:https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1451250092𝓐𝓼 𝓐𝓵𝔀𝓪𝔂𝓼 ,𝓚𝓮𝓮𝓹 𝓞𝓷 𝓖𝓪𝓶𝓲𝓷𝓰 ! ☕🐱🐬 
Wingcommander	Not Recommended	13.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/w1ngcommander/	Overhyped, doesnt live up to the expectations I had based off of what was PROMISED... I tried really hard to grind a bit and actually get into this game but the longer I've played the more cheated I've felt as this game simply isnt fun to play... Its repetitive, boring and overall completely lacking in so many features...
jc_lvngstn	Not Recommended	196.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198001964498/	Lost interest after a few hours, when I realized it's an incredibly shallow experience. Worth...$20, $30 maybe, but damn sure not 60. The developers should have made sure it was clear that the game boils down to jumping from repetitive planet to repetitive planet, until you reach the center. But details were intentionally vague. Sad.This has reinforced a valuable lesson. Wait until AFTER release to buy, regardless of how big the hype train is.Amazing...even after all this time, still full price. It's obvious Hello Games has no problems with how this was handled.
Muaath	Not Recommended	22.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/muaathaf/	Doing the same thing simulation............
Primelake	Not Recommended	124.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198024744770/	Around 20 hours in I realised I was experiencing the same planet, the same structures, the same aliens, the same resources and the same animals - just with slight changes. Also, you do the same stuff on each planet. I have played 42 hours now, and I just uninstalled. I managed to get the 10 atlas stones neeed to create a new planet. Next step was to go into the center of the universe - however the process of doing so, is so endlessly boring. At first I was amazed, but it quickly turned into dissatisfaction.
Electro	Not Recommended	26.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/hoboKilla/	I just want to say for any one confused about reviews that are negative with many hours of gameplay, that this is an exploration game. You aren't meant to have all the game offers at your finger tips the minute you start playing, or even within the first few hours, and the player is well aware of that. So a lot of these reviewers, like me (26 hours played), took their time, went exploring, always expecting to find bigger and better things, expecting to find those "promised features" that weren't there. In fact, we sunk hours in trying to recharge our hyper drives so we could travel to new solar systems and see if that's where the fun was. All the while the game just kept getting more and more frustrating and dissapointing until we finally realize that there is nothing more. It turns out that the enitre game WAS at our fingure tips in the first minute. So don't think people are being hypocritical or that they truly did get their money's worth when they have 10, 15, 20, 40 hours of gameplay and leave a negative review. And don't buy this game. Get 4 or 5 other indie games totalling the same price.TL;DR = You have to explore to realize there's nothing to find. Negative reviews with lots of play hours really know what they're talking about.
Linlithgow	Not Recommended	23.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197993296592/	I can't remember the last time I was so disappointed with a game at launch. I survived Star Wars:Galaxies and a number of questionable launches of other games including Eve, but No Man's Sky has to have plumbed new depths of software that wasn't ready for prime time. More fool I, perhaps - no open beta, tightly lipped team, but so many promises! And I wanted to believe, I really did. It took me a while to be able to play this game; I have a Phenom and Hello didn't do a beta or clearly test on AMDs because the game didn't work, and those of us with AMD Phenoms had to use a workaround using an Intel emulator in order to play, (player suggested workaround too), at a reduced framerate. I should add Hello was HORRIBLE with communication - Sean (the owner), posted they were working on a fix and then went dark for 48 hours, no updates on where they were, no status of the fix, until finally some people on Steam boards saw a build pushed to experimental, which got you farther but not to the planet. Enter the emulator workaround, then FINALLY more info from Sean they were going to make people happy with a fix, but still no concrete info on it. The final injustice in all this is apparently Hello is already working on another game! Despite this 'premium' title not containing the features promised, despite its problems and unfinished feel, they've used my money to move on. I feel cheated. The game doesn't deliver on what it was promised - it feels more like a sandbox or alpha game, incomplete, than a $60 title. You hunt around and salvage parts to repair your ship after being stranded on a planet, attune to a mysterious stone, maybe encounter an alien or two, and then go to a station to sell. There are so few NPCs that it feels the place isn't populated. You should get nudged for a mission that will grant you a hyperdrive, (I haven't yet), but if you pre-ordered you already have one, so it doesn't make sense. I repaired my ship, found a trader on the planet I was on, then found a station off planet and interacted with a device in the wall and sold some ore... and then what? Your cargo bay is small, stacks are 250, there is no inventory and no direction. It looks okay - I mean procedurally generated terrain is fine and all, but I can't play it. I don't mind open world games like Skyrim - there you have content, quests, NPCs, etc., but No Man's Sky doesn't have any of that feel. It is a boring game with poor support at an expensive price and I cannot recommend it, despite the fact I try my hardest to support small studios.
gen-X	Not Recommended	14.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197962065193/	It is not worth the price. Wait until it costs about $20. Then you maybe enjoy this early access alpha thing. It is not deep at any time. After maybe 5 hrs you saw EVERYTHING the game can deliver. I repeat: EVERYTHING. Thats crazy! Worst buy ever on steam for me.Hello Games: ♥♥♥♥ you, I want my money back!
martemyota	Not Recommended	11.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198031672915/	No. i wouldnt even pay 30$ for this game let alone the rip off of 60$
Mr. Miyagi	Not Recommended	11.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/enderlord01/	First of all, GIVE ME A GOD DAMN REFUND STEAM, LIKE 8 OF THE HOURS I HAVE ON THE GAME IT WAS MINIMIZED WHILE I WAITED FOR IT TO ♥♥♥♥ING RECOVER.Why the Game Sucks:- the game sucks- gameplay demos were faked- sean lied- sean lied again- seriously sean its not funny stop- "procedural generation" makes everything look the same after about 45 mins of flying around- there's ♥♥♥♥ing nothing at the center except dissapointment- giant space stations have 2 small rooms and 1 big room with nothing in it- ships are all the same except looks- if you want a cool looking ship you have to shoot at a rock for literally 20 mins- $60...                  ...jesus...- crashes constantly and dosen't save progress- load time about 7 mins for me, have a decent PC- 18 quintillion planets of repetition- sean: there's multiplayer- sean: wait no there's no multiplayer- sean: we never said there was multiplayer- sean: so how's the multiplayer? good right?- other people are invisible in multiplayer- I fell through the floor like 20 times- giant epic space battles: aka spinning a circle while holding down lmb- textures are terrible- lighting is terrible- models are terrible- animation is terrible- AI is terrible- The standard Steam refund policy applies to No Man's Sky. There are no special exemptions available.      Click here for more detail on the Steam refund policy.- EVE: Online is going F2P in november- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A8P2CZg3sJQ 
Xigamaz	Not Recommended	28.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Xigamaz/	After 24 hours and following the path of Atlas to completion, my only reward is a broken warp drive and a broken dream.♥♥♥♥ you Sean Murray.
Hellfire	Not Recommended	67.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/hellfire_/	A fair portion of the game is missing, based on what was provably claimed to be the feature set. There is no indication whatsoever that this was anything but intentional. The complete lack of contrition or any resemblance of empathy for the huge portion of people who feel cheated is staggering.The core gameplay loop doesn't change through the entirety of the game after the starter planet. Play for an hour, explore the place and you've literally seen 100% of what the game has to offer. The only differences are palette-swapped planets populated by random abominations. Ship anything is a steaming garbage fire. Even with a mod that improves planetary flight it's still absolutely terrible. The space combat doesn't even rate as a bad joke. I wasn't expecting Elite Dangerous or anything, but this is honestly just sad. Inventory management is just ridiculous. If there was more than five minutes spent on the entire inventory/upgrade system I would be both surprised and astonished. It's the kind of shallow, simplistic annoyance you find in a mobi or web game. Not a $60 "AAA" title.Not for nothing, but if you talk about features on the Tonight Show, you probably should at least pretend to have them in the game.Edit: There is no special Steam refund circumstances. If you were dumb enough to put more than two hours in under the false assumption that it gets better, you're out $60. Lesson learned -- never pre-order!If HelloGames hasn't completely abandoned the game as a hype-train cash-grab it might be worth trying again in a year. Until then, run away. Run far, far away.
Rabbit	Not Recommended	54.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/wordofrabbit/	No Man's Sky became repetitive and boring within the first couple hours, and frankly I feel as if I've seen everything it has to offer within the first few hours. There's simply nothing to do here--it's the lack of direction from a game like Minecraft, but with none of the features to back up its directionless gameplay.Which is what this really boils down to: this isn't a game, it's a walk around and look at things simulator.
O Dogão É Mau	Not Recommended	2.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/odogmau/	Game crashed every time I was about to do or find something new and exciting. Maybe worth reattempt to play after it comes out of beta version, because that's what it is now.
grassy49	Not Recommended	227.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197972358009/	Thank you Steam for giving me a refund on this game, it need major patch work and a lower price $30
SuperAriel x3	Not Recommended	35.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197988378281/	Exploration game with nothing to explore.
Kiuper	Not Recommended	43.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/JxvA/	Did you get to the center, did you expect something other than  NOTHING I hope not.  
gorr045	Not Recommended	185.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197970546058/	This Game Is crap,I'm ashamed to be the same nationality as the ripoff merchant who thought this one up.£39.99 DO NOT BUY IT
Buuddhaahaa	Not Recommended	21.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198043653590/	Just not worth $66. Maybe $10 max. 18 hrs in, gets very...very repetitive. Unless they add new features, I don't recommend this $66 game.
Nuclear_Tsunami	Not Recommended	43.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198027543296/	Kept playing because I thought I would find some of the features that were promised.  But, its just a big dissapointment.  They didn't provide a lot of the gameplay features they said they would and there is literally nothing to do in the game other than explore and manage your inventory.  The exploration is lackluster as well, you'll never find anything unique or exciting or that advances your game, etc.
RancherStriker	Not Recommended	41.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/dstriker/	It's a game about walking the same kind of terrain, with different recolors. And animals assembled randomly.VERY bad game, fell for the hype, paid for it. Now my hope is to just wait to see if Hello Games do something or just cash out.In the meantime, never buying any other game made by them. Looking for the developers of this piece of trash in order to not buy ANYTHING made by them.
Likwid Sun	Not Recommended	33.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198187169277/	LIES LIES LIES and more.............. LIES!!!!!! nothing else to say about this game. Sean Murray should be launched into space with no spacesuit and Hello Games needs to be destroyed by Godzilla. Nuff Said!
grassy49	Not Recommended	227.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197972358009/	Thank you Steam for giving me a refund on this game, it need major patch work and a lower price $30
GilbertPrussiaRPG	Not Recommended	6.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198095323016/	I don't write many reviews, and this would be one of them. The games have to have a very big impact for me to have a comment about them, and this is one that had a very negative impact.No Man's Sky. When I saw the trailer six months ago, I was estatic. When I saw footage of the gameplay that Hello Games promised, I was filled with such excitement and hype that I wished the game was out at that very moment. I waited, patiently, for the first release date, June 21st. And waited. And just before it was about to be released, the date was pushed back. Uh oh. By then, I had already heard news about some issues the developers were having, and I thought, "Okay, it still is going to be a good game.. It just, needs some work!" and when it was released on August 9th, I downloaded it very quickly.The presentation was nice. I'll give Hello Games that. They promised a multitude of things. True multiplayer, for one, was a very large letdown. There is no social interaction on any planet at all, other than the creatures you may discover, and the NPC trading ships flying about occasionally. Classes were to be treated as a sole profession. That, say you wanted to be a pirate. Fly around and plunder space. Well you still need to go down to a planet to gather resources to repair and fly your ship. You don't have your own true, customizable experience in-game.You were promised you could discover ships, and name them, and that there were different kinds of ships that were built for exploration, or speed. Well I can tell you firsthand that isn't the case. Speed in this game seems almost irrelevant.Factions. This was a huge part of the game I was looking forward to. It was promised that, as we watched two warring factions duke it out in some of the YouTube teaser videos, that we could "join in" and "take sides". Factions exist. But not at that grand of a scale. You don't get a massive reward for helping out some pirates, or perhaps saving a massive cargo ship from destruction, other than some resources you get for destroying them. There is no way to have a hateful faction against you in this game, and increasing your standing is just a "feel good" text, that really doesn't have any effect.Complex crafting. Murray told the people "we're just letting players loose, and, a little bit like Minecraft, people can figure out those rules for themselves." Nowhere near close to true. Murray said, "When we release the game, we're not telling people 'here are all the formulas." I'm not one for accusation, but each crafting "recipe" is told by the game what resource you need, and finding it is really... abundant. There is no sort of Minecraft feel to it at all, unless you are talking about being able to destroy the rocks with a grenade. Sure, it's a different sort of take on crafting, but it really seems like Hello Games took after Destiny. They created such a large hype for such a low, undermade game. I don't like games like this, and this will definintely make me think a loooong time before ever pre-ordering again. 4 hours of this game, and I haven't fully explored one planet yet. I haven't even used the hyperdrive. Because I know what this game is going to be like. One planet after the next. Flying every so often, landing, fueling up, discovering some things, and then taking off once more, going to yet another planet, and somehow, eventually, making your way to the center of the universe. There is no real goal in this game. There is no enjoyment. Not for someone like me.http://www.ibtimes.com/no-mans-sky-5-awesome-features-were-removed-ps4pc-game-release-2403324 (This link was helpful in making this review.)
O Dogão É Mau	Not Recommended	2.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/odogmau/	Game crashed every time I was about to do or find something new and exciting. Maybe worth reattempt to play after it comes out of beta version, because that's what it is now.
Canada Dry	Not Recommended	26.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198127049242/	It was fun for the first two or three hours and i kept pushing to see if it got better.. And it didnt. Literally the same game with no more than very slight changes. Good game for 20 or under but not anywhere near a AAA title price
Torbinator	Not Recommended	13.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/torbinator/	REFUND
Demoney	Not Recommended	27.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/demoney1337/	No man's sky? One mans lie."As wide as an ocean, but has the depth of a puddle".I kept hoping that maybe it will get better, maybe it's actually so vast that nobody has actually seen the things that were shown to us this game would have. Turns out we were just lied to. The only game I have EVER requested a refund on.
Foboz	Not Recommended	22.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/foboz7/	I was looking forward to this for years, but I really don't think this is the game that they promised us. I don't know if its Sony's fault, or Hello Game's, but this isn't even remotely close to what they've advertised on E3. I am thinking that they might add some features as paid DLCs, but that's not the way. Pretty boring game with no goal or purpose. PC release is a poor console port. I'm really dissapointed with NMS.
indiegamer420	Not Recommended	108.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198287739708/	just take your sixty dollars and go to the strip club... it will be more intertaining and last longer, as well as being more rememmberable.
Qube	Not Recommended	47.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198003841162/	Gets very repetetive and lack content. Seen one planet seen them all( and thats something when there is 18 quintillion planets that are really just the same).
Sulaco	Not Recommended	44.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198113089332/	At $29.99 I could have maybe stomached this, at $19.99 it would have felt alright but $69 is way too much for what amounts to an empty, repetitive experience with no depth.Walk away and spend your money on something better than this.Not worth the money, absolutely not worth the time.
Попробуйте сказа	Not Recommended	0.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Memerise/	This game is terrible!
Heggs	Not Recommended	62.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198017271111/	Pros: First of its kind procedurally generated game. Cons: First of its kind procedurally generated game.Conclusion: Wait to buy, if ever. The game being sold is not the game in the above videos. It might get to that point once the devs get back from the vacations made possible by all the money they♥♥♥♥♥♥♥us for. But until then, it's a definite Wait to Buy.  
Zouking™	Not Recommended	40.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/rohalabi/	I would refund if I could
Aether	Not Recommended	17.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197970534041/	"an inch deep and a mile wide" is an English idiom to represent an experience that appears vast and expansive, covering lots of topics and concepts, but ultimately turns out to cover those concepts as thinly and as minimally as possible.This is perhaps the best analogy for this game. There are derpteen quadrillion planets, but they basically all look about the same. There are herptillon species of animals, vegitables and minerals, but they all boil down to the plants with iron or the plants with carbon, the indifferent or agressive animals, and the red rocks for fuel or the blue rocks with silicas. There are 6 factions and two quest lines, but the factions never interact with eachother or act differently to you, and the two quest lines are find all the libraries or go to the center of the galaxy for no apparent reason. All of the procedural generation and expansive universe are hiding barely 2 game mechanics and just enough interesting vistas to keep you strung along for a while. It takes a while to figure it out, but there’s barely enough game here to wet your toes in. 
😈 𝐇𝐨𝐯𝐚𝐜 😇	Recommended	41.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/hovacone/	This is an Update Review: (11/8/2018)Well Well Well look at Pinocchio finally listened to his Jiminy cricket and became a good game developer.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rUdA54Xk8cgFirst of all, I greatly appreciate that he (Sean Murray) and his team did not quit the game and move on as so many other developers have done, he stuck his ground and "Made This Game Great Again".Thank you for adding the main quest storyline or a purpose to explore this universe.I have played this game so many hours now and still, I am not bored of it and there is still a lot to do, all that he promised has been given and much more, I am enjoying the exploration, the collection of materials, the planet base building and hopping from planet to another to explore and build.I extremely happy how all the planets look so good very fresh and the alien animals are much better not great but good.I was surprised that I could change my character and do a lot of customization with the many Shapes, Faces, and Colors. I loved that made it more personal to me. Also, the ships & the weapons this time around are a wow I am loving it and seeing a variety of classes and upgrades thumbs up for that. (I wish we can customize those that would seal the deal for me)I am now able to see more aliens (NPCs), to talk too which is great.I an enjoying the base building already made 2 one small at the beginning of the game and the other is large, it's wonderful that I am able to change and customize the colors of everything from the floor, the wall, the steps and even the machines and much more great job on that.Thank you for adding this stargate system you find on space stations then you can build yourself one in your base or anywhere else to move around the universe I liked that a lot.I am still playing it to get some land vehicles and some freighters soon.I did a little of space combat its okay but let's see when I move more in the game.I did not go into multiplayer yet but I sow some streams that looked awesome, I am enjoying it more as a solo player more fun for me for now.However, there are some bugs but I guess they will fix it, it is not a game breaker yet for me.After playing this game again I have to change my status on this game as RECOMMENDED its well deserved, now its a must buy.Thank you all enjoy your day___________________________________________________________________(Posted: 26 Nov, 2016)Hi everyone I have decided to Nominate (NO Man’s Sky) for a new steam award category that I have crerated for them.The "Pinocchio - I've got no strings " AwardI think they deserve this award they are the best Pinocchio ever on this entire planet of ours.If you agree please nominate them for this steam award they deserve it. See This link for the Pinocchio - I've got no strings songhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iAykOz1gWi4and please check out my Youtube channel for the no mans sky playlist gameplayhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R9mNFhneetI&index=6&list=PL6SSkFqkg_mXDoo8cgKqSQ5KDD1JMuODY Love You All Hovac 
ELEMENTAL AUTISM	Not Recommended	79.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198016814054/	This game is trash. It does not work at all. 1-10 ( Worked fine for about 14 hours of game time then for no reason whatsoever it just decides to drop to 2 fps in the loading screen. In my opinion, if you are even going to attempt to make a game then at least make sure the player can actually play your game whenever they want...Without game breaking issues. I know games are hard to make, I'm making one myself with rpg maker mv. But seriously Hello Games. For your first throw into the gaming industry I think you should have given this a lot more effort. With Star Citezen's recent game footage, NMS is looking like a pretty heavy fail in the long run. Unless efforts are made to deliver the product promised before launch, I don't think anyone will ever change their opinion of this highly ambitious title. And ambition can be dangerous when it comes to development.
Zotie	Not Recommended	37.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/hehexdfunny/	The developers scammed us...
datamata	Recommended	1,367.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198016658890/	The game has really come a long way. I played the first release version again recently and it really is such a hugh difference.The game now is much tigher,  the graphics are superb, the story line is slowly getting there, and the overall framerate problems are pretty much gone.  If you have a decent graphics card, the game really looks gorgeous from the way the NPCs race charactrers look,  to the terrain, to the outer space experience..  Also, the planet generation and biomes are pretty awesome now.   I was very disappointed when the game came out, but it really is a different game now and I recommend giving it another try.   I also commend the team for not just throwing their hands up and saying the heck with it.  They really do show a commitment and love for the game.  Of course, Gareth Bourn, the creator of the game, is not a great spokesperson and I think we all acknowledge that, but he's trying to improve so props to him for trying.
Matthew McConaughey	Recommended	106.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198018654894/	I've got memories of playing games like this when I was a kid. At this point in time, with a couple solid content updates under it's belt, No Man's Sky reminds me most of a game called Freelancer. I bought Freelancer many years ago at an Office Max for the price of $10. Back then, I was totally unaware of the hype culture surrounding Freelancer, so when I played it I had no expectations and no context for what I later learned was a dissapointment of a game for many, Without all that, Freelancer was one of my favorite games. I sunk dozens of hours into it after school, exploring the galaxy, getting into dog fights, trading, and performing missions. In retrospect, Freelancer probably wasn't as good as I remember it being. Thinking about it now though, even knowing that it can't match the memories, I have an urge to install it and play more. It was my first taste of the fantastical freedom that video games could offer.Had I known about the troubled development of Freelancer, maybe I wouldn't have bought so hard into the hype for No Man's Sky. Rewatching the promotional material, it's obvious to see the cracks in Sean Murray's passionate extolling of his baby. Looking back, I can see that No Man's Sky was never meant to be what it was sold as, it was the dream of an indie team and nothing more or less. Unfortunately, that dream was corrupted, pimped out, and sold for $60 on launch.Had I not bought so strongly into the hype, and had I not spent 60 of my hard earned dollars, I would have been satisfied with what I got. But, now, replaying it a year and a half later, I see the vision the developers had for the game becoming reality. With the pain of betrayal and a decent chunk of money gone, I can peek behind the product and see the dream. And I really ♥♥♥♥ing like it.Don't get me wrong, $60 for this game is absurd. It's not worth $60. It's also not worth $15. No Man's Sky is in the rarely seen category of having vast potential, but not fulfilling it. The game is broad as an ocean, but deep as a glass of water. No mechanic is intentionally deep, though some poor design choices sometimes make things more difficult than they need to be. But, all of those mechanics are entertaining.No Man's Sky was, and continues to be a disappointment if you look at it through the lens of the marketing. If you look at it with a clean slate, with no context, with the attitude of a boy with a bit of cash inhis pocket, this game is a dream come true. There's worlds you can explore, exen if they're all similar to an extent, there's animals to discover, even if they too fall into a limited box of variety, and there's ancient secrets to discover, even if the discoveries are often underwhelming.The real value of No Man's Sky is hard to calculate. A real passion was put into this game, but that passion was perverted at some point and used to present this game as something it's not. The passion alone is apparent in many aspects of this game, but it didn't completely translate to software. The game itself can stand sturdily on it's own merits, but again that foundation has been eaten away by termites. $10 is an absolute steal, $20 is great value, $30 is a decent price, $40 is something I'd pay, and $50+ is not reasonable. In all honesty, this game doesn't have a wide appeal. The dogfights are often clunky, there's too much weight to movements, and the FOV doesn't allow for good spatial awareness. However, there's a real, true, genuinely fun experience to be had here. If you're like me and found a deep love of games like Freelancer, without the baggage of hype. If you remember this game's release, but didn't follwo the hype. Even if you think you might be remotely interested in this sort of thing; you should get this game.You should get this game.Really, what I'm doing here is not reviewing the mechanics, gameplay, graphical quality, or the story. I'm reviewing the feeling of the game. It gives me a wonderful nostalgic peaceful feeling to play this game. It gives me an oportunity to re-experience fond memories of a fantasy science fiction world.Hello games birthed a dissapointment into the world, but from what I can see, they've done a damn good job of making that dissapointing baby grow up into a fundamentally pleasant person. I'm sure there's an absolute ton of reviews going over every other aspect of this game, and you should absolutely look at those. But, just remember, to really enjoy this game you need to ignore the hype and buy it on sale.To address my largest concern with the game: It's a grind. You're constantly required to do some kind of busywork to keep yourself alive, and keep yourself spacebound. However, there is always a path to minimizing these annoyances. Perservere through the first few tough hours, and qality of life will improve. It's a game like runescape, in that you need to constantly be aware of a goal, and that goal will require effort to achieve, but once you finaly make it, it feels good, and has an obvious reward.I don't love this game, But, respect the love put in, the effort to follow through, and really really like it.On an emotional scale of 1-10, with 10 being absolute infatuation and 5 as an average, I give this an 8.5/10.On an objective mechanics scale of 1-10, with the same criteria as above, I give this a 6/10.I think you should buy this game, at whatever sale price you think is appropriate, and I think you should definitely forget the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t marketing hype train. Give it a chance with a clean slate and I think you'll have an at least pleasant time.
FailCake xㅅO	Not Recommended	2.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/edunad/	Eh, after playing 3 hours, it got pretty boring... i would wait for it to be discounted.
Spider-Man	Not Recommended	28.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/gusbuzz/	Dont waste 60 bucks on this crap, trailers lie and its missing a bunch of promissed features!
imghost12	Recommended	180.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198239298992/	I'm incredibly impressed with Hello Games right now. They have done what very few studios do. Despite it's enourmous flop at launch; They have, rather than just quietly distancing themselves from this game like many studios would've done, continued to pour more and more effort into this game. It's even even getting good now; Thanks to the huge amount of effort on Hello Games part. If you are one of the many that refunded this game shortly after launch then please give this game a second chance, give it a go again and just see how much it improved since launch and reconsider wether or not this game and the amounts of dedication being put into it are worth your money now.
Azzy	Not Recommended	45.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197986206942/	It's sad that the developers lied about the content of the game . I played it a good bit . Stayed in the first universe for a long time getting my suit and ship upgraded thinking that was the only thing about the game I didn't like was the poor inventory . Unfortunately that made my game time go up to much for a refund . Beyond the initial universe there is no reason to explore further . The wonder of new animals , planets , and aliens goes away when the scripting reuses itself almost immediately. And have fun resetting the game every 10 mins to do away with the mountains of issues . For me the biggest being a sudden slow motion effect leaving you to crawl to a saving point for a few minutes before alt f4 spamming and reloading the game . There's withheld content , presumably for a dlc you have to buy separate  , and the no loading screen thing is very cute .. Instead you get a color screen with no loading bar . Also the preorder ship made it so I couldn't even experience the atlas path .. So there goes the only story the game had to offer .. Not that I missed much I hear . Makes me sick that again game developers would let big money like Sony push(/rush) their small impressive project to the 60$ main title market and only have lies to back up what they where offering .
Maximus	Not Recommended	82.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TheRealDubking/	repetitive.
Yellow Caribou	Not Recommended	3.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198016396106/	Not really much to say. Sean Murray flat-out lied about 99% of the features in the game, right up until even a month before release. This type of behavior should be illegal as it constitutes fraud. He made claims, not hints or allusions to things, but claims on national television of things that the game had that was nothing but complete, flat-faced lies. 
Sapples	Not Recommended	5.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mcsapp/	how the hell is this still $60? this would be a fantastic $20 game
Rosetta Stoned	Not Recommended	23.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/deadendurbanzero/	Alright, now I've only ever written a review for Life Is Strange. That game absolutely deserved it, and so does NMS, but for the exact opposite reason.Look, I enjoy the game, and I like the idea, but jesus christ this is just pathetic, and I can't recommend it to anyone in its current state. It's playable, and has its fun moments, but really I wouldn't buy it unless you're dead set on it, in which a review wont change your mind. Definitely not for the price it's at either.It's a space exploration game, but I have absolutely no desire to be in space or even in my ship. The controls for flying are HORRIBLE, the ship speeds are ♥♥♥♥ing annoying (basically like 1mph, 5mph, and 100mph), and space battles just♥♥♥♥♥♥me off and I can't imagine anyone finding them even the least bit fun. If you're flying in pulse mode (basically planet to planet warp speed) and hostile ships detect your "rare items" (you can literally have nothing in your inventories and they'll still detect you...), it tears you out of pulse mode and forces you to fight them. You can't re-enter pulse or warp away to escape, and can't travel fast enough to ever escape unless you happen to be close enough to a planet or space station. Then with the pathetic controls, if there's a handful of ships attacking you you're basically screwed because they can somehow fly much faster than you and it's extremely difficult to even hit one. Oh, and your shield depletes way too quick and you have to sort through menus in real time to recharge it, with elements you either don't have or can't find in space, only on land. So you have no choice but to die basically.And that happens a lot if you spend time in space.Also I have a very highly upgraded ship that was like 47 million credits that has 46 inventory slots, so good luck with any ship.So that leaves running around on planets as the only "chill, relaxing" thing to do basically. Which I actually enjoy. Really, that part of the game is fun. However, there's a few things there that♥♥♥♥♥♥me off as well.1. Literally every planet is inhabited. (Probably by other players too if you could actually see them) Theres some sort of sign of civilization every couple minutes of walking distance in every direction. Which is fine in terms of playing, it gives me something to head for and explore rather than just walking around on the dull landscapes. But when it's supposed to feel like you're exploring new territory, planets being overrun with shelters, trade stations, monoliths, etc. ruin that narrative.2. About 95% of the planets I've visited have been some sort of barren hazardous bull♥♥♥♥♥♥ Whether it's ice, radiation, heat, or poison, it's literally all the same. I have to run indoors or shoot my own shelter in a hill every 10-20 seconds to keep my hazard support from running out. That's not fun, that's just annoying and it makes me go to a different planet. And the nice planets I have found that I do want to explore are devoid of anything worth exploring. There's never any rare resources, hardly even any animals, and again I just go and find another planet.3. Sentries are a decent concept, but honestly they should be removed completely. Again, it ruins that whole "discovering planets for the first time" thing, and they do nothing but prevent me from doing what the game says I'm supposed to do. 4. When discount GLADoS from portal says "incoming storm", you have straight up zero time to get anywhere. The storm hits as soon as it finishes warning you.5. I like the idea of unique animals, but they could have actually just dedicated a couple weeks to designing the animals themselves so that they make sense, because most just look stupid. I don't care if that means theres only a few thousand animals versus however many there are, it would look better that way. An extension of that, some of the ships are ridiculous as well, but I am glad that inventory space is not related to size of the ship because I wanted a small ship not two sideways grain silos with a cockpit thrown on top.6. Even though every planet is unique, it all seems the same. There's basically a handful of environments that all look and interact the same, the only difference is the shape of the landscape and where things are.Really though, it is a bit of fun and it's worth trying, but not at 60 dollars. They have a lot of work to do to make this even a good game, and I do look foward to the updates they'll apparently be making (if they try to make any of it paid DLC though I wouldn't be suprised if they have to change their names and move to remote locations).Bottom line is, don't expect to be blown away or even impressed, but it's a nice concept and might eventually evolve into something worth half its price.
ASB	Recommended	52.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198239101082/	Amazing after the update. Dont. Stop. Updating.
IsRuMe	Not Recommended	13.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198034307099/	As for right now. It's impressive. The game is massive and nobody is going to explore it all by themselves. I've never tried harder to like a game in my life. I hopped on the hype train at their e3 trailer. I knew this game would be someting else, and it most defenitly was.The sense of direction they've given you is very minor, almost non existant. You mine some stuff. get rid of some stuff to mine more stuff. Bring it to your ship and off you go to another planet. There's no building you can do, you can't inhabit a planet. You're lost. you have a ship and whatever you can find to survive. Good parts about this game, though.-Amazing soundtrack.-You won't do much/any backtracking- Can prove a challenge- Freaking MASSIVEBad parts-Not for everyone- Hype train ruined what was supposed to be a small exploration game- Repetitive- Planets are re-skinned and the animals ARE NOT what you see in the trailer.All in all the game isn't bad, but isn't great. There are multiple games i would reccomend before No Mans Sky. This is also not worth the 60 dollars. 30 would be a reasonable price range.
[UED] TerminatorSkyNET	Not Recommended	26.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TerminatorSkyNET/	At time of this review, not in anyway worth the price of $60As 'Angry Joe' put it, its a huge shallow puddle.All the planets are procedurally generated, as are the creatures and likely the space ships.Played the game with a Skylake 6700k OC with a 980Ti G1 Gaming and it ran like a piece of s--t. Not only were the graphics in my opinion 'meh!', but there was stuttering and drop in framerates constantly, no crashes tho.Back to the game itself;Pros -- Huge Number of explorable planets- fly to other 'Planets'- fly to other 'Galaxies'Cons -- Galaxy's/solar systems are just a small 'skybox'- Space ships and their configurations are very repetitive- Space Ships are NOT upgradable, can only buy new ones.....- Resources grind fest(ever played WoW and killed 100 boars to ding, this is the same thing but no ding)- No Goals(except flying to centre of Universe with the worst ending)- No logging, by this I mean once you leave your starter planet you have no way of finding out what planet you started on.Thats about all I have currently, except this-DO NOT BUY THIS GAME IN THE CURRENT STATE! ! !
Nikkon	Not Recommended	13.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/N1kkon/	The fact that Steam had to disclaimer the fact that the normal refund policy applies tells you everything. This game went from a game I tried to defend to being a game that I believe deserves a lawsuit. Absolute disappointment. It's nice visually for a couple of hours but once you realize every planet has the same planets, the same minerals, and all you do is land, collect, take off, land, collect , repeat repeat repeat you will understand the frustration. There are about 5 different alien npc's in 3 races. Every space station looks EXACTLY the same, and there's no point to having infinite planets if there's 6 different kinds that feel the same. Awesome concept, but HORRIBLY executed. Please save your money.
BluePixel |• NBD	Not Recommended	13.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/BluePixel/	This game made me realize how bad Steam Support is.Don't buy this game, and if you do, don't don't expect to get your money after you try this game and realise what's it really is.
ze_fox	Not Recommended	36.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197986425557/	very disappointed with the game and it will probably take years to get to the level of promises they made.....I tried to avoid reviews and gameplay before launch to make the experience special but after 2 hours the whole game starts to fall apart!
Pixeldroid	Not Recommended	150.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/pixeldroid/	I really tried to get into it, I gave it 70hrs but I just can't do it anymore. It's just so incredibly boring and nothing ever really happens. None of the lore is very interesting or intriguing and the supposed AI is sevearly lacking as far as the creatures and pretty much everything else goes for that matter. Sadly I cannot refund this game at this point, I have very little hope for it ever being improved with updates. Not wasting my time with it anymore, definitely buy something else for the current price point.
Fukboi McNasty	Not Recommended	28.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198041001024/	I watched my friend stream it and decided i should buy it. Little did i know that i had watched everything there is about this game. Procedural generation is the only real feature of this game to keep you playing since there isn't much to do in this game besides explore. Yet exploring becomes mundane as all the fauna, flora, and landscapes are nearly identical. There is no possiblility of finding unique geographical structures akin to Mount Everest. Although this game was very pretty and had interesting mechanics i felt that between the features that were promised and my actual gameplay there is a lot of work to do. It isn't very enjoyable for $60. You'll be lucky to get as many hours as i did before you discover everything you need to know about this game.
Dr Mike	Not Recommended	41.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/drmikenz/	Slow, repetitive grindfest "survival" exploration game with procedurally generated lack of content.
The low flying eagle	Not Recommended	13.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198087686301/	Please do not buy this game, as it is a money making sceme. You will find very little of the promised content in this game. Rather spend your money on something that is not a total joke.
BluePixel |• NBD	Not Recommended	13.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/BluePixel/	This game made me realize how bad Steam Support is.Don't buy this game, and if you do, don't don't expect to get your money after you try this game and realise what's it really is.
ze_fox	Not Recommended	36.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197986425557/	very disappointed with the game and it will probably take years to get to the level of promises they made.....I tried to avoid reviews and gameplay before launch to make the experience special but after 2 hours the whole game starts to fall apart!
Nikkon	Not Recommended	13.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/N1kkon/	The fact that Steam had to disclaimer the fact that the normal refund policy applies tells you everything. This game went from a game I tried to defend to being a game that I believe deserves a lawsuit. Absolute disappointment. It's nice visually for a couple of hours but once you realize every planet has the same planets, the same minerals, and all you do is land, collect, take off, land, collect , repeat repeat repeat you will understand the frustration. There are about 5 different alien npc's in 3 races. Every space station looks EXACTLY the same, and there's no point to having infinite planets if there's 6 different kinds that feel the same. Awesome concept, but HORRIBLY executed. Please save your money.
KFC Employee	Not Recommended	30.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198064803680/	Well this was one of the most barebones game i ever pre-ordered, i do admit i was in the hype train but this is ridiculously so empty compared to other 60$ games, this is the worst one yet.What we were told and promised is in the game but is one of the most insulting and most over simpliefied promise i had ever expereinced with. This game should have been delayed much longer instead of shoveling out a half done alpha of a game. Yes i did played it for 29hrs but like most people I thought it will get better through progression and exploration, but nope it just gave me a massive middle finger infront of my face every time i warp into another solar system, or i scan something new, or even buy a new spaceship only realizing this is the same crap over and over again and there isn't much to do.I would ONLY recommend this game if is SUPER heavily discounted (less than 15$) or to make the true promised features come alive from the lack of current content through updates and patches, but that will be very unlikely to arise through the coming weeks or even months.
Butch DeLoria	Not Recommended	63.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Butch454/	Do not get this game. it was terribly overhyped and many promises about it the devs didnt go though with.
Pylinaer	Not Recommended	222.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/pylinaer/	Unfortunately, I still have to say that I do not recommend this game. They were going in the right direction. They have added multiplayer, which is nice, though I haven't really tested it. Before the update, whenever someone else was in the same planet or had left a monument, the game would lag like crazy, only achieving 30FPS max, even when you left the system. Hopefully, that was fixed, but I do not know.Now on to why I really don't recommend this game. Originally it was pretty grindy already. Unfortunately, they turned the grind up even more. I tried playing it for a bit just today and got bored because everything takes a bunch of time and resources. Need a certain resource? chances are you'll have to refine it. Which takes time. Want to upgrade your backpack? Not only do you have to find the upgraders on the planet, you have to fix them now instead of paying credits.It did not help too that they basically restructured almost every single system in the game. Ship upgrades, exosuit upgrades, weapon upgrades, crafting, gatherable elements, bases, planets, etc. Which means if you had a save already, it might almost be better to restart. Almost like a data wipe for early access. Now, of course, you have to grind out a specific currency called Nanites twhich you get from interacting with different items to get back to where you were. They also tuned up the graphics, which would be nice if I could turn more stuff off. It was a resource hog already, and tuning up the graphics only made it worse. I'm running low and it's still taxing.Lastly, how sentinels spawn now is immensely annoying. They spawn out of the ground at seemingly random times just off the side of your screen. And while they are within range, even if they aren't angry at you, you'll have a white reticle pointing to where they are. Honestly, if they aren't readying  up to attack me, I really couldn't care where they are. So overall, I just don't think it's worth the grind. I wanted an upgrade from the previous version. What I got I feel like was the opposite. Rather than being interested in playing the game, it feels bland, boring, and like a chore. Previous ReviewWith the update they pushed out late November, things have gotten quite a bit better. Planets now actually look different than just tan/brown balls with some highlights when you get close. I actually came across a completely snow covered planet with colorful fauna like I expected from the pre-release video.They also added a few new modes, Survival and Creative. I haven't played creative yet, but that would be useful if you just want to build a cool base. (I may do it to see if I can link two planets. Survival is pretty difficult. It is harder than normal and you have to keep watch over your resources and vitals carefully. It took me about an hour and a half to get to my ship. Expect to punch a bunch of rocks and walk alot as running and jumping eat suit resources like crazy. Also, staying out in space is a bad idea, I had barely any goods on my ship worth selling and 4 pirates showed up to ruin my day.I haven't done much for base building, but there is content there for that as well. In order to completely upgrade your base you will have to find the resources for it. I only build 3 modules, so I don't know much about it. Also, Frieghters cost about 2-3 Million for a basic one.Overall, it's progress, and I'm glad Hello Games is still sticking behind the game. I've seen the reviews percentage increase from 20% positive overall to 31% overall, which is substantial when it has 80k+ reviews. However, I still do not believe it offers enough content to justify a $60 price-point. Better than before, but still not enough.Previous Previous Review:It is with a heavy heart that I choose to not recommend this game. It had looked cool in all the pre-release videos. I stuck with it while it had a shaky start, as most games do. Unfortunately, after stepping back and looking at it. This isn't a full game. It's more like an alpha or beta product. For $60, I cannot recommend this product in this state. Perhaps if and when they add the content missing from what I would consider the full game, I can recommend the game, but until then, I suggest looking for a different game to scratch your space-sim itch. This just does not have the content.
landsfiskalen	Not Recommended	24.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198032093691/	Fun for the first few hours but it quickly gets repetitive.
Pylinaer	Not Recommended	222.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/pylinaer/	Unfortunately, I still have to say that I do not recommend this game. They were going in the right direction. They have added multiplayer, which is nice, though I haven't really tested it. Before the update, whenever someone else was in the same planet or had left a monument, the game would lag like crazy, only achieving 30FPS max, even when you left the system. Hopefully, that was fixed, but I do not know.Now on to why I really don't recommend this game. Originally it was pretty grindy already. Unfortunately, they turned the grind up even more. I tried playing it for a bit just today and got bored because everything takes a bunch of time and resources. Need a certain resource? chances are you'll have to refine it. Which takes time. Want to upgrade your backpack? Not only do you have to find the upgraders on the planet, you have to fix them now instead of paying credits.It did not help too that they basically restructured almost every single system in the game. Ship upgrades, exosuit upgrades, weapon upgrades, crafting, gatherable elements, bases, planets, etc. Which means if you had a save already, it might almost be better to restart. Almost like a data wipe for early access. Now, of course, you have to grind out a specific currency called Nanites twhich you get from interacting with different items to get back to where you were. They also tuned up the graphics, which would be nice if I could turn more stuff off. It was a resource hog already, and tuning up the graphics only made it worse. I'm running low and it's still taxing.Lastly, how sentinels spawn now is immensely annoying. They spawn out of the ground at seemingly random times just off the side of your screen. And while they are within range, even if they aren't angry at you, you'll have a white reticle pointing to where they are. Honestly, if they aren't readying  up to attack me, I really couldn't care where they are. So overall, I just don't think it's worth the grind. I wanted an upgrade from the previous version. What I got I feel like was the opposite. Rather than being interested in playing the game, it feels bland, boring, and like a chore. Previous ReviewWith the update they pushed out late November, things have gotten quite a bit better. Planets now actually look different than just tan/brown balls with some highlights when you get close. I actually came across a completely snow covered planet with colorful fauna like I expected from the pre-release video.They also added a few new modes, Survival and Creative. I haven't played creative yet, but that would be useful if you just want to build a cool base. (I may do it to see if I can link two planets. Survival is pretty difficult. It is harder than normal and you have to keep watch over your resources and vitals carefully. It took me about an hour and a half to get to my ship. Expect to punch a bunch of rocks and walk alot as running and jumping eat suit resources like crazy. Also, staying out in space is a bad idea, I had barely any goods on my ship worth selling and 4 pirates showed up to ruin my day.I haven't done much for base building, but there is content there for that as well. In order to completely upgrade your base you will have to find the resources for it. I only build 3 modules, so I don't know much about it. Also, Frieghters cost about 2-3 Million for a basic one.Overall, it's progress, and I'm glad Hello Games is still sticking behind the game. I've seen the reviews percentage increase from 20% positive overall to 31% overall, which is substantial when it has 80k+ reviews. However, I still do not believe it offers enough content to justify a $60 price-point. Better than before, but still not enough.Previous Previous Review:It is with a heavy heart that I choose to not recommend this game. It had looked cool in all the pre-release videos. I stuck with it while it had a shaky start, as most games do. Unfortunately, after stepping back and looking at it. This isn't a full game. It's more like an alpha or beta product. For $60, I cannot recommend this product in this state. Perhaps if and when they add the content missing from what I would consider the full game, I can recommend the game, but until then, I suggest looking for a different game to scratch your space-sim itch. This just does not have the content.
Tree	Not Recommended	17.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198044839075/	Complete lie of a game and waste of $60. Enough Said.
ishchuks	Not Recommended	178.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198057029518/	Should be a $20 game. This is an Alpha build and an unstable one at that. the environment consists of a 48 model environment glued to five positions. Everything is the same after couple of planets and boring... The videos and game play looked a lot like are only there for the sale pitch even Sean himself said that is edited for a richer environment. I got msi1080x and the game looks like♥♥♥♥♥♥graphically in comparison.
KemaHudson	Not Recommended	21.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198141505693/	To be honest, there is very little I could say that hasn't already been written by other reviewers. STAY AWAY. Do not even touch this game with a 100 AU pole. Sadly, my refund was denied, so I am stuck with this garbage disguised as a game.
TommyGun	Not Recommended	12.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198028670963/	1 inch deep pond.
ElBrak	Not Recommended	23.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ElBrak/	Don't buy this game unless you like doing the same thing again and again. Also that E3 2014 video is a big lie.
Snarke	Not Recommended	85.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197970886599/	See those screenshots and videos up there? Those are lies. False advertising, precisely catered assets arranged in ways you will never find them in game. It pains me to do this, but as long as they keep advertising this game with media that is not representitive of the actual game, I can't in good conscience give it a positive review.The irony of the situation is that if this game had released with no fanfare, no hype, no press, and no promises, I believe it would have been quite well recieved. Myself honestly, I am having an okay time. I paid for the game, and will get what enjoyment I can out of it. It's not a bad game after all. It's pretty chill, and every now and then I found a world that really impressed me, and I spent hours just wandering and exploring. The technology at work here is pretty impressive, and although most of the features seem to have been dumbed down considerably, it is still a worthwhile experience if the loop of harvesting and crafting for its own sake appeals to you. If only there was a bit more progression. Something to change the game up a bit. But I was mining iron and plutonium during my first hour, and 20,000 light years later I have basically all the tech and a huge ship, and I am still mostly just mining iron and plutonium. At first the creatures, despite being far less diverse and complex than promised, occasionally surprise me. However, after a dozen planets I realized I'd pretty much seen everything.Still, if this sounds like your thing, there is a lot to like here. Just keep in mind that you might get something different from what was advertised.Oh, also the current version's performance is garbage.
I use Arch BTW	Not Recommended	18.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/cadano/	I guess you could say this game was a... Hugh Mungus disappointment.
Adaera	Recommended	541.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/angrylemming/	Absolutely worth it now.I heard through the grapevine that rather than abandoning this game and sweeping it under the rug, the devs have pulled out all the stops and made it really worth playing. I took a chance, re-bought it following my refund years ago, and gave it a try.I am absolutely loving this. Still feel like I've just scratched the surface and am having a blast. The main problem I'm having is I keep getting distracted too easily by something new and shiny I come across.Downsides include a pretty clunky interface and it's still buggy in places, but I've had more than enough fun to overlook that and look forward to what's coming.
𝚊𝚛𝚝𝚒𝚌-	Not Recommended	4.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198271635804/	Sean Murray change your company to Goodbye Games
Lil Roguey	Not Recommended	24.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/a_o/	Not the same game as I watched an amazing trailer for.  So different in fact that I feel I've been sold a completely new product, once I've never seen before nor like.  I regret my purchase whole-walletedly.
gehsekky	Not Recommended	1.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/gehsekky/	This game is not worth $60. Props to the small dev team for making something as clever as they did, but it's not $60 clever. I honestly don't understand the mentality of "Give them some time. They will come out with more stuff and it will eventually be worth $60." Sorry bro, if the game's release price is $60, it should be worth $60 at release. At some point in the future, if I feel the updates are worth it, I'll probably buy it again. But for now, I refunded this garbage and have zero regrets.
Big Bamboss	Not Recommended	24.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/gunslingerpanda/	Lots of recycling plants and animals to look at, nothing to actually do. Inventory system is bad. Combat is tacked on and awful. No good.
jemimaru	Not Recommended	43.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Jemimaru/	this game is a scam
Macurban14	Not Recommended	2.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/macurban14/	Just... Don't buy it. Gets repetetive after five ♥♥♥♥ing minutes. Not worth $60 AT ALL. Well, I had better explain why this game is so bad....here goes:PROS:Uhhhhmmmmmmmmmm........Got my money back via refund I guessCONS:Literally everything about the game. Everything.Do NOT buy this game.
Meno	Not Recommended	2.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198025398929/	♥♥♥♥♥♥ game that is falsely advertised.
SirCrypt	Not Recommended	20.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/sircrypt/	Sadly, this is why you should never get hyped about video games. I got caught up in the hype and it really wasn't like it was suppose to be.
Steele	Not Recommended	5.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198072607897/	NO MAN'S LIE, that's what it should be calledThe game looked so amazing and beautiful at first but after a few hours of playtime it just dies down, when you realise that you just keep doing the same thing over and over again. And so many cool features we were promised were not even there and i'll give you a few examples-factions NOT THERE-Multiplayer NOT THERE-No paid dlc THERE WILL BE PAID DLC-desert planets NOT THERE-Attacking space fleets with factions YOU GUESSED IT, NOT THEREThe list could go on and on but im too lazy for it,so let's get down to the last problem in the game im gonna tell you about THE ENDING i was so convinced the center of the galaxy or whatever would be amazing but what do i get NOTHING, there's nothing cool there. So i paid 60€ for THIS? I can't even get a refund because i played over 2 hours but otherwise you could bet your bottom that i'd refund itFinal verdict 3/10 DON'T BUY IT
MinnesotaCommie	Not Recommended	14.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198354851254/	4/10. To be completely honest, I enjoyed this game, I really did...for the first five hours. When you first start playing, everything is so fresh and exciting, like buying a freighter or discovering a new planet.After a while it all gets incredibly repetetive and flying around space feels more like a chore than a game. Once landing on a planet, you have to spend three hours mindlessly shooting rocks and looking for plutonium just to leave so you can repeat the process on a different planet.Overall, it's a fun time-waster, but not a game to get invested in.
kurgen	Not Recommended	161.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198029583446/	Well, I've now gone (28 hours in) from defending this game to completely agreeing with many of its earlier detractors. It *is* boring as hell. It *is* mind-numbingly repetitive, both in gameplay and in the environments we're placed in. It seems extremely short-sighted in its design, from the fact that by my 10th hyper-jump, I'm already feeling like I've done it all before, and really can't be arsed doing it again, with all the resource grinding and inventory juggling required to get from one planet to the next. Some people have "joked" that this was an early-access dressed-up as full release, and that is *exactly* what it feels like. In over 30 years of buying games, I doubt I've ever felt so cheated. If anything, I suppose we should be thanking Hello Games, for putting a huge section of the gaming community on high alert for these "promise everything, deliver a sliver" deals... Once bitten, as they say.
UnshippedCorpse	Not Recommended	25.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198030456908/	I do not and will never recommend this product nor any other Hello Games product. Leave all ideas about hype and buyers remorse or whatever else people are scraping together to defend this pile of rubbish, this product was falsely advertised, a federal crime in the united states, no if's and's or but's about it, this is criminal and disgraceful and I do earnestly feel that it'd be in everyones best interest if they just refund everyone, publicly apologise, close their company and never develope another game again. The only thing more disgusting then this product is how much steam is endorcing it and condoning their activities. If I didn't have almost 200 games associated with steam, I'd cut ties with both companies.
DemonicBlaze	Not Recommended	14.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/DemonicBlaze/	Product received for free
LEYKA	Recommended	28.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Leyka/	They did not throw the game away, but instead keep working on patching the game to be better(what it supposed to be).Nowadays not many dev doing this for player even getting so many money at the start, they can easily runaway with the money.
Bimm3rG33k	Not Recommended	16.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/aBMWfan/	Words can't describe how dissapointed I am with this game.  Advertisement, story and gameplay.... all a joke. Biggest let down of 2016.
Sintag	Recommended	4.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/GotCoffee/	Ladies and gentlemen, the comeback kid is here!No Man's Sky launched in an abysmal, unpolished, plain un-fun state, and back then, it wasn't worth it.  Naturally, after the years of hype, the Internet kind of did what it did best and roasted Hello Games over a firepit.  But then, Hello Games did something unusual.They got up, they dusted themselves off, got the smoke out of their collective hair, and got to work.  Over the next two years, we saw the base-building update, then Atlas Rising re-did the storyline from the ground up, and NEXT came in and finally, finally, two years post-release, for a game that could've easily been written off, shoved under the rug, and moved on from, No Man's Sky is actually quite good.  It resembles what we saw in the trailers now, and I'm happy to say that if you've been on the fence, if you've heard the bad initial press, that No Man's Sky has recovered, reinvented itself, and made one hell of a comeback.
Arrowax	Not Recommended	302.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198050361182/	This game has more cons than planets.
Mabec	Not Recommended	93.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mabec/	I was going to write a long dang review for a game i been hyped and waiting for 3 years. But all I can think of is: why did I pre-order both the PS4 limited edition and the $150 iam8bit version.I have learnt why pre-orders should never be made (unless its within 2 weeks of release and refund time), I have learnt it the hard way, the $270 USD way.Goodbye Game.
Fayt	Not Recommended	156.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Faytlingod/	My review is now leaning more on the neutral side as the game has definitely improved but is still missing many things that I hope they add in the future I can at least feel better knowing my 60 dollars wasn't completely wasted on a game that was hopeless. the new update has brought more life into the universe and adds major potential to the game lets hope I can make my review positive in the future and finally be able to recommend the game for its full price.
Jenko	Not Recommended	13.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/JenkoJ1/	This is without doubt a terrible waste of time and money.Great concept. Poorly executed.The first few hours are fun to explore and name things... but then you realise... The whole game is just that ... on repeat.... with no progression...If you do progress... You actually don't get anything... You just go to another dimension and start again.Don't waste your money.
dookadooka	Recommended	178.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197992749393/	I would highly reccomend this game. At first I was fairly upset at the initial release. But now I feel like the devs have made up for they're mistake by release tons of awesome new content. Plus with the upcoming multiplayer... Yea, They swayed me.
QuaLITY ANCHOR	Not Recommended	8.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Psyfurnosis/	Everything there is to say, has been said 1000x already.
ronbeing	Not Recommended	7.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ronbeing/	Game just doesn't seem finished
Randomplayer57	Not Recommended	57.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/randomplayer57/	Unfortunately many of the game mechanics advertised by Hello Games either do not exist or are greatly simplified. It is not the game described in promotional material and quickly becomes very repetitive.The game is fun for a few hours and may reward you with a few good screenshots but has little long-term appeal.
Flarrett 何	Not Recommended	39.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/flarrett/	It's sad how there is literally no support for this game from the devs especially when it didn't live upto what it promised. 0/10 would recommend... even though I do like the soundtrack...
Spunkmire	Not Recommended	18.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197993812867/	I can't recommend this game at $60.  If this game was $20 I would say it's a great game.  If you like to get lost in another universe and forget about the real world around you, then this game is great.  However once you see a few planets the game becomes a little redundant.  I enjoy playing it, however I regret spending $60 on a game that should be $20 at most.Wait for the 75% off sale which is sure to come sooner rather than later. 
Midget riding an obese child	Not Recommended	21.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SporkHero/	Truly a sad state of affairs. I've never been angrier at a game.
StarshipUK	Not Recommended	114.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/starshipuk/	Overpriced for a Indie Game. The game looks good, but is very repetative and lacks story and playability. I think after 57 hours (some of which was repeated due to the game crashing, most of which were spent mining) I am done with this.
Trikej	Recommended	29.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/trikej/	Honestly not a bad game. at launch it was a little barren but was still kinda fun to just sail the solar systems, but with aaaall the stuff brought with the updates, now including multiplayer, its easily worth the original pricetag. and if you're mad that you basically got a early access title at supposed "launch", remember that 99% of any other game devs would've chocked it up as a loss and worked on No Man's Sky 2
Insidious	Not Recommended	37.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/hitthathoe/	I wasn't allowed to refund. Screw this game it's trash. Watch the endless reviews on Youtube and see it for yourself.
riverreveal666	Not Recommended	18.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198002121401/	The auto play video being used on the store page is a lie. That isnt the game that you are paying for. Dont put hours into this game hoping the next planet will be the one which has AI like the store page video as that planet doesnt exist. The fact that Steam are refusing refunds after 2hours in game this vast is a pretty big slap in the face to every customer who preordered this game expecting it to be like the videos portray.Preorder a large game again using store page as a buying guide? Never again through Steam. Steam and Hello (we lie about) Games have now put me off preordering any game for the forseeable future.As bad a release as Sim City. Recieved worse customer service from Steam than EA, who while refusing to refund, did at least give out a choice of free games to apologise. Although obviously a refund would have been the ethical thing to do and far better customer service.In 15 years of gaming this is the first time I feel really conned by a purchase and a company.
QuaLITY ANCHOR	Not Recommended	8.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Psyfurnosis/	Everything there is to say, has been said 1000x already.
Adam West	Not Recommended	19.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198003179909/	The graphics were there...mostly but that's about it.   The draw distance is far too short for this scale and things became barren landscape  or a mirage if you had already mined it.  Questionable design choices everywhere.  Navigation is terrible there is no maps at all just local star systems view.   You have to select only star systems linked to current viewed one, no searching or selecting anything you haven't played connect the dots to.  Factions are completely hollow, not much incentive to interact and you can't side/join with any of them.  No story, and the ending is worse than sopranos.  Combat encounters are random pirates or simply you're♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off the sentinels for doing something harmless to anyone.  There's no real combat either with only 1 weapon active at once on foot or in ship, enemy ai is dumb as can be with aimbot.  Terrible UI everywhere, the only info you get is resource types detected from personal scanner or a random waypoint you must visit before another can be discovered with ship scanner.  Tedious repetitive resource gathering with painfully small inventory.  Increasing inventory is only goal you work toward, constantly recharging life support or shielding with your resources as it falls like a stone in hazardous environments or space combat.  In spite of procedural generation the planet's all start to feel the same with the monolith resources and repeating structures & hollow ecosystems.  Interacting with someone or something takes forever with lengthy camera changes & hold mouse/button down to confirm every single selection including in option menus.  Runs smoothly after very long loading time then without warning or reason frames drop to a couple fps, recovered only when restart.  In short, no man's sky is a nice attempt at pushing the envelope in scale but falls far short or just breaks all its promises.  Too early release, not enough features were added and testing was done.
GREYsaurus	Not Recommended	13.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/GREYsaurus/	I just didn't really like it. I'm sure some people might but it got too repetitive with no real interaction with any npcs. I knew space was lonely but not this lonely.
tarcintr	Not Recommended	15.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198082982019/	Worst game ever!
drumnsurf0981	Not Recommended	1.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197970542025/	lots of hype that did not deliver. It's a mediocre space game. Graphics are nothing compared to other games of this day and age, and the gameplay mechanics are very basic. The real problem, it wasn't any fun after a few hours. There is NO story. Nothing to motivate you or keep you going. You are stuck in endless repitition. Every planet, you harvest so that you can upgrade or repair your ship, go to another planet and do the same thing over again. The repition is boring after the first few planets. Exploring is about your only option, but I was not ever motivated since every planet looks the same.I feel like this would appeal to a very specific group, who love this genre; but for most gamers skip it or wait until it's like $10.
spartnjuggrnaut	Not Recommended	19.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/juggrnaut/	Liked it for a bit. Now completely bored of it. Annoyed I went over the refund limits.
OllympianGamer	Not Recommended	13.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ollympiangamer/	Steam should remove this "game" from the store and auto refund everyone who spent money on it.
anon25542	Not Recommended	21.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198317061693/	Lots of features that were promised by Sean just flat out didn't make it into the game (multiplayer!, solar systems with physical stars, potentially being able to fly to another solar system without hyperdrive, unique creatures/plants). Everything else (combat, exploration, even the procedural generation) is just shallow and repetitive. Expect to see LOTS of similar looking plants, animals, planets, mineral veins, ships, etc.Overall the game is fun for the first 10 or so hours, since everything feels new at first and you don't really find out about the false advertising until later. Personally, I flat out couldn't play it anymore after 22 hours because it's so damn repetitive.The bottom line is that this game isn't early as enormous or complex as it was made out to be, and it shouldn't cost more than 20 dollars in its current form.
Cyrus	Not Recommended	1.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197965127091/	should be $15
Cpt.Harris	Not Recommended	135.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/cptharris/	No Man's Sky, one of the worst scams of the 21st century.-This game features 18 quintillion planets, they look the same and have the same glitches, resources and bugged creatures.-Aliens that have no meaning, besides having very slow paced conversations, they do nothing.-Space battles? They are a lie, the worst spacecraft vs spacecraft system I could have ever imagined.-Factions? They give you a minor discount on items, faction vs faction doesn't exist.-Survival? A pointless grind, the resource you need to survive is always nearby.-Adventure? More like exploration without any dangers.-Epic soundtrack? After 2 hours you will disable it and use your own music.-Achievements? Never before has earning achievements been annoying, they interrupt your gameplay.-Epic ending? It's the same as an empty box, there is nothing.-Reasons to buy this game?-No reason.
tymon	Not Recommended	7.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/tymonbrown/	Let this be a lesson to us all: never pre-order anything.
Fexele	Not Recommended	46.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/fexele/	Sean Murray, thx you a lot.You taught me not to trust screenshots, videos and promises of developers before release of the game.You taught me not to buy something on prerelease to get some reward (especially that breaks the game)You taught me not to play game more than 2 hours to see, what else developers didn't include in the game.You taught me if game has a lot of bugs, crashes, FPS drops, bad optimization, localization - this is good reason to refund it, but not wait for fixes.You taught me never trust you and Hello games. I paid the price for this knowledge in full.
Veditor	Not Recommended	33.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Veditor/	''As wide as an ocean, but has the depth of a puddle.''                                                     Angry Joe - 2016
Kapuzentyp	Recommended	60.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kapuzentyp/	Where do I begin? No Man's Sky was a big disappointment after its release but things have changed. I really love what they made out of it. They did not just throw it away like a hot potato and its actually decent. If it lives up to your expectations or not is for you to decide. But after all those updates, after all this content and after all the struggle the game and the developer went through I can say that this game has earned its place in my library and I've grown fond of it. The price might or might not be a deal breaker but keep in mind that the current updates are all free. No hiding behind paywalls and stuff which is a huge plus point. Currently downloading the "Abyss Update" lets see what it got. I'll be updating the review if there is something critical in my view. But currently? I'd say its not a bad game. Go grab it when its on sale. I doubt you are doing something wrong but the worst you can do is to expect too much from it. Even if it does not fill your expectations for the moment, they are working hard for it to do so, so stop insulting the developers they are doing everything in their might to atone for what they have done.Edit: If you have trouble with the deep sea quest for the abyss, give it time. After a while of playing and doing a couple of quests it appeared all of the sudden.
Gen ツ	Not Recommended	18.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/GenQueef/	As for the features missing in the game which were said to be in the game please see the list below with link to the source.1. Landing on AsteroidsSource: https://youtu.be/n0uYnwqlslU?t=5m8s2. Destroying Space Stations And FleetsSource: https://youtu.be/GjKTJblJpw0?t=27m7sSouce: https://youtu.be/U9muD249qNM?t=10m46s3.Giant Fleets of ShipsSource: https://youtu.be/MZO40WBNA60?t=1m44s4. Large Freighters Actually MovingSource: https://youtu.be/RRpDn5qPp3s?t=1m11s5. Faction Affiliations w/ SignificanceSource: https://youtu.be/D-uMFHoF8VA?t=9m37s6. Trade Ships Docking w/ FreightersSource: https://youtu.be/BXUrOFVItgs?t=2m57s7. Large-Scale, Joinable Space Battles Between Factions.Source: https://youtu.be/v5sBbjckyzU?t=34s8. NPC Ships Launching From The GroundSource: https://youtu.be/WQhSP82uhY4?t=33s10. Planets Rotating and Orbiting Around a SunSource: https://youtu.be/ueBCC1PCf84?t=1m34shttps://youtu.be/ueBCC1PCf84?t=7m58shttps://youtu.be/D-uMFHoF8VA?t=3m14shttps://youtu.be/v5sBbjckyzU?t=1m40s11. The Technical Possibility of Flying Between Star Systems ManuallySource: https://youtu.be/GjKTJblJpw0?t=2m14s12.Actual Ship Classes And DifferentiationSource: https://youtu.be/h-kifCYToAU?t=24m2shttps://youtu.be/D-uMFHoF8VA?t=14m38shttps://youtu.be/D-uMFHoF8VA?t=17m45s13.Naming ShipsSource: https://youtu.be/GjKTJblJpw0?t=38m18s14.More Natural Flight CharacteristicsSource: https://youtu.be/MZO40WBNA60?t=2m20s15. Resources Depending On Distance From Sun, Environmental FactorsSource: https://youtu.be/it_9pUYO2AY?t=4m33shttps://youtu.be/BXUrOFVItgs?t=2m2shttps://youtu.be/D-uMFHoF8VA?t=2m48shttps://youtu.be/D-uMFHoF8VA?t=10m32s16. The Ability To Play The Game Solely As A Trade or Solely in SpaceSource: https://youtu.be/BXUrOFVItgs?t=56shttps://youtu.be/D-uMFHoF8VA?t=15m57shttps://youtu.be/GjKTJblJpw0?t=35m20s17.Crafting That Has ComplexitySource: https://youtu.be/BXUrOFVItgs?t=2m8s18. Find Elements By Checking Galactic MapSource: https://youtu.be/BXUrOFVItgs?t=1m19s19.Large Creatures Affecting the LandscapeSource: https://youtu.be/MZO40WBNA60?t=1m12s%22https://youtu.be/0APP5WcX8v8?t=47s20.Creatures Doing Things They Don't Do in the GameSource: https://youtu.be/WQhSP82uhY4?t=1m21shttps://youtu.be/MZO40WBNA60?t=42s21.Large StructuresSource: https://youtu.be/RRpDn5qPp3s?t=32shttps://youtu.be/MZO40WBNA60?t=2m30shttps://youtu.be/0APP5WcX8v8?t=32shttps://youtu.be/0APP5WcX8v8?t=43s22.Crashed FreightersSource: https://youtu.be/RRpDn5qPp3s?t=1m19s23. PortalsSource: https://youtu.be/WQhSP82uhY4?t=1m37s24. Sentinels in Large PacksSource: https://youtu.be/-sb-clg3Tlw?t=4m27s25.Maintaining Wanted Level IndoorsSource: https://youtu.be/D-uMFHoF8VA?t=11m49s26. Ambient Walker SentinelsSource: https://youtu.be/WQhSP82uhY4?t=40s27.Being Able To See and Play With Other PlayersSource: https://youtu.be/n0uYnwqlslU?t=58sWhy Does It Fall Short of What Was Advertised?Explore:Planets are less diverse than we'd been told, and with less features. They also don't seem to become appreciably more interesting as you move towards the center, if at all. The pool of resources is shallow, and they're spread more or less homogeneously among planets. There are no objects on planets that you will not have seen in an hour or two on your first planet, and no objects in space that can be found through exploration. Explore should be renamed Sightsee, as that's more or less what you're doing when exploring because you quickly run out of significant things to discover.Fight:Ship combat was trivialized by the removal of classes and ship attributes. Large scale space battles were cut as well, and you cannot destroy space stations or freighters as we'd been told. You will fight sentinels and pirates alone, all of which fly ships which are functionally identical to your own. Ground combat occurs with only a few sentinels at a time, and poses no challenge. Fights are easily won, escaped from, or avoided entirely.Trade:Trading offers few benefits outside of selling valuable items to upgrade to better equipment. There are few items you'd actually ever want to buy from a trader, and few things to sell that are worth using an inventory slot on instead of a gold/emeril stack. Grinding for elements/rare items to sell is as far as most will ever go, and money quickly becomes useless in the game. You probably can't play as a space trader exclusively, and trading between systems doesn't seem worth the hassle even if you can. Trading with factions is a non-consideration as you will max out in rep for everyone very quickly. There simply isn't enough elements in the game to support deep trade, as there's little to actually need, and little worth actually selling.Survive:Everything you need for basic survival is bountiful on every planet. Sentinels pose no risk. The only thing that poses any particular risk is extreme planets, and there's zero incentive to even really visit those as they've got nothing you couldn't easily find elsewhere, not that the risk they pose isn't easily mitigated and/or dealt with.As you can see, the game we were told we'd get is a far more feature-rich, complex and dynamic game than the one we actually got. What we got was a static, lifeless and paper thin experience by comparison.I know I have played the game longer than the 2 hour refund peroid, but there was know way to know if any of these features we were sold on were in the game with out longer play time. As you can see I consistently played the game for those 18 hours when it was released. But I have not play it since after finding out all these features we were shown are missing.As well as the missing features there are also performance issues and random crashes of the game. My system specs are as follows.i7 2.67 GHz32GB RamNvidia GeForce GTX1070Windows 7 Professional 64bitI have been a long time Steam member for over 10 years and have a lot of games I have purchased from the platform in those years. This is the first one I have ever bought where I have felt cheated due to the misleading advertising of the game. I will seriously consider purchases with them Steam in future if the refund isn't resolved.I believe on these grounds I am entitled to a full refund.I am live in Netherlands and consumer law states I and entitled to a refund if:Does not match descriptions made by the salesperson, on packaging and labels, and in promotions or advertising.
Tempster	Not Recommended	244.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198030983684/	First of all, I really tried to like the game, and in all honesty, I do to a certain point. I pretty much achieved and did everything there is to do right now, the immersion is there, but everything else falls flat. This review is centered around the four cornerstones of the game.ExploreAs you may already know, the game procedurally generates a whole universe. This sounds, and is, awesome, but after a couple of systems you won't see anything special anymore. The planets are kind of the same and after a while you will know, if a planet will be worth it to land, or not. Landing on a garden world feels refreshing, but after two or three they too aren't that special anymore. The planetary physics are nonexistant. There are no gas giants, the sun is just a bright spot on a sky box, the planets aren't rotating, or moving at all. They are very close together which conveys a very unrealistic feeling.The plants and animals are also procedurally generated, but the pool is pretty limited and the animals' behaviour is also very limited. You can scan the animals to 'complete' a planet, but that's more a chore than fun.The real fun killer are the three space races, though. Every system has a station, every planet is inhabited by them, so every system is already kind of explored which actually contradicts the game's name itself.FightThe systems behind ground and space battle are, to put it mildly, shallow. The sentinels (the drones patrolling every planet) are just annoying and are canon fodder after some upgrades to your multi tool. Their stronger versions are destroyed with 2-3 shots of the same weapon. You still can just run away and your wanted level will be removed after a couple of seconds.The dogfights are just bad, plus they're only in space. Early on, space pirates are pretty much the only way you could die (I never died in this game) because they can pile up pretty quickly and your initial ship will suck at fighting back (more on ships later). With a good ship and some upgrades, they're just annoying again, otherwise you can just land on a planet or station and they will de-spawn. You have to recharge your shields manually in real time which isn't a good design decision.TradeThe trading system in No Man's Sky makes no sense at all. After just a couple of hours into the game, you will realize that units (the main currency) are pointless. The galactic trade market sells crafting materials and 'rare' items on a very limited scale and you're better off farming them for yourself. Selling things is also pretty much useless, unless you want to buy a new ship, but they are horrendously overpriced. Finding crashed ships on planets is way easier, cheaper and faster to get you a new ride. Crafting consumable items isn't worth your time because you can refuel your space suit and engines with the raw materials. Also, consumables and rare items aren't stackable which results in a very limited inventory (which is already limited in itself).Speaking of the inventory. Getting a bigger inventory is just a carrot on a stick. You can upgrade your suit with more inventory slots (the only place where your units are not pointless) and new ships have a chance to have more slots than your current one. So you will be interested in upgrading your stuff, which gives you something to do. But. With everything upgraded to the maximum, half of the existing crafting materials aren't needed anymore. The result is that you upgraded your inventory just to upgrade your inventory. After that, all the space isn't needed anymore and the needed crafting resources can be found on every single planet.SurviveAs I wrote earlier in 'Fight', the combat part of survival is very shallow, so are the more passive things in No Man's Sky. Most of the planets have a certain hostility modifier, like hot, cold, toxic and radioactive. The problem here is that as soon as you get behind the mechanics, it's very avoidable by just entering a building, caves or your ship to recharge your protection level, and you can do it manually, too. Again, with a properly upgraded space suit, hostile environments are pretty much nonexistent in the end game.Rare resources are paired with more hostile sentinels, see 'Fight'.Anything ElseEdit 28/08/16: Hello Games released some minor patches for most of the performance issues. I leave the outdated stuff below in brackets because it was important to me at that point. The fixes won't change my decision to not recommend the game.I don't want to comment the launch problems of the game because there are plenty other reviews out there already describing the problems.Outdated: (The performance problems shouldn't be there, and after two patches my game still crashes sometimes. Other problems, like FPS drops when entering your ship, aren't fixed yet.)I know that my play time shows that I had my fair share for my money, but I still think that 60€ was a bit too much. 30-40€ would have been okay for what you'll get.You will like the game when- you like farming for farming's sake- you just want to chill out and relax- going on interstellar sightseeing tour is your thingYou won't like the game when- you get bored quickly by repetitive content- you want to have a in depth trading or fighting system- you like realistic simulation- building stuff is important to you
Switch	Recommended	89.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198064139853/	I thought they were just going to take the money and run with it, but it seems the developers of this game truly wanted to make what they promised, and have been supporting the game for 2 years now. This game seems to be made with a lot more love than what I see in a lot of other games, even if it's initial launch shows otherwise.
Giga-Allo	Recommended	50.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/G1garus/	Can we give this game a round of applause for one of the biggest redemptions in game history?
Grey face no space	Not Recommended	19.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198118751449/	Love it or hate it, this game is unfinished. The devs know it. Sony knows it. Everyone who bought this game knows it. It's able to sell because the game at heart has a great idea, and the devs and publisher know how to market it. The question is if you would pay $60 for an idea or a game. If you buy No Man's Sky, all you'll get is the former. If you're looking for the game, you won't find it here. They will tell you that you're buying the game (just look at these trailers and screenshots) but it's not. It's deceptive, disgusting, and borderline fraud, but it's business. Only purchase if you have faith in Hello Games, even after they lied to you.
Dawmino	Recommended	206.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/cdsand/	So here's the thing...All things considered, No Man's Sky is a good game. I think it's a great game, but my tastes are veeerry specific.NMS filled a desire I've had for a VERY long time. I just wanted to simply fly and walk around planets in a game that wasn't as artistically dry as, say, Elite Dangerous, or as simplistic and railroaded as Spore.That's all it needed to impress me, but it has done so much more than that.I think there is enough here now after all the updates, especially the upcoming NEXT patch, for a typical sci-fi fan to get a good kick out of.In No Man's Sky, you'll be spending a lot of your time:1. Collecting materials to sell off, craft, or fuel up your equipment, among other things.2. Building a base and doing missions to unlock more building parts and items from your base NPCs.3. Flying around space. Protip: this is a good time to manage your inventory.4. Accepting faction missions and trading at space stations.5. Interacting with NPCs who may give you rewards for solving their problems or doing what they ask.6. Collecting words of alien languages to help you understand the NPCs problems better.7. Exploring, just in general. It's nice to just kick back and wander sometimes.8. Finding upgrades: better multitools, exosuit tech, ships, vehicles, and upgrades to install into each of them.9. Shooting at pirates, sentinels, and very ugly animals.10. Progressing through the "Atlas Rises" story missions.11. Trying (and in my case failing) to save up money for a bigass freighter, which you can also build a base in.12. Trying (and most assuredly failing) to 100% catalog the species of a planet for a big money bonus.13. Uploading and optionally renaming your discovered planets and lifeforms for cash.14. Raiding buildings on planets for useful junk or coordinates to other useful junk.14 1/2. Probably more I forgot about?That's the basic overview, but... I really want to address something important.This game was indeed overhyped, but at the same time, was also overcriticized at the beginning, understandably so given the information at the time.But the truth is, there's more nuance to what happened than "Sean tricked us into buying an unfinished game."Considering the hard work they've been putting into these free updates over the last couple of years, the idea that Sean was intentionally trying to scam people doesn't quite add up. And it would seem that my first guess as to what really happened was pretty much true.Sean Murray is a passionately ambitious dev, but isn't exactly a PR and marketing pro. And that worked against him, tragically.According to a recent interview, Sean Murray claims that he was not really prepared to properly and carefully consider his messaging during pre-release interviews and gameplay videos where certain features were detailed that didn't make it to the release build. It was obvious that he loved what he was making and naively wanted to share his complete vision with future players, but was not clear about what was going on in development at the time, and in what state these features were in.Some of those features were being worked on, but didn't quite make it to release due to budget and time crunch problems.Some of those features simply never made it even though they appeared in early trailers, like sand worms. Possibly due to bugs or gameplay issues, as that's why most cool features get cut before a release.One key example is multiplayer. Before release, HG had been working on the barebones floating orb multiplayer feature we now have currently. The nature of this "multiplayer" lines up with what Sean vaguely described in interviews.However, HG was simply not able to wrap up development of the multiplayer feature, and had to push it back.Now... none of this *really* excuses releasing a game that is missing promised (or implied) features.But what I can say is that it's clear to me that there was nothing malicious or greedy behind the situation HG put themselves in. They had a PR crisis. A particularly bad one, the reaction to which I think was unwarranted considering what we know now.This narrative that Hello Games was out to scam people is not only a silly notion considering their dedication to continuing work on the game, but it unnecessarily drives people away from an experience they may actually enjoy if they were to get past the development drama. It has become so pervasive that even people who have never even played or looked at footage of the game are now parroting hyperbolic nonsense that it had the worst launch of all time and that it was a giant scam. This is a frustrating case of bandwagoning.By continuously working on NMS, and adding large swaths of content with every expansion, HG has shown me, through their actions, not words, that they are not the bad-faith actors they are made out to be.I can certainly forgive the mishandling of the hype and launch considering what we'll be getting in just a couple days with NEXT.With that in mind, I am not angry with HG or Sean, nor was I even disappointed with the initial release. I played it. I liked it. It was repetitive, sure, but it was unique and aesthetically striking.I just wish they would've communicated more effectively initially. If I went through what they went through, I don't know if I would've had the strength to continue. Though maybe the backlash put a fire under HG's♥♥♥♥♥to prove the naysayers wrong.Who knows...The TL;DR is: If someone has convinced you that No Man's Sky is some kind of horrible, hugely disappointing game, that may be their real opinion, but they are almost certainly exaggerating for the thrill of exacting righteous fury on a perceived sleight.I encourage you to look more objectively into what NMS is and whether it is the right game for you. It may very well not be. But you don't need to feel guilty about buying a game from a supposedly unethical dev. That just ain't how it is.Addendum (July 25th, 2018): The NEXT update is now available. After my time with it so far, and after having read through the changelist, I am beyond impressed. I was already cautiously optimistic for it, but this feels and looks like an entirely new game. It is as if they have transformed it into its own sequel... if that makes any sense. There are too many changes to list, much less choose to focus on here, so see them for yourself on the official website.There are a few weird bugs they need to iron out as of this writing, but nothing major.Considering the current half-off sale and the new expansion, I can confidently say that this may be the perfect time to get into No Man's Sky. This is the game in a form that really lives up to its potential. And what's exciting, is that there's apparently even more on the way.I really could not be more pleased.But Sean, please fix my Korvax's face-screen!
ShaggyMoose	Recommended	148.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ShaggyMoose/	After arguably the most over-hyped and disappointing release of all time, the developers could have taken the money and run. But they didn't. They could have updated the game only through paid DLC. But they didn't. Instead, they have set themselves the task of realising what I assume was their original vision, before it was completely derailed by the hype train. And they are making it available to all buyers for free, including the upcoming multiplayer patch.The game itself still isn't perfect. Its grindy, somewhat simplistic and saddled with what is probably one of the worst inventory systems I have ever had the misfortune to use. At the same time though, it genuinely rewards exploration and doles out intriguing snippets of backstory across multiple plot threads. Together, these aspects prevent the game from sinking into a mire of generic procedural generation. There is always one more thing to do; build a new base, buy a new ship, visit a new planet type, craft a new item. Even after over a hundred hours I still haven't purchased a freighter. Rather than rush, I have whiled away the hours cruising between planets, seeing the sights and deciding how I want to shape the galaxy.HG have finally earned the asking price.EDIT: Since I reviewed this, there have been three major content updates, all free.
NecoBoss	Recommended	10.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/NecoBoss/	No Man's Sky on release - >:(  No Man's Sky after a few updates - :|  No Man's Sky Next and multiplayer - :)
Takedown223	Not Recommended	75.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Takedown223/	This game has endless possiblities. Almost all of which are not featured in this game. I had a great time playing this game.For the first 8 hours and then it was just a grind. I just couldn't stop playing it. Mostly because I hoped for something awesome at the center. But there is literally nothing at the center.  It actually takes things away from you instead.I got all the achievements But, I still don't have all of the blueprints. Message Found, Message Already Learned This Game is great at wasting your time.18/18quintillion Would recommend tossing this game into a blackhole. 
Elvis Prime	Not Recommended	41.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ElvisPrime/	I put my fair share of time in (nearly 36 hours at time of writing). I grinded out most everything. I have fully explored several planets, maxed out inventories and travelled accross countless star systems. I spent hours simply building up language database. Do you know what i have to show for it? Nothing. it was a waste of time.To be clear, this is a beautiful looking game, with lot's of hope and wonder, that leads to absolutely nothing. I spent hours building up resources and inventories and amassing fortunes. With nothing to do with it. All that time spent learning languages, and there was no point. Anything important story-wise, is in common language. I had much hope, waiting for something to happen. It didn't. You build random items and fuels, but that's it. You can only move from one place to another, and very little changes. Buildings are virtually identical and evenly distributed on EVERY planet. You can spot them and know exactly what they are, and what they will contain. They are unbelieveably generic. Every NPC is the same. I spent hours learning languages of a particular race. 20+ building oup relations of 1 of the 3 races, so much so i was able to decipher almost the entire language in every dialogue. Do you know what I discovered? That it didn't matter. As soon as I discovered the 2nd race, it didn't matter that I didn't know a single word. They were identical. Sure they looked different a little, but every interaction was identical. There is no point to any of the languages, they amount to nothing at all. By the time you get enough to start deciphering the exact words, what they have to say is entirely useless anyway. Did you like that outpost you were at? Too bad, you'll never find it again because navigation is terrible. But don't worry, it doesn't matter because there is another outpost that is identical, just jump in your ship and fly in any direction for less than a minute and you'll find the same damn place with a different name.This game was like the ending of the TV Show "Lost", lots of buildup for a complete let down. Accumulate for no reason, talk for no reason, explore for no reason. I like a grind, but you don't even have anything to show for it. You'll never go back to wherever you were, and you'll never be able to share what you find with another human being. Cool, on this planet I'm going to name everything after memes. cool. What's the point? I'll never see that planet again when i leave for the next one. I gave this game far too much of a chance, and too much of my time. Go play minecraft, at least here you can build something. Play an MMO, at least there you can talk to someone. Go play a game with any form of campaign, at least you'll get a story. NMS is like all those games, without the things that make them great. No story, no meaningful building, no social. This feels entirely like an MMO that is empty. Accumulate wealth to buy nothing of worth, to quest with no one, and find nothing of note.
DTN_	Recommended	25.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/DimasDtecherz/	 Top 10 video game resurrection﻿
Frozendoze	Recommended	16.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/frozendozen/	It's actually good now. Wtf. Greatest comeback in gaming history.
ForcedPOOP	Not Recommended	5.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198046351280/	A mile wide but an inch deep. I can not express it better.
RadiantOnyx	Recommended	44.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ShatteredOnyx/	So I pre-ordered this.At the time, when I first played it, I came to regret that as a mistake. I sank a couple hours in here and there, but I just couldn't get into it. The story felt dull, the landscapes were just... off, and it just wasn't what was advertised.I cast it aside, too late to refund.Base building came out, along with vehicles, creative mode, and a camera. I played around with them, and they were fun - but the survival still felt lackluster. Creative mode got boring fast, and the camera (probably one of my favourite game features at the time) was hardly worth going into the game to use just for screenshots.And now, after the Waking Titan ARG - we have Atlas Rises.To be honest - I'm impressed. Suddenly, I find myself wanting to play survival because it's fun. Hell, I find myself wanting to play the game itself because I enjoy it now, not because I'm bored and need to sink time into something. The story is interesting and I want to see more, dozens of tiny little things that weren't there suddenly are...It's a new experience.In all honesty, I would have much preferred to see the game in this state on release. That way I would have been spared a year of disappointment. Hello Games has done what few developers would have done after the disaster of the release, and has spent time and effort making this game into something they can be proud of. It's clear they believe in the potential of No Man's Sky, and I find that inspiring.I can finally, in good conscience, recommend this game.I think the price is still too steep - but I would recommend it on half price.
CJIA	Not Recommended	73.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/CJIA/	As both a gamer and someone who runs an agile development team in real life, I can say that I'm thoroughly upset at the half-baked product that Sean Murray and Hello Games released.  I wanted to convey a few thoughts as to what drives this angry feeling: 1) over-promising and under-delivering:  Regardless of the size of your studio and their development capabilities, you have a fundamental duty to your users to accurately depict what you're creating for them.  Sean and co. did not do that. They promised a full, complex universe that emulates what it would be like to traverse worlds, planets, and star systems. What they sold was a two simulators slap-dashed together and stuffed with a random attribute generator. If this is a universe emulator, it's a really depressing one that's more of a soul-less minecraft knock-off with crappy crafting and a sub-par space/flight sim bolted on. The lack of multiplayer was especially a drag, but given how little you can actually do in the universe, I'm not sure it would have materially added to the experience. The NPC development was also laughably sub-par.The joy of discovery wears really thin when there's nothing of note to discover.  2) The in-game UI:  Did they not do any play-testing whatsoever?  The interface is infuriating. the long-clicks, the insanely long, not-skippable transitions to talk to NPC's, the inventory management- all of it.  It's some of the worse UI I've seen in a game. 3) the lack of communication from HG/Sean:  There's two things that can act as a multiplier for gamer outrage: the price paid for the game, and the extent to which the developers stop communicating after releasing a broken game.  At current count, it's been 48 days since Sean Murray communicated anything at all to the users. There's simply no excuse for that. That's especially true when you look at the economics of the game realase: at least 750,000 copies sold at $60 a pop. They released an early access game at a AAA price point, and effectively stopped communicating with their user base (aside from resolving some critical usability bugs). This studio took in at least $45 million in revenue for a broken game, and then stopped communicating with its users. I've spent a fair amount of time playing the game, partially because i wanted to give it a fair shot, and because i gave in to some of the grindy game dynamics for a while. Yes, it can generate some decent screenshots, but overall It's not satisfying, it's not fulfilling, and it's a frustrating experience to see an entire broken universe created without any meaning to it. No Man's Sky is as expansive as it is shallow and broken.
Lyskal	Not Recommended	18.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/lyskal/	The game creates the illusion that it is going somewhere for a few hours and then begins to become a grind... which works for a lot of titles. The grind can be welcome. Look at Minecraft, MMOs, Warframe and even games with ranked matches. People love to grind to improve, or collect or move forward. That is not what I am talking about when I talk about NMS.The grind in NMS is a grind without reason or goal. You simply exist to repeat the same pointless acts until you get bored... the reason there is such a tidal wave of rage is because you get sick of this 60+ dollar game extremely quickly.Pros: Reading up on the lore for the races is interesting.Cons: I didn't pay 60 dollars for a comic book length read about 3 alien races.Space combat is terrible and feels like it was never tested.Where are the goals?No end game.No mid game.Creatures are all frankenstein combinations of the same parts. Scanning birds is buggy and doesn't react fast enough. General advice is to just kill them and scam the corpse.Worlds are ugly and garish due random asset dumping without thought or care.It is designed to be a timesink and only a timesink. Your money is better spent elsewhere.If you absolutely feel the need to buy this, try to stop playing before 2 hours and really contemplate if it is worth keeping... they didn't put up a "we don't offer refunds outside of the rules" warning sticker on the store page for a while for no reason. This game looks and plays nothing like advertised and worse than that, barely functions as a game. Maybe if it sold for 20USD it could be justified... maybe. 1/10 refund simulator, stops working if you leave it on too long while googling when the fun is supposed to start.
Cracktus Jack	Recommended	224.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198030788488/	No Man's Sky...is an exploration and crafting survival game. Waking up on an unknown planet with no memory of your past and a crashed spacecraft with cryptic or fragmentary information, you set out to survive the environment and explore the Euclid Galaxy one planet at the time, as you define your purpose. This review takes into account the NEXT update.⚙ Game Description & Mechanics ⚙Gameplay is focused on gathering resources and crafting objects. You begin with a basic multitool and limited inventory space, and learn to mine for crafting material to fix your equipment and recharge your life-support and hazard protection shields. As you progress, you'll learn recipes to more advanced components to build devices, refine basic elements, craft equipment upgrades for your multitool, exosuit and spacecraft, and even build a base (or multiple bases).Much of No Man's Sky revolves around exploring and cataloguing all you discover. Scanning each mineral, flora and fauna found on each planet will identify the resource it supplies as well as give you Units (trade currency) for each you scan for the first time, while uploading them to the servers will give you Nanite Clusters (tech currency). Units can be used to purchase material and components from the Galactic Trade Network, as well as better multitools, spacecrafts and frigates. Nanite Clusters are used to purchase equipment blueprints and upgrade modules. As the galaxy is shared among all players, you get to name any system, planet, waypoint, animal or plant you're the first player to scan, forever leaving your mark in the game for the next player to fly by this system and land on the planet.Progression is done in multiple ways. After the introduction (which also serves as a tutorial), you can follow the Path of Atlas which sets you to eventually reach the center of the galaxy. You may instead set your focus on the single-player campaign where you retrace the footsteps of another Traveller like you. Of course, you can ignore both options and advance at your own pace, finding alternative ways to unlock the game's content. For instance, you can unlock base building component blueprints from burried salvage technologies and from side-missions given to you by your in-base specialists. Once you have a freighter, your crew will give you missions for your fleet of frigates (which you send on exploration, trading or combat missions). Those seeking a bigger challenge can do all that in Survival or Permadeath modes.☺ What I enjoyed ☺It's hard to express just how much there is to do in this game! In the early game, your limited equipment and inventory space will force you to struggle through a slow progression, but the entry grind has a satisfaction of its own once you acquire additional cargo space to store spare consumable and specialized material, upgrade your multitool and exosuit with a variety of weapon modules, better shields, enhanced environmental protection and various specialized equipment. Once you accumulate a good reserve of Units, trading your spacecraft for a bigger, stronger or faster one will only accelerate the process.Base building is also very satisfying if you're into this. You can build anywhere, and the base's size cap is very high. The base can serve as headquarters with additional storage space, a farm to produce rare material, a gathering place for you and up to 3 of your friends (the base itself can be built as a team), build racing tracks for use with your exocrafts (land vehicles you can, of course, build and upgrade!) and then upload it to the online servers or the Steam Workshop. Getting a freighter (from which you control your fleet and store multiple spacecrafts) serves as a mobile base of its own, part of which you can alter and build in to your liking.It's a gorgeous game, the constant updates since launch brought improvements to textures, procedural generation algorithms and overall graphical technology upgrades. The quantity of biomes allows quite the diversity: dry and dusty deserts, cold and icy snow plains, lush and humid forests, barren and rocky landscapes, foggy and poisonous fungal plains, to name a few, and I'm leaving out some of the most obscure, eccentric or over-the-top planets you can find in red star, green star and blue star systems. New creature types, from small to humongous, can be found on these, once again proceedurally-generated from head to toe, with actual per-planet coherence.☹ What bothered me ☹As mentioned before, it's a game about about resource-gathering and crafting. This means a lot of grind, hour upon hour of mining and refining your resources. Want to build a huge base? Grind for building material. Want to make a lot of money? Grind for valuable resources. Want to survive a hostile environment? Grind for life support and environmental protection fuel. If you don't enjoy this kind of stuff, you will find it terribly tedious. The change of pace from story missions, base building missions and sidequest missions is limited as they can also feel very repetitive, even with the efforts made by the developers with the week-long community events.PvP and PvE combat mechanics, whether on the ground or in space, are less than optimal. The ingredients all appear to be there: various weapon types and grenades for ground, various weapon types and missiles for space, the run/strafe/jump mechanics, yet somehow it still feels off and doesn't even come close to games dedicated to either types of combat. So while you "can" be a pirate and fight frigates, or you "can" be a hunter fighting predators and sentinels, it's barely worth the trouble and seems to have been included as an afterthought. The single-player campaign is somewhat simple and feels like a goose chase of travelling from one location to another, grinding, digging or building specific upgrades to continue to the next clue. Learning the alien languages, one word at a time, has little payoff. Most of the galaxy lore, given through snippets of history found in monoliths or conversations with stationary NPCs, will feel superficial to anyone who doesn't want to do the roleplaying in his head. If you can't set your own objectives and strictly rely on the fun of exploring, you will start seeing repeating patterns in the procedural generation of planets' flora and fauna as soon as you've been on a couple of systems.My Verdict: ★★★★☆ - "Next on your list!"No Man's Sky isn't a space combat simulator, nor a sci-fi adventure: it is first and foremost an exploration and crafting survival game, in the veins of ARK: Survival Evolved (although the multiplayer isn't quite there, yet) and Subnautica. However, a lot of people are looking for a game that does just that. You'll find a lot to do, it isn't even humanly possible to discover the entire galaxy (even if all players worked together in an attempt to do so). With all the updates so far and those to come, it definitely delivers!P.S.: I was lucky enough to avoid the pre-launch hype, but I do understand the disappointment and frustration caused by Hello Games' marketing, promising features that wouldn't actually make it in the game until years from launch. And while I can appreciate the dedication of the team not to have run away with the money and actually delivering on their promises, I can't forget nor forgive that easily, and you can be sure I'll never pre-purchase anything this studio releases.—————————————————————————This was just my opinion.If you found this review helpful, please consider giving it a thumbs up, and feel free to check out more of my (purely opinionated) reviews. 
MattyRasker	Recommended	52.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mattyrasker/	Perhaps you were like me - you saw the release of No Mans Sky and you became somewhat disappointed with the reception it got. After all the pre-release hype and excitement, No Mans Sky was surely to become the best game ever made? Turns out, it wasn't. Stuff that was supposed to be in it, wasn't.So, perhaps you were like me, you held off from buying it. "Well, that was a total let down" you said to yourself. But then, that changed when the "NEXT" update came out, along with a 50% discount. You read about it, you took a gamble and you bought it.Then perhaps, you are like me and you are happy that you did take that gamble. What you get with No Mans Sky is a truly open world space exploration and discovery game with survival elements. Fly your ship across multiple systems, finding and discovering new planets, each with their own ecosystems and unique species, collect resources, sell resources, buy resources, research new technologies, build a base, build more than one base, hook up with friends and visit their bases, buy some new ships, complete the main story missions, embark on some side missions, cruise around space like you don't have a care in the world, swim in the oceans, go cave diving, go hiking, shoot some sentinels, the list literally goes on.NMS is a gorgeous game to look at, and it runs nicely with a i5 4690k / 1060. It's got an excellent soundtrack too. Controls are nice, and inventory management works well.A minor gripe include what feels to be a limited pool of plant and creature species that the game generates from. However, I understand that is being addressed with another update.A rather larger gripe that I have with NMS is a bug whereby you may not be connected to the Discovery Services, and a friend comes into your game and discovers a planet that you thought you had already discovered, only find next time you login they discovered it. That's super annoying for me, but due to how incredible this game is, it's a bug I'm willing to forgive...for now.Overall, NMS is a huge game which continues to get updated by the developers, and credit to Hello Games - they stuck at it, didn't let the initial negative reaction put them off from cracking on with the game, and I'm super happy that they did. Well done team.Or perhaps, you're not like me, and you're still not convinced with NMS. If you're not, that's a shame - you are missing out.Highly recommended.
Dreaded Fate	Not Recommended	11.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/GtrKng2/	I've played 11 hours of this. Needless to say, it's not going to stray away from the other reviews on it. It's a failed promise. The developers said that, upon release, the game would have a whole lot of bells and whistles, that ended up not existing in this game. I have never refunded anything on Steam before, so I thought I might get a little leniency having put 11 hours into it. (I'll grant you 2 hours is 2 hours, but I needed to see for myself if there really is anything more.  This was within the 14-day period. And after I tried refunding it, I haven't played it since. But no such luck.) Moral of the story is, buyer beware, don't be the first of the first to try a product. Especially not in todays gaming marketplace. More likely than not you'll end up with a steamy log of false promises.Don't buy this unless you're prepared to be disappointed.PS I'll return to this game in a while and see if the developers make good on their promises, and i'll revise this review to reflect that.
⚙Pyro	Recommended	27.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/VideoGamingPyro/	I fed a dinosaur and it smiled at me10/10
kestrel_65	Not Recommended	58.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198030899100/	I played this for many hours thinking that I would eventually get to actual gameplay behind the endless grind of upgrading the slots in your inventory.  The farther in I went, the more it became apparent that there WAS no game here.  What the developers have created is an excellent platform to build a game in.  They just never got that far.
Ghosticus	Recommended	158.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TheGhosticus/	Updated for No Man's Sky 1.5 NEXT:After launch, I waited quietly.They added bases, and I waited.They added vehicles, and I waited.They added a camera, which was silly but I liked it, and then I waited.Now Atlas Rises came out, I find myself READING to LEARN things about the LORE. I want to keep exploring because planets have CLASSES now. I fell into a cave that was filled with water. I flew over giant oceans and huge continents, and I haven't even ventured outside a starting solar system yet.With each update, the game becomes more like a first person Starbound and I LOVE IT.NEXT Update:YES. YES. GOOD SALESGEK ALMIGHTY YES.So I have to say, I'm a fan of all the changes. I do see this update still as a foundation tho, which many seem to gloss over. This sets up a solid Mulitplayer foundation. I can be a Gek. Solid new building mechanics. I can be a Gek. World Gen keeps getting better and better. I can be a Gek. Even better tweaked progression... AND I CAN COMMAND A FLEET OF FRIGATES WHILE BEING A GEK.
Armitage	Not Recommended	54.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/armitige/	The fact that this title is still $60 says a lot about the ethics of Hello Games. The blatant lies told by the devs and the use of pre-rendered footage passed of as "actual gameplay" prior to release. The continuation of lies after the game was released. Yeah, they're adding new content (small amounts of it), but too little too late. It was a cleverly disguised sham of a game that took you around 4 hours to dig below the thin surface to find out what you thought you bought was nowhere near what you received, allowing both Hello Games and Steam to skirt the refund policy. Quite possibly one of the worst game puchases I've ever made in 30 years of gaming.
BuffSuzuki	Not Recommended	46.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/evilcakes/	Edit: Review is constantly changed as I keep finding more reasons to write about why people should stay away from this game.The reason for my 40+ hours in this game is because like many other players, I kept playing hoping for the game to get better. Unfortunately, it never did.It is essentially the most basic of survival games with little to no features or content. Most players' first few hours are as follows.1. Find yourself stranded on a planet wondering where you are.2. Go out looking for resources to repair your ship.3. Find the atmosphere of the game amazing.4. Potentially find one of the (ONLY THREE!) alien races and be even more amazed.5. Repair ship and head to space.6. Go to space station.7. (Wow more of) The alien race, cool.8. Go to another planet, see same thing for miles on end.9. Head to another system.10. Potentially find different planet or same planet as first system with a different colour palette.After this, the novelty wears off, and that's when the tedium and monotony ensues for most players.1. Find plutonium, recharge launch thrusters.2. Maybe stay at the current system's station and trade between some of the aliens.3. Life support low every minute, (TECHNOLOGIES, RECHARGED!).4. Maybe find one of the less than ten worthwhile resources to gather on a planet.5. Mine for hours on end.6. Make antimatter, go to another system.7. Rinse and repeat.Hint: ^ This part goes on forever.The gimmick behind No Man's Sky is purely exploration, and that can't exist as each one of the 3 alien races seems to occupy every bit of the galaxy divided amongst themselves, which doesn't allow you to have any sense of discovery or accomplishment for finding certain things that may exist on the planets or within the systems. Every single building looks the same between the 3 races and the procedural generation can create some rather, disappointing creations when it comes to the creatures such as a bouncing pineapple with eyes. Put this across 18 quintillion planets, that of which all will never be discovered, and you essentially have a game in which nothing may as well exist because that is exactly what you're doing. The company invested more time and money in an alogrithm, rather than producing something of a higher quality that may have been worth our hard earned cash.Also some players have had their discoveries reset or deleted since the beginning of the game (about 2 weeks later, in chronological order). Even more points against the supposed "discovery" and "exploration" aspects of the game.For those of you wondering about the 40+ hours and how I could ever possibly think it could get better, it's because the developers lied about that too. From several interviews, we were told that the closer you got to the center, the "crazier" the procedural generation became. Nothing changed, not from going as far out as possible, or going as far in as possible. NOTHING CHANGED! ZERO! It was the same planet types, the same "hazardous" environments and atmospheres, the same horrible creature generation with the only difference being colour. The limited amount of variations in such a large system causes this game to become incredibly repetitive in all aspects of gameplay very quickly.One of the recent patches also forced new players to require even larger amounts of time in order to reach the center, as these new players spawn further out from the center than those prior to the patch, and distance travelled between systems seems to have been divided by ~4. Attempts to reach the center are purposefully being impeded/stalled as to prevent players from witnessing one of the worst "endings" to a game possible (where we were told it was supposed to be "magical" and "beautiful", which the "ending" is the exact opposite of).The main "enemies" of this game aren't even worth mentioning either. They're barely a threat, give large quantities of titanium (a RARE material), and of course, are on every single planet, in every single system, in every single galaxy, in the universe. They can also be a nuissance on some planets where they are also automatically aggressive when they see you. They can attack you while talking to an alien or when examining a monolith, while you have to wait for lines of text to come up, before you can cancel it to defend yourself. They can kill you during actions which you can not control past the initiation of.As stated by many, this "game" is a tech demo and nothing more as of the release. Even now it still runs poorly on some of the best hardware one can have in their computer. It's also a hand holder along with overly simple flight mechanics, god awful UI, and inventory system.It's sad to think that the hype around this game was actually produced more by the main developer of Hello Games (Sean Murray for those who don't know), and that they disappointed far too many people to count. It's discouraging to see that with how many features were promised, how full of life the trailers and interviews made the game seem, we got the most stripped down version of the game possible, where even Minecraft has more to offer, and that's a sandbox.What's worse is that the Steam store is currently showing two trailers which are referenced for the false advertising of the game. Customers are potentially viewing content which is not present in the game, which either will never exist, or may be added far too long down the road. Along with this, the trailers show far better graphics (even on the highest settings) and shows the game running far smoother than it does. To add insult to injury, the features and content shown in the trailers may even come out as paid DLC, putting what was once promised content behind another pay wall. If it's anything like the base game, the developers are likely to be labeled as frauds, if they haven't already.It is unclear as to whether the developers plan on adding the features they have left from the game based on the interviews and trailers, or even plan on bothering to communicate with those who purchased the game.TL;DR: An inadequate game with inadequate support followed by terrible pricing.P.S. This game is not worth buying on sale either, even a 50% discount would not be worth the price to time ratio, considering most people are interested in the game for about 8-10 hours.P.P.S. This should be the one game on steam you can refund with less than 50 hours, because by that time you might actually reach the center of the galaxy (your "mission" apparently), and you will realize what a waste of time and money this game was/is.
SYLOH	Not Recommended	69.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197970651568/	Let me preface everything by saying that I actually bought this game on impulse before watching the trailers.  I like space, I like exploration, some of the early reviews were positive, so I bought it.  I regret that impulsive decision.    Take it from a 5 year veteran of Eve: Online this game is BORING.  Imagine Eve minus the hordes of players trying to kill you, it's more boring than that.   There is supposed to be septillions of stars and planets generated, but their algorithm is poor. This results in maybe 12 different planet types and 30 animal species. I'm being very generous with the planets, for the most part they are just different colors with a different icon showing you what is killing you today. Now I wasn't expecting Spore like creature variety, but this is insulting. All of them look the same. There might be some slight variation between the crab like species trying to kill me, but I honestly couldn't tell. The entire game is far too easy, in my trek from the start to the center of the galaxy my shields dropped a total of maybe 10 times, I still don't know what the death screen looks like.   The interface is utterly terrible. You have to hold to click EVERYTHING. I cannot fathom a reason this has to be for literally EVERYTHING. The galaxy map is the single worst aspect of the UI, a rather galaring flaw for something that wants to do space exploration. The path to the center is utterly useless, as I got close to the center it literally got stuck in a dead end. It ignores your hyperdrive upgrades meaning it's course will take you through about a dozen short hops and then abruptly stop, while you can reach the end in one jump or infact go much futher. There is a total disconnect between "Distance from Center" and "Linear Distance", 500ly for the former is about 1,500ly for the latter. You are down to luck for finding any particular location, even ones you've visited before.    The game play is more or less a resource grind, you land on a planet, shoot at a rock with a mining laser, you leave the planet to go shoot at a different rock. There are NPC, they are of three races, all of which just stand or sit alone in one place. They never do anything, you can talk to them and maybe get a blue print or something, but thats it, there is no personality, not even real interaction.  There was an Atlas quest line, that brought you to 10 admittedly rather spiffy looking space stations. Actually I lied, there are 4 rather spiffy looking space stations that are repeated a couple of times in no particular order. It starts no where and ends in a non ending. This may last you a couple of hours (or however long it takes you to realize the map system is trash and just jump to the end). But it pales in comparison to reaching the Galactic Center.  Thats the final insult, what happens at the center. I'll rant in a spoilerific manner after the next paragraph. Suffice to say if we reached the center and had a planet sized MIDDLE FINGER to explore, this would still be less of a ♥♥♥♥ YOU than what we got. Because at least the Flipping Bird of God would be an object of interest and discussion.    It was after I had played for a while that I went out and watched the trailers, holy♥♥♥♥♥♥I wanted to play that game, too bad it's not what I bought. I'm angry I wasted money buying this, I would have been furious if my expectations were that high. This isn't a case of a fandom hyping in a vacuum, the developers were outright lying to us. Not just in the trailers, but in the words they were speaking. ♥♥♥♥ this game. SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILERYou start jumping to the center, the game silently says "nope", plays prog rock as it holds the scroll backwards button on the map screen, fade to black and dumps you at the start of a new practically identical galaxy with all you stuff broken. I think it might even have gotten the color on my ship wrong. I can't tell because my game bugged out and put me in slow mo, and I was already fighting the urge to just toss my computer out a window. So no, you don't even get to see what is so shiny at the center of the universe, you just start over again.    Seriously ♥♥♥♥ this game.
unfortunatemen	Recommended	5.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198395693386/	And now I buy it again
DepressedNapkin	Not Recommended	0.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/xxshadowrain2xx/	Why is this still 60 dollars
✪ eVo	Not Recommended	1.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197999700898/	Pros:- mr Sean Murray sold it well- the hype train was cool- i got to return it and get my money backCons:- the actual game
Yeti	Not Recommended	6.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/spaghyetti/	In light of the Steam Autumn sale and the Steam Awards, I nominate this game for The "Full of Lies" award.http://www.gamezone.com/news/no-man-s-sky-founder-backtracks-could-get-paid-dlc-3442515Sean Murray promised there would be no paid DLC, we would recieve free updates since we had already paid $60 for the game. That was last week. Looks like that's already changed as Sean has gone back on that and said that Paid DLC is possible.https://www.reddit.com/r/NoMansSkyTheGame/comments/4wxydf/im_about_to_meet_another_player_seriously/https://www.reddit.com/r/Games/comments/4y1h9i/wheres_the_no_mans_sky_we_were_sold_on_a_big_list/https://www.reddit.com/r/NoMansSkyTheGame/comments/4y046e/wheres_the_nms_we_were_sold_on_heres_a_big_list/The original thread was unpinned and deleted, not sure why. Added a repost on /r/games and there is a cached version of the original in the comments.Sean Murray promised there would be multiplayer but it would be very difficult to find one another. Soon after the game launched two streamers met up at the same place at the same time and could not see each other. The game is singleplayer. Sean has been very vague about everything since the begining and we're starting to know why. Above is a list showing the content that was planned and what is shown is an entirely different No Man's Sky. The game is not what they have promised and it not what was shown pre-launch or at E3. As you will read in many of the reviews, to many this game is not worth $60. No Man's Sky has a lot of good and can definitely be enjoyable. At it's core it is a great space exploration game that I could see myself enjoying for many more hours but the content that currently exists in the game is closer to $20-$30.The PC port is a complete mess that a very large amount of people have significant performance problems, including myself, such as very low FPS, significant stuttering and hitching, and dropping to less than a third of your average FPS after an hour of play until restarting the game. Many can't even play the game. The resolution option does not change the resolution as the in game resolution is a set sub 1080p resolution (nobody knows the exact resolution from what I can tell) and is upscaled. Every graphics option other than FPS limit and FOV require a restart. Some graphics features aren't changeable such as chromatic abberation, any LOD or view distance settings, ambient occlusion, and anisotropic filtering doesn't work. There are control bindings that don't exist for mouse and keyboard as well such as free cam as a pilot.The player count average has dropped from over 200,000 to about 30,000-50,000 within the first week of launch. This is likely because the gameplay consists of mining resources from a planet to reach the next planet to mine resources in addition to the many performance and stability problems.https://www.reddit.com/r/NoMansSkyTheGame/comments/4xfrgb/defending_bad_pc_launches_ruins_the_future_of_pc/https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Independent_video_game_developmentPlease do not defend the developers because they are indie, are a small studio, or because "games have launch issues." First off, they have had significant financial support from Sony Entertainment Studios which brings into debate whether or not they're actually an indie studio. Secondly, if you are going to charge full price $60 for a product, it is reasonable to expect that product would have the content of a full priced game as well as work like one. Some say that the game is not complete and we should have known that going in. No Man's Sky released as a finished title for a full $60. A Full release is a full release will be treated like a full release. If you are considering buying No Man's Sky I encourage you to wait until either Hello Games gets their♥♥♥♥♥♥together or the community does it for them and pick it up at $30 or less price point.[Edits --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------]If you find errors or wrong information in my review, let me know, but ONLY if you provide valid evidence. Before we start an angry mob I want to get something straight. I don't think we should start grabbing the pitchforks quite yet and I didn't make this review to make Sean Murray the devil. I come off a tad aggressive because yeah, they should be held accountable for their actions and it's pretty disappointing when something like this happens. However, I think it's very possible Sean and his team could have been in a very difficult situation where they really didn't have a right answer. He always seems anxious and stressed during interviews. Being in a 15 man team behind such an ambitious project with hype levels we haven't seen in awhile, partially because of Sony's marketing, it's understandable. It's also possible that when you invole a third party some power over the project is lost. Things are rarely black and white. Consider the situation on the other side of all of this before we go demonizing anyone. I think we should give No Man's Sky and Hello Games a few weeks to see where things go, see how they react to and handle the situation and let them show their true colors.Though the majority of the list displaying the lack of content seems to be true, there is another post that is showing that a few parts are not, specifically planet terrain features, plant life, and some animal life. That still leaves many features missing but it can also mean it has not been experienced yet. https://www.reddit.com/r/NoMansSkyTheGame/comments/4y0fbx/just_because_you_personally_have_not_seen/ 
sp1nz	Not Recommended	1.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/sp1nz/	Even if the game wasn't riddled with technical problems or wasn't falsely advertised it would still be a bore of a game in its current state. Clunky inventory system, lack of interesting goals, massive in scope but feels soulless and empty, gathering materials and traveling is a chore etc. Not sure what I was expecting but the game would be way better with only a handful of planets that were crafted with love and purpose. Now it's just travelling from generic sphere 35935 to generic sphere 25836 and wondering what is the purpose of anything - maybe that's what the reality of space exploration is but it sure is dull. Clearly not a game for everyone and especially not for me, but if it was priced at 19.99€~ with no technical shortcomings or false pretenses, then I'd be more willing to give it a pass but now it's just an overpriced and badly handled mess.
Geevum	Not Recommended	98.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/geevum/	Even though I did play this for almost 60 hours, it was a bit disturbing that a majority of what was promised was not found in the game at all.  I really tried to like this game and hoped that after multiple systems I would eventually find a creature remotely similar to any of the preview videos I've seen prior to release.  This game is simply a bait and switch money grab pushing the limits of what can be legally exempt from false advertisement.  It's rather disappointing that Steam supports this type of fraud.***TLDR: Don't buy this game, unless you want to be cheated out of $60.
toohuff	Not Recommended	19.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/itsamecolin/	If you want to pay $60 dollars for a game that runs terribly, has at most 5 hours of interesting content, an inventory system worse than Destiny's, combat worse than Minecraft's, numerous bugs/glitches, an insulting ending, and a developer that won't address the fact that they lied to everybody, then you should buy this game.
Redneck Philosopher	Not Recommended	45.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198005689168/	I played at launch, yelled at the screen and left it alone for a year.I came back with Atlas patch and in fairness the game was massively improved and actually playable.  I explored a fair bit, built a nice profitable base, upgraded stuff, etc etc.The problem I find is that the universe while vast, is just shallow.  I mean, at a certain point you just realize you are alone with nothing to do.  There is no feeling of intelligence life in the universe for you to interact with beyond a dozen different kind of scenarios so there is no real drive to explore because you know it will be the same exact situation.  Sure, you may find a new kind of world but its just eye candy with no hold on you beyond that.The game does what it tries to do well at this point but it's not a Star Trek - explore and meet new interesting people and places kind of experience and that is what I was hoping for (fair or not).If the game had a "maybe" then I would grade it at that, but for me its a thumbs down because I crave games that offer depth beyond eye candy.
Dan | Greuceanu	Recommended	37.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/greuceanu/	This is the best RESSURECTION of a game that I have seen in my life. Since the NEXT update No Man's Sky is a whole new experience. Exploring with friends is at its best in this game so look no further. One can only hope to have enough time to explore all the things that No Man's Sky has to offer. Kudos Hello Games for not letting this great game fade away.Try it, for me is a 10/10.
Zbug	Not Recommended	58.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198016642627/	Pretty good for a $10 early access game. Oh wait no, it's $60, and it's marketed as a finished product. My bad.
DaPagan	Not Recommended	65.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198004176233/	Here we go again. X- Rebirth all over again. I tried to forget that sordid experience and the money I wasted on it. But this has brought it all back to me I'm afraid to say.Where to start?I'm watching the trailer above while I write this and I'm staggered by the sheer audacity of the Devs. There are a lot of things in both trailers on steam that are either absent from the game completly or impossible to actualy accomplish.I'm not going to go over the vast list of missing features here. Theres too many. WAY too many. I can try howeverto describe whats wrong with what IS in there.There is the dull and boring plot/story, the infuriating flight controls and the terible graphics. Theres the simplistic, grinding crafting system and the complete lack of any trading system or economy. Theres the terrible galactic map that doesnt allow you to even search for names or places, let alone tell you anything about what resources a system or planet has on it without actually landing and taking a stroll. Finding your way back to somewhere you've been is almost impossible, even if you know the name of the system. But theres no trade so why would you want to I guess?I was expecting a degree of combat both space and land based and although it is present it does not present any challenge at all.I've already got the biggest ship, the largest suit inventory and the best multi tool. So I have no reason at all to craft anything ever again it seems.What was the point of upgrading anyway? There are no combat challenges so upgrading your ships only two weapon types just makes combat more dull. Same for the hand held weapons, all three of them, if you include the mining laser of course. Now I have the fastest mining tools I dont need to mine ever again.Which leaves what? I suppose I could just fly around and look at weird shaped aliens, but I've seen enough now that all variation is just repeated. I could complete the plot I suppose, but it's just too boring to bother with. I can at least tell myself I got some of my money's worth just by sticking with it for 60 hours I suppose. 
Dathas	Not Recommended	13.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Dathas1487/	When you have to enforce your refund policy, you know something is wrong. Don't take into consideration that players who bought this game may have put more than the two hour limit your refund policy allows trying to find the content that YOUR store allowed on the page, only to find out that it doesn't actually exist within the game.Incredibly disappointed with Steam for allowing this scam to happen, and not being there for their consumers when they very obviously were ripped off by false advertising and misleading previews./Endrant.
chewbaccasdad	Recommended	63.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197971175487/	Toss up between No Man's Sky and Jesus for greatest resurrection ever, with Jesus narrowly winning because Christianity has a more extensive mulitplayer.
aKindabigdeal	Not Recommended	35.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/akindabigdeal/	I think the 40,000 other negative reviews covered everything
Yaoi HARDER	Not Recommended	22.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/rileysan/	Like everyone else, I was really looking forward to this game. It charmed for a couple hours but every single task becomes a chore and you find little reason to bother moving on and exploring because 80% of the planets are sterile rocks with acid rain. All the creatures start to look the same and you even begin to recognize geological templates. I played for over 20 hours, maxed my ship inventory, and then asked myself "WHY?" a bunch of times. The biggest problem?: They are charging AAA prices for a "Concept" of a game.If you like doing chores with little payoff, play this game.
Romantic Old Man	Not Recommended	35.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/738504221/	I’ve really given this game a chance, but is not what it seems. Despite being presumably gigantic, is actually pretty poor in content. All resources look the same way on each planet, all the structures found on planets look the same way (I’ve found the same 3 types of aliens all across the explored universe). Even if somehow the planets are different (with different plants and ridiculous looking animals), you can feel that basically they are the same stuff. Also I’ve found that many of the animals start to look the same way after you’ve explored a number of planets. Also the space stations look EXACTLY the same in all solar systems. So bottom line, this game had been better off if the developers hand-made 10 awesome planets, instead of randomly generating endlessly the same things. Oh, and yes, there is not much to do in this game really and I’ve discovered over and over again the same technology (technology tree is very limited too).
Gummymonk	Not Recommended	18.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/leblebleb/	Decent game. Would recommend if it goes on sale for around $15. Complete rip-off at current price.
Bljadman	Not Recommended	4.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198047897638/	Would rather buy winrar
lil meme	Not Recommended	10.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/n0vacan3/	This game feels like a tech demo or a $15 indie game, and not like a game that charges AAA pricing. It feels unfinished and what little there is to do gets boring after only several hours. And that's coming from someone who doesn't mind grinding in games too much, as long as there is a purpose. NMS makes you feel like you are grinding just for the sake of it, as the ending of the game is a huge insult considering "reaching the centre of the universe" was so hyped and talked about. Sean Murray overpromised and severly underdelivered. I would 100% refund it if I could.
Admiral	Recommended	16.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198002124639/	no micro-transactions, free updates, Good. Is becoming a good game. Should have been advertised as Early Access, would have avoided a lot of heat.
The Somber Joker	Recommended	78.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TheSomberJoker/	For a game that got crapped on by everybody and has become a joke. Hello Games is still working to improve the game and listen to its customers even now, instead of taking the money and running. To me thats worth a lot in the gaming community.
austinw24	Not Recommended	6.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/austinw24/	As someone else mentioned, the fact that there is a refund disclaimer on here says enough. Steam sadly chose the side of the developer instead of the community. The game is nice for about 30 minutes until you realize that 90% of what was promised or shown in the trailer is not in the game. Cash those checks Steam, clearly supporting blatant lying to the community is important.
Darkness Rush	Not Recommended	30.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/DarknessRush/	*Note: This game was posted 1 week after it got released I will not be updating my review for any future updates.*"No Man’s Sky is a game about exploration and survival in an infinite procedurally generated galaxy"That is what this game was supposed to be a game with an amazing galaxy which you could explore with loads of features which were promised.But in reality we got a game that is all about grinding.You start of with a crashed space ship on a planet, you will have to find resources to repair your ship, which is a relatively easy task unless you spawned on a planet with almost no resources which was my case.After you finished that you can finally explore the "infinite procedurally generated galaxy" but after around 10 hours of gameplay you will realise that the "infinite galaxy" with "endless possibilities" doesn't really have "endless possibilities" especially with the planets.When you played the game and paid attention to details you will know there are only a few types of planets: "water planets with a few islands, extreme planets, ice planets, dead rocks with no form of life and plants, hot planets and planets with a lot of flora and fauna".all of these types of planets for example two different ice planets all have very similar flora and fauna which gives you a feeling that you already explored that planet while you didn't.Once you saved up enough for a new space ship, buying your first space ship is very exciting you get excited you are hoping for a faster ship, you want to rename your ship as they promised in the trailer, you hope you will have cool weapons for your ship.But after flying for a couple of minutes you will realise that your ship functions the same as your first ship, there is no different speed in any of the space ships, you don't have ships optimized for combat, trading or exploring which was also promised you can't even rename your ship which was of course also promised.The space combat is not exciting either, you are always out numbered and the space pirates have 100% accuracy.The space combat feels boring and annoying, every time you are traveling with your pulse drive those space pirates show up you will think to yourself: "god why?"Of course you can decide to ignore the space pirates by flying into the atmosphere of a planet or a space station, but then again they won't follow you in the atmosphere which was also shown in the trailer.if you happen to find a portal at a planet don't even bother to try activate those things they aren't working, this was also promised in a trailer by the way.Want to play with your friends like Sean Murray said in a interview, don't even try you can't.If you happen to come across a research facility you can shoot your way inside, if you fire a couple of rounds at the door then the sentinels will come after you, but don't worry about that just shoot the door until you are inside then the sentinels will leave you alone, you can just ignore them because they are barely any threat.I think I made my point here the game is repetitive, boring and after a while it just turns into a grinding simulator.It's really a shame to see the game end up like this I've been following development since 2014 and have been hyped about it since I knew about it.But if you compare the trailers to the actual product you will realise that Sean Murray has been lying.I am done defending this game I defended it for a couple of weeks but ever since I saw playstation users are getting updates I am done defending it.The developers took a huge♥♥♥♥♥♥on all PC users.Coming to a verdict I am giving this game a 4/10 it was fun for a couple of hours after that it becomes boring and repetitive.I recommend for the sake of your 60 euros to stay away from this game as far as possible.If you like my reviews please consider joining my steam groupI will be posting reviews and giveaways here for every review!
Dyro_B	Recommended	56.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Dyro_B/	So NEXT came out, reviews went up, game was 50% off, I thought, why not, right? Wasn't really sure if this is a game I'd like, I love space, exploring, building and upgrade options. But the harsh condition the game was in when it got released (reading, not my own experience), and the still ''not that much different things to do'' thing popping up here and there, I had my doubts. I'm surprised to say that I've got already 43.5hours into it. Storywise I'm just in my 2nd solarsystem, however I'm currently in another solarsystem for a side mission. Sweet. Ok, time for a review! This game has great points, but also great flaws. I'll start positive; Man, game is freaking massive. Like, I mean, I actually go to space to go to another land sight based on the same planet because flying to it on the planet surface would take multiple minutes or even hours. In space you can travel so much faster, it will take seconds instead of minutes or hours when you would do it the earth ''airplain'' way. Whether you're approaching a planet in space or just fly over the planets surface, game feels massive. And thats just 1 planet, in 1 solar system. Welcome to NMS.Different settings (desert, ice, grass, cold/hot/nuclear environments, name it the game got it, basically) on different planets, but also on the planet itself. Underground spots to explorer, bases, ships, upgrades, buildings, missions, acient buildings, lots of resources to collect, almost all planets have it. Huge tradership in the universe where you can dock in and sell, buy things, get missions, find out about interesting locations on a planet etcetera. Space fights, flaura and fauna to discover, getting your own freighter. Seriously, it's hard to get bored if you're into this type of games. I honestly basically have done little to nothing in those 43.5 hours, besides exploring, grinding resources, explore some more, find buildings with missions or locations, do those, find some more new things, lost time and decided it's time to go back to my solar system #2 for the story. Got a new ship with more slots and slightly better stats, new multitool with more room for upgrades and better stats, got my freighter and collected tons of stuff which gave me a profit of something like 15mil, not bad, not bad. Not that it's that much, saw a not thát special spaceship (I think) which was worth 33mil, like, damn give me more acient hotspots please! So the game is addictive as heck. It's offering some relaxation when you explorer, gives you tons and tons to explorer, lots of missions, collecting, selling, buying etc. Still, this game doesn't come close to score even a 8 out of 10, quality wise. So now the flaws;* Lack of backpack space early game - When you're new, like me, you don't know what to keep, what you exactly need, what to sell etc. I've ended up numerous of times throwing out stuff I needed 5 minutes later again, throwing something else away what I think I don't really need in a short period of time. Over and over again. * Lack of backpack spaces working together - You can upgrade your exosuit, get more space for normal slots (up to 250), bigger slots (up to 500), and technical slot. But the normal and bigger slots don't work together. If you have 400 of an element in your big slot and are farming more, you'll get the farmed items in your normal slot, instead of stacking up with the one in the big slot. Further more, you can stack poorly in this game. It only works when it doesn't overrides the maximum. So if you have 400, and want to add 100 but have a stack of 150, it wont work. The stack of 400 wont go to 500, leaving you with 50, but simply refuses anything. * Grinding - I don't mind grinding honestly. But you need basically every basic ingredient in multiple conditions, either to repair stuff or make stuff. With small backpacks that was even more a pain in the a. You can't use an ''upgraded'' basic resource if it requires the former state of the resource, so you grind same stuff a lot of times.* Sentinels - Pain in the a sometimes. They are everywhere, popping up if you're without one for too long seems like. They are a bit annoying. Easy to take out but harder to get rit off. A little tip; if you're close to a settlement building (still in use or not), and you go inside, you can't use guns, neither can sentinels. Further more, they don't see you dispite floating next to you in the same room. Friendly little fella.* Misplaced resource points - Going for elements like coper to a spot only to see the marker dissapear and no coper to find in the ground around where the marker was. Same for other things like ancient buildings and those stones where you can pick up a word to learn. Some other thoughts; * I've been send to the same buildings and acient ruins a numerous of times, which I already looted. So game doesn't reconize what you've already explored.* I'm missing a little bit the feeling of being into the unknown exploring something where no one has been for a long time, when there are a constant AI spaceships flying in the air, sentinels around every corner etc. * Universe is massive, but there aren't that much different races nor languagues to learn. Also all have arms and legs. Maybe because this requires less resources and is easier to code in, but so many opportunities have been missed with this. * Wild creatures are pretty stupid. Not sure if they even have AI. * Spacecombats are pretty much forced upon players. So it's important to have stuff onboard so you can repair shield. * Game has tons and tons of buildings and area poles where you can manually save and name the spot, but you can't simply fly close over it to claim it. You need to land, press a button for a couple of seconds, before taking off again. Since there are tons of it, if you don't really have selfcontrol like I seem to have in this game, it takes way too much time. Planets are massive, universe is massive, they could have made it easier so we can chose our own pace whether to land or not (not that you're forced to claim, of course). Last planet I've claimed over 80. I know, I did it myself. * I've only been in 3 solar systems, 8 planets, but I've already seen wild creatures that look a lot like eachother, or are just a mini/xxxl version of said creature. Buildings are always the same. Large container ships that have crashed are always slammed into the ground the same way. Acient buildings have little variation. Plants and trees, even layout of caves, all basically the same. If that's the whole universe basically, the auto gen is less impressive than first expected.  The game has numerous of small and weird bugs, like floating buildings, spawning in lootboxes into resources (box inside a large tree for example), some missions seems like they don't work that well (like destroy deposit, no marker, destroying multiple ones doesn't do the trick either), my ship was yesterday on fire while having no damage (restart of game was enough) to name some. Also this game could be optimised better, I don't think it's using my hardware efficiently, aka I'm not getting the FPS a game like this should offer.  And this is an opinion, but graphics overal aren't that impressive. Next to the fact that I personally would love to have seen it to be a more realistic graphic art (but that's personal and this works fine too), the quality of the textures just aren't that impressing. Conclusion: There's tons of stuff to do, but it's not that deep. You rather quickly will be doing the same thing over and over again. But there is progression, upgrades, battles etc. If you can accept that the game is actually kinda shallow, but does have tons and tons of things to do in, and don't mind having dejavus, you will def get your moneys worth out of it. It's basically ETS2 in space, with more different things to do and battles, but poorer vehicle control. So I vote yes. But I hope some of my named flaws will disappear in future updates.
Primus Palus	Not Recommended	41.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/PrimusPalus/	Let's get a couple things out of the way first. Number one, this is going to be one of the most honest reviews you'll see on this game. I'm not a troll, I'm not a fan boy... I said I would buy this game when its price was lowered to less than $40 and that's exactly what I did for the experience alone.Now, before I can discuss the various aspects of the game I need to address the elephant in the room and get past it first. No Man's Sky is one of the biggest lies that I've ever seen. Don't get me wrong, this wont affect my review, but it needs to be said. Sean Murray is one of the most deceptive, and despicable developers I have ever seen. He blatantly lied on national television, online, etc about features in this game that don't exist (even now many months after release). It's why the dev team is/was being investigated in the UK for false advertising. Don't take my word for it, search "No Man's Lie" or "One Man's Lie" and you'll find all the evidence you need.That said, below is my review of the game. If you want a shortened version, just skip to the final verdict at the bottom.OverviewThe game throws you onto a planet and giving you a waypoint to your crashed ship with very little else to go on. You have a mining tool, probably a failing suit to the environment (acid rain, cold, heat, etc), and need to struggle to survive while repairing your ship. Once repaired, the galaxy is your limit. There is absolutely no hand holding here, it will be a struggle (on survival mode).GraphicsThis game is visually "beautiful"... but also extremely ugly at the same time. Looking at planets and walking around them looks amazing. The effects looking around and flying are fantastic. But the ground textures are EXTREMELY blurry, planets look one way in space and as you get closer change drastically. AA effects are choppy, and animals look almost made out of clay. There are some significant graphics issues with this game that takes away from the experience (even when maxed out).StorylineThis game features an almost non-existent storyline. You get a main questline to obtain recipes... but it's not very up front and doesn't really do anything to tell a story. You don't understand these new races, and don't feel like you're apart of their struggle. You never find out why you're there, or what you were up to. You don't get a grasp of the galaxy and how it's laid out and just move from one system to another to eventually get to the center (which, the outcome is absolute trash and swift kick in your pants).Side QuestingThere are a LOT of side things you can do in this game, not really quests so much as "give one of -these- to an alien" who in turn gives you reputation or recipes. Or learning a language word from one of three races. Reputation does absolutely NOTHING for your character or the story. You can't pick sides in a conflict, and you can't change your destiny based on your interactions. The interactions have NO effect what so ever on the galaxy. Once you've collected all of the recipes and brought a cube, or isotope to an alien, it just repeats. Completely repetitve and boring.CombatGeneral combat is fluid and fun. The worst aspect about combat is currently what should be the most important... space combat. Design flaws exist that really have me scratching my head (like the fact that in the middle of a dogfight I need to open my inventory and manually repair my ship while still flying and fighting). No hotkeys, no hot bar, nothing. Incredibly frustrating. Ground combat involves fighting drones (sentinels) or aggressive animals. Pretty bland, but smooth enough. You can pretty much avoid all sentinels by sprinting away from them. They give up looking for you even when standing in an open field in front of them.Skills, and UpgradesNo skills to be had unless it's an upgrade to your multi-tool or ship. Very little in the way of character development and if you find a new tool or ship, that's your instant gratification. Upgrades are crafted, which can be frustrating for people who just want to explore and not grind (farm). Getting ships is also a chore, or expensive depending on how you obtain them.Game PerformanceI run a PC with the following specs:AMD FX-8370 (8 core CPU) @ 4.01ghzG.Skill RAM 16GB @ 1600mhzAsus GTX 1080 8GBWindows 10I can run the game at 30-60fps on 1920 x 1080 with the graphics settings maxed out. Generally I get about 30fps on the ground and 60fps from the air. Which when you look at the blurry textures, the HORRENDOUS pop in (which I've crashed more than once into a cliff face because of how slow the terrain pops in), short viewing distance, etc... I should be doing a lot better here. I absolutely blow this game away with my specs and yet, it struggles. Definitely in need of a significant optimization pass, even though this game launched as a FULL retail release. Not an alpha.Final VerdictThis game is fun for ONLY two people. Casuals who want to explore and just fly around. Second are hardcore fans. These are guys that stuck with the game from the beginning and don't mind the grind (they'll also defend it with their last breath and probably even vote this review down). But if you're a survivalist, like space games, etc... there are other options out there for you. This game is NOT for you. With the state of the game, poor performance, and other annoying development decisions... I have to downvote this game. Even after the Pathfinder and Base Building updates. 40+ hours into the game and I'm unimpressed. This game should have done two things... been classed as an Early Access game from the start and been priced at $30. This would have saved them from the terrible reviews and they could have explained away the blatant lies with that. But Sean Murray never ONCE explained himself afterwards. He never sat down with the angry consumers and explained why he said there was no multiplayer, large scale fleet battles, and more. If I were him I would have done an ask me anything live (like on Twitch), and explained everything. If it was Sony to be blamed, he needed to blame them. Something to make people understand WHY. With its pro's and con's and there's too many to fit into my review here (character limits)... I give this game a solid 6/10. It's ALMOST there in terms of being something I could recommend. I followed this game from the first announcement... and it failed on so many levels. I watched the launch, and followed the updates before I recently purchased this. If I hadn't paid less than $40, I would be irrate. I can see why it's rated so low.
Elc6767	Not Recommended	43.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198145305584/	Why is this game still $60?
Tango Crime	Not Recommended	26.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/tangocan/	I played this game for 23 hours, and I did not have fun.Some will say "You must have been having fun, otherwise you wouldn't have played it for 23 hours. Why didn't you stop after 5 hours?"The answer to that is: Because I BELIEVED it would get better. I had faith. People kept saying things like this:"Planets get more interesting closer to the center.""You just haven't given the game enough time yet. It gets better once you get more inventory slots.""Keep playing, I've had an amazing time."Lets say someone came to me and said "Lets dig to the center of the Earth. Theres a pot of gold there and you will be rich. Heres a shovel", and I start digging. After 10 hours I say "This sucks. I'm going back up the ladder."The gentleman says "No keep digging. It will get better. It will be worth it."After 23 hours of digging I'm still having a terrible time. Do I give up and say "that was no fun", or do I keep digging?How about if I had paid 40 quid for the shovel?edit: I wrote this review immediately after closing the game and saw "23 hours" - Steam updated a few mins later to add the last few hours I'd spent playing. I haven't played it since writing this review.
ONISAIBOT	Recommended	75.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ONISAIBOT/	After 2 years, it finally went out of Early-Access.
Jerv	Not Recommended	89.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jervinius/	Pre-ordering this game was maybe my largest regret for 2016, and given me the resolution to never pre-order a game again.
Jukebox Hero	Not Recommended	73.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Jukeboxhero161/	I waited a long time for this game, I am so upset with the final product. I would compare this to losing a leg, or to finding out about Justin Bieber.It is repetitive garbage, I have tried to get into it but after the first 10 hours it became so dissatisfying, at first the mystery of it all really sucked me in but again I would compare that to finding out Mcdonalds secret formula is people. 2141354423542513 planets right? What a time to be alive...
God Usopp	Not Recommended	4.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/OSsalad/	Basicly everything exciting for the game was a lie.I would refund if I could. :/
Rhynoslayer	Not Recommended	79.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198128131629/	Lies include, but are not limited to,MultiplayerFreighter destructionFreighters crashing into planetsDesert planetsShips that have unique strengths and weaknesses- Added in update 1.2Multi tool discovery and naming- Added in update 1.2, however, no discovery and name is only for youShip discovery and naming- Added in update 1.2, same as with multitool discoveryFaction warsFreedom with flight (not being limited to how low you can fly)- Somewhat added in update 1.2And moreDon't forget the terrible lack of planet, plant, and animal variety, and also the repetition after about 5 hours. - Planet variety is slightly better after the updatesDon't buy this game unless you want less than what the interviews and trailers show - Still trueSorry Sean, but this is not close to a full and finished game that is worth the 60$ - Get on low price sale now, its coming along and these free updates will redeem the game if they keep coming
FarleShadow	Not Recommended	19.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/FarleShadow/	Ah, No Man Sky. How do I review you?Take a delicious, hard earned serving of world building batter. Put it in the oven and allow it to gently rise and gain a golden crust of fantastic, infinitely different textures. Take it out of the oven, you master chef, then place it upon a golden user-built plate of perfection. Then give all that to your release, sorry, 'finishing chef', to give the final touches. Then watch as he slaps a thin veneer of interactivity over it and then goes on a smoke break.No Man Sky? More like No man would buy this shtako because it is basically an indie game in the extensive robes of a main stream title.And, to complete this review, I will answer the blurb on the store page:“Will you be a fighter, preying on the weak and taking their riches, or taking out pirates for their bounties? Power is yours if you upgrade your ship for speed and weaponry. Or a trader? Find rich resources on forgotten worlds and exploit them for the highest prices. Invest in more cargo space and you'll reap huge rewards.”I won’t be anything, No Man Sky, because trading is pointless, fighting is pointless and the rewards, thanks to a truly idiotic inventory system where a pearl takes up the same space as several tons of uranium and upgrades that somehow TAKE UP INVENTORY SPACE EVEN THOUGH THEY’RE, LIKE, A CPU!”Anyway, I normally wouldn’t mind dropping 10 pounds for this stuff, but no voice actors, no real interactivity, no… well nothing. I applaud them for the advertising campaign and excellent delivery. I resent them for trying to make me thing this game has any value beyond a tech demo.In short: I, having played it, will kindly give the reader of this review an invitation to message me and ask for the game that they thought NMS would be. So I can complain more.Regards,Farle Shadow. 
cryo_stasis	Not Recommended	35.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198006222811/	I'll admit it - i was sucked in by this game just like most who bought it. It's horrifically unfinished. At best, within a month of launch (i bought it in launch week), my thoughts were "Oh well... hopefully it will be like Minecraft and in time, become a fleshed out and amazing game". Now - I don't think that is at all likely. Possibly one of the most disappointing games I've bought in my life. If i'm looking for a silver lining - No Mans Sky has reminded me why it's pretty much always a good idea to wait at least a couple of weeks before buying a game, especially if there isn't a multiplayer component as there's no real reason to be an early adopter with singleplayer games. (To be clear - i never expected NMS to have any multiplayer, that is not amongst my many complaints about the game)Save your money. I don't think this would be worth it even in a $5 sale.
Unbirth	Not Recommended	2.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Jeremy82465/	So, I don't really know who this game was meant for. I can honestly say that I am totally the kind of player who loves to explore the more mundane of games, you know the collecting, farming, or oh man if there is mining. Something about mining really gets my engine going in the worst of ways.When the initial reports were coming about this game not quite being what everyone thought it would be, it didn't really stop me as it still sounded like it should be right up my alley. Yet when I played it, there was just nothing interesting there to keep me going. Sure I was collecting and arguably mining, but to no end whatsoever. I couldn't really use it for much, I couldn't collect just egregious amounts of it to flaunt my opulance. I just had no reason to do anything really, and so I returned it.I hope this game becomes a game one day, and I look forward to that day. For now though I can't recommend this game to anyone.
Oldrd	Not Recommended	11.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Oldrd/	I'll make it shortPros:-1- first two hoursCons:-1- The entire game after the first two hours  
dirtyker	Not Recommended	35.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198054421576/	Product received for free
potaytoh	Not Recommended	18.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/potayt0h/	False advertising Simulator 2016
ThomJ	Not Recommended	32.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198012931848/	Let me get this out of the way right now.  This is not a 60$ game  (in my case it was 66$). While some planets are mildly interesting, most are just copy/pasted. You'll eventually loose track of what system you're in because all the planets look the same and there's no reason to explore them other than to find resources. The creatures are uninteresting most of the time, although sometimes you find something really messed up or wierd, but that interest only last maybe a couple minutes. The gameplay gets boring pretty fast and the only reason I kept going was because I wanted to work for the ending. I even got fed up with that though! I made it maybe 10% of the way to the center before saying "screw this" and I just looked up the ending. I won't spoil it completely but it sucks, totally not worth the effort. Rant Time.Biggest issue I have is the ship controls. OH MY GOD THE SHIP CONTROLS!! THEY ARE F***ING GARBAGE!! In space, you're ship handles like a hot s***ty dog turd, randomly flinging itself in directions that you don't want to go. During combat, you have to slow right down just to point your ship in the general direction of the enemy. Not only do the pirates fight you, but so does your ship. Flying in the atmosphere is worse. There's no hover mode so good luck trying to get a close look at that mineral that didn't pop-in until it was almost under your ship! And not being able to fly closer to the ground than 50m or whatever is infuriating. I WANT FULL CONTROL OVER MY SHIP DAMNIT! LET ME MAKE MISTAKES AND CRASH IT! This also makes for a really annoying glitch. If you land too close to a steep hill and then take off again, sometimes you get flung into space. No that's cool, I didn't want to keep exploring that planet anyways. I hate the colours. It makes for a nice screenshot but it get's obnoxious after a while. I would be happy to just see planets floating in the blackness of space, but that's just a personal preference. A lot of people compare this game to minecraft (not sure why, the two are almost nothing alike) but I always compare this to Space Engine. Developed by a single guy, for less time, and is FREE TO DOWNLOAD, Space Engine has WAYYYY more varied planets. Planets with rings, planets that are tidally locked, planets with evaporating atmospheres, auroras, asteroids, gas giants, the works. AND WITH PHYSICS! So why the hell can't NMS do this?? Granted you can't really land and walk around on the planets, theres no real gameplay to speak of, but who cares? It's free! I've spent hours just looking for cool planets.This game is trash. Not only because there's a complete lack of things to do (other than gather resources, build jump cells, warp, repeat until dissapointing pay-off) but because the community was lied to. I didn't even buy into the hype and I never followed this game, but when a developer promises something, doesn't deliver on it and then charges full price for his game, he can seriously just f*** right off. Totally ruining the indie community's reputation, which is already not doing very well. I could go on but i'll just end it here. BOTTOM LINE: THIS GAME IS NOT WORTH EVEN 30$! Pick it up for MAYBE 15$, if that. I probably won't play this game again until DECENT base building AND ship building is added. AND TACK ON MULTIPLAYER SO I CAN PLAY WITH MY FRIENDS WHILE YOU'RE AT IT! I really don't care what Sean Murray's "vision" for this game is, I play games to have fun. This game isn't fun.
Natertots	Recommended	5.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/natertots1011/	They went and did it.  They made the game like it should’ve been day 1.  Absolute madmen.
filthy commie	Not Recommended	59.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/filthy-commie/	Hello.I wanted to love this game, I heard about it in early March and was instantly enthralled by just how unbelievable the scope of it was, and the potential it had. For the first 24 hours in the game, I can say I really did love it, anyone who asked me about the game I’d recommend they buy it. Around the 25 hour mark I started to notice just how repetitive the game is, not in what you do, as I always knew that was the case. However the planets were all the same. Every planet class has certain materials you’ll find on it, and those materials won't be found on another planet of a different class, even if it has the same characteristics of that other planet.. Ex: Planet X is cold, it has Element X in abundance, however Planet Y is inhabited by hostile sentinels, it has Element Y in abundance, Planet Z is cold, and inhabited by hostile sentinels, it has neither Element X nor Element Y, instead it has Element Z, which is found on all planets. That’s not me just being unlucky, In my 30 hours I’ve gone to 19 star systems and over 50 planets. This along with the massive list of features shown in the trailers which simply aren't in the game has made me realize that me wanting to like this game made me blind to the obvious issues that plague the experience for me.This will be a game I’ll reluctantly go back to after major updates, but that’s only because I can't get a refund. I believe it still has potential, but no longer will I listen to anything Sean Murray says that hasn't gone through a PR department.Thanks.
ΞΥTHΛX	Recommended	51.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Eythaxlebgmaguele/	--{Graphics}---☐ You forget what reality is☑ Beautiful☐Good☐ Decent☐ Bad☐ Don‘t look too long at it☐ Paint.exe---{Gameplay}---☐ Addictive like heroin☑ Very good☐ Good☐ It‘s just gameplay☐ Mehh☐ Starring at walls is better☐ Just don‘t---{Audio}---☑ Eargasm☐ Very good☐Good☐ Not too bad☐ Bad☐ Earrape---{Audience}---☐ Kids☑ Teens☑ Adults☑ Average Solitare Players---{PC Requirements}---☐ Check if you can run paint☐ Potato☐ Decent☑ Fast☑ Rich boiiiiii☑ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer---{Difficulity}---☐ Just press ‚A‘☐ Easy☑ Significant brain usage☐ Easy to learn / Hard to master☐ Difficult☐ Dark Souls---{Story}---☐ There is none☐ Text or Audio floating around☐ Average depends an DLC☑ Good☐ Lovley☐ It‘ll replace your life ---{Game Time}---☐ Long enough for a cup of tea☐ Short☐ Average☑ Long☐ To infinity and beyond---{Price}---☐ There is no „price“☐ Worth the price☑ If u have some spare money left☐ Not recommended☐ You could also just burn your money ---{Bugs}---☐ Never heard of☑  Minor bugs☑ Can get annoying☐ Assassin‘s Creed: Unity☐ Get a bug spray. Or more. A lot more. Or maybe a flamethrower. Or a nuke. 
glλsissnake	Not Recommended	27.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/glasissnake/	Now first things first:i am a huge fan of "only-exploration-games", i spent several hours in Space Engine and when i saw No Man's Sky the first times a few years ago, i thought that this is the next big game for me.I started to follow the development of the game one or two years ago and i liked every bit of the game.but now after i saw the final product and many posts on Reddit and videos on youtube, i am disappointed.I think that Sean Murray had many Ideas and when the release date came closer the team realized that they ♥♥♥♥ed up.The developers lied about the game, even things like on the E3, where Sean Murray played the game on completely "random" planets have been proved scripted. In the whole game after 20 hours of gameplay i haven't found planets nearly as beautiful than the planets shown by Murray.Everyone who bought this game because of the features shown by Hello Games in the last few months, has bought an product which was wrong advertised.It's just the same thing every time, the Terrain on the planets are not worth exploring because everything looks the same and in Bases or "Houses" you will always find the same stuff over and over.now about the missing features:If i order a Pizza with extra-cheese and i pay for a Pizza with extra-cheese but i just get a Pizza without extra-cheese i have paid for a different product than i got, and this is also the case for everyone who preordered No Man's Sky, it has been advertised as a different product than it is.and this is pure scamming of people who are ready to pay for the features named by the developer.I think the game is not worth 60€/$. 
Galactic Space Wizard	Not Recommended	11.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198025670493/	As it stands this game isn't what it was supposed to be, it's just an endless grind that leads to nothing. I don't mind games where you have to grind materials, exp etc as long as there's some sort of payoff, currently there appears to be none. An infinite universe of carbon, which is pretty much used exclusively to power the stuff you used to get the carbon... fun.Comparatively, I still play Escape Velocity to this day as that felt like a living universe with stuff to do, goals to achieve and massive great ships to eventually attain. I had hoped to have the same experience with this as I had with that, but alas this appears to be the bare bones (and not all of them at that) of what the game was supposed to be. I'm afraid the flesh and the rest of the bones will come in the form of paid DLC and considering what we've been given for £40, I don't have much hope for it.
argoe	Not Recommended	4.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Argoe/	I am not angry i am just sad
ShadowRFox	Recommended	61.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ShadowRFox/	So I got this game when it first released (I fell into the hype band wagon), and I felt let down to find a game that felt like it should have been released as an early access game. It was the first game I refunded on Steam. But later during one of the 2017 sales I got the game for around $35 and just left it in my library figuring it would be patched eventually. And that day have came. If you ask me 2 years ago I would summed up No Man's Sky as game that is as wide as an ocean and as deep as a puddle. But now their more to the game. -Planets feel different from one another:-their are more biomes than we got at release and each biome got more variety of plants, rocks, and geography-Creatures have more variety-Base building-Freighters (mobile bases)-Actual story mission and side missions-Multiplayer -Character design/customization -More ship varietyTheir more but that all I been able to see at first glance. I get it, this game had a horrible launch and didn't meet some of their features they talked about in interviews. But they stuck with this game for 2 years to try to make it into what they wanted it to be at launch. Most games would have just called it a day and dropped it. But to stick around and fix the game and not do something scummy like make these update into DLC. Its something to behold in this day and age. For the price of $30 (on sale at the time of this review), you are getting a good game. Is it perfect, no. But it definitely worth a $30 at this point. If they continue to add free updates to the game, then it may be worth more in the future.
Misery	Recommended	44.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/XmiseryX/	Okay.  I've waited a long time to do this review, but with Next FINALLY out, it's time to do this.  As a preface:  I have *way* more hours in this game than Steam shows.  And I'll say one other thing:  If you're still angry about the "lies" or any of that crap... just stop reading here, because this review isnt for you.  This review is about the game itself in it's CURRENT state.  Okay?  Then let's continue.The first thing I need to point out about this game is what genre it is.  Yes, that seems silly, but it amazes me as to just how many people go in expecting Elite Dangerous or Star Wars or something, and then get all confused when that's not what they get.  No Man's Sky is a survival game.  The same genre as games like Dont Starve, or even Minecraft.  What I mean by this is that it has the same sort of basic gameplay loop:  You'll be gathering resources so that you can survive, so that you can gather more stuff, so that you can build cool gizmos, so that you can survive BETTER and do and build more stuff, so that you can... you get the idea.  This is a popular genre, but alot of people go into a game like this not understanding what it's going to be like.  Yes, it's going to be very repetitive and you WILL have to grind resources at times, and it's a massive time-sink.  It's the nature of the beast.  So understand that before buying.I've played loads of survival games, and I know exactly what I like and dont like in them, and I'm happy to say that NMS does a ton of stuff I like.  Crafting and digging and building, that's all here, and its been vastly expanded and transformed since previous versions.  When the game first came out, there was no digging/building and the crafting was simple and a little pointless.  Now though, it's in line with the rest of the genre.  There's about a bazillion things to craft/build, and loads of special gizmos you can make like refineries and research stations and whatever.   There is ALOT of content here.  Fortunately the game does a great job of easing you into it, so you can learn at a pace that isnt completely overwhelming.The game isnt really about overwhelming you though.  Wheras something like Dont Starve tries to murder you every 5 seconds or so, NMS provides a relatively chill experience.  Well... in normal mode at least.  If you'd like to get murdered alot, just pick survival mode instead.  Just dont say I didnt warn you.  But yeah, normal mode is definitely "chill".  Not that you cant get your face bitten off by crabs, but still.  This works out well when considered alongside the game's big emphasis:  Exploration.  You'll be exploring one gorgeous planet after another, finding all sorts of bizarre alien plants and animals, and just seeing what amazing landscapes you can find, all in the course of the normal gameplay loop.  The game is GORGEOUS, and the improved terrain generation just adds to that even more now.  It makes exploring a joy, which is good because you'll be doing a heck of alot of it.  Each planet has different traits and available minerals and such, and each has a variety of special locations to find.  Trading stations, ancient ruins, crashed freighters, you name it.  Speaking of freighters, that's another big thing.  You can buy and command your own capital ship, complete with a fleet of frigates that can be sent out to do missions of their own.  You can build inside the freighter too, and even use it to store multiple ships.   This is all incredibly satisfying to do... there's just something awesome about having your own gigantic freighter to pilot.  And it certainly isnt the only vehicle.  You also have a bazillion different ships, and ground vehicles as well.  They all control nicely and are outright fun to use.  You have many ways to get around in style, and it really adds to the whole package.When you're not joyriding around the galaxy, you can hit up a space station and take some missions, chat up some aliens (space stations are much improved in this build), or perhaps try to take on the main story missions and learn what you can about the game's lore.  Of course, this is a survival game, so there's also alot of emphasis on coming up with your own goals, which is something this genre is very good at.  There is structure here if you want it, but a game like this really is best for players that like to decide what they want to do rather than waiting for the game to decide for them.  Again though, keep in mind that this is a slow-paced game.  Gathering resources or digging up mineral deposits takes time, and you'll be roaming all over the place to do this.  Some players such as myself love doing this sort of thing, but it isnt for everyone.  Not that there isnt action, mind you... there's the ever present and extremely touchy Sentinels, good at making you want to shove your monitor through the nearest wall (and they have new tricks up their evil sleeves now), or pirate attacks, or big fleet battles involving NPC freighters (if you're gonna help though, be sure NOT to shoot the freighters on accident).  Fortunately, there's a bazillion different technologies and upgrades you can go after to help you get things done, whether it's combat or gathering or exploring.  Get a better jetpack, improve your scanner, get better shields for your ship, get more inventory slots... there are tons of things that you're gonna want.  But it's going to take some effort and time to get them. Honestly, I cant think of too many negatives to list here.  Well, there is one big one:  This is one of those games that has a nasty case of consolitis.  The interface and such is clearly designed for a controller.  So if you like to play with keyboard/mouse, that might be mildly annoying.  While I use a controller myself, it still always bugs me when a game does this (and so many games do have this issue), and it's something you need to be aware of.  The game can also frustrate at times, particularly in survival mode.  When things go wrong, they tend to go really wrong really fast, and then you're left picking up the pieces, as your stuff can and will get broken if you die.  Again though, that's not exactly uncommon in this genre and this game is a bit more forgiving than most (usually).NMS is a game that, despite it's awful launch, managed to become something that outdoes even my original hopes for it, now containing loads of mechanics and content that were never originally going to be involved.  Each improvement has been massive, and I can say without a doubt that the result of it all is fantastic.  It's a huge game with boatloads of content and things to do and one that can really gobble up the hours, and if you're into this sort of game, you're gonna possibly love it even as much as I do... this has seriously become one of my favorites, even despite just how many games of this type I've played now.  Just, again, be aware of what you're getting here.  This aint Star Wars.  And to me, that's a good thing.  It does resemble one really specific game I can think of though... remember Starflight, from so very many years ago?  Yeah.  Makes me think of that, every time.  Now THAT is high praise from me.Oh, and yeah, there's multiplayer.  But I dont care about that, so if you want to know more about it, look it up elsewhere.  You're welcome.
NoPickles	Not Recommended	40.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/pigeonssssssss/	I was originally quite excited for this game, but it gets really boring really fast....at first you're like wow!, but then you realise that everything you do on the first planet, you do on every other planet over and over again.Game has serious potential, but so far it's not worth the money, and this is coming from someone who has wasted many hours on pointless roaming in games.Update sometime later: Still not worth it....
Sunduck	Not Recommended	136.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/_sunduck/	Repetetive grindfest.
Rob	Not Recommended	19.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/beastlybob2011/	So much wasted potential...If I had to narrow down a review to only 4 words that would be it. Once you get past the initial awe and amazement when you first spawn in, seeing this beautiful world before you, the first feeling of "awwwww yeah I'm gonna love this," you start to see the flaws. At first they're minor, like the tiny inventory, or the lack of instruction. But then, when you leave your spawn planet, that's when even more issues are found, for instance the very lacking interior of the space stations, or the empty space where fleets of trader were supposed to be. As you continue in the game, the overall lack of a real game starts to emerge. With the same repetitive grind you have to make as you try to go from system to system....It was at that moment, when one question came to my mind, "WHY DID I SPEND $60 FOR THIS GAME?" Overall the game is boring, and excesivley repetitive, also don't even get me started on that god awful excuse for an ending.I would refund this game but I think it may be some semblance of entertaining in like a year or more. Hello Games, please if you want to even stand a chance at keeping any fans at all don't even think about charging a dime for any future DLC's you may release. 
48Hz	Not Recommended	4.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/48hurts/	Product received for free
[SQD] Akogishi (AK)	Not Recommended	44.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/akogishi/	The game is okay, but needs more content. Simply put the game lacks substance. Other than the scenery, the majority of features feel rushed and are uninspiring. The features are there so that the game can say, "yes, this feature is in the game." However, my biggest complaint, which is strictly my personal opinion, is that for an exploration game that allows you to "discover" things, there sure are a lot of outpost/space stations/aliens everywhere. Not once did I ever feel like I discovered anything for the first time. The only enjoyable feature of the game are the pretty planets. Even then, the moment is ruined by ships flying overhead or robots scanning you. In its current state, I would not recommend.Edit: I have not, will not, and do not have any desire to play the game with the updates or with mods.
please be gentle	Recommended	71.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Makoto_Neysi/	with each update, we get closer to first person starbound game
Shooting Blind	Not Recommended	33.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197974037832/	Tried to refund this game 12 times with no luck, will keep trying.  Only game ive ever tried to refund in the last 11 years, this game is a scam and a lie.edit: somewhere around 32 attempts nowedit: somewhere around 55 attempts now, must not give upedit:134 attempts, i hope they never make another game againedit:433 attempts, update sucks, game sucks, you are better off♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥on an electric fenceedit 10/29/2018  wtf swimming with dolphins DLC ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, refund number 698, if i wanted to play with whales i would just give Sean's mom a call
Keytone	Not Recommended	43.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SStaff/	I cannot in good conscience reccommend this game. Misleading marketing, incomplete features, buggy systems, incoherent game mechanics, etc infest this game. While undoubtedly a technical achievement, perhaps this should be better called No Man's Game. I have utterly lost faith in the developer of this game. Of the many things that were hinted at and promised, the only good thing I've appreciated it for is making nice screenshots. This is an unacceptable level of quality for the price of this game.DO NOT BUY
B0SR0K	Not Recommended	20.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/B0SR0K/	This review contains more content than this game.
Fortnite Playa	Recommended	2.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/keephimsafeplease/	Should have released the game this year.LET THIS BE A LESSON TO ALL ASPIRING GAME DEVELOPERSRELEASE YOUR GAME WHEN IT IS DONE, NOT WHEN THE PEOPLE WANT YOU TOTHEY DO NOT KNOW WHAT THEY WANT
Luthariii	Recommended	29.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/willits91f/	THIS. This right here was what the game was suppose to be. I am having a lot of fun with this game now. Even just learning all the new mechanics is pretty awesome. I have not played the multiplayer yet (i will tonight though), and i have to say they did an awesome job so far. Looking forward to spending hours playing this, the way it was meant to be played. For anyone who is on the fence, BUY IT. Especially since its on SALE right now. Cant believe im saying this now (although im happy to), but.... you wont regret it :)
rupert da larry	Not Recommended	65.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/akstrappedmane/	This isn't a game for most people and 60 bucks is a lot considering what is being offered. For some it will be worth the money, for me it is too much.While I still have fun playing it, I just can't recommend it for most people in its current state.However, check out mods for this game. They can improve it a ton and even add some of the missing features you saw in trailers, such as:-large space fleets-way way bigger and more dense flora and rocks (forests finally feel like forests if you know what I mean)-bigger speciesThe list goes on. Modding might just save this game.
Chunky Lover	Not Recommended	6.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198095329028/	"A mile wide but an inch deep" was the title of Haedox's review, and a good one sentence summary of No Man's Sky. Since its release on PC, the amount of negative mobilization against the developer has been alarming, and overly harsh. However, behind the slandering and swinging punches there are some basic valid points. Two of which are that is was indeed released too early on PC, and it is overpriced. But for me, neither of these are why I'm not recommending the game at this time. The main issue with the game is in its DNA. Whilst being procedural allows for everything to be different, this randomness is still limited by the depth of its algorithms. Visit 1 planet and you've essentially seen all 18 Quintillion - Colours, animations, flora and fauna may be randomized, but it all starts to look roughly the same. You start to see the parameters set by the algorithms - eg. placement of objects and resources, max terrain elevation. And this problem with depth is not just aesthetic, it affects the biological and geographic complexity and interactivity - extreme temperature shifts should be reflected in the flora and fauna, life should spring up around pockets of liquid on barren planets, a two ton dinosaur shouldnt walk on the hind legs of a bird. Whilst randomness may seem like a great way of creating a whole universe, the reality is our own universe is anything but random - rather a series of interconnected and relative processes. This is what makes it interesting to discover, and what is lacking in the NMS approach. For a game that relies on exploration as a key motivator to play, I just don't feel like I'm discovering anything spectacular or original. The first three hours of the game were fantastic. Good premise - ship has crashed, needs repair. A new alien world to discover - your time on the first planet is really brilliant - taking in excellent sound design, strange plants, spotting your first creature. However once you arrive at your second, third, and fourth, you start to realise that the game's main incentive - to discover new worlds, simply doesn't hold up under the weight of procedural limitations. The interactions with aliens are entertainingly worded, but again, shallow and repetitive, as is resource collection and trade. These galactic duties are perhaps repetitive in reality, true, but where's the sense of danger in walking a few hundred meters to get that mineral, whilst the temperature is dropping 2 degrees a second? Where's the fear when you enter a planet's atmosphere, wondering if your ship will hold together? I can't really 'feel' that sense of exploration.These are my criticisms, and something that I hope can be resolved. Sean Murray had the very best of intentions for our collective experience in NMS, I sincerely believe that. and you can see them throughout his creation - however, I can't help but feel that the game would have been more interesting if it wasn't entirely procedural - A single star system, where getting to your home planet was key - each planet uniquely different, with bordered 'maps' like Destiny, rich with unique plant life and atmosphere. As a discovery and exploration game, that would have been incredible. It makes me long to relive that first thrilling walk along the lonely coast of Dear Esther.So should you buy the game? I will say this, make an assessment based on what I've mentioned in this review, but regardless of your decision, consider that the small team responsible wanted to build the game that WE wanted NMS to be, and perhaps they'll get there. But regardless, respect has to be paid for dreaming and aiming big.
RogueJP	Not Recommended	59.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/roguejp/	By far the biggest lie I've ever seen in a game in the last 30 years of playing games. 95% of the stuff the dev said would be in the game is not.  It's boring. Flying is horrible. Combat is horrible. All the planets look the same. There's no factions as promised. There's no physics at all. Just google the lies and watch the videos on youtube.  All the plants and animals look the same everywhere. It's just plain crap. Lots are planning class action lawsuits and many have complained to FTC already re: false advertisement. Don't buy. Seriously, it's not even worth $5. It should be 100% free or maybe 99 cents worse case.
LordBasset	Not Recommended	34.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/LordBasset/	FOR THOSE STILL IN DOUBTJust refrain from buying for now. It's not worth it, even if you think you'll like it. It gets so bland after just two systems. Just wait for that 50% off, and even then, don't expect too much.
flockofturtles	Not Recommended	30.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198083172856/	I love aliens. My whole life I wished I could be the charles darwin of an alien planet, so I was sucked right in by the concept of No Man's Sky. I wanted it to be everything they claimed it would be, I wanted to love it! I wanted it to be the only game I'd ever play again. Unfortunately, It was very hard to like No Man's Sky. In fact, I hated it.Never in my life have I regretted so strongly any other purchase, than No Man's Sky. Not only does the game fall short on almost all of its over-hyped promises, but it is incredibly over priced at a retail $60.00. The advertised "scale" of the immense world is only possible because the logorithmic creation of all of the planets and creatures produce cheap copies and knock offs that are boring, repetative, and uninteresting. The immensity of thier under-delivery makes Spore look like an incredible success by comparison. I sunk about 40 hours of gameplay into this, and after about 16 the patterns in the game are so blatantly recognizabgle, that any suspended disbelief comes crashing down on your head, and shatters the immersive quality.The only joy I got out of the game was naming and categorizing the various species of the more interesting worlds (which were incredibly scarce and impossible to mark for return), and learning alien languages via an extremely grindy collection system. These are the most rewarding activities in a sea of pointlessness. This game is a sandbox, so directionlessness is to be expected, but in other sandbox games, there are unique and interesting story threads and hooks to draw you to the good bits, and you are rewarded for exploring them farther. No Man's Sky has no such story, only vague and shallow references to historic events that have no impact on the game play, or the static and stiff "characters" (if you can even call them that, as the only things you interact with in the game are dumb animals and vendor merchants).To be fair, the engine is powerful, and the developers have broken a lot of ground with the way procedural generation can be used in games, and a lot of respect and credit is due there. The game is also beautiful. The bubbly and saturated aesthetic makes exploring very fun, and the style is detailed enough that you'll catch yourself admiring a lot of the flora and fauna. I took a lot of pretty screenshots cresting hills and looking out over crazy alien vistas, I even set my desktop backround as one for a while. It was a nice stress reliver after work to just fly around and name animals and take pictures.Mechanically on the other hand, the game is lacking in some simple and time-tested necessary UI features. It doesn't even have a system of mapping or tracking the worlds you have visited, making it frusturating to find your way back to resource deposits or just cool sites. The game is very inventory dependent, and the tools it gives you for managing those inventories are counterintuitive and limiting, making you constantly feel like you're being punished for collection things (which i must stress is all you can really do in the game.) The gameplay is incredibly repetitive, and grindy, as you blast rocks to get resources to build things... that make you better at blasting rocks to build more things... that also blast rocks. The combat is easy to master and the enemies lack variety and challenge, not to mention they are basically a lore-less cop-out of designing a compelling antagonist. It feels entirely like an after thought.All in all, the amount of time you have to sink into this game is immense, and the rewards are paultry and empty feeling (aside from building a ship, that was dope.) The story is weaker than hotel coffee, and the gameplay is akin to making cornmeal. A rating of 4 out of 10 would be generous, and its only because I respect the studio and what they have done here, not because I think the game experience deserves it.
Sadaharu	Recommended	87.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/sadaharubb/	Best Come-back game of 2018!
Wall Builder	Not Recommended	27.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/pinhead82/	I regret buying this more than I did Brink. I hate this game with every fiber of my being, but I hate myself more for buying into the hype.
bizkitmaker13	Not Recommended	100.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197970999714/	Don't buy for $60, this game is at best a $20 early access game. The gameplay is boring and repetitive, and after a couple hours you will have seen 95% of what the game has to offer. Go to the subreddit and look at the pretty screencaps people post and you'll get more enjoyment for free. The only bits that had me interested were the Atlas storyline and getting to the center to see what all the hype was about. Both are an utter letdown SPOILERS The Atlas story seems like it was written by a 5 year old... the big reveal of the story is that you are in a computer simulation. Really...? Really, that's the big mystery, you're playing a simulation. ♥♥♥♥ you Hello Games. Oh and when you get to the center there's nothing, the game just says “Hahaha, wow, you actually wasted your time getting here” and pulls you back out to the edge of a new galaxy for you to start over. It's NG+ without the +2/10 don't buy.
Sdspecter	Not Recommended	15.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197972523293/	So I never knew space was so boring.No man's Sky is a great idea that just never lived up to the hype. For the record I have had none of the technical issues that most players have had, and have around 10 hours on the game at writing this. The problem of the game is simply this. There is nothing epic in this game. No real reason to travel to the center of the universe, except to maybe see a cut scene or something similar hopefully making the game worth it. Once you have had an hour in the game, mined some stuff, catalogged some animals, done some repairs to your ship, and flown into space, that is pretty much it. Gameplay is repetative and more then a little grindy. Everytime you take off your ship burns 25% of its total fuel. You fly usally less then 30 seconds, land near an unexplored point, (which are bland and unmemorable), click on the point, record that you found it, rinse, repeat. Then since the game is so much fun you need to tediously mine low grade minerals to fuel your ship, power your laser, and keep life support running. Which you need to keep doing because you consume a lot of resources. Then when you mine too much you get attacked by the sentinel ♥♥♥♥bots, because, you know, mining is so much fun they need to make the game more annoying.There is a simple crafting system in the game that has done nothing to grab my attention. The ships are exactly alike in every way except the way they look and how much storage they have. If you didn't mind grinding constantly to keep supplied and liked the look of the first ship in game, there is literally no reason to upgrade otherwise. They manuever the same, they accelerate the same, they feel the same, just look a little different. Same with your multitool. All of them are exactly the same, except look, and storage.Lastly there are the alien races in the game. The ones that always stand in the same spots in their drab little settlements on every planet you visit are boring and have no real AI. The best part about them is that you can't understand them at all until you fly around to even more points, to go to ancient ruins and the such, to attempt to learn their language. One single word at a time. That's right kiddies, at 10 hours in, I have compiled somewhere around 50 words and still have no F'ing clue what they are talking about. Usually around the aliens are mathmatical puzzles to unlock items or to highlight yet another place for you to go to, which is fun right? No. These puzzles are usually noticing a pattern in numbers and could be solved easily by the average 2nd grader. Also where are the Alien cities or the like? The only thing that aliens do in this game is make you feel a little more insignificant, because actually you aren't discovering anything. You are just renaming stuff they apparently already found and are sitting on. Aliens on every world. That isn't exploring, its sightseeing.Sadly I guess I am just bitter. I really, really wanted to like this game. I wanted the feeling of epic adventure that we all dream would accompany exploration and space travel. The game just doesn't deliver. I will keep playing the game for a bit just to see if there is anything else waiting for me over the next dune, so to speak, but I am not confident anything will be over that horizon.Lastly, WTF is up with all the pastel colors. They don't have real greens, etc. in space?Epic idea, poorly executed, and not worth a price tag of $60. This is why I never preorder a game.Wait for this to be less then $20, and hopefully it will be upgraded with some revision and DLC by then.
shadow_6_6	Not Recommended	44.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198045343579/	Learned a good lesson with buying this game: Don't board the hype train.  I really wanted to like this game after I bought it (The $150 Explorers Edition).  The game is boring and you are stuck doing the same crap from planet to planet.  It would have been a good game at $10 because it feels like a unfinished beta.  It has so many missing features.  This is not the game that they showed in the trailers.
Brony Starsex	Not Recommended	94.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198138838537/	We were promised endless possibilities. What we got was endless repitition of the same basic stuff. The wonder wears off pretty quick. The mechanics are poorly thought through. You are supposed to be an explorer, and yet you cannot keep a map...... So very, very disappointed in this game.
Carnivorous Walnut	Not Recommended	43.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198046674456/	Buy it on a sale. It's a fun way to waste a weekend, but everything gets repetitive incredibly quickly. Random generation can only produce so much variance.
Odd	Not Recommended	37.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197962868845/	Let me start off by saying how hyped I was for this game. I tried so hard to make it an enjoyable experience for myself. For the first 15 hours you're going to absolutely love it but you will eventually realize that your experience playing up until then will continue to be what it is, and that is about it.37 hrs played, 60k light years from the center of the galaxy and now i'm stuck in a solar system which crashes my game regardless of what I do when I load the game up. I am heartbroken if that is how I can summarize my experience.
Nips	Recommended	26.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/quadronips/	Hats off to Hello Games for sticking with NMS and adding a hell of a lot of content.2 years later and it's finally the game I got so excited for.
MikimicBo	Not Recommended	52.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198170350590/	I’ve really given this game a chance, but is not what it seems. Despite being presumably gigantic, is actually pretty poor in content. All resources look the same way on each planet, all the structures found on planets look the same way (I’ve found the same 3 types of aliens all across the explored universe). Even if somehow the planets are different (with different plants and ridiculous looking animals), you can feel that basically they are the same stuff. Also I’ve found that many of the animals start to look the same way after you’ve explored a number of planets. Also the space stations look EXACTLY the same in all solar systems. So bottom line, this game had been better off if the developers hand-made 10 awesome planets, instead of randomly generating endlessly the same things. Oh, and yes, there is not much to do in this game really and I’ve discovered over and over again the same technology (technology tree is very limited too).
Warhawke	Not Recommended	45.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198006573232/	The game is not nearly as bad as the vast majority of reviews suggest. I found myself enjoying a great deal of the game. If you have the time and money to invest there is definately some fun to be had.However, I can't recommend this for several main reasons.1) Who makes a game about exploration that has no mapping system what-so-ever? This is simply unforgivable. Find something interesting but can't use it at the moment? Too bad you will never be able to find it again. We need a mapping system that shows discovered POIs as well as user assigned waypoints and map notes, as well as a way to tell whether a POI has been explored already.2) We fly spaceships around the galaxy but apparently no one knows how to make a basic compass. 12th century sea captains had access them, my 21st century cellphone has one. Why is this missing? Everything in the game is visual flight/dead rekoning only.3) The economy system is horribly broken. The best way to make money by far is to sit in a station and buy arriving ships cargo then run to the trade station and sell their stuff for twice the price.4) For a game that is all about flying around planets and landing on them - why in the heck can't I easily look DOWN? Didn't any of these spaceship manufactures ever get a request for a landing camera? Moms have these on their minivans so they don't back into the garage door FFS. Find something interesting fly near it and hit the LAND button and hope for the best. You might land where you want or you might fall into a canyon and be stuck. Oh and you use special resources for every take off so forget easily just taking off and moving your ship a little. I've even gotten my ship stuck on top of little elevations where it was difficult to even get back in the ship. Why don't we just have vertical thrusters like every other spaceship game ever made.
WAFRO McAFRO	Not Recommended	4.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198075012049/	they lied about almost everything.
Awpenheimer	Not Recommended	13.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198047227603/	Loved the game at the start. Followed the game for 3 years of development. After aout 10 hours of gameplay, I realized that a ton of the promised features had been either changed, or removed entirely. I am looking forward to feature patches (if they make any) and I hope that they fix some of the problems, but I definitely feel let down by the developer and I am especially unhappy with the "price to gameplay" ratio. For what its worth, the exploration is pretty cool and there is a lot of potential there, but overall there just isn't enough to keep a a player interested except for maybe the die-hard fans who will defend this game until their last breath. So overall,Don't buy this game unless its on sale for like $10. You will eventually (if not immediately) regret paying any more for it. Great idea, great visual effects, but every thing else is lacking and isn't worth anyone's time or money.
thethinktank	Not Recommended	36.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197997171140/	They built a great platform, but they didn't build a game. Sadly, they charged for both. I'm terribly disappointed with this purchase.
AWC3117	Not Recommended	22.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/AWC3117/	Yea, this game sucks.
ManaWorm	Not Recommended	7.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198027772482/	No man's sky = con man's sky.60 Erous for an animated wallpaper simulator.do not buy it now. wait until the game actually works, hoever long that may take.And here are some of the lies that Sean Murray told.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cJ-tgaE37UE 
Boostmooster	Not Recommended	13.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/boostmooster/	The amount of false advertisement going on with this game is unbelievable. If you compare the screenshots and videos on Steam as well as from other sources, you will notice a DRASTIC difference when you actually play the game. I have no come across any such "beautiful" planet that is shown from the videos, not even close, and I am able to play the game on high-end settings. That brings me to my next point, the game is poorly optimized and falsely advertised minimum requirements. The game has a minimum requirement of a GTX 480 but even on my GTX 970 I have constant crashes and FPS stuttering out the wa-hoo. The 11 hours of my game time on this game is spent loading up from crashes or trying to close the game since it freezes for me and seeing I can't close it until I force close Steam from my task manager. Also, if you're looking for multiplayer from this game, find it somewhere else as this game boasts multiplayer and seeing other players, but there is ZERO multiplayer interaction.
Cesar The Salad	Not Recommended	9.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/cesarthesalad/	So let's say one day someone said to you, "Real soon, I'm gonna bring you a box with the 10 most delicious ice cream flavors you'll ever eat in your LIFE!" You would, of course reply, "Awesome! I love ice cream! I'm looking forward to that."So when you ask about the ice cream box, this person gets really excited, and tells you about all the different flavors and all the delicious toppings they come with, and he even shows you pictures and videos, and he assures you that all those great things will come in that one box, and he gives you a reasonable price for it.Of course, you would say, "Sweet! I'm getting all of that for that price? Of course I'm getting it."So the day finally comes when you'll get your box. You pay the man, and he opens the box. Inside, you find a single bowl of your favorite flavor of ice cream. You go ahead and try it, and it's absolutely deliciouS.So you say, "Well, this is some darn delicious ice cream, it's got a decent topping and all. It may be the most delicious ice cream I've had in a long time. But.... what about the rest of the flavors you promised?"And the guy says, "I'm glad you like the ice cream! We worked very hard to make this ice cream, and we love that you enjoy eating it! As for the other flavors, those MAY come down the line later. Maybe. Well, goodbye!" And with that he leaves.So after finishing the ice cream, you finally realize what happened.The question is not whether the ice cream is good or not. Cause it's some darn good ice cream. So good in fact, that you'd recommend it to other people, it was so delicious. The question is, where's the rest of the ice cream the guy promised you and that you paid for?Will he ever come back to give you what's missing? Will he charge you more for getting it? Were the other flavors even real? You don't know. You just don't know. So...... would YOU recommend someone to get the box of ice cream you got.... or not?
Autositz	Not Recommended	141.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/autositz/	Well.. how to waste 60€Buy NMS as a pre-order...I totally regret that i wasted so much on this.. expectations where high.. lots of promised from the devs... almost non fulfilled... most importanly the lack of "MULTIPLAYER".Game gets way too repetetive at a ♥♥♥♥ing short playspan time. The limit to the inventory currently at 48 is much too low for all the stuff you are supposed to collect AND NOT EVEN ABLE TO STACK! (All the Trade Commodities)Yeah, I enjoyed it for the first few hours.. much stuff coming to you in a short time.. but once you reach a certain treshold.. NOTHING HAPPENS anymore. The same stuff just repeats in an interval you set yourself.. either you stick to a planet for alonger timespan or you jump systems as fast as possible. Repeat.. repeat.. repeat...Even games like Minesweeper, Solitair or Mahjong over more variety than No Man's Sky... (felt variety)If you can get the game for 20€ then grab it. The game is worth the 20€ but definetelly NOT MORE! In its current state.[edit]21.November 2018Well.. what can i say.. they managed to make the game actually what they promised two years ago..... sad that they didn't be open with the problem back then.. so the game is finally what it was promised to be... so the review will stay at negative because of that. If they were open with their customers right from the start it would be worth to revoke the negative review and make it a positive one because i am actually enjoying the game right now and have put a lot more hours into it since the Update in the mid of this year.[/edit]
victor	Not Recommended	37.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197970599185/	*Warning, spoiler in review* Completely disappointed. it turns out to have less context then game like minecraft. mindless travel collecting stuffs just so you can travel more, the building are uninspiring, the story complete piece of crap, worse to all is the ending, which utterly punish the player for all the hard work they put into all the travel.   You start all over again.spend your money elsewhere, don't waste your time here.
Mommerman	Not Recommended	21.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198030694630/	All the promises, never effectuated. This should be illegal
Lord King	Not Recommended	17.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/lorde_king/	This game isn't worth paying that much for it. they say it's a vast universe but the game size tells another story. I think it gives you the illusion that ur travelling in space while all it does when you hit the light speed travel button or enter a black hole is that it regenerates the same place randomly the funny thing about it is that you still keep doing the same thing over and over again the story is weak and not even interesting the aliens are boring even the Atlas mission ain't worth following I deeply regret buying this at all.
kbrook	Not Recommended	13.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198025112130/	Incredibly repetitive. Lots of potential, none of it realized.
Shedding	Not Recommended	49.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/wickedsoul1/	Why do I keep getting kicked in the balls??  I have made the same mistake of pre-ordering and I keep telling myself not to do it.  You will get kicked in the balls, I keep thinking.  Again, I pre-ordered and just like x-rebirth and minerwars 2081. I GOT KICKED IN THE BALLS.Now, for why this happened to me:The game is definitely a game.  No doubt about it.  It has all the mechanics needed to be a game, but that is about it.  They threw as much as the could to make the shell of the game, then they said "Game is done" and charged us $60.00 US American dollars (Living in North America).After playing for roughly 40 hours.  Here is what I find wrong with the game so far:1. When I take off from my ship, randomly, I will be shot up into space.  No trusters, no 45 degree angle into the horizon.  It seems like I have some kind of antigravity field on my ship because that sucker just takes off vertically and puts me right into the stratosphere.  All complements of a weird random bug.2.  Every trading post, colonial outpost, pod, transmission towers or basically any place I visit in a planet is the same damn rehashed building with the same ingame assets.  You get crafting recipes from manufacturing outposts, you get stranded ship beacons through transmission buildings, you get multi tool recipes through abandoned shelters.  Everything is incredibly cookie cutter.  Procedural generated.. My left foot.  3. The game ran like a dog limping home after being hit by a bike.  After going to the forums and doing this and that - Opening up text files changing words from true to false, telling my video card it can't use shadows, overclocking my computer (but not too much because else it will freeze again) - The game still ran like the turd my dog took after arriving home limping.  I did the experimental thing and upgraded my video card drivers and now it runs a bit better.  Here is the kicker, and it is still something that still happens.  I can count the amount of times I go in and out of my ship and there must be a magic number of times I go in and out until the game starts to stutter as if my computer just ran out of it's last amount of ram.  My only solution is to restart the game.4.  The thought that went into solving puzzles to get rewards is outstanding.  I go to a transmission building and you have to solve the puzzle of what's next - 1212, 2121, 1212, xxxx - Take a WILD guess what number you need.5. The way the game handles the user interface.  WTF! - When I find another ship the first thing it prompts me "Compare"?  Uhh yeah.  Show me the god damn ship.  Why should I even press the compare button.  It should just show you the ship and decide if you want to take it.  Now here is the kicker.  I want to dissasemble the items on the ship I found and transfer them to my ship.  I can't do that without me accepting the second ship as my own.  WHY CAN'T I JUST TAKE THE ITEMS AND PUT THEM IN MY SHIP'S TRUNK?  I also can't access my exosuit inventory while I do this, so I am forced to jugle inventory around just to be able to take everything.6. Please give me a damn compass.  Which way is the magnetic north of some of these planets? At least give me Dora the explorer here.  She might have a better idea of where to go.  Or give me some damn smoke signals so that I know which way I am going.  Let's say I find a good source of gold ore, or I just loaded up my ship's trunk with all this stuff and now I need to sell it.  Well, I can't find the trading outpost because the way point has just dissapeared (WTH).  It is very difficult to find your way around because you can barely find your bearings.  Sure, you can travel faster than the speed of light but these ships interior look like my 1977 Nova without a guidance system (how does that even work?) - Again, if this wasn't enough.  When you visit a place you get this damn cut scene that lasts about 5 seconds as if saying "ohh you have found this! WOW"  but after the 200th time doing this you almost don't feel like even going to the saving pole.  Once I leave the bulding and I want to go back to it there is a way point.  The way point has a deep color if it hasn't been discovered and it is grayed out if you have already discovered it, but there is a damn bug that shows you the way point as fully deep color until you get close to it.  Then it becomes grayed out "THE RAGE....."  that is how I feel "RAGE" when I travel for 5:45 minutes just to find a way point has already been found by me because this thing can't tell me if I was there or not before.7.  Talking about all these places you can visit in a planet.  Well, if you spend enough time on a planet looking at all the buildings.  Your hud will start to get filled with markers.  SO MANY MARKERS to the point where you can't read what each says or how long it will take to get there.  I used to work for quality assurance at a big video game company and this would've never flown (you see what I did there.  Spaceship - Flown).8. The ship's controls are completely unintuitive.  Even when you manage to move the ship around with a mouse, your yaw movement with keyboard is useless.  It just helps you straighten out the ship - Hell, if they are already not allowing you to crash the ship (as you can see, the ship moves out of the way when you are about to meet a flying boulder) why not just make the ship self stabilizing and only allowing you to move spin if you put it in manual mode.  9.  Which takes me to one other thing.  I landed my ship close to two big flying boulders.  The ship decided there was no space to land and moved forward underneath the two flying boulders.  Guess what happened when I tried to take off?  My ship kept on hitting the boulders until it blew up.  Over and over and over with no way to go in reverse or move out of the way because of these clunky controls.  I had to restart my game from an earlier save. - Not cool.10.  The unecessary grind.   This one is not a bug but it bugs me.  Because if the game was noble enough to not insult my intelligence it would be fine to grind for that shinny new object.  Make is smart, make it worthy of something.  But when you are releasing a game that will make you upwards of 50 million dollars have the decency to not treat me as a stupid consumer.  I have to grind in a very methodical mathematical manner to obtain upgrades in a linear fashion.  Terrible.  An incredible uninspiring design.All in all, I did have fun thinking what the next corner was going to show me.  What will the next planet bring and I am still working my way to a fully stocked ship before I start to really see everything the game has to offer - I just have a bad feeling it is going to make me grind towards the center somehow.  I give this game a solid 5.7/10 - I had to give it that .7 to express to you that it was almost a 6.  This could've been so much more.  I will update this review as I play more or find more to say.
Ugandan Warrior	Not Recommended	12.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198083932486/	Really need a refund.
Rifled	Not Recommended	85.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197961264306/	NEXT Update Review in progress:So I have not touched this game since its first release.  With NEXT now out I thought I would give it another shot.  All I can say is THE GRIND IS REAL.  Add a few more things, make it look nicer and multiply the orginal grind times 10X and you have NEXT. I want to like this game but the new super slow progress just riuns it.  I started a new game as there are so many new mechanics out there you really have to start a new game to understand them.  I have spent about 10 hours on a new game and progress is slow.  Only a couple of slots added to my exosuit, can't afford any new multitools.  I found my first crashed ship and after three hours of just focusing on it I still don't have it comletely fixed. The amount of resources it takes and the exreamly slow gather rate it takes forever.  At this rate it will take 1000+  hours just to get a fully upgraded ship.  It really is about survival as I spend near around 50% of my time just trying mine to refuel my multitool and exosuit so I can mine.  I will jump into my old save since I don't have 1000 freeking hours and see but I still really cant recommend this game even though I really want to,OLD REVIEW:Insane: Definition; Continuing to repeat the same tasks with no noticable results or outcome. Synonym; No Mans Sky.    If there is anything I can say about NMS is that it simulates the emptiness of space and the monotonous repetiton of survival very well.  A huge ground breaking game with not a whole lot in it. NMS is best played casually at your own pace a little bit at a time.  If you like story, structure and action, NMS is not for you.   If you are looking for a space sim, this is not it.  If you like setting your own goals and just exploring, then NMS will fit you well.  Out of the 60+ hours I have spent in NMS, maybe 10 were fun.Surviving at first is fun.  Fixing your ship up, upgrading your exosuit and multi-tool, finding bigger ships is all fun at first.  The first time you get off your planet and start discovering new planets, new systems.  But after a while every planet starts to look the same, hey that one creature has two more legs than the last one.  There are a few really nice planets. A lot of barren dead ones.  Again, realistic space. I think in 200+ I visited during my trip there were 2 that I enjoyed and a handfull of memorable creatures.  The rest is a blur.  Getting to the center of the galexy quickly becomes a boring chore.  Refuel, Repair, Warp, Repeat.  Do this for 24+ hours and you will get there.  Finding that one resource you need to fix your broken hyperdrive from the last black hole will give you a nice fustration headache.    NMS is stable now in its latest build.  Before the patches this game was an absolute nightmare of instability.  Get this game on sale if you want it.  It may be huge, and eat a lot of your time, but the fun factor is just not there.  I wish there was a neutral recommendation but I have to say for $60, no.PS. I never did find a sentinal walker.
spifomie	Not Recommended	20.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198016997891/	No mans lie. Whole paragraphs of promised features stated across multiple interviews and videos even days before the release of the game are not even present in a buggy form. They just simply don't exist in the game.A title developed by a small indie team doing indie work that has a AAA price tag. Do not purchase unless on 50-75% sale.No refunds available either. Should've bought through GOG.
Woody Bobo	Not Recommended	83.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ghost_turtle/	G*ddamn, where to begin? First I should say I initially gave this game a positive review. I was just gonna edit that review and add below the reasons for me changing it but f*ck it. Deleted it. This has to be one of the biggest disappointments I've ever experienced. Not going to get into too much detail because honestly it's been covered to hell and back.The game for me, started out fun, even with the empty promises I still found myself enjoying my time in the game. I tried to convince myself that I was still enjoying it 20, 30, 40 hours later. And at times I was, in small doses. The drive I guess was to keep seeing more planets but honestly, its all gone now. I cant do this sh*t anymore. Its the same thing over and over again. Literally, everything. Same buildings, same npc aliens. UI is terrible. That on top of every g*ddamn misleading videos/articles from HG leading up to release. Its just shady♥♥♥♥♥business. I'm ashamed of myself for supporting this garbage. $60 for a misleading, half♥♥♥♥♥alpha that was suppose to be complete. And getting to the f*cking center. Dont even get me started. This game aint nothing but a slap in the face from HG. Sh*t really just pisses me off the more I think about it, all the videos and interviews I've been following for years now. Had HG been up front, released the game for $20-30 and in EA (earlly access) everything would be different here, but since they sold their souls to Sony, and sony doesnt allow EA games, that didnt happen. One day maybe we'll see the full version but as of right now, f*ck this game.
BrⒶvo	Not Recommended	12.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Flagger44/	I wish there was a nutral review.  I didnt enjoy nor hate this game.  I seleted no for recomendations because I feel a negative review more suits how I feel about this game.  I like the idea of exploring an infinate universe.  Although there needs to be something to do in said universe.  No Mans Sky falls so short on so many reguards.  First of all, the game has no real point other than travel to the center of the universe, something easier said than done.  Plus when you finally reach the center it just restarts you   The game has great ideas, and if it was $5 or $10 I would recomend it.  But because of its price and the fact it gets boring after the first 2 hours.  I would recomend Starbound.  A game similar to this except in Starbound the focus isnt just exploration.  Spend your money elsewhere.
Fudge Dredd	Not Recommended	19.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/chocolate_rambo/	Product received for free
alphatapir	Not Recommended	156.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Alphatapir/	(This review reflects the state of the game as of August 2016)(Updated) This game was highly anticipated and I was really looking forward to it. I like many ideas and concepts in the game and the general look and feel is gorgeous. The game feels very relaxed and enjoyable. It could be a lot of fun. But.As of today, this is why I would suggest to wait for at least the next two or three patches before buying this game (aka: 3 months or so):* the storyline feels a little "thin" and is easy to miss alltogether.* (FIXED!) the game stutters and lags like hell, even with the latest "No Man's Sky optimzed" drivers.* the "radar" is basically a hoax / dummy and does not help you in any way. It is just a waste of GUI-space.* your ships' scanner looks neat but thats it.* your personal scanner is very picky about what it revaels to you. While it tends to miss ressources you are needing, it keeps pointing out others you already depleted (espec. platinum flowers, for example.) The scanner won't tell you about animals / aliens.* buildings you see don't necessarily get flagged.* (probably fixed) Locations you discover as a tag on screen will be lost on reload, espec. operation centers and factories which really sucks, since you need to invest ressources to discover them.* The chance of not getting the antimatter recipe is stellar and if that happens to you, you are grounded for ages (two real days now in my case).* landing on landingpatches or generally anywhere close to where you intend to land is a matter of pure luck.* many important functions and features of the game are not explained anywhere (are recipes for the multitool consumed? why does one sometimes launch from ground to orbit, sometimes not? etc. etc.)* avoid space/air combat vs small ships. they will outmaneuver you no matter what.* Why aren't there personal notes (saved locally, not uploaded) to a discovery? Like "Is hostile" or "Rich on copper" or whatever?Due to the fact that you need antimatter to do interstellar travel, getting the recipe for creating antimatter is a cornerstone in the game. Unfortunately it is very very very easy to miss that step. There is no second chance in case of a blunder . Same will possibly be true with other "story milestones", which feels like the game was not really thought through. Sadly, this is true for many detials throughout the game. One can actually find the missed recipes, but it takes some serious time and effort. In my case it took more than two days of grinding only factories and operation centers to finally get antimatter. The game itself does not exactly help you there.All this cobined: To some degree No Man's Sky is exactly the game that at the same time I always wanted and never wanted to play. No Man's Sky has a lot of potential and many shortcomings and bugs. It sure is a lot of fun and a lot of frustration.As said above: Wait till the first two patches went into the game before buying.The first patch helped with most of the technical issues (stuttering, lag). 
Gloomy	Recommended	71.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/gloomydork/	When the game first launched, I was incredibly dissapointed, I'd felt cheated out of 60 dollars. By the time I'd realized how bad it was, It was already too late for me to refund. A full year has passed since then, and I am utterly astounded by the progress that has been made in the development of this game. The dev team cares about this game, there's no way they'd have continued trying to make improvements to the game if they did not care. Don't expect an action packed thriller, expect a calming experience. Despite the original uproar, where this game was placed in the middle of a massive shiticane, the game still manages to place in me a childlike wonder that I have yet to experience since I was... a child. The awe and wonder of discovery as you first explore the planet you were crashed on continues as you make your way out of the atmosphere, and eventually to the stars. The music only adds to the atmosphere(pun intended), and is still good without the game. So let's go over the pros and cons since the original launch.pros+Overhauled story (latest update) 30 hours+Mission system (latest update)+System Economies, wealth, conflict+MULTIPLAYER!? (limited) (currently VOIP, but the foundations of more complex multiplayer)+Worlds have been improved since launch+scenic crashed freighters+NPC Guilds that you can join and earn standing with.+interstellar trading+improved space combat+improved Atmospheric flight+many new ships+temperature measurement can be in freedom units+freighters+base building+way less stuttering and lag than at launch (could be my updated graphics card)+Atmospheric, calming gameplay(again, pun intended)+The dev team carescons-When you boil it down, it still continues to be a survival game about farming resources.-Priced too high compared to other games you can get.SummaryThe devs are committed and the game is beautiful. Still overpriced, I reccomend picking it up when it is on sale. The game is becoming what we were originally promised. Thank you Sean Murray, I finally  feel like I'm getting close to my money's worth with this game.6/10~Astr0
skeetineaton	Not Recommended	53.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198065774109/	I'm far from the first one to state this, but for as much possibility as this game has, it falls flat on pretty much every level. The only consistently interesting thing about this game is the initial plethora of new and exotic looking species, and planets. But even that gets stale after the 6th or 7th planet you've visited. It might be worth a play just based on the often stunning visuals some of the more exotic planets give you, but the graphics just don't hold up. They may look tolerable while stationary, or scanning an item but as soon as you get moving the FPS plummets. Save yourself some money and time and just pick this up when it drops $40-50.
=][=  Mark Abrams	Not Recommended	130.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/markabrams/	I want a damn refund...for over a month now the damn game is unplayble for me.crash after startup.no reaction from the HG support.no known workarounds are helping (reinstall, setting file editing ect.)beside all that .. i really tryed to give this thing a fair chance... i really did .. for round about 60 hours.honstly ... this game is the biggest ♥♥♥♥up 2016.i just hope a lot of people learned a lesson from this.i was against preoder and hype before this turd hit the fan,but now i'm so against that even femnazis would think i'm to radical.sriously from now on all devs can go suck a big one until they have prooven that they have a finished product wich is in a working order.
Honelith	Recommended	76.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/honelith/	1.0 = No way.1.1 = Hmm.1.2 = Getting there.1.3 = This is how the game should have released.1.4 = I'm very excited to see what comes next.No Man's Sky, not only is it a very unique game but it was released in quite a state with many talked about features missing. It seems Hello Games are commited to fixing their game and are well on their way to delivering these missing features and adding a whole lot more. Atlas Rises was a suprise to me, I wasn't expecting so much to be added and changed. I vaguely followed 1.1 and 1.2 and wondered if one day this game will be something even more special and I reckon it now is. A shame the way they handled this game at release but oh boy is it now a game everyone will be watching and talking about.Weldone on the improvements, keep it up!
SixTree	Not Recommended	17.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198150478185/	This game is basically just a screen saver that generates random alien landscapes to look at.But instead of automatically moving to the next slide in the slide show; you have to shoot a rock, tinker with a menu, and sit through the count down timer of space travel before seeing the next slide.
Mr. Pickles	Not Recommended	40.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197972453979/	$60 to mine, fly, mine, fly, mine, fly, sell, fly, mine, fly, mine.0/10 will never play again.No multiplayer, paid DLCs coming, game is full of false promises more than it is full of features.
n0nesuch	Not Recommended	26.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198022065957/	I tried REALLY hard to like this game.You shouldn't HAVE to try to like a game.It's a $20 indie title passed off at $60 AAA.Sooo, after giving the game over 25 hours.... I've officially given up on it. It irks me that the fake game trailer that they tried to pass off as actual gameplay footage is still the first video on steam for this game. THE GAME DOES NOT LOOK LIKE THAT. Seriously, how the ♥♥♥♥ is that NOT false advertising? Yeah i know a lot of games do that♥♥♥♥♥♥but that doesn't make it right.The game is just a nothing game.. boring and empty. Which is a shame because it looked like it had a lot of potential. It just seems like they didn't get around to adding any content for it.Some people like it, I'm glad you guys found something worthwhile in it. I wish i could say the same... but another walking simulator with some bad space combat thrown in isn't a game i want to spend anymore time in.Absolutely the LAST time i ever pre-order anything on the basis of E3 videos and developer hype.
Infinite1lol	Recommended	664.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198074628582/	UPDATEAfter two years of playing this game and about 500 hours in it, It's leages better and blows anyexpectations I've set when I first saw the trailers.It has so many features from all the updates, you'll easily lose yourself in it for hours at a time....sometimes days.NEXT update is basically No Man's Sky 2.0. No questions asked. I'll be buying this game for my ps4 pro as well.The game is definitely worth it.
f0ba	Not Recommended	40.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/lklm11181997/	I thought the Division was a let down, this is like pure sad... Goddam my money, this year has been bad...
Hanreas	Not Recommended	22.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Hanreas/	1 Hour into the game, some interesting mechanics to work with, the idea of improvement seems appealing, you run around finding new things occasionally jumping into your ship2 Hours into the game, the mechanics start being streamlined, you use the ship to move from point of interest to point of interest3 Hours into the game, you find a new planet and continue the PoI hopping with new scenery, occasionally naming new things4 Hours into the game, you have experienced everything this game has to offer and have successfully wasted £40 and 4 hours of your life
ZeusGR	Not Recommended	50.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198015721385/	The game is a big lie, everything that is there shown or said wrong, it freez the game mechanics is not working as it should, flying is almost impossible,lands where it wants not even on a landing spot warks right. The first time that I'm refound and everyone who wants to buy the game finger off, it is not worth 60€. Even the pics and the videos here on steam are not what you get in the game.Hello Games should be ashamed
MARIUS	Not Recommended	45.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198167399860/	Boring, buggy, shallow, insanely repetitive, falsely advertised, pointless waste of time since there is nothing in the Center of the Galaxy. Failed to get a refund on this game but I might save you $60.
Drake	Not Recommended	30.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/drake76/	I find this game to be boring. The first 20 minutes are interesting as you are struggling to survive, but after that it is quite repetitive. The aliens NPC's are shallow. The planets, moons, buildings, space stations, aliens, enemies, etc.. all repetitive. There is no defined narrative. I can learn a word here or there to help me decipher a random one sentence statement a random alien makes because he needs a specific kind of rock, or not bother. I preorderd the game. Didn't get wrapped up in the hype or the bitter disappointment of some. I played for 3 days and now haven't played in weeks. I am not inspired to try again either.Overall, pretty disappointing. Just like this review.
Chaos Compiler	Not Recommended	75.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/chaoscompilerYT/	When No Man's Sky was announced in 2013 it was the definition of endlessness in the Gaming industry. Unlimited Opportunities and hours of fun gameplay. Now, it's finally released with high expectations and enormeous preasure, which it couldn't overcome in the end. I jumped onto that hype-train like many others did.Now as it's here it isn't nearly that what was promised over the years. Sean Murray and his team have pushed the game to such a high level. The promised features, "every planet is so unique" and stuff. After a few hours you land on a new planet and seriously have nothing to do. I have to admit that this universe is enormeously big with 18 quintillion planets, but the problem is they are partly so similar. For instance, the caves look the same on every single planet. Then it comes to the creatures... After a while you clearly recognize a scheme Hello Games adapted on the fauna system. Animals have these and these legs, this and this head, this and this height, and thats it. This univere may be endless and stuff, but you can cram its content into a single pot, if you know what I mean.No Man's Sky is my dissapointment of the year, although the year isn't over yet. I know that there are people who have fun and joy after hours of repetition, but for me, a game must deliver something, wich keeps you on playing. No Man's Sky promised something unique, but it didn't.Rating: 55/100 
Oyyou	Not Recommended	14.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/oyyou/	First 4 hours are great.Boring and repetitive after thatDon't spend more than £15 on this game.**Will update accordingly**
Cod Man	Not Recommended	99.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Squirrely1337/	Tried very hard to enjoy the game and see it through. A mile wide but and inch deep is the perfect analogy for this experiment. Not worth the $60 price tag.
TimmyNoThumbz	Not Recommended	2.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198083082166/	Cons:The game itselfSean Murray's lies and deceitPros:The refund mechanic works wellBrief comments:In all seriousness, stay away from this game. The devs have lied from the very beginning. No MP, very little to do once you've go a working hyperdrive, just rinse and repeat for 40 hours. And now, they've done a u-turn on their DLC policy. Basically; "Sorry guys, when we said all DLC would be free, we really meant that we'd hoped that you would feel obliged to buy the DLC because you feel cheated about the base game." Full price for this garbage is the biggest joke since EA's Battlefront. Avoid like the plague.
Catawing Nightfang	Not Recommended	11.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198058004985/	TL;DR Game built on lies, gameplay shown at E3 was made just for E3 and does not reflect actual gameplay.  But your planet can be red, brown, snow, baby puke green, or purple/blue and you'll encounter the same spider-crab things that also come in 3 colors!!Hello Games does a great job of marketing and also maaking technological advancements look terrible.My review/rant:I was super psyched for this game (yes, because of the hype train, but who wasn't pulled in on that?) and it is a massive let down.  If you are interested in playing massive let-downs, you can play Pokemon Go for free, whereas this game is $60.  Also, keep in mind that Sean Murray of Hello Games outright lied about features that weren't included.  Do you really want to support that kind of behaviour? I played for several hours (mostly on my friend's account).  The creatures I encountered had the same color scheme and body parts were repeated across different "species".  They did not interact with each other.  They did not react to any changes in the environment except to run away from me, regardless of their "temperment".  There were some invincible bug looking things that were always hostile and on every planet that I explored, with the only difference being whether they were brown, light brown, or white.  Similarly, plant life and rock formations are repeated across planets.  There are no biomes on planets.  Your planet will be hot, cold, or toxic and this will not change if you go to the otherside of the world.  There was no liquid on any planet I visited.  The geography of each planet didn't vary, you will encounter hills, plains, and cliffs, and the animals and plants will be spattered out at random.  The caves seem to have different plants and rocks, sometimes.  Caves have neat glowy vegetation, rocks, and mushrooms  but you can't interact with them.Inventory space is extremely limited, which doesn't bother me that much except things that I assume would be small, such as the common "Gak Charms" did not stack.  Only materials stacked.Your character is slow as heck.  It's not a big deal, really, unless you have to leave suddenly.  It can take 10+ minutes to get anywhere without a ship.Similarly, the game itself is slow, though not unbearably so.Also, the achievements in the game are ridiculous.  You will lose your UI and be unable to interact with much every time you learn a few new words or take another ten thousand steps.  The achievement will take up the top half of your screen and hang there for too long.  I've heard it's  not supposed to pop up during "combat".  For me, it popped up regardless of what I was doing.Speaking of combat, the only things I could find to "fight" were those Sentinel scanners (flying probes that get upset if you mine too much but are easy to kill and hide from).  I suppose you could fight aliens and animals, too, but I got bored before I thought to try it.You don't customize your ship.  You buy a new one.  I didn't see a way to forcefully take one, but I wasn't trying very hard either.Boredom is the main theme of the game.  The game doesn't look anything like its trailers and screenshots because more time and effort was spent on the false advertising that fueled the hype train than on the game itself.But hey, the good news is that there are over 18 quintillion undecorated, sparsely populated planets for you to choose from!!!  WOWOW TECHNOLOGICAL LEAPS AND BOUNDS WAY TO GO.  I mean, I do understand that this is amazing to have SO much in a game, my mind was blown when I heard about this.  But seriously Hello Games, haven't you heard the saying "Quality over quantity"?  It would have been better to have SOME planets or even just one massive planet that doesn't reuse the same pieces over and over.Don't waste your time, or your money.  This can't even be called a game.  It's just a barely-fleshed out concept.
digitalben	Not Recommended	167.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198201877740/	In the state this game is in, I am not only not recommending it, but I am not continuing to play it. It is a shallow husk of a game that delivers on almost nothing that the team promised it would. My biggest complaint about NMS is that Sean Murray told us over and over again how this would be a living, working universe. IT IS NOT! The solar systems are static, meaning the planets don't actually move (orbit, nor rotate). Sean arrogantly scoffed at the notion of sky boxes and fake day/night cycles, saying his game will be different. Well thats exactly how he built the game, sky boxes and fake day/night cycles. All of the explanations about planets orbiting their stars and rotating on their axes to provide day and night were lies to peak your interest. This game uses the same technique to make day/night cycles as every other.. SKY BOXES!! FAKE SUNS!! YAY!! He talked of sophisticated mechanics that determined what type of planet it would be depending on how close or far it was from the star. Where elemets would be present on those planets because of their postion in the solar system. All elements are found on all planets, it doesn't matter how far or close you are to the sun to determine a hot or cold planet. Its just random, not procedural. There isn't even a true star in the system, just a fixed point of light which can never be reached. Sean Murray is a millionaire because of us buying his lies. ALL of the major features that he was hyping for the last year are not in the game.. 2/10, would shove down Sean Murray's throat if I could.
Guigui	Not Recommended	31.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198015360302/	Some said it is headed in the right direction with the recents updates, and I agree. To me, this game was released unfinished and now they are working on it. But hell, I paid 60 euros for this crap when it came out. This is absolutely not worth the money. They lied to the entire comunity about their game, it contains only a tenth of what they promised... Know what? Even a friend who illegaly downloaded the game felt robed.
Tadres	Not Recommended	407.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Tadres/	Lies, lies, lies and lies about anything and everything.All "gameplay videos" is misleading almost in all aspects.Core GameplayIs repetitive chore:Collect resources to repair ship, collect resources to fuel up the "space engine" and "launch thrusters" - go to different planet, search for ship/resource/stuff to scan; collect resources to fuel up the  "space engine" and "launch thrusters" - go to different planet, and so on and so forth... Cosmos ActivityIs lacking...You can't blow up large starships and space station.You can't interact with others starships in cosmos.You can't dock to large starships.You can't fly to sun, because it's a background what means - there no planetary system, what means - planets always stay in same place and they not rotate.There only 3 alien races.No faction battles that shown on "gameplay" videosWhat you can do in Cosmos:You can destroy container on a large starship to get shistuff that you don't need, because when you need it your ship is to week to handle one hit from that starship.You can fight with pirates, but in 90% they always outnumbered you.You can fight with Sentinels(Cosmos Police) ships, after few killed small starships a large battle starship shows up and will throw 20~ small starships at you, after few minutes they just disappear.40% of time you spend in battle goes to inventory menu for: Repair shields.Refill weapons.Move items from your starship to your suit, because if you picked up items and you don't have a space in starship they just deleted aka "nothing to found".Collect resources from asteroids(nothing even close to EVE) in 8/10 just to fill your engine.CraftThere like 40+/- recipes to craft, but mostly you will craft "Warp Cell" for "Hyperdrive".After 1~h you will start to getting alot of messages like: "recipie already learned" and "inventory full"Two recipes (atlas pass v2 and v3) are more like unicorns only few people find it.State of the game at release:Game have "Arkham Knight" level of optimization, fps drops, lack of setting, controls of the starship is poor, broken and not respond properly to the mouse movements.At release to improve game expirience, people needed to edit game files and set fps "max" and change sound settings of pc to fix ingame sound "cracking"Instead of an apology for bad start, we got support that say: "Hey mate download new drivers it's sure fix all problems ¯\_(ツ)_/¯"In short:This game it's not even a close to finished game - it's a early access game with price of AAA game.P.s. At first DEV say that game will have free dlc and now they will be paid...
Eldiora	Not Recommended	46.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Eldiora/	Do not buy into this overhyped game. Its shallow, has no real content. All its features were overhyped and most of the stuff that was promised is not even there.There is only some boring and over simplified crafting and resource gathering and nothing really apart from the repetitive exploring.An infinitie universe? More like an infinite letdown because after a while every planet looks the same only in another colour.I do not really want to rant on but if I hear one more "life support low" I am going to throw my keyboard at the screen.Worst game in the past decade.
Vincepickle	Not Recommended	7.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/vincepickle17/	This game is nothing like the screenshots and videos show, don't get fooled by it.Before buying it, be sure the price as dropped significantly or they add a LOT of content with patches.*EDIT*It's like Hello Games aren't even trying.  Seriously, stay away from that game.
Sailor_Taco	Not Recommended	93.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198157519697/	I put more than 50 hours into this and came with the simple conclusion that this game is just not done.The lack of things you can do starts after 10 hours of gameplay, than you're just building meaningless buildings like you're playing minecraft. BUT: hello games is working on this game, and even after how they released the game I can appreciate that. To sum it up, just wait before you buy it. This game is just not done yet but it got a lot of potential.
Drew	Not Recommended	69.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Dont_Cry_Wolf/	I didn't follow the hype, and I like No Man's Sky for what it is, it's just not worth $60. Don't pay a cent over $20 for this.
Ceabras	Not Recommended	23.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Ceabras/	I kept playing for 23 hours, thinking that the game would eventually get good.  It does not.
Mandarin	Not Recommended	64.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mandarin62/	This is one of those games where I wish they had a maybe option as it's not for everyone. I bought it when it was on sale and I believe I have gotten my money out of it.  It's a very beutiful game with lots to look at and explore. It is however, as others have said, very repetative.I found the hightlight of the game to be wandering from planet to planet looking for my next bigger ship. When you find a new broken ship you eventually learn to only fix a few systems, then fly off looking for your next ship. Once you find a planet with lots of little buildings on it, you can stay there and keep looking for ships until you find your 48 slot ship or you are bored enough to move on. There are these ancient stones littered on some of the planets that teach you how to converse with the different alients. I had made it a point to search them out until I learned that its not really necessary, You can pretty much figure out what each alien wants just by viewing the choices that the alien gives you.This is supposed to be an exploration game and so you want to land your spaceship near every building you find, but you then realize you will have to hunt for fuel each time you do that as it is very expensive to take off again after you land. But like the rest of the game, there isnt much point to landing on every building as they are all the pretty much the same. Keep any eye out for transmission towers tho as those will help you find crashed ships. Sometimes it will be the same crashed ship you didnt want to switch too earlier.Space stations, buildings, even planets start to look the same after awhile. Planets look gorgeous, but lack rivers. The random species tend to look the same after not much time and space stations look the same after the first one or two.You cant have more than one ship and you cant sell your existing ship when you purcahse a new one. You just have to pay the price whithout any sort of discount for what your ship is currently equipped with. Hence why its better to just go out and find new ones. The foundation update that just came out seems interesting as you will need to go out and hunt for various resources to build your base. Unfortunately, you can only have one base. It would have been cool to have multiple bases placed on worlds that have the resources you want so you can come back and harvest them later. 
Eveaustria	Recommended	1,971.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198044911792/	I recommend No Man's Sky, since it has enormous potential and many promising features - however, there are also negative aspects that I won't withhold. Back when I pre-ordered NMS, I expected to explore hundreds of extremely different looking planets with alien-like plants, bizarre buildings, weird animals, etc., where I'd collect hints and story-bits that would lead me to the centre of the universe and unveil its secrets. NMS fulfils only half of this dream.The good: NMS has cool sandbox features like a giant game world to explore, many resources to comfortably collect from a distance with a laser beam, terrain that can be temporarily altered (like tunnels that can be dug), tons of stuff to craft, some interesting quests, an endless amount of missions for fame and money, modular base buildings with lots of interior options (and a few NPCs that will move in), many different starships, freighters and even frigates, fun vehicles to drive, useful plants to grow, space pirates to fight, caves to explore, valuable depots to plunder, meteorites to "mine", 3 main types of robotic sentinels to destroy, a customizable character, buried treasures to unearth, and machines/devices that can be placed.I especially loved the community events that could be played solo too and were rewarded with lovely collectibles. The red, green and blue star systems that came with the "NEXT" update are wonderful. And the "Abyss" update added interesting underwater gameplay content that slightly reminds one of Subnautica (amazing game btw.).The bad: Sadly, the variety that you can discover in NMS's vast universe(s) is lacking with way too few distinctive types of rocks, stalagmites, stalactites, trees, bushes, flowers, underwater plants, subterranean findings and so on. These don't even come in noticeable different colors.Thus, all common "toxic" planets look nearly exactly alike, also all common "frozen" planets, all barren moons, and so on. Mega exotic planets are really fun, but still feature the same trees, plants, rocks etc. that you've already seen dozens of times elsewhere. The exotic planets are very cool, but don't come in any color varieties either. The basically interesting animals also are only rarely colorful, instead the majority is brown or green-brown.I was and still am disappointed about the very few sentient alien races with boringly human-like bodies and their way too Earth-like buildings.The game progress is also a bit anticlimactic. There are no actual 3 different paths through the game, and no meaningful choices or allegiances. All quests and missions are linear and strict "orders" with no real alternatives, especially the tutorial and the base NPC missions. The Atlas main plot is just all talk that pretends to be "mysterious" - and in the end it only reveals that your journey is depressingly pointless. The severe lack of dialogue options when talking to common NPCs is also irksome every single time.* Scanning all animal species on planets is (still) a horrible task* I hate the flashlight - it is uncomfortable to direct and disables itself outside of caves during the day, at dusk and dawn even when the surrounding is pitch black* You can't customize your keys for interaction menus and building* The many time sinks can get annoying, like constantly recharging your tech way too often* Collecting more inventory space slot by slot is still a much too time-consuming necessity* Searching for better multitools, spaceships and freighters can take hundreds of ingame hours, solely depending on luck* Not being able to move and transfer installed tech is making this even worse* The ship-teleporter is stupid and a total waste of money ever since it was nerfed to a super-short range of only 150 u (feet). Useless!* Waypoints can't be pinned permanently, unwanted waypoints can't be deleted* Beacons cannot be labelled* The jetpack still depletes too quickly even when fully S-upgraded* You can't scan for only specific types of resources and no upgrades will help with that* You can't scan for specific building types, and you can't ask NPCs about those either* NPCs and even "galactic" (pff!) trade terminals have way too little stuff to sell* Prices immediately drop a lot right after you sell something from one of your inventories, so never sell more of the same stuff from another inventory on the same planet/space station.The worst thing is that discoveries still vanish from the dedicated options list that also lacks details (like mentioning planet/moon types) :( It was like that ever since NMS has been released. Right after "NEXT", I started a new and mods-free game, but when warping to the sixth (!) system, all the fauna, flora and waypoint entries of the first visited system had already vanished from my discovery list in the options :( Upon re-visiting systems (many of them are at least listed on the space station teleporters), some of the deleted former discoveries are restored, but often only for a short while; most of them are gone forever. During re-discovery, discoveries from other systems are being deleted. This is definitely NOT connection-related and has never been mentioned by Hello Games as being an issue :(
NoName	Not Recommended	18.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198128151032/	This game is worthless after a few hours. I've seen people saying things like "You'll get bored in a few hours" ,"All you're doing is resource gathering", "This game is repetitive". However, me being naive, I ignored it and thought I would have a lot of fun. But after about 7 hours, the game started to feel like a chore to play. I've only found 2 cool planets, and the rest were just a total waste of time. All you do in this game is just gather Plutonium, Carbo, and Thanium just to go see bad reskins of planets and terrible wildlife that either run away from you or attack you. Don't forget to mention the cool screenshots and trailers that are shown with awesome space battles, portals, and beutiful terrain with amazing exotic wildlife. Please don't fall victim to this fraud of a game and waste your precious $60 like me.
moralsup	Not Recommended	7.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198029777182/	People wouldnt be so hard on this game, if Sean Murray hadnt lied about it.
eclipsed22	Not Recommended	255.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198031077746/	I think the real issue with this game is that Hello games miscalculated the intelligence of gamers.  The complicated third grade "algorithms" in the puzzles are priceless!Edit, after the last few updates, the game is playable.  However, it does not tell you how to do anything.  Base building is a joke, and frankly I'm not sure how it got past QA.  Quests are all over the place.  I've seen variables, which is the code, in the backend, come up for certain items in the interface,instead of the name  The poor user interface makes it all worse.  Doing anything is a chore.  I honestly can't recommend this wreck of a game to anyone until the developors spend some time on cleaning it up.
Spyykke	Not Recommended	2.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197996795109/	Not even remotely what was promised and not even remotely fun. Also doesnt really work all that well on PC. Waited in hopes of updates, and now sorely regret the decision. DO NOT BUY. If you want to play an exploration sci fi game, I recommend looking elsewhere to more well established titles.
Merry Lovasz	Not Recommended	9.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/MerryLovasz/	Just don't. The technical stuff isn't much of a problem, that can (and hopefully will) be fixed. The problem is, the game is fun for a couple of hours. The end is a huge f you to the player. It's repetitive af, and definitely not worth 60 euros. If you're curious and it's available for 10 euros, get it, if it's not, just leave it.
jestercorp1990	Recommended	38.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198063002508/	Bought the game at release. Returned it. Bought it again to play next. I was sucked in for 11 hours in my first night and almost forgot work the next day! The game is absolutely gorgeous. I could play it for the sceneries alone.
ijjm87i	Not Recommended	37.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198066405341/	did my best to play this game as far as possible by the time I discovered my second galaxy I was bored of the repedativenessbarely get 20fps running conservativlyshould of never been relased this early alot of potential but needs alot more work, not worth buying yet
そのBasedReeses点灯	Not Recommended	20.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/basedreeses/	Quickly went from being my most hyped thing of the year to being the biggest waste of $60 in my entire life. Don't buy it unless it's severely (and I mean SEVERELY) reduced in price. Keep in mind that you're paying for a HD space Minecraft without building and multiplayer at a triple-A title price.
Go Canada!	Not Recommended	27.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198051295110/	So i really wanted to give this a thumbs up but cant with the current state of the game.It's a beautiful , layed back game that you can play at your own leisure, wonderful planet design, ships are cool looking...and it ends there.-Buggy space combat, -repetitive game play ,rinse and repeat over and over and over -there are only about a dozen star ship designs with no ability to design or make your own-zero in the way of a tutorial-the space M map sucks and is hard to use -the Main quest is broken, with way points not showing up, first the antimatter then the atlas station (so no pass for me)-buggy planet waypoints (mine are currently never reachable)-the grind is old school RPG Grind, farming for materials to sell to upgrade your ship , again ,again  unless you find ships to repair and usenot worth 60 bucks maybe 30 ..maybe unless there is a ton of content added soon it's a dead game which is a shame as it has a TON of potential. 
Uncle Grandfather	Not Recommended	187.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197996950664/	Given that the game has 50,000 reviews already, I doubt there's anything I can say that hasn't already been said better.The game itself isn't bad, exactly - and if it were sold as it is at a fair price, I might even recommend it.However, the game that's being sold is not the game advertised.   Too many of the features that Sean Murray said were in the game aren't.    If they were honest about the state of things, I doubt it would get nearly as much bad feedback, but they claimed it did a ton of things that it just doesn't do.Maybe someday it will, but right now I can't see any way a $60 price tag is justified. 
Gluten	Not Recommended	30.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Gluten7/	Product received for free
TheBarracuda	Not Recommended	589.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/thebarracuda/	Imagine Taco Bell with its dozen or so ingredients. You can only mix and match so much until it ends up being the same thing. "oh, no this is a different taco. The tomatoes are UNDER the lettuce"  That's what it feels like to play this game.even better:Imagine a bowl of alphabet soup. The first spoonful will be full of brand new letters, the next might have new and different ones, the third a few less and by the fourth spoonful, you've eaten every letter and realize they all taste the same. That's this game. This is overpriced at $60. I'd feel very comfortable paying $12-$15 for this and abandoning it forever after the first 4 hours. At $60, I expect a fully realized game at the level of Skyrim, Fallout, or Call of duty. It is impossible to overstate the level of repetition this game has. You'll find identical things on most worlds except one will be a slightly different color or the flower will be in a different place or the animals legs will be a different size.I'm only still playing so I feel like I got my moneys worth.  If It was cheaper, I'd have abandoned it on day one and never looked back. Because I paid $60 for it I played the absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥out of it so I didn't feel cheated and by now I'm below $0.85 per hour played and still feel cheated. I don't know why I'm punishing myself.Did I mention the repetition?  Because it's got a lot of repetition.Lots of it.too much 
A Train	Not Recommended	3.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198136643544/	This game had nothing of what was promised. There is zero content in game and it needs a lot more work to be worth the price that they are asking for. Do not be fooled there is a reason steam put up the message about returns. There are multiple articles talking about the large volume of returns this game has do to the lack of content and showing nothing of what was promised.
Kacktus	Not Recommended	74.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198035842702/	This game crashed 10 times in 4 hours. As it is stronlgy based on atmosphere, you can imagine how unenjoyable the game becomes when you return to desktop (randomly). I have a GTX 1060 and a 2500K on 4Ghz, 8 GB ram. Selling a Beta for EUr 60.00 while calling it a ready game is a sign of pressure, which the makers couldnt handle so far. Good luck, I will ask for a refund.
Captain Obvious	Not Recommended	1.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198066736116/	I have learned my lesson.  I will never buy a game again until at least a month after launch, and before I do I will read the reviews on Steam and elsewhere.  That's a positive lesson to take from this fraud of a game.  Somebody should get a class action going if Steam is refusing refunds for this game.  There are 68,000 reviews = $4 million bucks wasted.  And probably only 1/4 of customers leave a review.
[TWB]Elgonidas	Not Recommended	35.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Elgonidas/	Not an awful game, but it's worth about 1/3 of what they're asking with the features currently in.
Clark Griswold	Not Recommended	2.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/flauberosina/	Not even Skyrim maintained a $ 59.99 price tag after a year and a half, what the giggles are these people thinking?
Alien	Not Recommended	8.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Alien117/	100% a scam. Do not buy.
MountainCedar	Not Recommended	30.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198381654026/	A vast and seemingly limitless ocean... an inch deep.
chippxero	Not Recommended	38.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/chippxero/	So much was promised and so little was delivered.At best this is really an early access title that might have some of the things added in over time.
Tazoc	Not Recommended	18.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Aylomen/	I could have bought 2 bags of weed instead.
Ross	Recommended	34.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Rosselman/	2 years after its botched release, No Man's Sky is practically a new game. With overhauls to graphics, procedural generation algorithms and mechanics, and with the addition of new ones such as base building, fleet management, and a new 30 hour story, no to mention online multiplayer, NMS has slowly became what it sought to be at first, an exploration game with prominent SciFi elements. I can recommend it to anyone seaching for a relaxed experience, those who like building stuff in games like Minecraft, and those who just like to get lost in a seemingly infinte world. Just don't expect an action adventure game.
legend^fallen	Not Recommended	11.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197961220452/	I can't believe I wasted money on this game.Do yourself a favor and save your money.For the love of all that is holy.
simpso	Not Recommended	10.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198134073772/	I for one had only heard about this game in passing. Not really knowing what it was untill close to release where advertising went into overdrive.I was won over by the premise and a few videos i watched which made the game look fantastical.A sort of never ending game of discovery, with this generation tech which would generate a never ending mix of planets.Sadly the game didnt live up to my expectations. For a game bosting a crazy number of unique planets, each one sort of feels familiar. I mainly put this down to the small number of assets i beleived the developers created when putting the game together.Travel one planet see a red mushroom. Travel 4000 light years away.. see the same mushroom but yellow and a bit bigger.The limitations of the game and that, by what should have been expected by a small development team, come through pretty quick.For a game which is all about exploring the never ending wonders of space. Planets all orbit a very similar sun. once down on the planet, neighbouring stars or planets have no effect on it.No gravity system seems in place either, so object whcih are half destroyed will just hang in mid air.The total lack of any goals or target feels a big mistep also. I would have totally been fine if i was expecting to find wonderous things or bump into to some random event but sadly each planet feels the same.Sure they may look different, different landscape, different sky colour. But you will always come accross the only marked targets in the worlds of empty stations and language pods.In which are all pointless to an extent.Learn the language to be able to deal with aliens who will sell you items to upgrade your ship/guns to be able to move onto the next planet with another very similar NPC waiting to sell you the same thing.Its for these reasons i cant see any joy in playing this game any further and why i am recommending others not to purchase it either.Purhaps in the future if a mission structure were introduced, i could be swayed to enjoy this more. In its current state though sadly the game is a bit of a let down and a missed opportunity to create some amazing.
Lexikz	Recommended	34.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Lexikz/	We do now have the game everyone always wanted!
RIP	Not Recommended	31.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Abandoned_RIP/	Overhyped, poorly optimized, indie game made by 15 people, being sold for AAA price. It's shallow, empty, repetitive and boring. Their 18 quintillion planets are just a bunch of re-color of the same assets, randomly generated with different combinations. Their representation of the universe is inaccurate, every single planet and moon i've seen is inhabited with life and/or vegetation, there are no gas giants, no ring systems. Also, black holes are literally portals. So astronomy enthusiasts, beware, if you thought this would be a space sim you're wrong, it is vaguely based on the real universe. About the gameplay, you scan stuff, you mine materials, find some outposts, fill out your ship and your gear, run out of inventory space, go to the nearest space station, sell your sh*t, and then you move on the the next planet. That's basically what you do until you reach the center of the galaxy for a NG+. About the combat, the ground and space shooting are mediocre at best. All planetary outposts and space stations look the same. There is a very limited variety of NPCs, there is 3 different intelligent species you can interact with, the same 3 guys with different clothes basically, all NPC interactions are essentially the same. All ships look like toys. And all alien life forms look like they were made by a child using Spore creature creator. The excitement lasts for about the first few planets, then the repetition sinks in, and you're left with a feeling of huge disappointment.I have completed the Atlas Path and completed all achievements, i'm on my way to the center of the galaxy, but i'm not sure if i will continue, because i'm already bored of the game. UPDATE: I have now reached the center of the galaxy after 14 straight hours of warping only stopping on planets to recharge the warp drive. I ended up in the Hilbert Dimension, the second galaxy. Uninstalled the game. DO NOT BUY, YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED!Also, what i really want to talk about is how they straight out lied about it being multiplayer. And the game simply does not look like it did on the trailers.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A8P2CZg3sJQThe problem is not the fact that you can't see or interact and play together with other people, it's the fact that they said it was possible and it isn't. I'm perfectly fine with the game not having multiplayer, i play single-player games and i enjoy them. What i have a problem with, is they straight out lied about it being multiplayer, that is unacceptable, a game developer cannot do that and get away with it. I am sick of these vague as f*ck tweets from Sean Murray implying something but not stating it clearly. It's just a series of shady moves they make over and over again, careful choice of words leaving multiple interpretations, misleading disinformation. Not even the press knows what to make of it. They actually covered with a sticker the multiplayer icon from the PEGI score on the Limited Edition box. Sauce: http://www.pcgamer.com/no-mans-sky-limited-edition-box-has-online-play-icon-hidden-under-sticker/ After years of clearly stating that it was multiplayer, ONE DAY BEFORE the PS4 launch, they tweet that the game is not ''a multiplayer experience'' then tweet that ''The chances of two players ever crossing paths in a universe this large is pretty much zero'' contradicting the previous tweet. Sean Murray specifically said on interviews you could see and interact with other players, and play together. Then on the first day it has been confirmed by two streamers that tried to meet up, they were in the same system, same planet, same spot, and couldn't see each other, for one of them it was day time, for the other one it was night time. And the kicker? Hello Games are celebrating that ''two players encountered each other'', and then say that they were having server problems, implying that's why the players couldn't meet. How can they be so deceitful?Do not buy this game. This should be in Early Access and it is worth $20 max. I honestly don't understand the mentality of "Give them some time. Eventually be good." Sorry but if the game's release price is $60, it should be worth $60 at release. This is not a beta or a Early Access, although it looks and plays like one, this is a full release.If you're looking for a good single-player exploration sandbox game, get Subnautica. A indie game with a indie game price. 92% overall positive reviews. Has actual survival mechanics, crafting mechanics, building mechanics. Better graphics and VR support.Update: Jimquisition quoted me! http://www.thejimquisition.com/metabombed-no-mans-sky-is-worthless-in-every-way/ 
Veloss	Not Recommended	130.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198069830550/	This is my first review and I will keep it short.No Man`s Sky was fun for the first hour I played. Beyond that point there was nothing worth my time.Decided to watch the ending on youtube.Good thing I did - saved me so many hours of working towards that huge disappointment of an ending.If HelloGames were to add major content (if that`s even possible) and/or open this game to modding in a way that gives the community the power to create content, then I might reconsider this review - but the state of this game right now is *insert curse of your choice here*.FIrst Rating:1/10 Not considering the crazy price of 60 euros, and appreciating HG`s rate of patching bugs.0/10 Considering the price. Seriously, calling this a ****** is an understatement.EDIT:Rating after foundation update:2/10Seems they are putting work in their game, feels a bit less off a ripoff seeing them put upgrades like this - but it hasnt become what it should be, and should have been in the first place. Still not recommended at this point.EDIT2:Pathfinder update.3/10Good update. Lots of new things, bugfixes and the like. If they keep this up, it might become good in half a year+.Still not recommended considering the price.EDIT3:Atlas Rises5/10We're getting there. Two or three more patches like this might do the trick.TL;DRWorst buy ever.Promises were made and broken. Minecraft is a better investment.They keep improving though. Give it some time and wait for a sale.
Lili	Not Recommended	84.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Anck-Su-Namum/	I did everything that was possible in this game to see for 84 hours. cuz I believed that I can discover something new. Yeh I'm the stupid one to believe there would be something more.
SakuIce	Not Recommended	152.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Trumsi/	How to even describe this game...hmm...Advertising was well made for this game. It is big vast exploration game with many many planets and galaxies. But. When each planet you visit contains same recources as 20+ you have just visited, it gets boring really fast. As extra, any screenshot or cool moments in trailers you see are here just for advertising. Most of it isn´t real.If you don´t mind tedious farming, seeing only 3 alien races in vast amount of planets, pretty short storyline and hoping to discover something no one has discovered yet, from quintillion planets, then this game is meant just for You.So why i still play this game from time to time? Well, I still hope to find something different, something extraordinary, even tho i know this is like finding needle in the haystack.
kiwinator	Not Recommended	2.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/justcallmekiwipls/	i'd rather get hit by a train twice.
Pongflict_Ghost	Not Recommended	3.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/pongflict/	Do not buy this game.
AIRWAVE	Not Recommended	15.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/AIRWAVE7/	I keep going back maybe once every two weeks hoping to find something that I'm missing, but its a dud. Nothing is as advertised, lots of repetetive gameplay if you can call it that. Do not but. It's worth maybe $10. You'll get bored within the first hour. A hilarious ending that Hello Games built up to be some fantsatic dramatic thing, when in reality it's laughable. Please do not buy, you're wasting your money like I did.
Dave DarkLion	Not Recommended	4.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198071007010/	One Man's Lie; No men buyPlease, don't buy this garbage, like I did, riding the hype train. The behavior Hello Games has been showing is one of the most horrible things I've seen. They are liers, and they should be called out for that. I only hope Steam would refund me my $60. Support developers that deserve it, instead of these guys. Buying games like this, we're encouraging these dirty practices some developers have.
Jack the Sad Loser	Not Recommended	0.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198087797662/	Just don't. Wait for patches, updates and discounts. It ain't worth it. sorry
Shinsei Gaming	Not Recommended	15.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ShinseiGaming/	You know, if you got sucked into the hype like me, you would be severely let down. If you just got this game knowing nothing about it at all and liked space and exploration, youd live the first like five hours. then it just gets super repetitive. Unfortunately, i cannot in good faith recommend this game unless it was like 5 dollars
Thel Vadam	Not Recommended	22.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198031265869/	It´s not what they promisedshort explanation:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=53q9cg-qm-Along explanation:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Wgolc1rRroI even nominated the game for the "Worst Game I Played lately" award
hydrogen2rd	Not Recommended	47.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198306101224/	How foolish I am !
PortalFl0w	Not Recommended	1.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/portalfl0w/	I love the 2 hour refund policy.
Montymint	Not Recommended	35.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/montymint/	This game was awful. I really wanted to like it but after 20 hours containing not much game and plenty of random CTD enough was enough. 
Trenbolone Optimum	Not Recommended	30.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Emredete/	https://www.reddit.com/r/NoMansSkyTheGame/comments/4zuydl/psa_steam_is_offering_no_mans_sky_refunds/ 
Pan	Recommended	89.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197994205030/	10/10 best comeback in gaming historythey fixed it boys.
Braveheart	Not Recommended	23.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198006718573/	Honestly,  what a complete let down.  There is not a single thing this game did well that promised to live up the hype.  Just garbage.  I found elite ( like many others )   boring after 6 months.  Push it to a year.   This bored me in about 10 hours.... sad sad sad.
Silver Linings	Not Recommended	24.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198031689509/	I don't usually write reviews because I feel that hapiness with a game is very subjective thing. However with this game it's a different story. This game lacks everything a game should offer and I feel slightly cheated by the developer. Not only are features missing which were visible in trailers but this game is just bad. I dont say this easily because I wanted the game to be good very much. The developers obviously forgot one major part: None cares about great technology, none needs rocket science. If it offers a good game - great. If you can make a game without great technology - great. But if you use amazing technology but the game is no fun then that's just bad. I lost interest in this game entirely after 2 days because it is incredibly repetitive. It offers no feeling of progression and for me personally I had no interest in new planets after 10 or so. The game feels like a preview of a piece of a game but the campaign and the multiplayer are not done yet - but those parts wont come.
Bonesy	Not Recommended	40.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197972352411/	Don't even bother even if its heavily discounted in a steam sale
Sean1699	Not Recommended	18.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/sean1699/	Trash
Wolf Of Walmart	Not Recommended	13.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198106475072/	As wide as an ocean but as deep as a puddle.
Sartanus	Not Recommended	86.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Sartanus/	Disclaimer : I played the game from start planet following atlas path and reached the center after completing the path. These are my opinions and may not represent your time with the game and wether you enjoy it or not.The Short Review----------------The best way i can describe No Man's Sky would be to describe it as a universe sized art gallery, the paintings are enjoyable to look at. Once you start looking for the intricacies in the painting you realise your not actually at an art gallery and instead are looking at all the posters for all the B movies ever made. Sure 1 or 2 posters may take your interest but you quickly move on, along the way stopping at snack stands for a break (space stations). You may want to skip part of the tour and find a side entrance to a different part (black hole) but overall its just more of the same.Score - 5.5/10The Long Review---------------Starting the game on a relatively tame planet, an arid grassland, I found it to be quite wondersome at first taking in the sights of the sunsets and the flora and fauna. First thing i did is run to my ship to find it broken, ok then i thought lets fix this hunk of junk up. I quickly learned how to gather materials with my mining laser but found the amounts they came in to be extremely pitiful.After fixing most of my ship i was directed to gather some heridium to fix my warp drive, the heridium been 30 minutes away from my location i thought it would be a good time to explore the planet and take in the sights of the flora and fauna (i didnt realise i could yet fly my ship over the surface to it).Along the way i spotted a man made structure, as i got closer and read its description i found it was a monolith i used the knowledge stones first and learned some Gek words 1 mainly stood out as an error with "TRANS_WORDGEK" but carry on i did. I had no idea how to scan and upload discoveries which again wasnt pointed out to me, so after 10 minutes of running towards heridium using my jet pack every so often i started to get fed up of the game already but i soldiered on to at least get to space.Repairing my ship i launched into space found 2 more planets and a space station, i immediately went to the space station for a break from the monotonous only to find it completely barren of life excluding a galactic network station. I jumped into my ship and headed to another planet in the system for new sights sounds and experiences.More of the same is all i found repeated plants and trees and rocks from the very first planet i was on, the fauna was also extremely similar with only sight variations in parts nothing that I could describe as a drastic change or difference. This is when the feeling started to sink in that I had perhaps paid £40 for a game thats value should have been set at early release indie level of £15 - £20.To continue the story would just bore and infuriate you as much as it did me but suffice to say the only changes from the norm in a universe of billions upon billions of planets are the 10 atlas stations and spattering of space anomalies (space station).I WOULD NOT recommend this game if your looking for that sci fi survival sim, you would be 100% better off playing Starbound (an indie game with ALOT more depth) at £12 you cant go wrong and will be extremely suprised at what can be accomplished by indie studios.I WOULD recommend this game if your looking for an infinite game of sight seeing and repair extreme shallow depth makes the game easy to maintain once you begin but will leave you hankering for a steak with your saladAddendum--------Personally i would request a refund but i have played for far too long and considering it can take over 2 hours to get off the start planet it would seem special dispensation would be needed on this game as you cant experience the game in 2 hours unless your extremely lucky and honestly it feels like it was designed that way so the developer could lock sales straight away.Furthermore reading that the developer is now debating adding paid DLC makes me think the game has completely back peddled on what was sold to us at the beginning. If a product is different then what was advertised you should be allowed to get a refund regardless of how much has been played. You dont goto the shop see a KitKat and get a Mars inside do you?
WixZ	Not Recommended	48.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/WixZProfile/	No Man's Sky... The game that used to give me wonderful dreams of exploration,but ended up giving me nightmares.So where to begin? Let's see... Alright, let's start at the beginning.2 Years ago I was randomly browsing the web in search for something new to play. All of a sudden my eye fell on a E3 showcase video of this breathtakingly beautiful game about space exploration. Immediately I was hooked. What was this wonderful little gem that i had discovered? It was No Man's Sky.For 2 years i stalked their website like a hungry predator. 2 Years of waiting and trying to keep myself from spoiling too much. There wasn't a video or post i didn't know about. Ever since i was little i have been fascinated by the universe. It felt like someone had finally heard my prayers and designed a game especially for me. I was so excited.Then came the release date. First announced as 21st of june, later delayed to 12 august. But heck, i waited 2 years and if it meant that the game would be more polished, i didn't mind.12 August. I was on the store thread all day. Many people were complaining already about the release date and about what had been revealed by streams from the earlier PS4 release. I, myself refrained from watching any of those to keep the mystery alive. The first big mistake i made.Finally, 7 o' clock. The game released. I started to download the game, as expected it went well. 23 mb/s. The game downloaded and installed in under 5 mins. "Ow yeah baby... you know what time it is? It's One Man's Time." Heh.. bad joke.So, the game launched. A galaxy appeared in front of my eyes. Countless stars flew by. "No Man's Sky" appeared in the middle of my screen. Then it faded to white..And WOW.. Never had I seen a game lag as much as this one. Holy Molly... Horrendous screen tearing and what seemed to be a sub 20 frame rate. For 2 minutes I was forced to watch this screen tearing low fps nightmare intro. But as shocked by the game's performance as I was, I couldn't help but notice how amazing my starter planet looked. Tons of bright green trees with red trunks. Large mountains on the backdrop. And in the sky, a breathtaking sight of a nearby planet. I gotta give the game props for epicness. It certainly has it's moments.So yeah, the intro finally ended and immediatly i bashed the escape button to check out what the hell was going on here. I have a gtx 970, i7 6700k with 16gb of RAM. This performance is simply unacceptable. In the options menu i saw that the fps was capped at 30. Raised it all the way up to 'max'. Turned everything to high. Had to restart the game. Game restarted and appearantly I didn't save. Because God knows how i'm supposed to do that. So I went through the annoying startup intro again. The tearing was still there, but at least the fps seemed better.Once the game allowed me to move around i found out my fps seemed stable at around 40-50, but i couldn't help but notice the massive mouse delay. I left v-sync off for exactly that reason. I could only imagine how much of a delay v-sync would cause on top of this.Anyway, first few moments was a major disappointment as i had to get in and out of the game for over 30 mins to tweak my settings to get the game somewhat playable. But, even after 30 mins of tweaking i still didn't manage to get the game running the way i wanted it to run. So i just accepted it and moved on to actually play the game.10 Mins into the actual "gameplay". At first it seemed pretty cool. The game doesn't hold your hand. Which is a good thing i initially thought. I saw how this could be a nice intro to planetary exploration if it was actually enjoyable. But sadly, due to the performance issues it simply wasn't. So the first 15 mins already seemed like a bit of grind towards finding the materials needed to repair my ship. I say grind because as far as the exploration part goes it wasn't enjoyable at all at such a low frame rate combined with horrible input lag. But i managed to find everything i needed to take off from the planet in about 30 mins. I did meet some interesting creatures a long the way. Despite all the issues i was still amazed at how awesome everything looked. If only I was able to enjoy it smoothly...Taking off from the planet, watching how the small area of land I walked around on became smaller and smaller was quite amazing. Passing through the clouds into space for the first time was stunning. Then I noticed the asteroids popping in, somewhat breaking the immersion. I flew around a bit. Landed in a space station. Traveled to one of my starter planet's moons. Everything looked pretty cool.Then i slowly started to understand what everyone was complaining about. The grind. The lack of gameplay. The bugs. The performance issues. The repetitiveness.I actually managed to keep myself busy for 38 hours. Gathering resources and generating profits to get me that awesome ship i saw in some space station. The main drive for me was in fact collecting credits to buy me a big ship, with tons of inventory slots. After that i started grinding out all the exosuit upgrade pods i could find. Finally i managed to upgrade my ship, exosuit and multi-tool to almost maximum. So i started following the Atlas path, collected the Atlas stones to craft me a badge. And yeah, that's pretty much it. After that i started to roam the forums to see if i could up the performance of my game. To get it to run a bit smoother. That's when i noticed how many people where having countless issues. I actually spent more time on the forums than in the actual game. I guess that says something, doesn't it?Anyway, my final verdict of this game... The concept behind it is brilliant. I like to see it as a solid base, to build a game on. Yes, an actual game. This isn't a game. It's a glorified tech demo as many have mentioned before me. That's exactly what it is. It showcases a brilliant mathematically generated universe. The fauna, flora and planetary diversity is just enough to showcase exactly that. In terms of gameplay they put in a very basic feature set to allow for a few hours of fun. But outside of this, the game is as empty as a dry well. Don't get me started on the promised features. I'm simply going to skip that part or this review would become 4 times as long. Anyway, the point is. They charged us 60 bucks for what was advertised as an actual game. What we got is a showcase of a brilliant procedural tech. Does it get my props for that? Hell yeah! Does it make up for the 60 dollar price tag? Hell no.So my advise to you. If you have 60 dollars laying around... Go spend it on beer and pizza. You'll get more enjoyment of it. As of now the game is bland and boring. If you are not extremely interested in solo space exploration. And honestly, even then the game doesn't really provide. I'd much rather spend time visiting planets in Space Engine than in this game, because Space Engine might not have any actual life on it's planets but at least they look very real and leave room for imagination. Which for me, creates more breathtaking moments than i ever got in this game. The creatures, plants, worls all look similar. Different, yes. But similar nonetheless. It's like building spaceships with lego. The spaceships looks different, but in the end they are all build with legos.What i wanted from this game was perhaps my imagination going to wild. I was hoping for strange worlds with stuff like mile high waves (a la Interstellar), planets completely covered in water that have enormous ocean creatures, ... There are literally so much cool things that you could do with a planet. But all the game offers is similar planets with different colors and slightly different shapes. That's it.The tech is there. Gameplay and content is very much lacking and performance is horrible.Wait this one out. Perhaps with updates. But for now, nope.
❄Yui-唯依❄	Not Recommended	11.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Yui7/	Joke of the YearUpdatedThis game is false advertising their game, compare to the trailer and screenshots in the store page and in-game. It's totally different, none of these are matched, they(devs) lies to their fans. The game content is "dry",  you just search for Materials > Craft it > Fly to other planet and Repeat. Nothing special in this game. And you know what? this game cost about triple A title price.
DX-351	Not Recommended	11.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197997993944/	wish i could get a refund biggest let down and waste of money ever
Lord 寝見	Not Recommended	86.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198006896097/	HORRIBLE LIE.
Wolf Of Walmart	Not Recommended	13.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198106475072/	As wide as an ocean but as deep as a puddle.
Bonesy	Not Recommended	40.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197972352411/	Don't even bother even if its heavily discounted in a steam sale
Sean1699	Not Recommended	18.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/sean1699/	Trash
Master Templar	Not Recommended	89.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/thejeydonwalien/	Free DLC of all the features that were meant to be in the game PLUS more features in apology, and I'll give this a thumbs up.10/10 Review: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uTTPlqK8AnY 
WixZ	Not Recommended	48.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/WixZProfile/	No Man's Sky... The game that used to give me wonderful dreams of exploration,but ended up giving me nightmares.So where to begin? Let's see... Alright, let's start at the beginning.2 Years ago I was randomly browsing the web in search for something new to play. All of a sudden my eye fell on a E3 showcase video of this breathtakingly beautiful game about space exploration. Immediately I was hooked. What was this wonderful little gem that i had discovered? It was No Man's Sky.For 2 years i stalked their website like a hungry predator. 2 Years of waiting and trying to keep myself from spoiling too much. There wasn't a video or post i didn't know about. Ever since i was little i have been fascinated by the universe. It felt like someone had finally heard my prayers and designed a game especially for me. I was so excited.Then came the release date. First announced as 21st of june, later delayed to 12 august. But heck, i waited 2 years and if it meant that the game would be more polished, i didn't mind.12 August. I was on the store thread all day. Many people were complaining already about the release date and about what had been revealed by streams from the earlier PS4 release. I, myself refrained from watching any of those to keep the mystery alive. The first big mistake i made.Finally, 7 o' clock. The game released. I started to download the game, as expected it went well. 23 mb/s. The game downloaded and installed in under 5 mins. "Ow yeah baby... you know what time it is? It's One Man's Time." Heh.. bad joke.So, the game launched. A galaxy appeared in front of my eyes. Countless stars flew by. "No Man's Sky" appeared in the middle of my screen. Then it faded to white..And WOW.. Never had I seen a game lag as much as this one. Holy Molly... Horrendous screen tearing and what seemed to be a sub 20 frame rate. For 2 minutes I was forced to watch this screen tearing low fps nightmare intro. But as shocked by the game's performance as I was, I couldn't help but notice how amazing my starter planet looked. Tons of bright green trees with red trunks. Large mountains on the backdrop. And in the sky, a breathtaking sight of a nearby planet. I gotta give the game props for epicness. It certainly has it's moments.So yeah, the intro finally ended and immediatly i bashed the escape button to check out what the hell was going on here. I have a gtx 970, i7 6700k with 16gb of RAM. This performance is simply unacceptable. In the options menu i saw that the fps was capped at 30. Raised it all the way up to 'max'. Turned everything to high. Had to restart the game. Game restarted and appearantly I didn't save. Because God knows how i'm supposed to do that. So I went through the annoying startup intro again. The tearing was still there, but at least the fps seemed better.Once the game allowed me to move around i found out my fps seemed stable at around 40-50, but i couldn't help but notice the massive mouse delay. I left v-sync off for exactly that reason. I could only imagine how much of a delay v-sync would cause on top of this.Anyway, first few moments was a major disappointment as i had to get in and out of the game for over 30 mins to tweak my settings to get the game somewhat playable. But, even after 30 mins of tweaking i still didn't manage to get the game running the way i wanted it to run. So i just accepted it and moved on to actually play the game.10 Mins into the actual "gameplay". At first it seemed pretty cool. The game doesn't hold your hand. Which is a good thing i initially thought. I saw how this could be a nice intro to planetary exploration if it was actually enjoyable. But sadly, due to the performance issues it simply wasn't. So the first 15 mins already seemed like a bit of grind towards finding the materials needed to repair my ship. I say grind because as far as the exploration part goes it wasn't enjoyable at all at such a low frame rate combined with horrible input lag. But i managed to find everything i needed to take off from the planet in about 30 mins. I did meet some interesting creatures a long the way. Despite all the issues i was still amazed at how awesome everything looked. If only I was able to enjoy it smoothly...Taking off from the planet, watching how the small area of land I walked around on became smaller and smaller was quite amazing. Passing through the clouds into space for the first time was stunning. Then I noticed the asteroids popping in, somewhat breaking the immersion. I flew around a bit. Landed in a space station. Traveled to one of my starter planet's moons. Everything looked pretty cool.Then i slowly started to understand what everyone was complaining about. The grind. The lack of gameplay. The bugs. The performance issues. The repetitiveness.I actually managed to keep myself busy for 38 hours. Gathering resources and generating profits to get me that awesome ship i saw in some space station. The main drive for me was in fact collecting credits to buy me a big ship, with tons of inventory slots. After that i started grinding out all the exosuit upgrade pods i could find. Finally i managed to upgrade my ship, exosuit and multi-tool to almost maximum. So i started following the Atlas path, collected the Atlas stones to craft me a badge. And yeah, that's pretty much it. After that i started to roam the forums to see if i could up the performance of my game. To get it to run a bit smoother. That's when i noticed how many people where having countless issues. I actually spent more time on the forums than in the actual game. I guess that says something, doesn't it?Anyway, my final verdict of this game... The concept behind it is brilliant. I like to see it as a solid base, to build a game on. Yes, an actual game. This isn't a game. It's a glorified tech demo as many have mentioned before me. That's exactly what it is. It showcases a brilliant mathematically generated universe. The fauna, flora and planetary diversity is just enough to showcase exactly that. In terms of gameplay they put in a very basic feature set to allow for a few hours of fun. But outside of this, the game is as empty as a dry well. Don't get me started on the promised features. I'm simply going to skip that part or this review would become 4 times as long. Anyway, the point is. They charged us 60 bucks for what was advertised as an actual game. What we got is a showcase of a brilliant procedural tech. Does it get my props for that? Hell yeah! Does it make up for the 60 dollar price tag? Hell no.So my advise to you. If you have 60 dollars laying around... Go spend it on beer and pizza. You'll get more enjoyment of it. As of now the game is bland and boring. If you are not extremely interested in solo space exploration. And honestly, even then the game doesn't really provide. I'd much rather spend time visiting planets in Space Engine than in this game, because Space Engine might not have any actual life on it's planets but at least they look very real and leave room for imagination. Which for me, creates more breathtaking moments than i ever got in this game. The creatures, plants, worls all look similar. Different, yes. But similar nonetheless. It's like building spaceships with lego. The spaceships looks different, but in the end they are all build with legos.What i wanted from this game was perhaps my imagination going to wild. I was hoping for strange worlds with stuff like mile high waves (a la Interstellar), planets completely covered in water that have enormous ocean creatures, ... There are literally so much cool things that you could do with a planet. But all the game offers is similar planets with different colors and slightly different shapes. That's it.The tech is there. Gameplay and content is very much lacking and performance is horrible.Wait this one out. Perhaps with updates. But for now, nope.
Nasty Goat	Not Recommended	24.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198096590576/	wide as an ocean deep as a puddle, simple as that, dont buy unless you can explore for 50+ hours and not get bored
carl_leijonancker	Not Recommended	20.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198061548208/	Not the game that was advertised
EddyWhite	Recommended	145.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198189360231/	Game has improved since release. I am glad to see all these new updates.
DX-351	Not Recommended	11.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197997993944/	wish i could get a refund biggest let down and waste of money ever
Lord 寝見	Not Recommended	86.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198006896097/	HORRIBLE LIE.
DeadlyEmbrace	Not Recommended	40.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/qspy/	I got about 40 hours of enjoyment out of this game.  The game looks beautiful for the most part, but after awhile it's only skin deep.  The mechanics of the game are repetitive and seemingly stripped down.The final straw for me was finding out about the HUGE disappointment waiting at the so-called center of the universe.I wouldn't recommend it in its current state.  Wait for a GOTY edition and get that on sale.
gavacho	Not Recommended	174.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198041506208/	The game is enjoyable for awhile.  It's not a bad game, but it's interest wore off after a few weeks of playing.  I'm disappointed I paid $60 for it.
gem_ster	Not Recommended	49.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/gem_ster/	Not that inclined to go back even after 12 hours in. As all press and users have reported, not the game we saw in footage.
WellFedEuropean	Recommended	42.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198122095048/	It is worth it on discount! At this current state. The developer has not given up on this  tittle despite the terrible launch. Witch deserves a prase since it has been 2 years since release. Each update has improved the game up until this point. A big update is coming aswell, I suggest picking it up / giving it another try after that. I know i will after update. Cheers!
Gypsyone9	Not Recommended	6.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/brutalsun/	I gave it some time, waited for patches to be released bought it on sale.- Grind to repair ship-Ship repaired, grind to get fuel-in space, grind for more fuel-grind to aquire tech for warp drive-grind for fuel-grind for fuel-grind for fuelThis game is a literal fuel grinding game with some space flight mixed in.  
cool chris	Not Recommended	18.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/snenfeld/	First two hours are good but then it just becomes the same old♥♥♥♥♥♥
You're all bad	Not Recommended	53.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mickross/	They lied about this game in so many ways, so much promise, so much garbage.I'll never buy from them again.
NecroLyte UDL	Not Recommended	166.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198005445918/	You'll have more fun masterbating with sandpaper. Do yourself a favor and spend your money on a voodoo doll of Sean Murray to make him pay for his lies.
EnclaveEyebot	Not Recommended	9.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198324496421/	Anyone reading this review is probably just surfing terrible reviews, looking for a good chuckle.  In case you are actually looking for a review, I'll add yet another one to the virtual sea of excrement that comprises No Man's Sky.  If it wasn't for the laughable price of admission ($60), I'd have thought this game was an acceptable addition to my gaming collection.  Seriously, the concept of deep space exploration, coupled with procedurally generated landscapes/creatures warrants a playthrough.  It is possible to immerse yourself into the world, albeit for a short time. This is No Man's Sky's most inherent, inescapable flaw - its depth.  What originally presents itself as a massive and grandiose exploration/crafting game, very quickly devolves into a lackluster, agonizingly shallow stroll through mechanically identical environments.There is no depth here. nothing to aim for, nothing to grind for.  There are no underlying mechanics to enhance or differentiate anyone's experience.  Sure, you have ship and suit upgrades, but these upgrades, it seems, only really allow you to stroll faster through the environments.The novelty of exploration isn't enough to keep you immersed, or remotely satistfied with the moment to moment experience.Steam shows just under 10 hours of playtime - that time was split up between my spouse and I.  We both walked away bored and dissapointed.  $60 worth of dissapointment.If you can pick this game up for around $5, that should arouse enough of an experience to justify the price tag, but a full $60?  I'm sorry but the content doesn't merit a full price tag.I went in to No Man's Sky looking for a space exploration/simulator that was large and varied, but also simple, lacking the overburdening complexity of other (much better) space simulators.  Ultimately it was far too simple, relegated to a space walking simulator.Wait for a HUGE discount, if you are still curious.
InfinityBlade6	Not Recommended	32.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/GavBu1/	I tried to give it a chance. By the time that happened I couldn't get a refund... save your self... it's to late for me...
ZZ chief	Not Recommended	36.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198130406562/	This game is a fat piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥Don't buy
skad	Not Recommended	44.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/skadian/	Drop  the price and the game will be a buy but, having a full price on this game is a no go.
DippingDerp	Not Recommended	6.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/dippingderp/	I wish I could just get my money back. It's incredible that they still want $60 for this boring pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Subnautica is 1,000,000 times the game this is and it's half the price.
Jay Spinz	Recommended	200.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kronoa/	While I kinda "enjoyed" the game at release, I was quickly dissapointed by the expectations that they forced upon me. I eventually gave up after about 100 hours because it just wasnt what I wanted.Advance time by one year and here we are. With their latest huge update, they showed me that they do care about the state of the game and they brought it much closer to what I once believed this game would be judging by the videos and screenshots of E3.I had to mod this game to actually enjoy it previously, now?Most of the mods I used are implemented into the game and I don't even think I really want to mod the game anymore other than maybe reshade.You can now:-call your ship to you-teleport to your freighter-farming-building-terraforming(you were able to destroy, but now you can create)-vehicles-more quests and factions-more variety-muchhhhhh better graphics-30hr story expansion-Multiplayer(sorta like a beta but it works!)Honestly I can go on, but I really just wanna go play..!! With the special its on, if you were ever hesitant about this purchase, do it. You'll immerse yourself into a grand sandbox universe. HG really pulled it off. Late, but they did it. Give them a chance, I don't think you'll be dissapointed, not as much as release anyways.Keep it up team, you have my vote.
Kemurai | MS	Not Recommended	20.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Kemurai/	As big as all the oceans but not deep enough to drown in.
Wastoid	Not Recommended	43.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/resisthouse/	This about sums it up:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RvAwB7ogkikAfter 2 days of having the PS4 release rubbed in my face, I install the game and it doesn't work. Hope they get it sorted[EDIT 1] they seem to have identified the problem I'm having as something to do with my processor not supporting SSE4.1; although my chip is way over the minimum spec there's still no fix.[EDIT 2] Running the experimental version and now it crashes to desktop after the title sequence.[EDIT 3] 3rd day of release and still nothing from devs about the unstable experimental version.[Final Edit] Finally got sorted and I got to work playing, it was great for around 6 hours, beyond which you'll soon realise its the same thing over and over and over again. NMS fails to deliver on a great deal of what we were promised. This game is a huge dissapointment to me, but serves as good lesson: Never pre-order anything again[update] I'm still furious about not getting a refund for this mis sold garbage{update 2018} After a few years of development the game is no longer absolute plop, its merely not worth $60. I reckon a permenant $30 price would make the game worth it and would get my reccomendation
Sain240	Not Recommended	20.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198040565412/	When I started playing it was fun. I played it nonstop for a week or so.Then I realized that all I was EVER doing was buying a different color of the same ship with 2 extra slots for storage and moving by horrifyingly slow degrees towards a story that is so vague I started to forget what happened last time I played and why I needed to change planets again.Then I stopped playing and forgot the game was on my computer. Its that kind of bad; its not offensive, its just samey and bland and the hooks that grab you lose you just as fast.
man of steel	Not Recommended	3.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198168000752/	still waiting for the overall to be negative reviewseditfinally a negative overall review.now for the overwhelmingly negative reviewfinallymaybe someday they could make this game right??? 
Major_Warfare	Not Recommended	12.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/MajorWarfare/	Lies, lies and lies around this game. Oh and look... instead of patches we a re most likely going to get paid DLC-s. ♥♥♥♥ Hello Games. My absolute last purchase from them
WISETORSK	Not Recommended	25.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197974314288/	Do you like empty promises? Do you love doing the same thing over and over and getting nothing for it? Do you live only to be dissapointed? Then this game is for you! 60$ worth of dissapointment.
Greenleaf	Not Recommended	263.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mrfreeman12/	you'd have a better experience if you just got a hammer and smashed your pc into tiny pieces.  
Shabaw	Not Recommended	37.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Shabaw/	Not anywhere near worth $60 for the game. Just a massive disapointment.
Dunz	Not Recommended	6.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/duuunz/	NMS a game about hype, broken promises and disappointment
Hermit Fox Kane	Not Recommended	14.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197978928022/	Pointless grindfest. Barebones game with almost no content.
[UESC] Abatos	Not Recommended	66.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198128028909/	A very repetitive game where you have little to no agency. 6/10 Not recommended.The creatures in the game are nothing like in the trailers. They're gross and terrible with very basic animation cycles. No faction battles. Atlas (the black diamond with the red orb in it.) Is an absolute joke. And getting to the centre of the galaxy is the most insulting and disappointing thing i've ever witnessed in a game.
Apprentice Hunt The Spackle C*nt	Not Recommended	23.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198068207736/	I WANT TO LOVE THIS GAME SO MUCH!! But honestly i just cannot. So let me sum it up.First 10 hours: WOW this game is awesome! Look at all these planets!15-20 Hours: Oh another rock planet. Oh this one has lots of trees. Huh.20-25 Hours: Ok lets just get this done. Keep warping until to the last atlas. Last Hour: FINALLY HERE! HI LAST ATLAS!.... Oh. i need 10 atlas stones. I have 9 because i lost one when my ship got distroyed. Well now what? Maybe i can buy one.......... OH i can! For.....6 million units. Ok i just dont care. I think im done now. So yea. That was my entire expierence. At first it was so exciting and i didnt really care what everone was saying but nearing the end of the game i really started to notice what everyone was saying. For $66 thats alot of money to pay for something that gets really boring and something i truly feel like i wont be playing again for a long time. If i replayed it now it would feel like everything was repeting.
Highlander	Not Recommended	6.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/HlGHLANDER/	The game lacks content, runs extremely poorly and is NOTHING like advertised.It is a pointless grind towards realizing one should've asked for a refund instead.
comp9	Not Recommended	6.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198023555368/	I looked forward to this game for more than a year. The first several hours were a lot of fun and then I found myself wondering where all the promoted content was. Where are the interesting creatures? (My planets are full of bizarre creatures.) Where is the depth? Why does it feel like the most exciting thing in the game is managing my inventory?Hopefully Hello Games will reconsider their post-release change of mind about no paid DLC, not that we have much to worry about considering their lack meaningful updates since release. No Man's Sky was advertised a fantastic wonder but was released as a genuine dud.
Puddingtader	Not Recommended	6.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/puddingtader/	Bought the game before release. All my friends tried to talk me out of it. People started to say that there is no multiplyer as advertised. Returned the game and got a full refund before release. Bought the game again after released on pc a week later even though my friends said it would be a mistake. Realized it sucked really bad. Tried to pretend that this game was like the classic "Freelancer" space game. I got depressed. I started to miss Freelancer. Uninstalled No Mans Sky and bought Freelancer on Amazon for $14.99 and had way more fun. Not depressed anymore. Can't believe this game is still $59.99.
Oxnard Ziftalvo	Not Recommended	168.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Karetchi/	Indie Game quality. Less polished than Ark. It's fun, sure it's not an action game. It's very much about taking your time and I like that. But for 75AUD I can not recommend it. It's simply not worth that much. Screenshots and trailer also don't represent the game at all. Please look for in game footage on YouTube before you buy, it's nothing like advertised. At least see what you're paying for before you make up your mind. As for what we have, it kinda ended up like Spore, great in theory but execution has holes. Looking forward to updates, hopefully we'll see that E3 quality down the track.
Read SIEGE	Not Recommended	35.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/rebob787747/	Sean Murray's false advertising ruined this game for just about all of us. The game promised so much but delivered so little. Here are some examples of what Sean lied to us about. Note: there are a lot.Misc. Space Gameplay and Elements:-Landing on Asteroids: "Yeah, at the moment you can land on asteroids."-Destroying Space Stations And Fleets: "Maybe you take out a space station, or a fleet, or you know, something like that..."-Giant Fleets of Ships-Large Freighters Actually MovingNPCs and NPC Interactions-Faction Affiliations w/ Significance: "Different races have different attributes [...] and depending on how I'm playing, I might want to kinda make an allegiance with one or [an]other"-Trade Ships Docking w/ Freighters-NPC Ships Launching From The Ground-In-Atmosphere Freighters w/ BattlingExtra NPC Interaction Bit:“Having said that, being No Man’s Sky, there is a procedural element to your interactions. The AI you talk to will know the name of the planet you’re on and will reference it. They’ll reference wanting certain things based on the environment they’re in. They’ll know if it’s cold, or hot, or whatever. You’ll see a reasonable amount of variety — it’s not just pre-baked dialogue.”Planets, Stars, and the Cosmos:-Ringed Planets-Planets Rotating and Orbiting Around a Sun-The Technical Possibility of Flying Between Star Systems ManuallyShips and Flight:-Actual Ship Classes And Differentiation-Naming Ships-More Natural Flight CharacteristicsThis game was a huge dissapointment and I was very let down along with many other people.
darkforrests	Not Recommended	54.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198078997023/	This game is terrible.  I gave it the benefit of the doubt and played for about 15 hours just to see if really was just an endless grind or not.The rest of the time I have in this game, well, I fell asleep playing it bevause it boring and repetetive.Sean Murray, I want my $60 back.
Рулон Обоев	Not Recommended	36.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/valyard/	This game is a scam.1. False advertising. They even continue lying on Steam! The game looks nothing like the first video on the page. I think this is a fair comparison: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JYNriatnYkE2. Procedurally generated world in this game is like white noise — random, but all the same. It gets boring after a few planets.3. THERE'S NO GAME! I mean, there is a huge procedurally generated world, some game mechanics but they don't form a game. There's nothing really to do except farm resources flying from one planet to another, but these resource aren't really needed for pretty much anything.I didn't know much about the game when I bought it. The videos looked kinds cool but turned out that they were all false. The game looks nothing like them! After some more research I found out that the game was supposed to be totally different (http://www.onemanslie.info/the-original-reddit-post/) but most of the features didn't get into the game.I spent 36+ hours farming resources hoping it would get better eventually... but it didn't. I wish I used refund at the beginning.
Warney93	Not Recommended	60.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198284964906/	Where to start with this game. . . Prior to Hello Games popping their heads out of the sand with update 1.1, this would be a negative review with a few swear words, a bundle of anger and a lot of disappointment (as the majority of reviews have already).Sean Murray did boast a ton of features than didn't exist and that were the main reason for people buying this game. I am not condoning his actions nor has he been forgiven but, this update to the game is a promising sign for the future of the game.The 1.1 update includes base building which is surprisingly extensive and includes features as (base building, obviously) hiring aliens to work in your base, a teleporting feature so you can store your valuables and return to your base via space stations, two new game modes, survival (which has a major difficulty increase) and creative (like mine craft where you can create anything, craft anything and have infinite health ect). There are other improvements which you can view in the patch notes (I haven't explored the update that much yet).Before this update, it was a huge thumbs down and I would recommend anyone avoid No Man's Sky like hot Sh|t but now, I'd say, keep your eye on the progress of this game and maybe look at getting it in the future if Hello Games keep their promise of fixing this mess.
Kazigan	Recommended	118.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197970557211/	Hello person who bought game on release and recently came back (Feb 2018) to see what has changed. The game is way better, and I feel that people could/should give it another go. It still has its moments where you get an odd bug (kind of like any bethesda game lol), but nothing that going back to another save can't fix. New things I noticed:1. New ship and multi tool stuff.   -There are classes of ships now, with some innate bonuses for things. Like say ship agility, weapon power, so on. (A, B,    C, and others.)2. Scanning changes. You can now scan planets from space and see like 4-5 different planet specific mineral things that planet has. Like say gold, nickel or copper.3. Freighters to haul more stuff. Also you can keep up to 6 vessels (5 and the one you're currently using). So now you can have one for killing space pirates, one for mining, one for hauling your planet trip stuff so on.4. New questlines. I started over on a new save slot because I wanted to see the game over since I came back from a long break. Worth it! If you do come back I would recommend starting over because I don't know if it will be buggy from an old old save.5. 3 new groups to earn reputation/interact with. These are not races, but guilds who hand out generic missions and help with the storyline. Mercenaries, Merchants, and Explorers are the groups. 6. The menus have changed some, but not enough to be a bad thing... It is an improvement I feel from what I remember from release. I will edit and add more as I feel as necessary as I discover more. I hope I was helpful.  
Raikyo	Not Recommended	4.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Raikyo/	Bought Game for 60 Euros>Had fun for about an hour or two.>Died and spawned on a Space Station.>Cannot repair ship because I miss some ressources>Destroyed equipment to get Iron>Still not enough Iron to repair ship>Checked out on landed trading ships for about 2 hours: nooone sold iron>Cannot refund game because playtime is over 2 hoursNow I can explore the very detailed space station for the rest of my life, thanks to this game breaking bug!11/10 would waste 60 Euros again(Just started a new game by deleting my savegame and deactivating the steam cloud service.)No Man, Bye!
Death55-The Drunken Walrus	Not Recommended	51.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/drunkenwalrus/	I have explored Encyclopedias, and I have explored No Man's Sky. I can surely say that No Man's Sky is so disappointingly boring that I would rather read "The Encyclopedia of American Politics" five times than play No Man's Sky for a few dreadful minutes.
Death55-The Drunken Walrus	Not Recommended	51.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/drunkenwalrus/	I have explored Encyclopedias, and I have explored No Man's Sky. I can surely say that No Man's Sky is so disappointingly boring that I would rather read "The Encyclopedia of American Politics" five times than play No Man's Sky for a few dreadful minutes.
Matazar	Not Recommended	19.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/matazar/	Can be fun and relaxing, but not enough depth for the price tag. They've improved some of the performance bugs, but there are still issues with it crashing on PC.Just some general complains:- All ships are the same. Sure they look different but outside of storage you don't gain anything.- Factions are pointless- UI is garbage- Each solar system is static (planets don't rotate around the sun, moons don't rotate around the planets- Almost all resources are available on all planets, trading seems pointless.- So far most of the planets I've seen have a very similar structure.- There is no point to checking different parts of any single planet, the entire planet is exactly the same all over.- Flying is just terrible. There is an invisible wall preventing you from flying to close to the surface of a planet. It's basically auto pilot, which makes it fun trying to land on a pad that you can't see.I'd say it's worth $20 but wouldn't recommend spending more on it unless they add a good amount of content/features.
Stewjitsu1984	Not Recommended	30.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/stewjitsu/	I was really looking forward to this game and, to be honest, really loved it for a while. The idea of having a universe which is procedurally generated and full of strange worlds to explore really excited me which is why I felt so let down after 15 hours or so of gameplay. I even kept it going for twice that time, hoping that things would get better but they don't. We were promised all sorts of great stuff such as factions to join in order to feel like you were taking part in the universe but it's more like you're just passing through it. The aliens you meet are extremely boring and repetative, leaving the universe feeling empty and dry. The ships look nice to start with but they don't have any variation at all in terms of how they feel to fly in.The overall objective of the game was built up to be this amazing journey to the centre of the galaxy but in actuality, all you do is wander around for hours grinding for materials to build irrelevant upgrades for your suit, weapon and ship or wander from place to place to salvage ships in order to increase your inventory size. You pay £40 to grind resources to upgrade your inventory size so that you can grind more resources!Granted the feel of the universe is great and it does have the feeling of enormity but this is certainly not enough to make the experience enjoyable and is certainly not worth the asking price. I hope Sean Murray does keep his word (LOL!) and release future DLC to make the game more exciting but given his track record on keeping promises, I wouldn't hold your breath.
Coolidge	Not Recommended	19.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198000550822/	It's probably posted elsewhere but Angry Joe's review captures everything I think about this game. It had so much promise... and promise is the key word. Things were promised, things were sold to us, and this game did not deliver. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uTTPlqK8AnYThis game is a tech demo. Do not buy 
Scooterific	Not Recommended	5.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/scooterific/	Ever wondered why preordering games carries such a stigma? Buy No man's Sky for the clearest answer. 2/10 would refund if possible(The 2 is only there because it runs)
dopinder	Not Recommended	1.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198306940852/	Not a good game. The frame rate is terrible and i have a good pc, it is a waste of time. It looks good from videos and photos but its a different game once you play it.
RaoK	Recommended	42.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/RaokGT/	Without a doubt this is the coolest game I have on steam. It is genuinely impressive that the only loading screens are whne you first start up the game and when you go to a new galaxy. You can fly in space, fly to a planet, land on the planet, get out of your ship, get back in, take off, leave the planet's atmosphere, and back into space, all with NO loading screens!
may_be_tedd	Not Recommended	12.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198005433959/	No man's lie is boring.  There is really no reason to keep playing it. Missing features and dull.
Ricardo Nauts	Recommended	257.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/cgsinistro/	Finally i can recommend the game to anyone who have interest in space games. It is quite fun and relaxing.
Brobadiah	Not Recommended	17.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198053846991/	I bought this game on launch and was very excited to play. For me, this game earned the title, " biggest regret purchase I've ever made on a game." THe glitches/unstability caused this game to be next to unplayable when it first came out. I gave it a few tries, honestly wanting it to be good, I mean after you spend 60$ on a game you either expect to get a certain level of enjoyment at it or spend enought time playing it to progess and explore the game. I was never able to achieve this through the 15 hours of gameplay. I wish i would have clicked the refund button before I left the game on pause to long to qualify for a refund. Even if this game is on sale, be very cautious. High chance of regreting your purchase. Moral of the story, save your money. Even 35$ for this game feels like to much for what you get.I recommened buying Astroneer, a game in preview stage that fulfulled my need for space exploration, and priced right at 20$, just right.
Symon Black	Recommended	316.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197972337101/	What a rollercoaster this game is.I pre-ordered, and felt absolutely cheated when the initial release came. We've all read the news stories and seen the enraged posts online -- the lying, the deceptive claims, the huge tracts of missing content. Many developers would have taken a hit like that and sunk their game in the deepest hole they could find.Instead, the devs spent a year making update after update, all free, slowly struggling to live up to the grandiose claims they'd made in the first place. It's still not as ideal as actually releasing the game as promised in the first place, but now, finally, No Man's Sky feels something like an actual game. With some faint glimmers of story and worldbuilding wrapped around the gorgeous procedural galaxies, it's able to hold itself together -- if only just.It's still not worth the full price, but I would eagerly suggest grabbing it on sale. It's beautiful, the music is lovely, the takeoff-to-orbit flight has zero loading screens, and every update has improved the game. There's not much story or ultimate goal to speak of, but it's not about rescuing a space princess. It's just about seeing what's out there. And now, at last, the answer is "something".EDIT:TL;DR / Summary -- They lied and called an Early Access game a polished blockbuster, but after tons of updates and two DLC Expansion sized upgrades, the game is juuuuust about worth buying on sale, if only for some truly beautiful procedural vistas.
christopher.moody95	Not Recommended	5.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198097986769/	Was great for about an hour..... then its just plain boring.
GetSome	Not Recommended	40.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198118364678/	I normally don't write reviews, but this one I make an exception!Don't buy this game, it's definitely not worth a buy, save your money! or invest it on a early access game!!
tkmoney01	Not Recommended	93.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198007150416/	you should definitely not buy this. i cant belive i am about to say this, but: Elite Dangerous had more depth. at least with that game, you had an accurate sense of scale with a real tangible galaxy map. i cant belive space truck simulator beats this game in my opinion...... i just cant.literally the only thing this game brings to the table is seamless planetary landings. THAT IS IT. everything else is nothing special when coupled with all the false advertising and lack of any driving reason to play.and to boot: there were too many people requesting refunds, so steam stopped accepting them. or mayby i just didn't get a sympathetic employee reviewing the two refund attempts and the support case i opened. what a shame that steam wont protect its customers from obvious bait and switch marketing like the kind the developers used to push this title.
Robbo20K	Not Recommended	24.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Robbo20000/	False advertisement, massive con... game is not finished, does not contain a lot of content which was advertised, "no loading screens" is crap too, there is a loading screen between EVERY star system... it just looks like hyperspace -_- No refunds too? shame on you steam, you should stand up for your customers rights instead of worrying about PR with some lazy developers 
Fury	Not Recommended	17.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mattritchie/	This game is worth about maybe $10 to $15 as a tech demo. It has some interesting concepts that can probably be applied to other games.Do yourself a favour and check out 'Empyrion - Galactic Survival' before wasting your money on this.
Sen Kanashimi	Not Recommended	196.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SenKanashimi/	TL;DR - Players were blatantly lied to, Sean Murray said we would be able to meet other players, that the world would be rich and exciting, it is neither.No Man's sky... No Man's lie... It's all wrong so let's see if I can cover it well enough.The world:The galaxy is beautiful and expansive, different colors and shades everywhere, very flashy, but it's all the same, there's only so much procedural generation can grab from before things look the same, and No Man's sky hits that barrier very quickly.The gameplay:It's so repetitive it's not even funny, you can get more variation out of a game of chessThe aliens:There are three differen races: The beaked Gek traders, the cybernetic Korvax and the warrior Vy'Keen... That's it, in the however many trillion planets we get three species spread between them, the wildlife isn't even worth mentioning because after ten planets it'll all look the same.The lies:Sean Murray said the game would be multiplayer, then quickly said that we would never find eachother because the universe is so massive. Immediately two streamers met up in the same location and couldn't see eachother, zip nada nothing. People have tested the network traffic against games like Elite: Dangerous and No Man's sky has very little network traffic, nowhere near enough to facilitate actual multiplayer. Players were lied to time and time again and for $60 dollars that is unacceptable.On top of that Sean also said there would never be any paid DLC for No Man's sky, well guess what? Paid DLC is coming out...The verdict:Screw this game and screw Sean Murray, the blatant lie this game is isn't worth your $60, go find something else and forget this game exists.
Totaltryhard	Not Recommended	15.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198055179870/	Terrible game. If you play the first 30 mins-1 hour you have played the next 1,000,000,000,000 hours of it.SOOOOO many features were pulled from early development and the game was far overhyped and most of the features that were promised weren't delivered.2/10 really only because of its fluid travel (even though you cant easily go back to places you have gone to), idea, and fairly pretty artstyle.
MissChibs	Not Recommended	5.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Chibi521/	False Advertising, Runs terrible, not enough content. Not worth the money. I thoroughly regret buying this game.
Dirk Daring	Not Recommended	106.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198037463234/	$60 beta.
tkmoney01	Not Recommended	93.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198007150416/	you should definitely not buy this. i cant belive i am about to say this, but: Elite Dangerous had more depth. at least with that game, you had an accurate sense of scale with a real tangible galaxy map. i cant belive space truck simulator beats this game in my opinion...... i just cant.literally the only thing this game brings to the table is seamless planetary landings. THAT IS IT. everything else is nothing special when coupled with all the false advertising and lack of any driving reason to play.and to boot: there were too many people requesting refunds, so steam stopped accepting them. or mayby i just didn't get a sympathetic employee reviewing the two refund attempts and the support case i opened. what a shame that steam wont protect its customers from obvious bait and switch marketing like the kind the developers used to push this title.
Katharta	Not Recommended	34.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/katharta/	My saved game no longer loads after 30 hours of play. I've attempted suggested fixes from the discussion board but no luck. My only regret is that this didn't happen while I could still refund.
kaiserrandal	Not Recommended	37.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kaiserrandal/	I wanted to like this game. When released it ran ok. I have a higher end system and the graphics were ok. I mainly explored and catagorized species. I cannot recommend this game in its current beta like state. LOst to extensive play throughs do to the data corruption. Now after the patches I can't even play the game. Literally. it crashes at start-up or shortly after loading the game. Stay away!
unspunreality	Not Recommended	73.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/unspunreality/	I normally don't review games but this time I had to. Normally I can decide if I like a game or not quickly but this game I had to give a fair shake. I had years of buildup and it took till the final moment for me to decide to purchase and actually try this game. Two hours wouldn't suffice, there were difficulties from the beginning and the game starts off slow and so I tried to give it a fair shake, ending with 44hours of playtime.I went in with many expectations. Their old video clips left me expecting a lot, various wildlife, a bit of mystery and the joy of exploring a universe in a sandbox mode. This game... failed on many counts. First it touts so many worlds yet everything is simply reused. Even beyond wildlife, the flora on each planet was exactly the same, to a point where I was surprised to scan flora and find out it was something new despite being identical to something I'd seen minutes before on another planet lightyears away. Wildlife never actually changed either, I continued to play listening to the words from the creator of how the universe changed the deeper you went, yet nothing changed. An arm or leg might be different but looking for creatures that were vastly different or exotic simply never happened.There is also a bit of an open ended quest ingame, however the quest.. is beyond unfufilling, it seemed like something worse then busy work for a reward that was simply text and then being pointed to the center of the universe, again.Graphically there were also many problems. First the fild of view was terrible, even set at max I'm unsure if there was any change, and this was part of the reason why I never went with the PS4 version. I followed guides to extend beyond the normal setting but then doing actions can show errors and you can see how higher fov was never really intended and perhaps the slider is simply supposed to act as a placebo.There is also the popin issue, which was beyond terrible. I understand why it happens but the fact is that its terrible and shouldn't exist to an extent such as this.I even found some a gate in game which clearly had been intended for one reason yet was never fully implemented, leaving me with another bit of an unfinished game I simply had to ignore and leave behind.I honestly could complain more but after so many hours.. I feel like Ive wasted quite a bit of my life for something that felt rushed and unfulfilling. The creator hasn't communicated and honestly, it's too late for me to feel better with any words so long after the fact. I cannot recommend this game at it's current price, it's honestly not even a game and a longer review would be needed to get into other complaints. I feel I have tried my best to find good points and.. they are all so small so as to not make a dent in all the complaints I still have. If one is interested in this game, I'd suggest waiting for a massive sale, waiting for updates or simply looking at other games. This is early access at best, being touted as a full game.
Wrngway	Not Recommended	36.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198030683779/	The first couple hours are incredible.  After that the game becomes repetitive.  Within 10-15 hours it's just dull.  I continued hoping to find anything more redeeming, but came up empty.  There is nothing in the way of difficulty.  The only thing valuable are inventory slots.There is no meaning or purpose in playing this other than to appreciate the vistas.  None of the ships' or creatures' appearance has anything to do with their stats.  You have no meaningful purpose.You might get some nice screenshots for your desktop wallpaper though! 
Adventure Capitalist	Not Recommended	5.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198052810703/	just dont get it, its nothing like they promised
Theory	Not Recommended	79.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197970487366/	There is no point in this game. Feels like its not completed.Stay away from Sean Murray and Hello Games
Equilibrium	Not Recommended	56.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198262679678/	dis geam suk dik rip harambe
PaladinLiberator	Not Recommended	16.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/FlameMystic/	After putting some time into No Man's Sky, all it's been is a dissapointment. Many would tell you it's the hype that killed the game, they'd be wrong. It's the fact that many amazing features promised over the course of it's development cycle are missing or have even been scrapped from the game. The mysticism and beauty of the planets shown in the promotional material is completely void within the game. Every planet is a simple rock, and I'm sorry but I feel no want to explore something as barren and bland as a rock. Yes, I understand that not all planets should be Earth-like. But that doesn't mean 99% of them should be barren. What happened to the cool sand planets and hopefully different types of planets we were promised? I want to fight giant sand worms, fly with giant space whales over crazy and interesting rock formations. But sadly the planets here don't provide that. Space battles and factions be damned if the game just had actually interesting planets to explore. But sadly that just isn't the case. And even if that were the case, you'd most likely be spending most of your time managing your inventory and trying to figure out how to best manuever the UI instead of taking in the sights. And the RPG elements? Don't even bother, your choices don't matter. Apperantly after making a stupid decision because I couldn't understand one of the aliens. I was forced to marry one of their kind. I thought "Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ what's going to happen." The answer? Nothing, nothing ♥♥♥♥ing happened. That alien never showed up and never will, showing me that all the decisions are nothing but a simple way of figuring out whether you get a reward or you don't. Then I decided to try some piracy, if I couldn't have fun being the good peaceful guy, why not try to be a villian for once. Nope, the combat is so bad not only was I shot down in seconds, but I could barely maneuver my ship correctly to even get shots off on the enemy. Then I had to frolic through the terrible UI and Inventory system trying to repair my shields only to find that I died because it's a stupid idea to have it so that to recharge your shields YOU HAVE TO OPEN YOUR DAMN INVENTORY! Don't buy this game, wait a few months. Hopefully then those features promised to us will be in the game and I can actually do the exploring and adventuring that I've always wanted to do in a SCI-FI universe. I cannot and will not recommend the game in it's current state. Wait, just wait. All we can hope for now is that the game's cut content will be given to us in free updates instead of being forced into payed DLC. IF it becomes payed DLC, then this game will forever be a dead galaxy filled with barren rocks, and static cardboard pieces that are the aliens and animals. If you've read this far, thanks. If you don't want to read, then I'll sum up my post with this."You can only go towards the horizon, there's no way to take a dive and see what's underneath it all."
Four Years Wasted	Not Recommended	12.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198071321331/	Hello and thank you for taking this time to read my short review, though it may be short I think there few key pointers I am about to give are worth your consideration before you buy this game.- Firstly, if you do any kind of research about a game before it's release you are given a certain amount of information through different online magazines and retailers telling you what a game is about as you wouldn't be the wiser, you wouldn't have had the chance to play the game as a normal consumer who doesn't get pre-release copies. In this case No Man's Sky was shown to have traditing game mechanics with NPCs, Quest lines and story driven campaign, graphical fidelity and game play features such as camping and managing a settlement that are not present in the finished game that I bought and to be honest this makes me rather sad.-Secondly, when it comes to the actual game performance it isn't trully well optimised which in this day and age I am just tired of repeating. From my computer to people with high end and recent machines this is a let down for me and a huge red flag as I went out the way to build a decent computer in my budget and get good overclocks too.-Thirdly, this will be my final point in this game. I think the technology and algorithimns that went into the creation of No Man's Sky though not truly used correctly (according to patent theft laws), the game truly makes me wonder about the future of procedurally generated games and this is a big and bold step towards that future. It's an experience but one can I just sadly cannot recommend. I'm sorry about that.
unspunreality	Not Recommended	73.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/unspunreality/	I normally don't review games but this time I had to. Normally I can decide if I like a game or not quickly but this game I had to give a fair shake. I had years of buildup and it took till the final moment for me to decide to purchase and actually try this game. Two hours wouldn't suffice, there were difficulties from the beginning and the game starts off slow and so I tried to give it a fair shake, ending with 44hours of playtime.I went in with many expectations. Their old video clips left me expecting a lot, various wildlife, a bit of mystery and the joy of exploring a universe in a sandbox mode. This game... failed on many counts. First it touts so many worlds yet everything is simply reused. Even beyond wildlife, the flora on each planet was exactly the same, to a point where I was surprised to scan flora and find out it was something new despite being identical to something I'd seen minutes before on another planet lightyears away. Wildlife never actually changed either, I continued to play listening to the words from the creator of how the universe changed the deeper you went, yet nothing changed. An arm or leg might be different but looking for creatures that were vastly different or exotic simply never happened.There is also a bit of an open ended quest ingame, however the quest.. is beyond unfufilling, it seemed like something worse then busy work for a reward that was simply text and then being pointed to the center of the universe, again.Graphically there were also many problems. First the fild of view was terrible, even set at max I'm unsure if there was any change, and this was part of the reason why I never went with the PS4 version. I followed guides to extend beyond the normal setting but then doing actions can show errors and you can see how higher fov was never really intended and perhaps the slider is simply supposed to act as a placebo.There is also the popin issue, which was beyond terrible. I understand why it happens but the fact is that its terrible and shouldn't exist to an extent such as this.I even found some a gate in game which clearly had been intended for one reason yet was never fully implemented, leaving me with another bit of an unfinished game I simply had to ignore and leave behind.I honestly could complain more but after so many hours.. I feel like Ive wasted quite a bit of my life for something that felt rushed and unfulfilling. The creator hasn't communicated and honestly, it's too late for me to feel better with any words so long after the fact. I cannot recommend this game at it's current price, it's honestly not even a game and a longer review would be needed to get into other complaints. I feel I have tried my best to find good points and.. they are all so small so as to not make a dent in all the complaints I still have. If one is interested in this game, I'd suggest waiting for a massive sale, waiting for updates or simply looking at other games. This is early access at best, being touted as a full game.
Theory	Not Recommended	79.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197970487366/	There is no point in this game. Feels like its not completed.Stay away from Sean Murray and Hello Games
Equilibrium	Not Recommended	56.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198262679678/	dis geam suk dik rip harambe
PaladinLiberator	Not Recommended	16.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/FlameMystic/	After putting some time into No Man's Sky, all it's been is a dissapointment. Many would tell you it's the hype that killed the game, they'd be wrong. It's the fact that many amazing features promised over the course of it's development cycle are missing or have even been scrapped from the game. The mysticism and beauty of the planets shown in the promotional material is completely void within the game. Every planet is a simple rock, and I'm sorry but I feel no want to explore something as barren and bland as a rock. Yes, I understand that not all planets should be Earth-like. But that doesn't mean 99% of them should be barren. What happened to the cool sand planets and hopefully different types of planets we were promised? I want to fight giant sand worms, fly with giant space whales over crazy and interesting rock formations. But sadly the planets here don't provide that. Space battles and factions be damned if the game just had actually interesting planets to explore. But sadly that just isn't the case. And even if that were the case, you'd most likely be spending most of your time managing your inventory and trying to figure out how to best manuever the UI instead of taking in the sights. And the RPG elements? Don't even bother, your choices don't matter. Apperantly after making a stupid decision because I couldn't understand one of the aliens. I was forced to marry one of their kind. I thought "Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ what's going to happen." The answer? Nothing, nothing ♥♥♥♥ing happened. That alien never showed up and never will, showing me that all the decisions are nothing but a simple way of figuring out whether you get a reward or you don't. Then I decided to try some piracy, if I couldn't have fun being the good peaceful guy, why not try to be a villian for once. Nope, the combat is so bad not only was I shot down in seconds, but I could barely maneuver my ship correctly to even get shots off on the enemy. Then I had to frolic through the terrible UI and Inventory system trying to repair my shields only to find that I died because it's a stupid idea to have it so that to recharge your shields YOU HAVE TO OPEN YOUR DAMN INVENTORY! Don't buy this game, wait a few months. Hopefully then those features promised to us will be in the game and I can actually do the exploring and adventuring that I've always wanted to do in a SCI-FI universe. I cannot and will not recommend the game in it's current state. Wait, just wait. All we can hope for now is that the game's cut content will be given to us in free updates instead of being forced into payed DLC. IF it becomes payed DLC, then this game will forever be a dead galaxy filled with barren rocks, and static cardboard pieces that are the aliens and animals. If you've read this far, thanks. If you don't want to read, then I'll sum up my post with this."You can only go towards the horizon, there's no way to take a dive and see what's underneath it all."
Four Years Wasted	Not Recommended	12.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198071321331/	Hello and thank you for taking this time to read my short review, though it may be short I think there few key pointers I am about to give are worth your consideration before you buy this game.- Firstly, if you do any kind of research about a game before it's release you are given a certain amount of information through different online magazines and retailers telling you what a game is about as you wouldn't be the wiser, you wouldn't have had the chance to play the game as a normal consumer who doesn't get pre-release copies. In this case No Man's Sky was shown to have traditing game mechanics with NPCs, Quest lines and story driven campaign, graphical fidelity and game play features such as camping and managing a settlement that are not present in the finished game that I bought and to be honest this makes me rather sad.-Secondly, when it comes to the actual game performance it isn't trully well optimised which in this day and age I am just tired of repeating. From my computer to people with high end and recent machines this is a let down for me and a huge red flag as I went out the way to build a decent computer in my budget and get good overclocks too.-Thirdly, this will be my final point in this game. I think the technology and algorithimns that went into the creation of No Man's Sky though not truly used correctly (according to patent theft laws), the game truly makes me wonder about the future of procedurally generated games and this is a big and bold step towards that future. It's an experience but one can I just sadly cannot recommend. I'm sorry about that.
CyberneticSquid	Not Recommended	44.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197969594225/	Maybe, worth a try for 10.00; for 59.00 don't waste your money.
claymore19751	Not Recommended	8.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/claymore19751/	THIS GAME SHOULD NOT BE ALLOWED TO EXIST. IT IS A TRAVESTY!!!!!!!!!!
Killer9008	Not Recommended	1.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198078747342/	~DO NOT BUY , GLITCCHY AND BROKEN AS ♥♥♥♥~runing a 970 and 980 ti game is horribley laggy , controls are ment for a controller aswell as inventory managment sucks, i loved watching game play but to play it is horrible, its worth more around the lines of 20$ once its fixed
Adventure Capitalist	Not Recommended	5.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198052810703/	just dont get it, its nothing like they promised
telephasic_	Not Recommended	14.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/telephasic_/	Overpaid for a game that is (and was) falsely advertised and has perfomance issues. No refund based on this  :(
ejp722	Not Recommended	85.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198063512283/	I have been waiting for this game forever in every E3 trailer they make it look like a vast beautiful galaxy with cool creatures all working within their own ecosystem, but the ui is different than the cool seamless one at e3 and the creatures have barely anything interesting i wanted to explore a beautiful world but even space engineers crappy lag planets are better than this i wanted to love this game, but sean murray who now says that promising the consumer a game without paid dlc is a naive take on things. the game hardly works and now he demands more money in the coming future. Hello Games and Sean Murray, you have let us PC gamers down.
telephasic_	Not Recommended	14.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/telephasic_/	Overpaid for a game that is (and was) falsely advertised and has perfomance issues. No refund based on this  :(
dale	Not Recommended	51.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/dayallnash/	I wish I could get my money back.
Killer9008	Not Recommended	1.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198078747342/	~DO NOT BUY , GLITCCHY AND BROKEN AS ♥♥♥♥~runing a 970 and 980 ti game is horribley laggy , controls are ment for a controller aswell as inventory managment sucks, i loved watching game play but to play it is horrible, its worth more around the lines of 20$ once its fixed
Sunny Vega	Not Recommended	62.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/vegasunny/	I feel scammed..
AveMe	Not Recommended	29.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198072007241/	Give everyone a refund.IT'S ONE BIG LIE
Cucarachas	Not Recommended	22.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/cucarachaas/	this game is not worth 60euros. dont buy it
Oatvin	Not Recommended	24.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/oatvin/	They posted bogus screenshots to hype the game.  They made it seem like the game would get better if you played longer. It didn't. Once you realize it, it is too late for a refund.  I wish steam would come down on them for this but it doesn't seem like they will.  Shameful.
tsheesley3	Not Recommended	5.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198025864289/	The game was soulless. Meeting the aliens in the space station was like talking to an npc in real life that couldn't respond. I think I would have enjoyed the game more if it were just a movie going through demo quality footage.
BufferBloat	Not Recommended	94.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197994078033/	https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=31g0YE61PLQ 
MeandmyPalz	Not Recommended	17.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/MeandmyPalz/	Failed to live up to anything they promised.
Toast	Not Recommended	35.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198076409852/	worst birthday gift ever*Drops mic*not your fault david
Drake Steele	Not Recommended	46.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198044277501/	The short of it is, this plays like an E3 demo or some early access title.Yeah, that's bout it.Edit:  Oh yeah, mad props to them for making a big multi-player game that you can pause           [start button/ menu keybind].
rdkearney	Not Recommended	153.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198013337260/	Feel cheated and justifiably. So many of the features promised are missing, it's pretty much false advertising. I have a top spec system and the lag/frame rate is still a problem. Promo videos showed worlds with active wildlife and rivers etc, the wildlife runs around and either attacks you or doesn't... that's it. Very one dimensional. Even flying around feels clunky. Explore huge worlds at snails pace, everything is too slow. Not enough upgrades or crafting, no meaningful interaction with factions just one random battle after the next.
NeoViper	Not Recommended	29.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198086279731/	Preordered the 160 euro edition with the metal space ship, regret it to this day. Shaun Murray lied about everything
BankableSwine	Not Recommended	5.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/FATTYBUMBUM88/	Terrible. I hate myself for buying it.
planet_potat0	Not Recommended	16.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197972390343/	I have had no real issues concerning performance, gtx 770 and core i5 3570k, 16gb ram still trucking after all these years, max settings, no real stutters except during a takeoff here and there. While I do recommend this game because I feel as though, at least a part of it, can pique interest in any sci fi fan, I do not believe it is worth the $60 right now, maybe 29.99 or 19.99, but there is simply not enough content to be worth this much money.How is there not enough content in this endless universe? It has an upgrade, mine, repeat loop that will keep you interested for a little while but without things like base building, full multiplayer support, more customization options, avatars, etc, it is simply not enough to warrant the price tag, essentially everyone paid $60 to see what a truly endless universe looks like in a game as early as possible, and honestly it is something amazing to go through, but it just needs more, and who knows if it will ever get it.
Selawik	Not Recommended	17.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198022187034/	Not what was promised or advertised.
freshoutofmiracles	Recommended	190.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198028824466/	This is another example with the problem with steam reviews. Biased reviews can make or break a game. Over hype for this game became a double edged sword. Now it's a hype thing to be negative about this game.Recent reviews continue to say 'they come back and play a couple of hours to see how the updates are'. The problem with that is there is much more depth and changes to the game that a couple of hours doesn't allow you to see what this game can now offer. I want to try to stay objective as possible while waiting to see what they do with this game.Overall my review message is to not pay heed to the bad review ratio on steam. Most of these reviews are biased and butt hurt over getting their overblown expectations crushed. A lot of these reviews haven't changed since the horrible launch. If you're on the fence whether to come back to NMS or try it after the fallout, look for recent gameplay videos from trusted content creators. See why they still play the game and see for yourself.Summary of changes since launch:-Planets are more varied (less dead rocks in space)-Base building/ terra forming-Hire npc's for your bases-More vehicles to unlock-Better creature variation-Exploration and creature discovery is actually rewarded now-Farm building-More ship variations and types with stats-Ship combat is better (needs a bit more depth imo)-Pirates and bounties -More crashed ships to loot (could use more depth)-More npc types and traders-Buy and customize a freighter ship-Inter-system trading makes sense now and has more depth-Invite people to your base or visit other player's bases-You can see up to 16 players in game in an area as orbs (not much but it's a start for multiplayer)-There are questing hubs now-There's a 30 hour story arc-There are more quality of life changes (eg. better upgrades, teleport between bases and freighter, 'stargate' monoliths work!)-Different game modes (creative, survival/hardcore and normal)-Graphics are improved / optimisation is improved-Overall progession has more depth-Third party Mods can add a lot and allow you to customize your experienceLet me put it this way, NMS now has more content and life than Ark: Survival Evolved (a game so empty and still unfinished it can only survive on multiplayer for content). I can recommend you to buy this game but wait for a sale or wait and see what NEXT has to offer. For how bad it started, it can only get better. I will continue to watch this game and update this review. So far all updates have been and will likely continue to be free. At least there's that, oh and no freaking loot boxes.
🅲🅷🅴🅴🆉🆂🆃🅴🅺	Not Recommended	13.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/net1204/	No man's refund
OMGrant	Not Recommended	14.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/OMGrant/	I would have loved this game if it we're as immersive, or lively as the game trailers. Most of what made this game sound exciting got feture cut, and the fact that it takes more than 2 hours to find out the rest of the game lacks all these things Sean Murray talked about months before the game launched, but not when the game launched... Its incredulous. For $60, I feel amazingly ripped off.The game isn't without value. Its still technically a game. I would have been ok with the game being 80% of what was shown at E3, etc. No Man Sky is at about 40%, and you can't even find that out until its too late.
Dexter	Not Recommended	20.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198058695227/	Simply not worth 60$ in it's current state. Quite repetitive.**Edit 11/29/2016**The Foundation update is a start, but the game still has a long way to go before it has sustainable fun.
Decaf vanilla almond milk latte	Not Recommended	0.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/cokeluvr2k/	The worst part about this game was paying the full price. I don't know what I was thinking. Its not like I couldn't spare the money but I'll never get it back.
Fortisq	Not Recommended	74.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/fortisq/	I'm reminded of all those analogies about eating a steak you didn't like and returning it people were making a month ago. However, I've always had a different take on it.It's more like going to a restaurant that advertised the best steak in the city. Only, in this resturant, you pay upfront. You order their "famous" advertised steak, only to get something that looks like it came out of a TV dinner box. You eat a piece of it, trying to give it the benefit of the doubt. After all, they said it was the best selling steak and everyone in the city bought one. As your chewing it, you can start to tell, it clearly isn't the best, but it isn't the worst either. You tell the waiter, let him know that this steak isn't as amazing as advertised, and maybe he mixed up your order. He assures you the kitchen will fix it, and will bring you a new steak. Now, you're sitting in this restaurant, starving, waiting for the "best steak in the city", while the steak you ordered sits in front of you, getting cold. You wait and wait, and hours go by. Your waiter said he'd be right back, with a new steak, but that was hours ago, and it seems like the restaurant cleared out. You're still starving, so you continue to begrudging eat the steak you were served. It's far from the best steak, it doesn't even taste good at this point. But, it's the steak you were served, and you're hungry. You look around and ask for the staff, but no one is there. What can you do? At what point can you go look for the waiter? How long is too long to wait for what was "promised"? You already bought the steak, and you're hungry. Do you leave the steak behind entirely and find a new restaurant? Do you keep eating, just so you can feel full, as if you got your moneys worth? Do you demand a refunded? This steak is clearly not what they advertised. How do you even go about doing that? It almost seems like the entire staff disappeared. The longer you wait for the waiter that doesn't show up, the more frustrated you get with the mediocre steak you received.Other restaurants you've been to have had their faults too. But their waiters always seem to come back. They tell you things like "sorry, the kitchen messed up" or "your food will be ready in 10 minutes". They sometimes will even let you sample a dish you aren't sure about. This is the first time you've felt neglected at a restaurant. Sure, maybe you are feeling entitled, needing to know every detail about your meal. But compared to other restaurants, when they make it seem so easy, you can't help but feel like you've been cheated.
Jish	Not Recommended	33.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198199901119/	This game is the definition of false advertising. In the trailers, there planets that varied in climate based on their distance to their star. There were desert planets near the stars. In one of the trailers, an enormous wormlike creature slithered along the surface of a desert planet. In the trailers, you could fly as close to the surface of a planet as you wanted. There were enormous crashed freighters on the surfaces of planets. We were told there would be planetary physics, in atmosphere combat, and, most importantly of all, multiplayer. Sean Murray tried to get people to never realize that multiplayer is absent by constantly stating that it's there, but you have almost no chance of finding someone. People 'found' each other on the first day that the game released, but they couldn't even see each other. I tried to like this game, but it got repetitive far too quickly. I kept playing thinking that there would be a great reward at the center of the galaxy, but after a friend reached the center and I learned of what happened there (which, by the way, is EXTREMELY disappointing) I couldn't bring myself to play anymore. It became a chore. This game is in no way worth $60. This was one of the most disappointing purchases that I've made in my entire life.
Subject16	Not Recommended	26.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/youknowwho77/	I wanted No Man's Sky plain and simple, but instead I got the "Lie of the Year" Edition.
Bobuldog	Not Recommended	38.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198045212330/	This is the worst game purchase I have ever made in my life.  I requested a refund well after the deadline to do so, just so that I could receive acknowledgment from Steam that this game is a hot piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥  The developer was a bold faced liar in interviews and hype before this game released.  There are consumers that spend lots of money on games, because they are enthusiasts and want to support the industry.  What happened on this game should be publicized and Action Games should be sued in a class action lawsuit for those that have not received refunds.  Steam changed its policy regarding screenshots because of this specfiic game.  There is no reason to engage in this game, as it is more mental masturbation and meaningless grinding than I have ever seen in a game.  Ever.
SluttyMcNutty	Not Recommended	39.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198168884329/	♥♥♥♥ this
DocTox	Not Recommended	25.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Doctor-Toxic/	Don't even bother wasting your money.
GamerGoat	Not Recommended	53.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198089019172/	Way too repetitive, boring, no content... I kept playing to see what is in the center but then i realized i had all the fuel i needed. So all i had to do was to warp jump see a 30-40 second loading screen masquarading as a hip wow this is warp speed animation over and over. The trailers and some of the screenshots here on steam are not actual gameplay footage.
Andereth	Not Recommended	9.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/andereth/	Simply not worth the high price.
Inneandar	Not Recommended	52.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198007172767/	> Playing DOOM, having fun!>> Yay No Man's Sky is out!> Yay it's working!> hmm... did every animal just escape from my kid's mix-and-match books?> hmm... does every planet looks like an ugly and boring version of earth?... 50 hours later...> **** the center of the universe>> Playing DOOM, having fun!
Invader808	Not Recommended	75.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197988851861/	(One Mans Lie) A short review to match the game content this game was fun for 3 hours then after that point a complete waste of time they made a game where as you would have to exceed the 2 hours of play time that steam give as a refund time frame .All in all a well thought out scam by Hello Games and backed up by steam 2 hour rule, question is should you buy this game well lets see what can you do with this game ill list them below.1 Discover new planets2 Mine and grind for credits3 Learn Alien Words4 Upgrade your ship5 Upgrade your space suit6 Upgrade your Gun7 have some rather simple space fights8 Take pictures of alien life forms + Upload the screen shotsNow Repeat again and again and again and again most of the above with no story to this game and lies of how you need to get to the centre of the unverse because theres better planets there but mostly to try and complete the game like there was a reason to keep repeating most of above.100% best computer game scam of 2016 backed by 2 hour refund steam rule which to be fair in this case you could never really tell how good or bad this game might be in 2 hours unlike some games you buy and can tell with in 1 hour of playing them.The sad part about this game is the possibilitys of this game where HUGH  20% i would give this game.Oh if this game is on your wish list please re-think on that
Mike	Not Recommended	17.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mispey/	Gotta check out videos online to see more about the game - promo materials above and promo pictures are nowhere near reality.
(NJT) Speirs	Not Recommended	68.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197978352555/	The combination of the price bracket and marketing leads you to believe this game is far more than a sandbox of procedural generated, gorgeous imagery. It's not.Also no end to the game, no matter what path you take, so don't try.Would be OK if:- $30 less- didn't take 5 seconds just to open trade with each person (and for no real benefit)- could do anything in the marketing videos- quest rewards weren't useless after an hour of game playI didn't need an end, but felt like it did have one so it made you try :`(And please stop making grind games and calling them the next Minecraft.EDIT: CAUTION - playing a few planets before realising that you've just wasted your time will put you over the Steam refund 2 hour limit! Cheers Valve....EDIT EDIT: Have a look through the other reviews on steam; one thing this game gave us all is some good laughs. You know when you are all sad, so as a group you laugh together. Yeah, those kind of laughs.
Capt FlashHart	Not Recommended	6.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198019888535/	Having believed the developer and watched the videos about what this game included i was excited to purchase this game.I have only played it for 6 hours and believe I have spent longer trying to get a refund on this game than I have actually playing it.I think it is a travesty that not only does the game not deliver a majority of the things stated (such as 18 quintillion planets and multiplayer) its incredibly slow to the point that you will spend more than the refundable amount of time realising that there is nothing to do in this game.Avoid like you would avoid all the other players of this (as you cant physically play with anyone)
Georgeous	Not Recommended	22.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198059227408/	This game will forever be the shame of my game library a constant reminder to trust my instincts and never again get caught up in the hype of a game.1/10 would never play again.
Nazaryn	Not Recommended	115.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/nazaryn/	Okay, so.. open your wallet, and take out $60. You know, three crisp, $20 Jacksons.Think about all the things you could buy with that $60. Think about it for about... 40 hours.Now, walk over to your fireplace, and throw it into the fire.Shout: "I made it to the center! Yeah!"Congratulations, you've beaten No Man's Sky. What an absolutely mindblowing experience that was. We're all glad we did that.
Phteven Brown	Not Recommended	20.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mesterlank/	This game is not worth 60 dollars. And I really want a refund for this, I know of other games that are better than this trash.
daydreamin 雲	Not Recommended	22.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ThisAccountIsLegitTrustMe/	Sooo, after playing this game and losing all hope for it I decided to write a negative review.I thought they would AT LEAST DO SOMETHING about the hate. They didnt,NO content updates that are noteworthy, no excuses or ANYTHING.DO NOT BUY FOR MORE THEN 2 BUCKS. ITS NOT WORTH IT
Mike	Not Recommended	17.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mispey/	Gotta check out videos online to see more about the game - promo materials above and promo pictures are nowhere near reality.
Blueliger2	Not Recommended	42.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198231530612/	Dont even think about it. You will be let down.
Asdead	Not Recommended	104.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198125153616/	NEXT UPDATE:Broke my game. 100 hours and now I am stranded without fuel on an island without any minerals on it. Every new game starts on a planet so cold or so toxic you die before you can even fix your scanner. WTF SEAN??? NMS just keeps getting worse. Original:Waited a long time for this game. When they said it was going to be a ps4 exclusive I bought a ps4 so I could play this game. When news came for a pc release I was super pumped. Then the game came out...Don't waste your money on this game. After 50 hours I can safely say everything is the same no matter where you go. Sean LIED. Sold us an indie alpha at AAA price. Never give Hello Games a cent of your money EVER! Still haven't seen a river, ringed planet, or desert.Subnautica. Go but it. Way better.Or Pulsar: lost colony, or Rodina
JonesR	Not Recommended	218.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jonesr/	No Man's Sky shows some amazing potential. It has a grand vision and a solid foundation for something great. But in the end that's all this game really is...amazing potential.The first 10-20 hours will be magical: a new planet flourishing with seemingly unique plant life and animals, resources to gather, a spaceship, once fixed, will be your portal to explore the vast cosmos. Look up in the sky and see other planets and possibly even moons that you can actually fly to and claim discovery like Christopher Columbus. It all seems like a fantasy come true.Then reality strikes...The front page of the No Man's Sky Steam store showcases some blatant lies.For example, the page says "In this infinite procedurally generated universe, you'll discover places and creatures that no other players have seen before - and perhaps never will again."That is a flat lie.After about hour 20 where you should have a few hyper space jumps under your belt and have explored each planet and moon in the systems where you have visited, you come to the realization that the places and creatures you discover have some extreme likenesses, and in fact are exactly the same places and creatures that you have visited on previous planets.The same plants, the same animals, the same buildings, the same life forms, the same space stations, the same ships, the same weather patterns, the same sentinels. It's ALL the same.Everything is a clone of everything else, just on an immensely vast scale."At the centre of the galaxy lies a irresistible pulse which draws you on a journey towards it to learn the true nature of the cosmos."This statement isn't even worth dissecting. It is just not true."But, facing hostile creatures and fierce pirates, you'll know that death comes at a cost, and survival will be down to the choices you make over how you upgrade your ship, your weapon and suit."Death doesn't come at a cost; you simply respawn and go to your grave to get your stuff back. Unless you consider choosing not to recharge your life support as a choice for survival, there are really no choices to make that affect your survival."Trade convoys travel between stars"No."Factions vie for territory"No.Mind you, I've taken these statements directly from the No Man's Sky Steam store page. I have not edited them in any shape, form, or fashion. They are just flat lies.Then there was the promises by Sean Murray in his many videos about the features that this game would offer. Blatant lies and false promises. Certainly stretching the truth at a minimum. Stephen Colbert was even genuinely amazed and excited.And then there's that multiplayer thing....that isn't quite multiplayer. More like an online catalog.The final nail in the coffin of this terrific alpha build is its instability and crashes. No finished game should ever crash this much. EVER. And it's not even one game breaking bug. There are literally dozens of game breaking bugs. Nearly every action in the game has been tied to a crash. Hello Games has no respect for quality assurance. They've hyped up the product feeding on the hopes and dreams of anyone willing to drink the koolaid. Unfortunately they've laced that koolaid with cyanide...No Man's Sky is ultimately a product launch failure, but it might be the most profitable failure of all time. Outside of the excessive crashing, I enjoyed the first 20ish hours. But boasting 18 quintillion planets, I expected a lot more variety and uniqueness that would continually keep the exploration and discovery aspects fresh and exciting. Instead the game hits a point where it feels empty, mundane, and downright boring.
kingofkings11211	Not Recommended	31.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kingofkings11211/	Do not buy this game if you dont want to grind for no real reason. This game is fun for the first few hours but becomes incredibly repetitive and boring. The inventory system is horrible and unfair to the point where it seems to only serve the puropse of forcing players to grind longer. The game is the same formula in a lonley universe that grows dull very quick.
Zoros3112	Not Recommended	19.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198123381116/	LIESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!!!!!!! Where is the freaking giant sand dune snake in the trailer SEAN????
OMGrant	Not Recommended	14.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/OMGrant/	I would have loved this game if it we're as immersive, or lively as the game trailers. Most of what made this game sound exciting got feture cut, and the fact that it takes more than 2 hours to find out the rest of the game lacks all these things Sean Murray talked about months before the game launched, but not when the game launched... Its incredulous. For $60, I feel amazingly ripped off.The game isn't without value. Its still technically a game. I would have been ok with the game being 80% of what was shown at E3, etc. No Man Sky is at about 40%, and you can't even find that out until its too late.
Dexter	Not Recommended	20.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198058695227/	Simply not worth 60$ in it's current state. Quite repetitive.**Edit 11/29/2016**The Foundation update is a start, but the game still has a long way to go before it has sustainable fun.
Decaf vanilla almond milk latte	Not Recommended	0.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/cokeluvr2k/	The worst part about this game was paying the full price. I don't know what I was thinking. Its not like I couldn't spare the money but I'll never get it back.
Fortisq	Not Recommended	74.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/fortisq/	I'm reminded of all those analogies about eating a steak you didn't like and returning it people were making a month ago. However, I've always had a different take on it.It's more like going to a restaurant that advertised the best steak in the city. Only, in this resturant, you pay upfront. You order their "famous" advertised steak, only to get something that looks like it came out of a TV dinner box. You eat a piece of it, trying to give it the benefit of the doubt. After all, they said it was the best selling steak and everyone in the city bought one. As your chewing it, you can start to tell, it clearly isn't the best, but it isn't the worst either. You tell the waiter, let him know that this steak isn't as amazing as advertised, and maybe he mixed up your order. He assures you the kitchen will fix it, and will bring you a new steak. Now, you're sitting in this restaurant, starving, waiting for the "best steak in the city", while the steak you ordered sits in front of you, getting cold. You wait and wait, and hours go by. Your waiter said he'd be right back, with a new steak, but that was hours ago, and it seems like the restaurant cleared out. You're still starving, so you continue to begrudging eat the steak you were served. It's far from the best steak, it doesn't even taste good at this point. But, it's the steak you were served, and you're hungry. You look around and ask for the staff, but no one is there. What can you do? At what point can you go look for the waiter? How long is too long to wait for what was "promised"? You already bought the steak, and you're hungry. Do you leave the steak behind entirely and find a new restaurant? Do you keep eating, just so you can feel full, as if you got your moneys worth? Do you demand a refunded? This steak is clearly not what they advertised. How do you even go about doing that? It almost seems like the entire staff disappeared. The longer you wait for the waiter that doesn't show up, the more frustrated you get with the mediocre steak you received.Other restaurants you've been to have had their faults too. But their waiters always seem to come back. They tell you things like "sorry, the kitchen messed up" or "your food will be ready in 10 minutes". They sometimes will even let you sample a dish you aren't sure about. This is the first time you've felt neglected at a restaurant. Sure, maybe you are feeling entitled, needing to know every detail about your meal. But compared to other restaurants, when they make it seem so easy, you can't help but feel like you've been cheated.
Fiola	Not Recommended	49.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/fiola/	The first five hours of gameplay? It's pure gold. Amazing new discoveries. Crafting of the ship. Getting outer space. Meeting aliens. Discovering anomalies. After approx. five hours it's all about grinding or just "no significant and repetitive" exploration. The places looks almost the same. Every space station is the same. I can't name my ship. To get into center of the galaxy took me additional 15 hours with fully advanced spaceship after hours of gathering resources and gathering money thanks to selling "bypass chips".There is no economical model. There is also no need to learn language of other aliens, because there is nothing more than exploration.I feel ashamed by developers which are NOT RESPONDING. Not answering. Not even bother to make this better. They are just sitting and patching the game up - this isn't a way how to release a game. Trust me. We released our own game on Steam. It's easy to communicate in truth. But no, Hello Games taken the radio silence way.The center of the galaxy? Don't bother. Without any spoiler: There's nothing.Absolutely nothing.At first I really trusted the game and Hello Games there is something more hidden. That If I will really invest more time - it's not just about jumping from planet to planet. Because I was at E3 SONY Press Conference 2015 and I want THAT build - not this piece of unfinished game for 60€.I feel robbed.But at the same time I am glad I had a chance play prototype of the great game in their CORE. Don't get me wrong. I am mad about poor game-design choices which creates so much frustration even for advertised EXPLORATION. Game-Design which feels like prototype of something which is not defined yet.Now I guarantee that some else developer/studio will grab this whole idea, make it in smaller scale and go with it as soon as they can to Early Access for 20€ and it will be 100% success. Nobody will remember No Man's Sky. And that's a shame. I want to see what Hello Games will do about it. And one more thing, if this will someone from Hello Games read, let me give you one little advice as developer to developer: "COMMUNICATE WITH YOUR COMMUNITY", for god sake, hire at least someone who will answer on EVERY related question.For example: "So can we see each other in the game or not?" (of course we can't, but it could be great to read/hear it from you directly)I guess I don't have a right to ask steam for my first ever refund. Since I've played more than 27 hours. Take my money then and go away.
Traybair	Not Recommended	59.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/traybair/	They lied guys.
Joe Carr	Not Recommended	15.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/clownprinceuk/	I got this game because I thought it was going to be fun, instead it is built on lies and the developers do not care for the consumer's opinions. Check their social media posts and you will see nothing that addresses the issues such as why we were told time and time again that the game was multiplayer but the chances of seeing someone was slim, yet people have gone to the same planet in the same system and even stood on the same spot and cannot see each other.Furthermore it was said that when you discovered one of it's many creatures you could name them and that name would stay indefinately. That's rubbish, the names are wiped. The UI seen in the videos on the store page is not what the game shows you either. It's all faked.So don't do what I did and buy yourself this for your birthday and then feel let down because you fell for the lies and b/s. Wait for a more deserving game to come out and then come see what other steam users think of it.
BravoMike	Not Recommended	23.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/BravoMike716/	What a monumental trash heap of a game.
Twitter: @CreepyXL	Not Recommended	33.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/luciferos/	I like the game but pretty much everything that was promised is still absent. It's decent as a "lie back and chill" game but key features are missing, most of the periodic table is gone, there's just so much missing that it's a wonder they only had 20k refunds.I did not refund this game so I can see if one day they patch all the missing stuff back in, but I fear Sony/HG will come out with "Extraordinary DLC content" that'll cost some (many?) dollars. If they do that I'm never coming back to this game, or Hello Games, or Sony for that matter.
Blueliger2	Not Recommended	42.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198231530612/	Dont even think about it. You will be let down.
Invader808	Not Recommended	75.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197988851861/	(One Mans Lie) A short review to match the game content this game was fun for 3 hours then after that point a complete waste of time they made a game where as you would have to exceed the 2 hours of play time that steam give as a refund time frame .All in all a well thought out scam by Hello Games and backed up by steam 2 hour rule, question is should you buy this game well lets see what can you do with this game ill list them below.1 Discover new planets2 Mine and grind for credits3 Learn Alien Words4 Upgrade your ship5 Upgrade your space suit6 Upgrade your Gun7 have some rather simple space fights8 Take pictures of alien life forms + Upload the screen shotsNow Repeat again and again and again and again most of the above with no story to this game and lies of how you need to get to the centre of the unverse because theres better planets there but mostly to try and complete the game like there was a reason to keep repeating most of above.100% best computer game scam of 2016 backed by 2 hour refund steam rule which to be fair in this case you could never really tell how good or bad this game might be in 2 hours unlike some games you buy and can tell with in 1 hour of playing them.The sad part about this game is the possibilitys of this game where HUGH  20% i would give this game.Oh if this game is on your wish list please re-think on that
BenjaminBluntin	Not Recommended	54.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198188848526/	I'm very disapointed that I didn't go for the refund before passing two hours, but I just kept wanting to believe that you could do the things in the trialer... Anyways all the other negative reviews are true; this gmae has poor optimization, it is grindy, there is no multiplayer (as promised), no kinetic physical destruction from giant animals or bombs on vegitation/planets. No man sky has a great base for a game but its not there. I hope in time there will be some serious changes made and i can change this review, but i doubt that will happen.
gleenk	Not Recommended	100.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/gleenk/	After 30 hours gameplay, and 15 doing the same things, i'm bored. Really bored, i can't do anything different than collecting 10 chemical elements and jumping on other solar system. Nothing else. Really guys, nothing else. Sadly, that could be a great game. But it's not.
Mike	Not Recommended	17.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mispey/	Gotta check out videos online to see more about the game - promo materials above and promo pictures are nowhere near reality.
Subject16	Not Recommended	26.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/youknowwho77/	I wanted No Man's Sky plain and simple, but instead I got the "Lie of the Year" Edition.
Bobuldog	Not Recommended	38.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198045212330/	This is the worst game purchase I have ever made in my life.  I requested a refund well after the deadline to do so, just so that I could receive acknowledgment from Steam that this game is a hot piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥  The developer was a bold faced liar in interviews and hype before this game released.  There are consumers that spend lots of money on games, because they are enthusiasts and want to support the industry.  What happened on this game should be publicized and Action Games should be sued in a class action lawsuit for those that have not received refunds.  Steam changed its policy regarding screenshots because of this specfiic game.  There is no reason to engage in this game, as it is more mental masturbation and meaningless grinding than I have ever seen in a game.  Ever.
SluttyMcNutty	Not Recommended	39.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198168884329/	♥♥♥♥ this
DocTox	Not Recommended	25.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Doctor-Toxic/	Don't even bother wasting your money.
GamerGoat	Not Recommended	53.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198089019172/	Way too repetitive, boring, no content... I kept playing to see what is in the center but then i realized i had all the fuel i needed. So all i had to do was to warp jump see a 30-40 second loading screen masquarading as a hip wow this is warp speed animation over and over. The trailers and some of the screenshots here on steam are not actual gameplay footage.
Jon	Not Recommended	21.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/RadicalRetard/	Actual game is nothing like the E3 announcements.
c๐conut	Not Recommended	23.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SinisterDarkCrown/	This is my first review of any game on Steam and I wish it wasn't such a bad one, but No mans sky really deserves all the hate it gets. Developer like Hello games are really putting a bad name on the gaming industry as a whole and they only have themselves to blame. They should never have promised so much for this game then given so little they truly are the reason pre-orders can't be trusted. Take my advice don't buy this game save the 60 bucks and donate it to charity or something.
Akrium	Not Recommended	111.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Akrium/	Classic "Bait and switch" and you won't get your money back if you play the game at all to learn why it's a bait and switch. You will use up too much time.No multiplayNo meaningful craftingNo meaningful spaceship choicesNo meaningful relations with the few alien racesNo meaningful space combatNo meaningful naming of beasts, plants, planets, star systems... as there is no universal codex for us all to share between each other.. it's just yours to see and not even browse because that's bugged for each planet.What you get... a giant sandbox with a horrible story and a horrible finish. Which if you accidently skip getting the atlas quest line started, good luck getting back into it unless you randomly find another place to pick up from. Because god forbid you have both options from the start instead of only choosing one.All in all... if the game was 30 dollars I'd probably be happy. But there are games like Subnautica that blows NMS out of the water for less than even that sadly.Do NOT suggest ever buying this game. Even on sale.. as ethically the company lied to us even just before release. I will NEVER buy another game from this company because of the "Bait and Switch" tactics they pulled on this game. It's a massive shame that Steam is still selling this game.
Tauros_PT	Not Recommended	41.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Tauros/	This has got to be the absolute worst waste of money I have ever inflicted upon myself. Never will I Pre-order or buy a game until a month has passed. At least.
Twitch.tv/MasterSmokeyGames	Not Recommended	63.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Mastersmokey1/	doesnt get better than the first 15 min. avoid until its 20 bucks or less
Mattou	Recommended	36.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/gordonlutin/	I already loved No Man's Sky but it was definitely a bare bone experience, the NEXT Update changes everything! Now it is like that E3 experiences that was promised to us with even more awesome new features such as the 16 players multiplayers, the ringed planets, the brand new unlimited base building and much more! If you weren't already a fan, reach for the stars and get on board with this new updates and the following weekly updates!
Betta	Recommended	563.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198218857459/	Hello Games make a masterpiece! A fully space exploration with a survival core. This game fill my childhood dreams: explore planets, meet new alien specie's, find random biom, find rare and wonderful animals, drive and fighting with awosome space ships and in the same time remain peaceful and simple. I play this game from release date and all the patch coming make the game more and more interesting. I truly Recommend. But if you come from Call of duty or battlefield 1, is hard for you! This game remain the same (the core) all the patch make it better with more options and now with patch 1.3.0 we have new lore and more are come! But!...if you dont like the game from first place all the patch that are in game dont save you! Core of the game remain the same! Thanks Sean Murray and team® around No man's sky for the wonderful game and unic. I purchase a new copy yesterday and start a new and fresh long trip. See you around Travel's!
Heretic	Not Recommended	25.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Knackie/	False Advertising, did not get what was promised!
Nickernator	Not Recommended	11.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/nickernator/	No Man's Sky, one of the worst scams of the 21st centuary.Please nominate this game for the 'Best Scam of the Year" AwardThis game features 18 quatillion planets, they look the same and have the same glitches, resources and bugged creatures.Aliens that have no meaning, besides having very slow paced conversations, they do nothing.Space battles? They are a lie, the worst spacecraft vs spacecraft system I could have ever imagined.Factions? They give you a minor discount on items, faction vs faction doesn't exist.Survival? A pointless grind, the resource you need to survive is always nearby.Adventure? More like exploration without any dangers.Epic soundtrack? After 2 hours you will disable it and use your own music.Achievements? Never before has earning achievements been annoying, they interrupt your gameplay.Epic ending? It's the same as an empty box, there is nothing.Reasons to buy this game?Want to suffer from glitches, crashes, bugs, are you unable to get bored with very little content, you want to join one of the worst communities, and you want to support a devloper that ignores any feedback and have been silenced for almost 7 weeks?
Battleskull	Recommended	48.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197971144822/	The NEXT updates have really improved the game significatly compared to initial realease. Would recommend to anyone looking for a relaxing crafting/survival game.
GoatBrains	Not Recommended	43.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198168271827/	It took me way too long to see how bad this game sucked
LerkinAround	Not Recommended	276.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/LerkinAround/	After giving this game some time, I have to finally give it the thumbs down.  There's not much I can say that hasn't been said already in all of the reviews.After 50+ hours in, it is pretty boring.  Just different coloration on each planet.  Animals all started looking the same.  And it's basically limitless grinding for resources/money rather than exploration.  Flight controls are terrible.  Interactions with other species is pointless and boring.  They literally just sit/stand there and do nothing.  All the same.And as I came back to this page to rate it I decided to watch some of the trailers again.  It is extremely disappointing that the game is nothing like what it appeared in the trailers.  But as revealed, that's because they were fairly scripted.There is nothing compelling me to keep playing this game.I don't recommend this game in the current state.  Hopefully they improve it.
Kentenyo	Not Recommended	20.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Kentenyo/	This game feels like an Early Access cash grab. The content that is showcased in the gameplay and pre-release trailers do not reflect the final product at all. There is literally nothing new to do in this game after about 2 hours. Even if you force yourself to explore the universe, you'll quickly learn how repetative and limited the procedural generation is. 18 quintillion planets and none of them feel truly unique. This game only left one impression on me and the majority of the people who played it, a very bad one. Do not support Hello Games ever. They do not even actively communicate with the players post-release because they KNOW they released a game that failed to tackle 80% of its promises and have no answers to give.
skipopotamus	Not Recommended	93.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Skipopotamus/	42 billion planets that are all basically the same.  3 sentient species encountered in several hundred thousand light years travel.  I really tried to like this game, I wanted to love it, but it just wasnt what it was advertized to be.
SG_Yusuke	Not Recommended	9.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SG_Yusuke/	60 bucks down the drain that i could have use on a hooker FeelsBadMan
BootyPoppa	Not Recommended	26.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198035885946/	can't get a refund for false advertisement?
aXs82	Not Recommended	38.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Axs82/	...just Bad :(
spec10	Not Recommended	16.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/spec10/	Expected to buy something with long term appeal. Trailers and developer comments / descriptions promised something very different. Got a shallow experience that started fading fast. Steep admission price to uncover a false advertising campaign. Lesson learned.
Rockshocker	Not Recommended	57.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197988896776/	Do not buy, do not be fooled by this game, it's not a game, it's a cash grab by greedy developers!!2 hours is not enough time to decide if you like the game or not. No Man's Sky is so shallow that you spend hours trying to find something fun to do in the game. Refunds should be given without question, I gave this game a chance, the benefit of the doubt and I'm stuck with it. Every planet has the same plants and minerals. Every outpost is the same copy and pasted outpost from a handful of maybe 3 different layouts.There is 1 type of space station in the entire game.Want to return to your starter planet or any other planet that you enjoyed, nearly impossible with the clumsy interface and controls.
Robinson	Not Recommended	20.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197994218947/	I WANT MY REFUND!
Pariah	Not Recommended	29.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198017069621/	give my money back
JibberyScriggers	Not Recommended	9.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198047652385/	The single biggest letdown in gaming history! Utter shambles of a "game" which will hopefully mark the beginning of the end for pre-order culture!
Bloo Flar3	Not Recommended	21.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198047617313/	Just a bunch of lies. No multiplay, Even if they said it eould have just it would be hard to find each other. paid DLC. Laggy, Planets are all the same so far.Its sad how they over hyped this game and made lies to help boost this bad game.
Samwise Gamgee	Not Recommended	39.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198278427896/	Well after quite a few hours of playing "legit" i decided to stop doing the same thing over and over again and moded it. this makes the game much better but still bad. not worth the effort or money esecially for the lousy endings yes both suck
dirtzdan	Not Recommended	50.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/dirtzdan/	A basic Refund request for anyone to work off. I have been hella patient but with the issues the developer is having its never going to be fixed."To Whom it may ConcernAny chance of a refund considering the complete lack of content/mis-sale/and my patience? I've waited long enough to expect vast improvements in the game however that is not going to happen as the developers are currently in constant lawsuits. It is thus, not as advertised and never will be. Regards,Dan"
riverreveal666	Not Recommended	18.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198002121401/	The auto play video being used on the store page is a lie. That isnt the game that you are paying for. Dont put hours into this game hoping the next planet will be the one which has AI like the store page video as that planet doesnt exist. The fact that Steam are refusing refunds after 2hours in game this vast is a pretty big slap in the face to every customer who preordered this game expecting it to be like the videos portray.Preorder a large game again using store page as a buying guide? Never again through Steam. Steam and Hello (we lie about) Games have now put me off preordering any game for the forseeable future.As bad a release as Sim City. Recieved worse customer service from Steam than EA, who while refusing to refund, did at least give out a choice of free games to apologise. Although obviously a refund would have been the ethical thing to do and far better customer service.In 15 years of gaming this is the first time I feel really conned by a purchase and a company.
oksywan	Not Recommended	163.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/oksywan/	I want my money back !
Cyrus	Not Recommended	1.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197965127091/	should be $15
Railgun	Not Recommended	24.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ryanarntz/	Not what the developers said it was!!DON'T BUY!!!!!!
GrapeJudas	Not Recommended	14.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198006689465/	This is an overhyped $20 game sold for far too much. I wanted to like it. It's a decent concept poorly executed. In time it may grow into something worthwhile. But that is not the game as it currently exists. Wait for it and never pay more than $20 for it.
OllympianGamer	Not Recommended	13.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ollympiangamer/	Steam should remove this "game" from the store and auto refund everyone who spent money on it.
Orcbolg McBeardcutter	Not Recommended	19.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Number4429/	Absolute silence from the developers when questioned about missing features. They took the money and ran. Avoid unless you like grinding for resources to sell so you can buy stuff to help you grind for resources to sell so you can buy stuff to help you grind for resources to sell...And then eventually reach the center of the galaxy only to be sent back to the edge. The reward for all your hard work is a hearty "go ♥♥♥♥ yourself."
Joesus	Not Recommended	59.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197970417687/	The game worked fine for me. However it was a huge let down. Once you've explored a couple planets you've done it all. For a full price game I would think there would be much more from No Man's Sky. Factions, like pirates, trading guilds some sort of quest. there is a lot of room for improvement, what is the point of endless space if there's no drive to explore it.That said the game does look nice and I like the seemless travel from planet to planet. I'm giving it a thumb down, but I wish there was some middle ground like a a flat hand shaking. You know the game was "ehh". If I bought it on sale for 15 bucks I would have less buyers remorse and might like it more.
I Have Osteoporosis	Not Recommended	17.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/JoshBresser/	It's Space Engine, but with with stupider looking environments, more limited exploration, and a $60 price tag.Seriously, avoid this.
Joeyh92989	Not Recommended	19.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197972661472/	This game is extremely shallow. Most of the features advertised were not included with the launch, and what was included was an alpha release of an indie game. I wouldn't be upset if this game cost $20, but at $60 this is just unacceptable. I have requested a refund, and would advise anyone else to not buy this game.Who knows maybe at Christmas when they have had some time to sort our performance and ideally have added in at least some of what was promised I would buy it on sale. I would still be hesitant, as the company really doesn't deserve any money for the stunt they pulled
Joesus	Not Recommended	59.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197970417687/	The game worked fine for me. However it was a huge let down. Once you've explored a couple planets you've done it all. For a full price game I would think there would be much more from No Man's Sky. Factions, like pirates, trading guilds some sort of quest. there is a lot of room for improvement, what is the point of endless space if there's no drive to explore it.That said the game does look nice and I like the seemless travel from planet to planet. I'm giving it a thumb down, but I wish there was some middle ground like a a flat hand shaking. You know the game was "ehh". If I bought it on sale for 15 bucks I would have less buyers remorse and might like it more.
I Have Osteoporosis	Not Recommended	17.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/JoshBresser/	It's Space Engine, but with with stupider looking environments, more limited exploration, and a $60 price tag.Seriously, avoid this.
Joeyh92989	Not Recommended	19.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197972661472/	This game is extremely shallow. Most of the features advertised were not included with the launch, and what was included was an alpha release of an indie game. I wouldn't be upset if this game cost $20, but at $60 this is just unacceptable. I have requested a refund, and would advise anyone else to not buy this game.Who knows maybe at Christmas when they have had some time to sort our performance and ideally have added in at least some of what was promised I would buy it on sale. I would still be hesitant, as the company really doesn't deserve any money for the stunt they pulled
Amunaten	Not Recommended	12.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/amunaten/	Seems like the devs had great intentions, but it ended in dismal failure. The game, while having some enduring moments, doesn't pass the acid test of actually being fun to play.
Digital Puma	Not Recommended	28.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198129612894/	Scam
bigshaggerelliot	Not Recommended	7.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/NiggaDrinkingSprite/	This game is a non-repetetive fun game for 6 hours. You can't refund after 2 hours of playtime.
EirikTheNord	Not Recommended	13.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/EirikTheNord/	No Man's sky is as wide as the ocean, but as deep as a puddle... a very shallow puddle. Throw in some god awful controls, VERY BUGGY pc-port, bad crafting system, boring enemies, dead planets with the same content as the one before, an insulting ending that you might as well just look up on youtube and you've got yourself a pretty bad time.
Scarlett	Not Recommended	10.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/skillz4me5/	I consider buying this to be my biggest mistake of the year. If they were a bit more honest and just admited to how little they could achieve with the size of their team none of this would be happening. The price should barely be $20
AsianPenthouse666	Not Recommended	14.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198075459330/	I wasted my money and cant get a refund... great
anus	Not Recommended	19.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/braiinsz/	I've defended this game endlessly prior to release.I thought I'd love it.I had preordered it in march.The game is a lie. Don't buy this game. There's nothing I can say that hasn't been said already, so just stay away from it.Foundation Update Edit (30.11.16):Yes, the game has gotten a lot better. However, I still can't recommend it. This update is a step in the right direction, but the game is still lackluster, poorly optimized and still lacks many of the promised features.
44R0N	Not Recommended	36.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197975071189/	Man, I was so hyped for this. What a letdown. Watching the videos these guys put out for this was surreal, and I couldn't wait to play. Then I get in, and after a few hours and a few planets...it didn't change much. I figured I should give this more than just 2 hours because I felt like it deserved it. Well, 25 hours later and it's different variations of the same stuff. Unless they add free content to this later on, I can't recommend this game. Not to mention the performance issues. Definitely not worth $60.
Leif Gw	Not Recommended	13.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198034060391/	incredibly disappointed
Copper Blood	Not Recommended	98.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198017210372/	Buyers Remorse!
Fhoer	Not Recommended	39.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Fhoer/	100% Scam, sadly got the game as a gift and couldnt return
Evil Closet Monkey	Not Recommended	37.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/evilclosetmonkey/	You can see everything in two hours.Flora is the same on nearly every planet, just with a different name. Whiel fauna can be varied, it is sparce and rarely seen to a degree that would be considered awe-inspiring. Once you've run around for a bit on the opening planet, you've seen what will be waiting for you on any other planet.The gameplay is nice for a casual night, but the lack of variety makes it unappealing.
Roflberg	Not Recommended	7.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Roflberg/	Extreme case of false advertisement.
Gribbstar	Not Recommended	39.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/gribbstar/	Didnt live up to any of the advertising hype. In fact it didnt even come close, to the point where advertised and talked about features were simply not there. Don't let the games first 10 minutes of play lure you in, that's literally all there is to do for the entirety of it - start to finish.Check out Joseph Anderson's absolutely perfect summary: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kd8vLJ66Vhc 
Bahamut	Not Recommended	30.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197995325138/	This has to be the greatest disappointment of a game that has ever existed. So much this could have been and when you realize what Hello Games did here you will never want to purchase one of their games again. Sean Murray should be personally refunding everyone who purchased this game their money back. Going to their houses and apologizing for what he did and giving them their money back.Steam should be ashamed of themselves for still offering this "game" on their site.
TheAlliedGhost	Not Recommended	67.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197967082891/	meh game. its a mining simulator where you mine to upgrade your ship and exosuit so you can mine much more resources so you can upgrade your ship and exsuit so you can mine some more.................4/10
KiXSTAr	Not Recommended	1.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/KiXSTAr/	No.
TheAlliedGhost	Not Recommended	67.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197967082891/	meh game. its a mining simulator where you mine to upgrade your ship and exosuit so you can mine much more resources so you can upgrade your ship and exsuit so you can mine some more.................4/10
Fhoer	Not Recommended	39.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Fhoer/	100% Scam, sadly got the game as a gift and couldnt return
Elfuret	Not Recommended	36.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198062706738/	No man's sky was a mistake
Wildcats #14 Troy Bolton	Not Recommended	42.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/iBenParry/	No Man's Sky: Rating - 6/10Review contains minor spoilers you probably know about, nothing related to the ending though.TL;DR Edition:The game is great fun until you complete collecting Atlas Stones. After you complete that objective, it becomes tiresome just travelling to the center, which is extremely annoying to grind and will require you to go through over 100 black holes. While the game is extremely unique and the fun I experienced in the first 24 hours, it becomes repetitive. Buy it when it's £20 or less.Too Long; Still Going To Read Edition:This game offers an experience like nothing I've ever played before. Endlessly going to new planets and star systems has been one hell of a ride and journey for me. These planets really do have real variety to them, I've seen so many different mixes of terrain, as well as the species. The game really is something special and unique, but in a world so massive and randomly generated, how can Hello Games allow No Man's Sky to become repetitive for the user to play?No Man's Sky works off the idea that you need to get to the center of your galaxy. It doesn't tell you how to do it, it just gives you a ship and a multi-tool to work with and away you go. This idea is actually a great concept, it allows the player to come up with their own story, their own objectives and make decisions on what to prioritise doing. So you eventually fix up your ship and you are starting your journey. Now, at the beginning, you are asked if you would like the help of the Atlas, which will allow you to then join the Atlas Path and collect Atlas Stones, which are used later on in the game, which for me, was my main priority. So from that point on I spent 20 hours going planet to planet, system to system, learning as much about the species that inhabited these worlds, while also building up to my goal collecting Atlas Stones and I was loving it. But then I got all the Atlas Stones I needed and it was laid out for me, get to the center. This was it, the final objective, the last task this game had for me. I crafted warp cell after warp cell, going through countless black holes in a race to get there before anyone else could. But by the time I travelled through 15 of these black holes, I had only travelled a tiny 15,000 light years, with a frustrating 160,000 to go. This is my main problem with No Man's Sky and Hello Games. They expect you to be okay going through over 150 black holes to reach the center of the galaxy, they think it's an acceptable game element to have, when quite frankly all it does is drive players away from playing.This is where the repetition really hits in for you as a player. You just want to reach the center, you've done everything else, you've got a good ship, a large inventory and a great multi-tool, but that doesn't change the fact you need to grind all those warp cells to travel through 150+ black holes to reach a point you're starting to lose interest in. It kills me to slam this game because I've been enjoying my time with it so much and I love it, but this final act really does kick you in the teeth and is a disappointing end, to what is a great game.Conclusion:While Hello Games have crafted one of the most beautiful looking games I've played and how they've achieved what they've achieved with 15 people is astounding. But in turn, you've created a huge environment that makes the game feel so empty. This game needs more, give me tasks to do on the way to center of the galaxy, create new stones for different races, such as Gek Stones, just to keep us busy. This game is going to be updated and content will be added overtime, but I would strongly advise waiting until this game dips to around £20 before you pick it up. £40 is too steep for an asking price for what you get given in such a little time of play. While the game isn't a bad game, it just needs work. And with the right time and mindset, Hello Games can make No Man's Sky one of the most memorable games to ever grace the market.Edit:Game completely blows, with no updates, do not buy this crap, ggwp Hello Games. 
Ailingduck	Not Recommended	37.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198185191922/	Game is a huge lie
Fira	Not Recommended	2.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/firazy/	I'm afraid that, at least currently, I can't recommend No Man's Sky.It's very saddening to note that there's some very interesting procedural generation algorithms that make for interesting sights, be it in terms of landscape, ships, or more... but to me that's currently the only actually interesting aspect of the game.Even as a space exploration game, there just isn't enough to do. There's no drive to actually move forward, save for finding techs and improving your ship. Did I mention that the resources and language systems are a total ripoff from a mobile game, Out There ?There's also the launch fiasco: I've not followed the game prior to launch myself, but I was dead certain there was Multiplayer included. Turns out, it's something that the game's marketing won't admit openly, but as with most features that have been shown in what seems to be prerecorded scripted movies posing as gameplay, these features simply don't exist at all, or at least not currently. I didn't have anyone in particular to play it with, but it's still kind of a letdown...As some have mentionned in other reviews prior, NMS would no doubt have been one of the best games of the year if it hadn't been marketed like this, and instead been sold off as Early Access for 20$. But currently, I can't agree to support a company that almost openly lies and sells 60$ a game that they won't even admit is unfinished. Maybe if they did...I've been on the fence about getting this refunded, which would have been my first time ever on Steam.I choose not to ask for one, but I sure as hell hope Hello Games will manage to move forward, and maybe stop lying, both outright, and through bad marketing, to their fans and customerbase.
nuseone	Not Recommended	19.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/nuseone/	I can only recommend this game if you can get it for less than $15 because that's about what its worth. I paid full price to support the guys that made it but i really regret it. Dont Believe the Hype
Nyx Khaos	Recommended	181.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Goldenphoenix84/	When I first saw this game, I honestly got excited over it. It looks really cool and who doesnt like the idea of flying through space in ships you can find, repair or buy ingame with money you earn from selling materials you can gather all over. NOW I NEVER checked any further into the info of the game as it was getting ready to come out. All I thought it would be was a single player adventure style game, so for me I wasnt one who got swallowed in the hype to be disappointed.If you love space, adventure, open world, gathering and crafting you will more than likely love this game. They have fixed it so there is multiplayer but it is just as fun in single player mode as well. This game has had quite a few large updates from when it first came out. I would say ignore all the negative reviews from where it first started because Im sure many who just gave it the one chance, then quit,  never came back to see how much father the creators have put into it.There are a few glitches or bugs that I have ran across while playing. One was when I landed on the side of a hill at an angle, and when I hop out of the ship, i glitch into a cavern underneath. Luckily if you have a multitool you can manipulate the terrain and get out. So make sure to have that thing handy and always refilled. Another was when I was playing with a friend. I joined his game and was on his large freighter. As I was leaving the cockpit to the landing area where the ships are parked, I fell through the ship (Like as if in ghost mode) and I died. Cant remember if I was able to get my stuff back or not cause if you do die in space, your grave will still be floating there. Small piece of advice, if you are playing multiplayer with friends and you are going to do a jump through space with a freighter, make sure everyone is in the cockpit with you. Not barely getting there and not in the hallway to that region. My friend selected to jump right as i was trying to get to the cockpit and I died in space.Also the game does seem a whole lot harder than it was in the beginning. My friend and I had to do several weeks of jumping to find a planet that was sort of close to an earth like planet. Its almost perfect but has storms that strip your health every 20 minutes if you cant get back in your ship or find a safe cavern. I remember when i first came into the game, finding perfect planets covered in lush green grass with no weather issues seemed to be pretty abundant. Now it feels like a 1% chance, or maybe the area where I was placed in the system is just doomed with dead and hazardous planets.I recommended this game to my older brother, now that it has been highly upgraded, and he has enjoyed it so far. He even got his daughter of 8 to play and she likes it alot. Again if you like space, adventure, and open world traveling you may really like this game. Whether single player or mulitplayer. There are missions you can or dont have to do. It's a very flexible a game
Lazarus	Not Recommended	11.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/trotfox5/	I feel so guilty for contributing to this being a platinum game...
aggr0	Not Recommended	10.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/d3k/	The game describes itself as being about exploration and survival. You "choose" your voyage as a fighter, trader, or explorer. You can ocassionaly fight... Random ambushes or robots on the planet. You can't rely on combat to play the game.There is no economy to trade and resources are plentiful. Again, can't play the game soley based on trading.You can explore... On foot... Different planets with the same buildings. Flying planetside is extremely simplified that you can't even fly close to the surface of the planets.The game is not bad, just extremely shallow for $60. If you enjoy sight seeing randomly generated planets you're good to go. Dont expect indept flying or any kind of economy. Regret picking up this game.
Testiculees	Not Recommended	6.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198006677730/	Spent more time trying to get a refund than actually playing the game. Was a total con for pre-order money and now refunds are locked down because too many are requesting it. Will never buy pre-order again and definitely will not be buying from steam again. Try to figure out the game is a con in the first two hours is absurd, it took me more than that to get off the first damn planet and get a steady FPS.Thanks Steam, really. DONT BUY AND DONT EXPECT TO GET YOUR MONEY BACK, COMPLETE JOKE
Captain crunchycunt	Not Recommended	33.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198089957931/	While No Mans Sky started out as an amazing game full of exploration and wonder, the game majorly hit a down with just about everyone. Do i recomend this game? No. however there is a lot of potential to this game, adding bases or new things to do would give players another hype. But while the game is in its current state full of bugs, lag, and overall just being repetitive, The game is absolutely worthless. Does it run well? Well for me yes, but others have reported it running like garbage. Please not while buying this game that there is so many better options for space games around the same money, Star citizen being one of them. I mean, come on Hello Games. ADD EVA for goodness sakes! you can't even get out of your ship in space? what? blegh. uuuuggggghhhh... But anyway. I do not recomend buying this game.
Spooky_Skeletons	Not Recommended	7.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/tuffy712/	Cant get my refund, the games ♥♥♥♥ing garbage no matter how much i forced myself to enjoy it.
Drat1856	Not Recommended	11.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Drat1856/	This game has No replayability, it is repedative and does not meet what was advertised/promised. Glitches that require you to start from the beginning, and performance issues.
SaltEnots	Not Recommended	111.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198049031596/	They lied about what was adertives. They promised us x and gave us y. And I'm pretty sure they pulled y out of their toilet. This is not what we paid for as a game. Especially for $60! It's completely unfair. Those lucky guys who were able to get the refund kiss your wallet. Cuz I doubt I'll prepurchase another game. And certainly never a game from Hello Games. Those god damn liars.
joshruple.ledpoisioning	Not Recommended	8.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198287338173/	This game is not what it was advertised for
BumZilla	Not Recommended	20.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/BumZilla3463/	The game is not what it seems. It mineccraft but no one knew that since the hype was real the game is super boring and suprise the 18 quintillion planet thing isnt true the game plaets look all the same, I probably saw 5 diffrent planets and I never saw something from the e3 demo perfomance isnt any better as after 2 hours of playing my frames drop to 10 frames per sec and its pretty bad. all that plus how some major featrues that were promised are not in the game and as if tha is not bad enough we are supposed to get PAID DLCS. to recap this game is fun for 2 minutes
aggr0	Not Recommended	10.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/d3k/	The game describes itself as being about exploration and survival. You "choose" your voyage as a fighter, trader, or explorer. You can ocassionaly fight... Random ambushes or robots on the planet. You can't rely on combat to play the game.There is no economy to trade and resources are plentiful. Again, can't play the game soley based on trading.You can explore... On foot... Different planets with the same buildings. Flying planetside is extremely simplified that you can't even fly close to the surface of the planets.The game is not bad, just extremely shallow for $60. If you enjoy sight seeing randomly generated planets you're good to go. Dont expect indept flying or any kind of economy. Regret picking up this game.
Mulkaccino	Not Recommended	35.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198017910022/	8 hours of playing before I said to myself, in the words of Jack Nicholson, "What if this is as good as it gets."
TheMorganTrail	Not Recommended	15.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/eponiah/	Is it fun? I enjoyed it. Is it what I paid for? No. I preordered in March, many features that were promised were undelivered. Plus it was pretty heavily delayed. It's a fun 15$ game, but AAA price demands AAA content, and this is the mid-low tier of indie. I wish Hello Games would have been honest with it's customers.Pros:-I got a refund (took weeks, and a paypal dispute, but I got it)-It was really really cool for the first 4 hours.-Learning space languages could have been a little deeper (I expected proceedurally generated races, with similar languages) but was still really cool.Cons:-Only looks good if you don't look at anything closely (vanilla minecraft has better textures)-No multimonitor support (no HUD rescale options, just stretches). Sean indicated on multiple occassions EVEN ON RELEASE DAY that this would be a feature. -The default FOV is completely claustrophobia inducing. I imagine they force reduced it, so that your card is rendering less, and therefore "magical better performance", leads into:-Literal Aids optimization. I have a 1080 SC FTW and on ultra I got a whopping 70 fps. Mind you that was with frame drops/tears every 15 or seconds. I spent at least an hour trying to optimize.-Jesus ♥♥♥♥ the spaghetti code. This game has more bugs than the Congo in it's peak of monsoon season. Hey, want to take off and move a mile or so forward to continue mining? WELL I HOPE YOU LIKE DEEP SPACE (when taking off, about 10% of the time you fly off planet; completely into space). Animals are often glitched: aquatic creatures stuck in air, spinning creatures, animals phasing through walls, teleporting animals, ect, ect, ect. I'm sure some of these bugs have/will be fixed, but these are too prevalent to be "missed" in the final touchups of the game (which was supposedly why it was delayed for over a month, not because they were being sued)-Lack of creature and resource diversity. The only resource that ever changes form is iron. Everything else is in basically the same form. I saw alot of LITERALLY IDENTICAL animals on different planets--most common were these little mushroom crab things that teleport along the ground. -There are literally thousands of posts talking about the missing features/promised mechanics, my big ones are as follows: animals don't interact with eachother. At all. Space combat is garbage, and has little reward (also where are my wingmen for hire????). Flying is bad (literally if its going to have 10 hours of exploration gameplay, at least give me controls to my own ship). If I want to ram my ship face first into a planet, I should be able to. On the subject of ships--there aren't different ship classes, at all, only "class" I can see is the individual a e s t h e t i c (which feels pretty Star Wars inspired). Multiplayer, where is it? If its not multiplayer, where are the advantages of singleplayer games (permadeath would be really cool).-Currency is so unbalanced its disgusting. I had the highest tier ship in my first 5 hours. -Puzzles that are one of 3 preformatted types, and zero difficulty. Please don't buy this game.Sean Murray, ♥♥♥♥ you.
Failsauce	Not Recommended	23.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197962224220/	Tp preface this review, I wanted to say that I'm a casual gamer who likes to get entertained by the games he acquires. I like shooters, I like survival games and I like space-ish games. I didn't jump on the hype train. I wasn't particularly looking forward to it but it peeked my intrest with the promise of exploration, survival, a little bit of shooting and some space combat and perhaps joining a faction. So I got the game, as it seemingly had everything I kind of enjoy. It's absolute garbage, at least, in it's present form. No, I haven't had any issues with performance, I've had a rock steady frame-rate. But I've found that activating certain items crashes the game so certain words are beyond my ability to learn.As for the game, well, it's repetitive and tedious beyond belief. Exploration is solely for the purpose of acquiring materials to keep yourself alive and to power your tools/taxi/ship. And boy do you need to power them a lot. Sure you can name stuff in world, but to be honest, after you name a few planets and animals/plants, you get to notice that doing this for months at a time, you start asking youself about the meaning of your life. The surival aspect really is boiled down to a simple concept. Power your suit with some stuff and to get that stuff get some other stuff to power your multi-tool.Combat on land, well, other than not wanting to talk about it, I don't know what to do. It's abysmal. Combat in space seems like it was tacked on in the very last second. You get scanned by pirates that come out of nowhere, they attack you, you shoot them down in between going through menus to power your shields.As for the general concept of the game, I feel it's best represented by the following instance. I mine a massive mound of pure gold on a planet (looks like a huge shinny yellow lump in the terrain) and move off to an other node. I turn around, look back and there is the same node I just mined. So I turn back to mine it and as I approach it, it fades away, only leaving a big deep hole in the ground. That pretty much sums up the gripes we have with the game at this point.Then add to that the fact that the devellopers outright lied about the game and seemingly removed portions of it. All in all, this doesn't add up to a pleasant product. Sure, there are some people to whom it appeals and I won't try to dissade them, but for me, the product felt incomplete, baddly thought out and poorly executed once I got over the initial period of awe.
RK	Not Recommended	11.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198042106378/	(Not really a review, more like a first impression)I wanted to like this game, I really did. But after the first hour or so it becomes a chore to play. I found it amazing that I could just look up at a planet and travel there and explore. But that's pretty much all there is to this game. You fly to one planet, sniff some plants, scan some animals then off to the next one. Some people like it, good for them. But, if you're like me, and were expecting something more from this game, than I don't recommend you buy it or atleast wait until it's heavily discounted. It pains me to say this, but No Man's Sky is just a glorified tech demo. What a shame... I'm glad I was able to get a refund as it wasn't anywhere near worth the $80AUD THAT I HAD TO PAY.
Husman	Not Recommended	70.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198052303614/	This game is not worth 60 bucks. period. It would have been if all the features we were promised would be in the game. Turns out the promises was just lies.
Hercule Satan	Not Recommended	36.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Darkash150/	I tried to like this game but time and time again it just got so repetitive. We were promised so much more and it did not deliver.
cyC	Not Recommended	55.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197996923228/	Like many people I was convinced that there had to be more to it, then just flying from planet to planet and looking around, discovering creatures/plants and grinding resources for upgrades or simply surviving. Yes some planets can be quite beautiful and there can be some yaw dropping views.Even if some planets look like they are full of life and it sometimes even feels like an ecosystem, it is not. I constantly have the feeling that there is something missing. Im missing real civilizations, a real variety in plants and animals. Since they put almost every rescource on every planet and made everything so plentiful that there is no real challenge to it. I guess the reason is the age rating. I can't get away this thought that this is just an arcade version of the No Man's Sky we all have seen in the trailers and demos. My theory is that this was a profit maximization decision. If it was, then there might be a chance to get an advanced / sim version as free DLC. I'm 100% sure that they made it way more easy in every way they could, so they could reach a larger audience with the game. I'm not mad about their decision doing that, I'm mad about them promoting the game not beeing what it is right now. I was convinced after all those interviews and trailers that it would be way more complicated. I'm not sure if it was only me or if other people thought that No Man's Sky would be more like a survival space simulation with a complex periodic table (like it was advertised). More things to encounter and to discover secrets. I spend some good time digging underground, beneath portals, monoliths, etc. But what made me most sad was the poor designchoice about the alien races, including the Atlas.In the beginning it feels really interesting and those text based background story pieces you get from the monoliths and ruins are well written. After 15+ hours you realise that nothing you do in this universe will have an impact on anything. It just doesnt matter at all what your standing is with any of the alien races. And whats with those sentinels? Would be nice to know more about them. But I can't find any information about them.I could complain about so much more, since there are so many reddit post, youtube videos etc. about the flaws No Man's Sky has right now, I just skip that part.What makes the discomfort about the flaws even worse is the pricetag. I feel like I bought a Porsche without having the chance to really look at it. Then realising that I acctually bought a Smart :(Maybe you like the game for what it is right now, maybe you don't. The feeling I get now when thinking about the time I had with No Man's Sky is: acrimonious and lugubrious
Dogbone_Oz	Not Recommended	60.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197970388532/	Warning - some spoilers ahead.I had heaps of fun in the beginning, as the game starts out very promising; there is seemingly tons of things to look at and while you're doing the initial "get better gear" stuff it's pretty fun and visually pleasing.However..after a relatively short while, you start seeing a lot of repetitiveness.  Even though everything is procedurally generated, you begin to see a lot of very obvious patterns in the content, AI interactions and environment. It feels like the same few ideas and designs are just rehashed over and over. Tasks given to you become more like a chore than anything else.- The storyline is virtually non-existent, vague and pretty lacklustre (explore the galaxy at random, follow Atlas' path, or go to centre of galaxy)- NPC AI is extremely basic; same 3 races of aliens saying the same things over and over ad nauseam.- Spaceports are all identical inside and feel very basic, empty and barren.- Planets get very tedious after you've seen 10-15 of them.  The 4 different planet hazards (cold, hot, radioactive or toxic) have essentially identical effects, bar the name.- Most (if not all) planets have the same resources, so you can find pretty much all the basics you need on any planet.All in all, was fun for the first 20 hours, then really starts to feel shallow and unfinished.  I never followed the hype (literally discovered this game's existence about 6 weeks before launch) but feel that, given the little content currently present, it's definitely not worth spending $60 on.As a final note, the game is also very poorly optimised and ridden with really bad bugs, such as savegames not working, stuttering GFX, random FPS loss, CTDs etc.  The patching so far fixes one thing but seemingly breaks something else.  In essence, this game feels unfinished; great idea, great framework, but just not fleshed out.
Conrad812	Not Recommended	91.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Conrad812/	the pictures you see on the store page for No Man's Sky are hand sculpted lies, and many of the things advertised by sean murray before release weren't in the final game. he didn't say sorry, we couldn't add this, or sorry, that's been removed; he blatantly lied to all of us. on top of that, the game has many optimization issues; while i didn't experience too many problems personally a large number of people report very low frames, lag spikes, and even not being able to start the game in the first place. even if you do get the game to work, it's a very shallow game in a very wide world and you'll get bored quickly. it's worth 15 dollars max, definitely don't get it for $60.
[IFN] A.Attwell [TM]	Not Recommended	21.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198087818431/	Everybody tag this game as "Lie" and it will come up on the popular tags!
geopenrice	Not Recommended	110.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198062584072/	I did Like this game for a long time... Now i have seen the ending, lets just say disapointed is an understatement... So many lies have gone into this game and the fact it cost £39.99 makes is so much worse.Not happy...They are giving indie games companies a bad name and look.
Allen	Not Recommended	44.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/allenk89/	Worth $10 at most.
TrappRat	Not Recommended	43.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/xXRuttsXx/	Don't need to explain as there are many thousands of others who have hit the nail on the head. My only regret is that I can't get my $60 back. Woud love to buy a different game that's worth my time.  Can't explain how utterly dissapointed I am. I have lost about all that's left of my hope for gaming. Don't buy this. Don't buy anything else these people make. Just hope that the company goes under so we never have to hear about this company ever again.
[IFN] A.Attwell [TM]	Not Recommended	21.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198087818431/	Everybody tag this game as "Lie" and it will come up on the popular tags!
Kenuty	Not Recommended	0.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kenuty/	Played ps4 version then sold it off to see if the pc version could be any better, in terms of graphics ,fov and options yes but the game still suffers from being a poor port and sometimes stutters on my dual TITAN X. The real reason I thumbed this game down is not because the game doesn't have a slew of options that was talked about but rather the game was paraded by sony as a TRIPLE A title when itis an early access/tech demo due to so much intense medicore gameplay elements. which is a true treason and a fine example of the Peter Polyneux effect. So ambitious to the point of not delivering up to it and many many of tthe features shown in past trailers or talked about is in the game at all, it is heart breaking for everyone..I would recommend this game for the casual/relaxed crowds or those that has never played survival/exploration games before and wants something really relaxing to play or those that never really followed the game for 2 years. Unless you like postcard simulator or can roleplay as a space photographer then this is a game for you otherwise wait for a price drop of what this game really is worth. I hope many people will learn from this hype experience and hopefully the game will update put in the missing features so that it deserves the ridiculous praise it gets from fanatics.Hopefully mods and updates to this game can make it better. Maybe My Video review https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=js93gEHmpQc Video of the hype and tthe lies and what the game really is promises made and broken  from Crowbathttps://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=3&v=A8P2CZg3sJQ(P..S if you think this video is not real, you are lieing to yourself) Pros + The procedural Algorithim of the planets and creatures+The music+The weather effects+ Environments+ Mods on pc version to save gameI did not follow the game too much and these are my cons PLAYING the game. Afterwards I've seen the videos up top and realized how much material did not make it into the game at all. Wow Cons - Annoying button holding interface (Mod this out)- Repetitive mining and upgrading as the only gameplay element- Stale combat on ground and in space with really static AI- Very basic trade system and rep system that doesn't do much in galactic conflict- Lack of challenge to the game when you die. You can always repick up your body death location items and in space also. There will be pirates who are after your booty but they never actually take it... WTF?- Not a single planet is truly barren, they all have a building of some sort all 18 quantillan of them and so it loses the sense of being the first to explore the planet and loses its value in the sense of epic journey and exploration- Exploration ? What exploration? Every caves I have visited has a freakin dead end.- The procedural generated creatures are flawed, those majestic you see in the trailers might not be possible and this applies to planet also because once you see most of the biomes, the parts recycle itself way too much.- The ai is so lacking in this game it is incredible. Most of the creatures I've seen don't graze on grass or drink water or chase another species but they rather run around in circles. You can give them a treat and they will play with you but thats it- Your space ship is invincible, if you hit a space station head on you do not die, if you slam yourself into the planet you do not die, you can't drive your ship into the sun and die. Every damn ship feels exactly the same and  Only time you do die is when someone shoots you down.- out of 18 quantillian planets, you only encounter 3 sentient race in this entire damn game- No multiplayer of any kind and even if you upload creatures name it's just an online database. You cannot see each other in game at all even though this was something that was talked about during the entire process of this game with very vague mentions.- Tons of stuff missing that was talked about long ago.If you think I made all these up, Play the game for more than 40 hours and then tell me these aren't flaws to the game. I have seen 15 dollars games in early access with better gameplay.With all this factored in, this is not a triple A title but a rather overblown Indie title.Do you really want to see developers pulling  more stunt like this in the future?
Easelm	Not Recommended	20.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/easelm/	So here I am rewriting my review entirely. I didn't want to believe it at first, but I came to my senses afterwards. It is sad to say that everything said about this game was actually true. For someone who waited years for No Man's Sky to finally release, it is a huge disappointment & let-down. The developers falsely advertised the game, even using CGI screenshots on their store page. Hopefully other game developers will learn from these mistakes and I hope the new Steam policy will help.No Man's Sky has around 20 hours or less via gameplay - given you don't really stay in planets often or explore. Apparently reaching the center of the universe doesn't take long and it restarts the game after you have reached it. I'm not the one to be very salty, but the game wasn't thought through very well in terms of gameplay. Graphics are decent but could be a bit better. All planets are basically the same if you look at them - there might be a few different type of plants, AI, etc here and there, but ultimately nothing is super different.You spend most of your time grinding for a better ship and upgrades for yourself and your ship. That time spent grinding is basically the entirety of No Man's Sky. Combat is basic - that goes for space combat as well. You're better off selling valuable items you loot from plants on planets, basically being a trader first.There's quite a lot of micromanaging as well. If you're not recharging your life support or weapon, you're recharging all of your ship's needs. You spend most of your ingame time recharging everything. It wouldn't be so bad if plutonium wasn't so scarce on most planets. I found that plutonium is best found on moons.Survivability shouldn't exist since the resource you need to recharge your life support is everywhere. The only thing you have to worry about is your health whilst fighting with AI or storms.NPCs seem to be simple and a rinse & repeat on most stars you travel to. You have to discover new words of their language to understand what they are trying to tell you, most of the time you have to guess until you discover more words of that language.I wish I could find the enjoyment in NMS, but I can't. All the hype was for nothing. Hope you had a nice time reading this review! Below is an overall.OverallNo Man's Sky was nothing but a huge hype game and falsely advertised. Big disappointment but what can you do? Less than 20 hours of gameplay in it with major annoyances and rinse & repeat gameplay (grinding), no wonder this game became so negative. No Man's Sky isn't worth $59, it feels like a $9 game. If you want a better game that is worth its asking price, go play Star Citizen, Space Engineers & other similar/better titles out there.Rating: 2/10. I'm avoiding Hello Games in the future.
_UrielRbn_	Not Recommended	96.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/_UrielRbn_/	I've played this game for more than 50 hours and warped over 70 times.Many features that had been promised at E3, the demo version of the game andall the interviews of Sean Murray were ripped out of the game or never had been in the game, including Multiplayer, good combat system, variety in factions, rivers, starship customizationand discovery... (I can continue this list forever, considering the enormous hype that this game has). I can assure you that this game will contain those features (future DLCs, ehm, I mean, priced DLCs). The promise that the future DLCs would be free was also a lie.You can't fly close to the ground nor touch the water with your starship, the game crashes once in a while and you experience framerate drops frequently. The things above make me realize that the developers of this game haven't taken it seriously. I agree with people that say that you can enjoy this game, even with the missing features and bugs, but you can enjoy it only 5 hours before realizing that it's repetitive and boring.This game should cost no more than 20$. I won't recommend it to anyone.DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!!!
threetoast	Not Recommended	43.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198002966186/	Even the screenshots here on the store page are showing stuff that ISN'T IN THE GAME.
Cyclops	Not Recommended	99.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198021775735/	75 hours played. Never played a more boring game. No instructions or help on how to play, though there is plenty on the net. I never found the atlass pass, despite being on that path making it more difficult. there's no console commands available for the pc.  A cheat?  probably, but it affects nobody in the game apart from you. Verbal interraction with species is too slow.  Would I buy another game from "Hello" ?  No
Stakeholder	Not Recommended	8.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/stakeholderbr/	No Man's Lie.
M3LL155X ☮	Not Recommended	16.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/M3LL155X/	"IT'S JUST A PRANK BRO" -Sean Murray
kreator	Not Recommended	14.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kreatormoo/	Overall a huge disappointment. I've paid 60$ for a buggy, unfinished, unpolished, incredibly repetitive game that simply doesn't deliver. I wish I could get my money back.
nuclear	Not Recommended	40.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/nuclear/	I didn't actually find out about this game until earlier in 2016 so I missed most of the hype train.  I watched a few interviews/demos about it and thought it'd be worth the purchase.To say it plainly: I was wrong.  This game is NOT worth the $60 asking price.  Save yourself some time and go buy Elite: Dangerous and Rebel Galaxy.After seeing the first 6 planets/systems in the game you've already experienced everything this game has to offer.  It quickly becomes repetitive and the interface is one of the slowest and clunkiest I've ever seen.  Why is it necessary to open the inventory and recharge the ship shields in the middle of a fight!?  Having the screen letterbox every time the game wants our attention on something is annoying and immersion breaking.  What was explained in interviews and demos was nowhere near the product we actually received.  I won't even get started on the horrible performance even on hardware released this year.
timetogetrektm8	Recommended	24.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198187649765/	From a dead piece of garbage to an actually wonderfully fun game. Im glad that the devs stayed with it because it really is a blast now. 9/10 would recommend.
Pinkamena	Recommended	295.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Lanphrost/	No Man's Sky started as a very hyped up game that, at launch, did not deliver. I and many others were sorely disappointed by the release of the game, and I can see why many of the reviews are still very negative. But here's why I disagree with the negative reviews.What I see here isn't a trainwreck. It's not a dead-in-the-water game. Yes, it costs 60$, but that value is returned many times over. I see a development team hard at work making improvements to what was a poorly implemented start. Playing through the game now, again, I see so many improvements that were asked for by the community, implemented so that the game is constantly being made better. If you want a game that's perfect from the get-go, then No Man's Sky wasn't for you before. If you want a game that has been remade from a failed beginning, reforged into something fun to explore and discover, then I suggest you come back and take a second look.The devs of No Man's Sky have been listening. They have been toiling away. I'm sure they made enough money in the beginning to have closed the game down and possibly even retired, but instead they stand by their game. If this game were run by another company, we wouldn't see fixes and improvements like we are, we'd see DLC and cash grabs. Yes, the game is still expensive, but it funds the fact that the developers have not left us, and instead to this very day are working on making this game worth that initial cost. To me, it was worth every penny.
Sam Hawkins	Recommended	79.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198012190657/	Could this be the greatest gaming comeback of this decade?
dude	Not Recommended	116.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Netskky/	nope. this game is far from finished. bugs and very repetitive. I give it a meh out of 10.
PaperMannnnnnnnn	Not Recommended	28.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/DyingCro3/	GTX1070, I7 4790, 32GB Ram20~40 fps on low graphic setting.???????????
murderbits	Not Recommended	8.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/murderbits/	Put aside all of the hype and misleading statements from the developers and marketers behind No Man's Sky over the last three years and just focus on the actual game, for a moment.What No Man's Sky Has Going For ItThe math. As an exercise in procedural world generation, it is fantastic. A universe of 18,000,000,000,000,000,000 planets, all procedurally generated by a bunch of math that all fits in a two gigabyte download is rather fantastic.What Drag's No Man's Sky DownThe user interface is terrible. Every time you change a setting or option, you have to restart the program. Every time you want to select a menu item, you have to hold a button and wait for a progress bar to fill up. That's right, want to click "confirm"? Simply clicking it isn't enough. Click and hold for a couple seconds, instead. It's clearly an interface designed for the console and a controller that was poorly ported.After you have visited three planets and a space station, you have essentially seen everything the game has to offer. They are all minor iterations on each other. There are only a few types of things to find on each planet, you'll start to see the same plants and animals (but a different color, perhaps) on every planet. Every planet will have generally the same resources (at least minimal necessities).The only gameplay element is really inventory management, which is poor. You can't even see what things you can craft unless you have a free spot to craft it in and you can't rearrange your inventory unless you have at least one free spot to use as a "middle man" as you move things about.The first couple of planets are exciting. Such variety! It's amazing! But by the third, you realize the trick.And then you start to realize even more of the flaws.Every planet has the same gravity.Every planet has plant and animal life on it.Every planet has minerals on it.Every planet has some  monoliths and stations on it where you collect essentially the same things.It isn't even that pretty. It's kind of grimy looking. And even on a powerful system, you get this obnoxious sort of grainy "pop-in" as you travel over a planet.And, ultimately, you shoot for the center of the galaxy . . . which is the end-game. And . . . well, if you really want to find out, just search youtube for the end. It's not worth it.This game is a brilliant concept and if this were Early Access, it would be worth a lot of hype. Unfortunately, it's a full triple-AAA priced published title. And . . . it's just lacking. Lacking in everything.The curiosity of this game would be worth $20 USD on sale at some point. As it stands now, it is difficult to recommend this game to anyone at full price. I may return to this game, someday, but only if they release a ton of additional content to it over the coming months.I like Sean Murray. He seems sincere. I'm sure that he had the best of intentions with this title and there are no doubt stories to be told of how influences from partners drove them to the state the game is in right now . . . but when it comes down to it, this is an issue of "is what I'm getting worth sixty bucks?".  At the moment, not really.
The Mighty Narwhal	Not Recommended	55.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197970617636/	I wanted to like this game. I really did.I’m willing to ignore the controversy two years ago at release, where the developers (mainly Sean Murray) drastically overpromised and underdelivered in one of the most notoriously botched releases in gaming history. I’m willing to believe that Hello Games marketing department suffered more from incompetence than malice. I didn’t get burned by that (I didn’t buy the game two years ago) so its easier for me to let bygones go bye. Fast forward to the NEXT update, which according to numerous online reviews, is now the complete game with all of the features promised in the original release. Pretty much everything that Sean Murray promised in his original media tour has been delivered with this new update. So I have to give them kudos for not taking the money and running. Unfortunately, even now that its completed, the game is still enormously unpolished, grindy, and the core mechanics feel more like work than fun.Be prepared to mine. A lot. And mining is SOOOO boring. Mining resources is basically hoping from one rock to the next and then holding down your mouse button. That’s it. That is all you do. You will be spending 60% of this game holding down a mouse button and watching a progress slider. The mind-numbing and utter grind that is mining is required for EVERYTHING and you really can’t get around it. The other 40% of the game consists of base building, doing missions, dog fighting, exploring the planets for one of the 5 points of interest there is to find, and trading. Oh….and you can also mine in space, which is equally as boring.Base building is a bit strange, given that this is a game that is set around exploration. The base building mechanics are basic enough and easy to get the hang of, but cost a lot of resources, which you get from mining. Be prepared to spend about 3 times as much time gathering resources as you do actually constructing your base. And once you finally have your base the way you like it, after hours of committed time, be prepared to have your base disappear in the blink of an eye because of a cosmic reset or a bug (there are LOTS of bugs).There is a mechanic that lets you own a freighter and build a fleet of frigates. You can then send your frigates out on expeditions. This sounds like it should be fun, but Hello Games has worked very hard to make sure this system is not without is share of tedium. Sending out expeditions basically involves pressing a button and then waiting several hours. That's it. And before you can do this you have to mine (yay! More mining) for fuel. There really isn’t much more to it than this.Dog fighting is reasonably fun, but it is also fleeting and extremely basic. It is almost impossible for a mouse and keyboard, so get yourself a controller. You can trade. This, as you might expect, involves buying resources at one system and selling them at another. There are limited options and trade resources, so this can get tedious VERY quickly. You also can’t escape the mine-and-grind with this option either, since you will need to mine for fuel.I won’t comment on multiplayer, because it doesn’t appear to be finished yet. At least I hope its not finished yet. The only experience I’ve had are other random players joining my game, blowing up my ship, destroying my base costing me hours of time, and then logging immediately back out. Fun stuff, if you’re a griefer.With the NEXT update, the game now includes all the promised features, but the fun-to-work ratio is still WAY off. You will spend about 3 hours grinding for every 1 hour of fun you have. I'm guessing most people will be about 10-15 hours into the game before they figure this out on their own. If you are the type of person who enjoys mindless grinding, then you may enjoy this. I mean it when I say “mindless grinding”. This is one of the most boring grinding mechanics I have seen of any game ever, and you will be doing a lot of it.If you are insisting on buying this game, then get it on sale. It isn’t even remotely close to being worth the full asking price. Don't get me wrong. There is a fun game locked somewhere under all of the tedium. Hello Games still has a lot of work to do if they want to get the balance right. Until that time, I can't give my reccomendation.
Yiyyi	Not Recommended	25.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/YIYYI/	I honestly did not follow this game very closely through it's development cycle, though I had heard things and knew how much people were looking forward to the game.I initially bought the game seeing that one of my good buddies was playing. I wanted a game that we could play - but I wasn't super attached to the idea of multiplayer. The idea of a game we could play separately but still talk about our different paths, planets, etc. was also appealing to me.It was fun for the first... maybe 6 hours or so. I upgraded my ship, my multi-tool, and learned an alien language. After that, I just didn't feel any reason to keep on doing anything in the game. Nothing actually seemed that it lead anywhere and there was no real sense of progression outside of getting a bigger inventory so that I could farm more to get a bigger inventory.I came in with mildly high hopes, and left feeling very very disappointed.EDIT: After 2 years and lots of patches (Which I give them props for sticking with), this game is now closer to a level that it should have released at. I still don't find it very fun. I think the hopefully-not-temporary $30 price tag is much more fair, and might be worth a shot at that price if you like Space-sims - but it's still not a game I like very much.
dirtnasty_BDG	Not Recommended	45.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/naterough/	Well, I gave the game an honest go, and there for a few hours it was interesting, and maybe a bit enthralling, but then it quickly faded into a grind that I had hoped to avoid. Not to say that the game is bad, I do see a ton of potential in this platform for a super-expansive world to play in, but this game and grind felt flat after a while.Here was my experience:It took me a while to get the first 3-4 atlas stones, but after that I was power warping from getting my 4th all the way through my 10th... Fine whatever the grind was getting old as it was. Ok, what now? I am going to head to the center of the galaxy. Cool! Blackhole! I am 179,000 lightyears away, let us do this... Game: You've traveled 54,000 light years! I look at the distance left and I am 177,000 lightyears away from the center still... Ugghh, ok, I find another blackhole along the path.... Booom 100,000 + lightyears traveled... You guessed it... only a few thousand closer. I think I made it to about 173,000k after 3 or 4 black hole visits. Not to mention something breaks" when you go through the holes, forcing you to land and gring and grind and grind until you get bored of that planet, head out, get attacked by space pirates, kill all of them, fix your warp drive upgrade just to do it all over again, and again, and again and again............. 
Plekz	Recommended	37.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/P_L_E_K_Z/	 For anyone who still dont like No Man's Sky, and happend to stumble upon this review. Please be open minded about NMS and try to ignore the bad launch it had. I hope you might consider buying it after reading this review.  I know i dont have that many hours in-game, but i feel like i have played it enough to write this review.  Review: Yes the game was a huge flop, at release. I can't say anything to that.Yes it was missing nearly every feature promised by Sean Murray.The planets was really repetitive, and so was the creatures.There were going to be huge space battles, were you could join either side. But none were to see.And really the most disappointing one: Multiplayer. We all had the dream of flying around with our friends, exploring strange new planets and solar systems. This of course did not happend either.Many more things could be mentioned, but then this review will probably end up too long.But now just a little more than a year after release date, Hello Games have really made this game into what they promised.. Well nearly. Positives  - We now have tons of variations from planet to planet. Many different creatures, some surprisingly scary.  - Graphics has been improved greatly. If the game weren't stunning you at release, im sure it will now.   - We can build bases, and set up various sectors for different opperations.     - Vehicles can be crafted, and are very useful for gathering resources or visiting outpost and so on.     - Owning a freighter is an option. And there are also crashed freighters scattered around planets, that can be looted.      - Multiplayer arrived in August this year  (2017) . In this case the word  Multiplayer means that up to 16 players can explore the universe together. So not really the fully scaled multiplayer, we all were hoping for at release.        - Terraforming was also added to the game in August, this tool can be used to carve into the landscape of the planet of you're choice. Negatives  - The game can still be a little repitive, especially at start.  - We cant land on asteroids yet, but why would you anyways.   - There are no ringed planets yet, although this can easily be fixed with a mod  Ringed Planets Mod [www.nexusmods.com]    - Some major glitches are in the game, it has occured that ive multiple times gotten stuck underneath the planets surface. This can be pretty demotivating since i had to kill my self to get free I hope that you see that NMS has become a much more detailed and fun game, than it was at launch. And i hope you might consider buying it after reading this review.I would recommend this game to anyone who like exploring alien worlds. For anyone who might enjoy action, the space  fights can get very intense.My rating is 8/10.
FFFRRROOOOTTTTT	Not Recommended	9.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/FFFRRROOOOTTTTT/	How the hell is this a platinum game?
Great_Scottsman	Recommended	93.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197994003054/	This game should win an award for biggest game comeback ever.
Slendy	Not Recommended	16.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/HelloImSlendy/	I actually hate Sean Murray
TopJimy69	Not Recommended	13.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197984825686/	I want my money back.
Peralta.Exe	Not Recommended	30.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198078578403/	Pre-Orders are bad, M'kay.>Be me and love exploration games>Hear about No Man's Sky in May>Watch all the their Videos> become Brainwashed by media >Start thinking the game is Great (a game to end all games)>Go to their subreddit>Follow the flock of sheeps>I feel at home>Ride the Hype train harder than anyone else>Worship  Sean as a revolutionary>Become a prophet for "the greatest game of all time">Here comes the thing I regret the most>I Pre-Order the GAME T_T>I preach about the game at work, home, school, etc..>My friend loves the game (from what he has heard) but has no cash>I tell him Joon, very, very Joon> The game gets delayed>Sean says it's to make it better>I preach about how "the greatest game of all time" will be greater> Only  one week till the game gets released> Friend is still broke and wanting said game>I Pre-Order the game and have it scheduled to be released three hours after release for him>Solvingproblems.gif>Sadly, I work that day... the day of "RECKONING" So does he>He reads off of the reddit post to me. He tells me the game is crashing and has bad FPS issues>Only two hours left till he gets the game by steam mail>He reads the list of bugs, errors, crashes, and missing content>He says he is glad he did not pre-order>Only thirty minutes left till delivery. ♥♥♥♥♥ getting awkward>I try to dip out of work early but no dice>Boss says he needs me>I head for the restroom... to wash off what will become my life>Friend gets game delivered (or released) on steam for him>I come back from the bathroom>Friend tells everyone at work of said gift to him>Friends says "thanks, i guess">I tell him not to mind the post. They have bad comps>Continue lying at my♥♥♥♥♥for a minute or two more>He goes about his business>I get off work. Speedily get home> We're both playing the game>Game looks nothing like what the media promoted>continue to play the game even after all the missing content>One month later after the day of "RECKONING">COnstantly being reminded that "the greatest game of all time" isn't even good let alone great by everyone I preached to>Hear ppl complain about spending $60 >Feelsbadman.wav>I hide the game on steam that reminded of how I shredded money away>News media keeps bringing up said game>MFW I cringe hard>♥♥♥♥ my life.gifLesson learned:Being kind doesn't pay
whizbang67	Not Recommended	57.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198006316153/	90% of what was shown in trailers did not make it into the final game. Don't buy it.
Quiltedfaun1	Not Recommended	45.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198033877625/	My Advice would be to buy a cup with a ball instead of this game, it would deliver more hours of entertainment than this game has.Biggest let down ever.
Lorek Selerio	Not Recommended	57.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/LokiCiVinaire/	This is the best damn game I have EVER played, it was exactly as advertised and I have no complaints. In fact they could stop working on any future updates and I'd still be pleased with the seemingly endless hours of gameplay.On a completely unrelated note I have to see my therapist for compulsive lying.
Bread	Not Recommended	28.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Dumbou/	There's been a great disturbance within the Sci-fi genre, that's no moon... I don't like this Sean.
klapstoelpiloot	Not Recommended	17.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/klapstoelpiloot/	Fun for 10-15 hours. After that you realize it is all the same and boring. Aside from graphical details on creatures and, on some planets, the absence of flora/fauna, all the planets are essentially the same. The internet is littered with reviews and comments about things the developers promised, but aren't in the game at all. And it is all true. Spend your 60 euro/dollars to see for your self. I think this game is worth only 20 euro/dollar tops!
nouffnouff	Not Recommended	73.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/nouffnouff/	It is not a story about hate or lies or whatsoever, I mean it's not Games of Thrones drama style. It is dead simple. It is dead : There is no intelligent life form present in the whole universe. Animals ? Yeah sure, but interaction are almost non-existent. No pet systemEnemies ? kindda, but the IA has been developped in such a simplistic way that the thrill is absent.NPC ? Oh, well NPC have sooo little impact on your journey. They don't move at all. NPCs have the same interaction possibilities as a trading terminal, except the terminal allow you to actually trade something. You cannot make them attack you or follow you or ask you to actually do something for them.Graphics are better in the trailers ? maybe I don't care. The landscape is rapidly always the same. the algorithm of procedural generation lack of originality. Differences are tiny between planets after visiting a few of them. I'm not even mentionning the spaceships:the one you have is merely a simple addition of inventory from your suit. The encountered ones are basically always the same around the same planet, it's even worse in space stations you can see 4 or 5 spaceships identicals, not similar, identical in a row... 
arbco	Not Recommended	39.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198005993072/	This game has no depth, it feels repetive after a day, and it has nothing to keep you playing once you realize the center of the universe is just a reset of gameplay , a pointless loop.  not worth 60 dollars or worth your time..
123	Not Recommended	5.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/4156651556/	Big disappointment!
BassLichtjahr	Not Recommended	6.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/BassLastig/	[UPDATED]I'm sorry but charging the full AAA game price for what No Man's Sky offers gameplay wise (Variety, Handling of the SpaceShip, Grinding, ProgressMechanics)..  and also how it perfoms visually on even SciFi Hardware PCs is kinda like an insult to me..To be fair, if you're not moving and just watching the flora and fauna on some planets, it's damn beautiful and relaxing, but if you're runnning on the surface of a planet or I'll be damned, flying over it, objects are popping up faster than advertisement-banners on porn sites!And yes in the last couple of months fequent smaller fixes  and also bigger Updates (Foundation & Pathfinder as of now) were made by the devs. And those will hopefully keep on coming, which is good.. ..but on the other hand, those updates are a necessasity if you're developing a Videogame and this Video game is in its AlphaStatus! And No Mans Sky still isn't beyond that in my understanding. Yes I like the additional content, Hello Games added since release, but there is still a long long way to go to get this Game to its GoldStatus, which strangely was announced half a year ago... Ups..Compared to similarr (EarlyAcces) Titles like "SpaceEngineers" and "The Astroneer" for example, I've to say that those simply offer a lot more content for a lot less money.. A fair and transparent marketing campaign included.And if you want to play a well crafted SpaceSim with a vast Universe and PlanetaryLanding, please take a closer look at Elite Dangerous! :)No Mans Sky still has a long way to go, to reach the center of the universe..
Shirtless Putin On a Horse	Not Recommended	35.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198080786199/	Before buying this game, I suggest you watch the myriad of videos detailing the lies and shortfall of this overpriced game. Hello Games is a disingenuous developer, and should be put on every gamer's black list. The gameplay is repetitive, there are technical issues, there isn't a story, the planets start looking like the same generic procedural generated soulless environments. I wanted to like this game, and figured it would be a therapeutic walking simulation, but even then the game failed at that. I did more staring at my mining beam at a rock, than I was walking around planets because the game needs me to recharge all my stuff to stay alive and walk around. WHAT?!
Hawt Dawg Man	Not Recommended	44.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198138214552/	Hey, see those pictures and videos?Yeah? Pretty isn't it.. But what if I tell you..IT'S A SCAM!None of those are a real representation of the final product.Pretty bad huh? Where's your 6O€ now?! Gone.Oh, and if you're in just for the exploaration, don't expect anything unique. It's all the same... you can't even kill yourself and end the suffering.PS: I want my money back STEAM!
arcaneas	Not Recommended	35.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/arcaneas/	You all know by now that the game is garbage. Not worth $60. Barely worth $10. We were scammed.
i'm less upset	Not Recommended	8.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/basedpig/	Bad Rats has considerably more gameplay mechanics, all kidding aside.
Stuped349	Not Recommended	36.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Stuped349/	Save yourself.
ScaryGary	Not Recommended	17.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198126214953/	Not worth th price.
Stvn Stivs	Not Recommended	24.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/stvnstivs/	Do not buy, this game is an empty box with no sand and no tools to play with.
Don	Not Recommended	5.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/donke0394/	Game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ do not buy
Jutnik	Not Recommended	9.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198062096510/	I got drawn in by the hype, and I have regretted it since then.In my opinion it could have been something greater, but no. If you value your money, do not buy it.
petlog313	Not Recommended	6.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198133173739/	"a mile wide and an inch deep"
Immunix	Not Recommended	75.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197995122522/	76 hours in the game, having followed the Atlas story line : what a frigging joke and waste of time. It seems reaching the center of the galaxi is even worse. I stopped resisting and read a rather unveiling review. Seriously?! I am not going to tolerate this in all honesty cruel game engine, savegame mechanics and other eyebrow raising issues considering what this is supposed to head towards and the ammount (lack) of effort invested in this joke of a story-line. One of the most mixed experiences in game land since a considerable time. The price is absolutely not justified. Not recommened. After 76 hours of exploring, mining, upgrading, etc. there needs to be at least a bit more of a reason to keep me going another 100+ hours before I reach the center to then just be ... !!??
sildargod	Not Recommended	44.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/sildargod/	Game is a great idea but the execution is very poor. It's also almost unplayable with regular, consistant hanging and issues with badly handled pop-ups (characters not appearing, resources unviewable) and poor design choices. I went in positive and tried to wait out the glaring problems, but cannot justify it any further. It's not delivered on any of the promises made by the developers.
andileopard	Not Recommended	11.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/andileopard/	You see those cool things happening in the trailers and the lovely screenshots with lush planets and a ton of wildlife? Not gonna happen... at least not for 99% of the time your playing. When you do find one of those planets you'll get bored pretty quick because you'll find out that it's just "pretties" without real gameplay behind it.
d u c c	Not Recommended	3.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/FightingNinja/	cons-it's♥♥♥♥♥♥br>pros-steam refund button works well
Burn-Eden	Not Recommended	84.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198001239635/	After trying my hardest to get into this game I have found that while the universe is infinite the diversity is minimal.  Challenges all center around very basic missions that have very little, if any depth at all.   THis game is defnintely not worth $60.  Perhaps $20, but no more than that.   There was a lot of initial hype for this game, failed promise and outright lies regarding content.   If I had known the actual content and features of the game I would never have bought it.  THe fact that so many have stopped playing the game is a direct reflection of the quality of this failed title.    
daddymanmeister	Not Recommended	20.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198023268697/	Umm... Its definatelu NOT worth the 59 or 49 dollars. Its actually worth more like 19.99$ . Why? its repeterive, its freking making you do the same things you again, you are actuelly not going anywhere until you take a few jumps and so on and so on. I think this game was definately not as good as i thought it would be and not something i would recommend to anyone. If you like mindless flying around, without a destination this might be great, but HEY! The planets start to look alike! Then the other problem hits in, the planets are alike! There is literally nothing to be excited about! Its ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t! sorry but i have not left many reviews and this is the first one i really need to. This game is not♥♥♥♥♥♥ but its a small game, made by talented people who are cashing in on♥♥♥♥♥♥ I will never buy anything from these guys again.
zzphus	Not Recommended	32.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198116129069/	Beautiful planets but the game feels like early access and incomplete
XXXDankHillXXX	Not Recommended	7.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/emilmads5/	This game is build on lies... i feel violated because i played more than 2 hours hoping that the game would get better. unfortunatly it didnt and now i am stuck with a 60 euro game that should have costed no more than 20 euro... GG Hello games. and sean murry a big middlefinger to you :-)))) sincerly yours "average player"
Lychondy | The1st	Not Recommended	64.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/lychondy/	Not worth $60.  Do yourself a favor and buy it when it's $5 during the holiday sales.  That's really all it is worth.  If they decide to charge for DLC for those to paid at full price, it might be worth it to start a bigger campaign.
roflmao	Not Recommended	56.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198098787368/	An indie title dressed up as AAA game.The fact that the game is still advertised with a misleading, preproduced trailer from E3 2014 is slightly infuriating. Be advised that the actual game looks and plays not even remotely as depicted in the trailer.If you can pick it up on sale for a fraction of its retail price, the game is enjoyable for about 4-5 days until you maxed out your 3 inventory screens. The end. 
steranko75	Not Recommended	48.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198060080875/	I really hate to dogpile on here, but this game has got to be the biggest let down of my recent game playing experience.  Yes, it is huge and does mostly what is advertised.  The problem is that it becomes pretty repetitive and frustratingly awkward at times.  I now know before I land at a site what I will likely encounter - no surprises any more.  The sameness of the experiences is a major let down.  Waiting for the slow panning of the camera and slow text boxes to appear to slowly tell me what I have already figured out using context clues becomes maddening.  This game really is a mining simulator.  The only driving force in the game is to mine resources to fuel your equipment to allow you to...mine resources.  Learning the language doesn't seem to matter, as each encounter is very similar and you can figure out what needs done without any language.  Different ships do not behave differently, only look different and hold more/less than what your other ship did.  At least if I could use my resources to make some paint and fix the ugly color scheme of my ship, that would be something to look forward to.  This feels too much like reporting for work, and not enough fun or true sense of adventure.  For example, every planet is already named and has outposts on it - why bother making it seem like I'm a star bound explorer finding things first?  They obviously have already been found and settled at some point.  While my planets have been very different (on the suface) from each other, spending a bit of time on them reveals the truth - they are all basically the same experience, just colored differently and making you mine different resources to stay alive so you can keep mining resources.  At least if the gravity were different, it would make it kind of fun.  If some big, new, free gameplay enhancements don't arrive for this game, stay away.  I truly wanted to love it, but am now bored and frustrated that I spent so much money on the preorderEdit - I continue to play this game for some reason - perhaps that is the underlying secret of NMS?  I was just sure if I explored a little more I would find someting amazing or wonderous, but haven't yet.  I have walked all over this damn planet looking for the last missing species to identify and cannot locate it, and I need antimatter because I traded my ship for a busted ship for something fun to do, and now I can't warp to a new system.  Sigh.
Easy Edo	Not Recommended	44.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/easyedo/	I can't recommend this game in it's current state. It's like playing around in an infinite sandbox but you can't interact or do anything with that sandbox except look at it and move on.I really gave this game a chance and I wanted it to be good. I learned a lesson I should have learned a long time ago, don't pre order games.
Panda genitals	Not Recommended	49.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198118761956/	Not the worst game ever. Just not the game that was advertised.So bad they ran out of refunds.
Spreddy Tinkles	Not Recommended	31.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198200835886/	Overhyped, Overpromised, Overpriced and extremely under delivered. I really wanted to like this game the potential was huge.
geoffreywolter	Not Recommended	71.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/geoffreywolter/	What a huge (2^64) dissapointment! This game should have been released for $15 on Early Access and maybe it would have felt like a decent value propostition. As it stands Hello Games has tarnished their reputation by going silent in the face of overwhelming criticism from the public regarding the lack of many features which were shown in promotional footage or even spoken about by the "great" Sean Murray himself during his exhaustive press tours leading up to the release. I would like to believe that Hello Games, and Sean Murray will make good on thier original promises by way of extensive patching, however based on thier complete lack of community interaction post launch I simply cannot imagine this happening. Save yourself the money and give this one a pass...
Lorek Selerio	Not Recommended	57.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/LokiCiVinaire/	This is the best damn game I have EVER played, it was exactly as advertised and I have no complaints. In fact they could stop working on any future updates and I'd still be pleased with the seemingly endless hours of gameplay.On a completely unrelated note I have to see my therapist for compulsive lying.
Bread	Not Recommended	28.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Dumbou/	There's been a great disturbance within the Sci-fi genre, that's no moon... I don't like this Sean.
Dark Lord Chin Chin	Not Recommended	42.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198077369709/	Just make this game open source and let the community take over.
james1001	Not Recommended	9.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jumbo1001/	Not What It was advertised to be.
RiP_CoRd	Not Recommended	30.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/getanyonya/	Got obsolutely ripped offespecially paying $85 AUD to play this gamethey wont refund now either. even though i have tried to get into this game with about 26hrs play timeit is very repetitive and gets boring fast.This game should have special exemptions for a refund.Dont live up to the hype of this game. Dont believe the trailer as its all a lie, dont buy this gameall other negative comments are true 
Jandom	Not Recommended	25.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Jandom/	Lacked everything it needed to be a decent game. Do not buy this game at least untill they add something thats worth it for you3/10 (in current state)
kmika99	Not Recommended	107.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197970901577/	I tried so hard to like it.  I really did..Boring...no personality.. no challenge...  its a ripoff...
Dr Mobius	Not Recommended	29.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197993679988/	I deeply regret pre-purchasing this game...WORST RIP OFF AN 'UNDER IMAGINED PIECE OF POTENTIALLY DIAMOND IN THE ROUGH THAT TURNED OUT TO BE COAL", EVER!!!
Stvn Stivs	Not Recommended	24.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/stvnstivs/	Do not buy, this game is an empty box with no sand and no tools to play with.
Don	Not Recommended	5.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/donke0394/	Game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ do not buy
Dark Lord Chin Chin	Not Recommended	42.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198077369709/	Just make this game open source and let the community take over.
james1001	Not Recommended	9.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jumbo1001/	Not What It was advertised to be.
RiP_CoRd	Not Recommended	30.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/getanyonya/	Got obsolutely ripped offespecially paying $85 AUD to play this gamethey wont refund now either. even though i have tried to get into this game with about 26hrs play timeit is very repetitive and gets boring fast.This game should have special exemptions for a refund.Dont live up to the hype of this game. Dont believe the trailer as its all a lie, dont buy this gameall other negative comments are true 
Jandom	Not Recommended	25.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Jandom/	Lacked everything it needed to be a decent game. Do not buy this game at least untill they add something thats worth it for you3/10 (in current state)
kmika99	Not Recommended	107.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197970901577/	I tried so hard to like it.  I really did..Boring...no personality.. no challenge...  its a ripoff...
Dr Mobius	Not Recommended	29.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197993679988/	I deeply regret pre-purchasing this game...WORST RIP OFF AN 'UNDER IMAGINED PIECE OF POTENTIALLY DIAMOND IN THE ROUGH THAT TURNED OUT TO BE COAL", EVER!!!
Avallex	Not Recommended	13.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/avallex/	Absolutely dissapointing, as I pre-ordered the game and have 12 (mindless) hours on the damn thing I cannot get a refund, If you're planning on buying it watch some videos first. I really am annoyed with the fact of false advertisement - oh there is this and oh there is that. I played the game for most of the day when it came out, I enjoyed it but by the end of the day I felt I had done everything, nothing enticed me to complete the sh**y storyline. Honestly would not recommend the game unless you want to experience boredom and a few procedurally generated plantes which compared to the rest of the game are quite good apart from the ridiculous creatures x'D -- 2/10
Usopp	Not Recommended	36.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198004334074/	Advertised as a triple A $60 game while it's obviously a $20-30 game that even then, is barely mediocre in it's supposed price range.I had fun for the 1st 2 hours, and was wondering and annoyed for the other 7.This is a sad thing, i bet the investors have pushed the devs for the premium price.
ltpnoob	Not Recommended	6.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ltpnoob/	I have been watching this game for over a year, even if all they had was going planet to planet visiting and exploring I would have been happy. I built the hyperdrive and all it does it get me stuck in a loop... so I have to force close and relaunch...where I am saved right before I hop into hyperdrive..getting stuck in a loop... 5 hours on record.... 4 hours are me starting at my ship flying through hyperspace... another alpha game sold at 60.
Jencansee	Not Recommended	7.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jencansee/	So much hype around No Man's Sky and.... nothing! I can't even call this application as a game, it's just a lie about how can be this game. btw game hasn't had optimisation.Thanks, Hello Games for my broken hopewaste of money, engine alpha test/10
wietepiet	Not Recommended	40.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/wietepiet/	I was really looking forward to this game. And it delivered mostly in the first hours of the game. I loved the graphics, had no trouble with start-up or anything of the like, and just felt like it would be fun to play for hours on end.However.... I was salty about the multiplayer not being there. I read about there being ''classes'' with different types of ships and different kind of roles you could fulfill (trader, explorer, etc.) but that's not in the game.You can choose sides with the factions? Gone, can't tell ships apart and there is no customization or way to differentiate between different ship styles and function. Simply because there is none... The only thing that changes is the visual aspect and the amount of slots in the ship....I could go on and on about letdowns that this game has produced. But I did thoroughly enjoy it at first. But for 60 bucks? Not a chance, it feels rushed and not finished, broken even to some. 18 trillion planets, but you'll get tired of repetitious foliage and fauna in a few solar systems time, only the horns are different for example.I'd give it a 6/10 because the game itself was fun for a while. But I'll give it a 5/10 because the price and promises are a total letdown to a game that has a good foundation, they should have worked on this a few more years.
TyzzzzZZZZZ	Not Recommended	82.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198041578299/	I've many many many game on and off of steam and I believe this is the first negative review i've ever taken the time to write. I was so hyped for this game for such a long time and I was so let down after about 8 hours of play. There was so many things I was looking forward to that were in the trailers and previews of the game that were not in the final version.After a you spend about 8 hours in game on a planet you've literally seen EVRERYTHING this game has to offer. It feels more like a tech demo than a real game.An amazeing, fantastic game could have been made. But everthing just falls short.
ScoTDevil	Not Recommended	24.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198029664760/	This game has too much procedurally generated things among the procedurally generated lies from the dev.
Panda genitals	Not Recommended	49.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198118761956/	Not the worst game ever. Just not the game that was advertised.So bad they ran out of refunds.
Hairballs	Not Recommended	33.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198023185591/	I tried really hard to like this game after spending money on it, but all I got from it was regret. I wish I'd gotten a refund instead.
Raymageddon	Not Recommended	2.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198064078318/	Review now updated, but I still include my initial thoughts:This is the part of the review from release of No Man's Sky:This is my first review ever and I Will keep it short and simple.I don't want to go into detail whether the game-idea/ mechanics are good or bad, I guess that's a question of ones own taste.However what I can review objectively, is that the trailers, screenshots and interviews advertise a different game than which you can download right now.The animal-a.i. is a joke, the graphics are really bad and vertical sync doesn't work...Thank you steam for refunding this buy, maybe I'll check back in half a year or so, if the quality of the product get's extremely betterAnd now I would like to update my impressions with the new "Next"-UpdateFirst, I would like to acknowledge that a lot of hard work has been poured into the game. I've kept myself updated on the current state of the game via various youtubers, and with the release of "Next", I thought I would give it another try, since a lot of the reviews stated that it finally delivers on the promises made two years ago.But it is still bugged as f**k. I tried to start a fresh game, it crashed during the "loading shaders"-screen.... I tried another time and it crashed after 15 minutes... Seriously, after years of development and another two years of patching, I can't defend, or recommend this game to anyone... it is a fine example of what is going wrong in the gaming industry in 2018... half finished products, bugged to a state I could only define as unplayable as someone who likes to sink more than 15 minutes at a time into a game...I stated in my last review that I would check NMS out, if the quality gets extremely better... I did that now, after two years... Although, as stated in the beginning, I can see that a lot of hard work was done here, the product is still unfinished and bugged... This time, I won't come back, I am done with this game, and hello games as a developer. This is a waste of your time and money
Spreddy Tinkles	Not Recommended	31.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198200835886/	Overhyped, Overpromised, Overpriced and extremely under delivered. I really wanted to like this game the potential was huge.
geoffreywolter	Not Recommended	71.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/geoffreywolter/	What a huge (2^64) dissapointment! This game should have been released for $15 on Early Access and maybe it would have felt like a decent value propostition. As it stands Hello Games has tarnished their reputation by going silent in the face of overwhelming criticism from the public regarding the lack of many features which were shown in promotional footage or even spoken about by the "great" Sean Murray himself during his exhaustive press tours leading up to the release. I would like to believe that Hello Games, and Sean Murray will make good on thier original promises by way of extensive patching, however based on thier complete lack of community interaction post launch I simply cannot imagine this happening. Save yourself the money and give this one a pass...
Sibanamush	Not Recommended	33.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/sibanamush/	This isn't even a game. you can very easily skip the tutorial without even realising that you were being offered a tutorial.There doesnt seem to be any story , or objective to the game. It consists entirely of picking a random icon on the horizon, and flying / walking towards it , hopign that your inventory doesnt fill up of random elements that you have no idea if you'll need or not. The entire drive to keep going seems to be trying to get additional inventory slots so that your inventory doesn't fill up so quickly so you can continue to get more inventory slots.
V	Not Recommended	16.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198060151913/	10 systems so far, not a single interesting creatures (Like big dinosaurs they advertised)Falsely Advertised Constantly FPS drops.Hope i get refund 
Jandom	Not Recommended	25.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Jandom/	Lacked everything it needed to be a decent game. Do not buy this game at least untill they add something thats worth it for you3/10 (in current state)
kmika99	Not Recommended	107.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197970901577/	I tried so hard to like it.  I really did..Boring...no personality.. no challenge...  its a ripoff...
Dr Mobius	Not Recommended	29.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197993679988/	I deeply regret pre-purchasing this game...WORST RIP OFF AN 'UNDER IMAGINED PIECE OF POTENTIALLY DIAMOND IN THE ROUGH THAT TURNED OUT TO BE COAL", EVER!!!
Avallex	Not Recommended	13.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/avallex/	Absolutely dissapointing, as I pre-ordered the game and have 12 (mindless) hours on the damn thing I cannot get a refund, If you're planning on buying it watch some videos first. I really am annoyed with the fact of false advertisement - oh there is this and oh there is that. I played the game for most of the day when it came out, I enjoyed it but by the end of the day I felt I had done everything, nothing enticed me to complete the sh**y storyline. Honestly would not recommend the game unless you want to experience boredom and a few procedurally generated plantes which compared to the rest of the game are quite good apart from the ridiculous creatures x'D -- 2/10
i'm less upset	Not Recommended	8.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/basedpig/	Bad Rats has considerably more gameplay mechanics, all kidding aside.
Stuped349	Not Recommended	36.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Stuped349/	Save yourself.
ScaryGary	Not Recommended	17.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198126214953/	Not worth th price.
Shirtless Putin On a Horse	Not Recommended	35.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198080786199/	Before buying this game, I suggest you watch the myriad of videos detailing the lies and shortfall of this overpriced game. Hello Games is a disingenuous developer, and should be put on every gamer's black list. The gameplay is repetitive, there are technical issues, there isn't a story, the planets start looking like the same generic procedural generated soulless environments. I wanted to like this game, and figured it would be a therapeutic walking simulation, but even then the game failed at that. I did more staring at my mining beam at a rock, than I was walking around planets because the game needs me to recharge all my stuff to stay alive and walk around. WHAT?!
Ravenous Demon	Not Recommended	41.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198090656318/	This game is a hunk of junk until what has been promised has been delivered without paying a cent more for it. The developers reputation is ruined due to all the lies. The graphics are nice but, I play dwarf fortress religiously... an ascii based game... Dwarf fortress at a grand price tag for FREE deserves every penny no mans sky has recieved from me and even if it takes me the next 10 years, I will get a refund and I will be giving it to someone who deserves it.
twitch.tv/p1_x	Not Recommended	13.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/p1_x/	video of lies
Spreddy Tinkles	Not Recommended	31.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198200835886/	Overhyped, Overpromised, Overpriced and extremely under delivered. I really wanted to like this game the potential was huge.
geoffreywolter	Not Recommended	71.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/geoffreywolter/	What a huge (2^64) dissapointment! This game should have been released for $15 on Early Access and maybe it would have felt like a decent value propostition. As it stands Hello Games has tarnished their reputation by going silent in the face of overwhelming criticism from the public regarding the lack of many features which were shown in promotional footage or even spoken about by the "great" Sean Murray himself during his exhaustive press tours leading up to the release. I would like to believe that Hello Games, and Sean Murray will make good on thier original promises by way of extensive patching, however based on thier complete lack of community interaction post launch I simply cannot imagine this happening. Save yourself the money and give this one a pass...
Sibanamush	Not Recommended	33.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/sibanamush/	This isn't even a game. you can very easily skip the tutorial without even realising that you were being offered a tutorial.There doesnt seem to be any story , or objective to the game. It consists entirely of picking a random icon on the horizon, and flying / walking towards it , hopign that your inventory doesnt fill up of random elements that you have no idea if you'll need or not. The entire drive to keep going seems to be trying to get additional inventory slots so that your inventory doesn't fill up so quickly so you can continue to get more inventory slots.
Hairballs	Not Recommended	33.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198023185591/	I tried really hard to like this game after spending money on it, but all I got from it was regret. I wish I'd gotten a refund instead.
stilts	Not Recommended	31.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/stllts/	i couldve bought like 200 kit kats and eaten myself into a diabetic coma with the 60 dollars i spent on thisif only it lived up to the absolutely kickass soundtrack 65dos made for it, i feel bad for them
5h34rcon	Not Recommended	49.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/5h34rcon/	As most people have stated, really repetitive, no real story, no real point, planets mostly look the same with different colors, creatures look dumb after a while, just a big grind fest. I really did try to like this game, but just got so boring and tedious. I am a completionist, I wanted to find all the creatures and whatnot, but found myself just not caring at all and leaving planets right after touchdown because it all looked the same. So sad. I do not recommend anyone buying this game.
wTc.Pluto	Not Recommended	7.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198305388165/	This game is a total Rip off, do not buy. It may look pretty and be hyped up for. But there is nothing to do in it and the ending just resets you. A total waste of money, now that I cant get a refund.
RaXoR	Not Recommended	20.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/raxor30/	First off I was given the impression based on interviews that it was multiplayer, but it has been found out that it isn't multiplayer so we were lied to. Secondly, my game crashed probably 30 times already. Thirdly, twice when it crashed, it restarted my entire game and I had a beginner planet that I was back to just as if I bought & played the game for the first time. I also have a i5-4690K 3.5 GHz Quad Core Processor and 2 Nvidia GeForce GTX 970's as well as 16 GB of RAM. I've used different drivers, updated drivers, archived drivers, OS updates, crashes still happen as well as frame stuttering and massive frame drops & pop-in. It was advertised that planets would orbit the sun, planets would have other liquids than water, multiplayer numerous times, intelligent life, landing on asteroids, animals eating each other, and so much more. This is false advertising, and NONE of this is in the game.Then the "lush enviroments" don't exist. There is EXACT replica's of flora and fauna on different planets, and if they are different at all, it's only slightly different. The crashing is ridiculous considering my PC build is a top of the line gaming PC and cost me $2,000 to build:Intel Core i5-4690K 3.5GHz Quad-Core ProcessorAsus MAXIMUS VII HERO ATX LGA1150 MotherboardG.Skill Ripjaws X Series 16GB (2 x 8GB) DDR3-1866 MemorySeagate Barracuda 2TB 3.5" 7200RPM Internal Hard DriveSTORAGEKingston SSDNow V300 Series 120GB 2.5" Solid State DriveMSI GeForce GTX 970 4GB Twin Frozr V  x 2 SLI (was tried with sli on and off multiple times)Corsair 760W 80+ Platinum Certified Fully-Modular ATX Power SupplyWindows 10AVOID THIS GAME AT ALL COSTS!
John Trapper	Recommended	94.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198036480308/	Two years ago I wanted a refund...now I cant stop playing.  Thanks Sean for making my work days drag on forever waiting to get home and play!
Oscar	Not Recommended	33.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197990824434/	I did everything that was possible in this game to see if the critics were right... they were right.1. The game must be restarted every 30min because the fps drops lower than Skrillex bass.2. The planets are quie similar. What it means is the buildings and caves are all the same, 99/100 biomes are awful because the fauna is one of the most basic ai I ever seen (walk in circle) and the lands are ugly as hell.3. The game should have been called " Inventory quest " because the only thing you'll ever do is farming to have a bigger inventory.4. A lot of rooms are closed if you don't have an atlas pass v3 which you can get only through cheer luck ( a.k.a a lot of farming ).5. Did I mention redundancy ?6. The ending feels like a bad joke.On the other side, this game is really well written. Also, people got hyped over breadcrumbs and Hello Games is a studio comming from nowhere ( previous game was a Trials-like ) auto-financing themselves, so some things can be understandable ( I doesn't mean you should excuse everything).
zERO	Not Recommended	15.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/bobo0202/	Gotta agree with everyone else, this game is hella boring. It is fun until you realize how shallow and pointless it is. I think that it is a good base for a great game but as it stands now, I wish I never bought it. It needs more intellegent interactions with intellegent lifeforms and some sense of urgency as you are playing. As it stand now, this game is little more than a walking simulator.
Rodrrico	Not Recommended	66.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Rodrrico/	What could have been.
roflmao	Not Recommended	56.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198098787368/	An indie title dressed up as AAA game.The fact that the game is still advertised with a misleading, preproduced trailer from E3 2014 is slightly infuriating. Be advised that the actual game looks and plays not even remotely as depicted in the trailer.If you can pick it up on sale for a fraction of its retail price, the game is enjoyable for about 4-5 days until you maxed out your 3 inventory screens. The end. 
steranko75	Not Recommended	48.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198060080875/	I really hate to dogpile on here, but this game has got to be the biggest let down of my recent game playing experience.  Yes, it is huge and does mostly what is advertised.  The problem is that it becomes pretty repetitive and frustratingly awkward at times.  I now know before I land at a site what I will likely encounter - no surprises any more.  The sameness of the experiences is a major let down.  Waiting for the slow panning of the camera and slow text boxes to appear to slowly tell me what I have already figured out using context clues becomes maddening.  This game really is a mining simulator.  The only driving force in the game is to mine resources to fuel your equipment to allow you to...mine resources.  Learning the language doesn't seem to matter, as each encounter is very similar and you can figure out what needs done without any language.  Different ships do not behave differently, only look different and hold more/less than what your other ship did.  At least if I could use my resources to make some paint and fix the ugly color scheme of my ship, that would be something to look forward to.  This feels too much like reporting for work, and not enough fun or true sense of adventure.  For example, every planet is already named and has outposts on it - why bother making it seem like I'm a star bound explorer finding things first?  They obviously have already been found and settled at some point.  While my planets have been very different (on the suface) from each other, spending a bit of time on them reveals the truth - they are all basically the same experience, just colored differently and making you mine different resources to stay alive so you can keep mining resources.  At least if the gravity were different, it would make it kind of fun.  If some big, new, free gameplay enhancements don't arrive for this game, stay away.  I truly wanted to love it, but am now bored and frustrated that I spent so much money on the preorderEdit - I continue to play this game for some reason - perhaps that is the underlying secret of NMS?  I was just sure if I explored a little more I would find someting amazing or wonderous, but haven't yet.  I have walked all over this damn planet looking for the last missing species to identify and cannot locate it, and I need antimatter because I traded my ship for a busted ship for something fun to do, and now I can't warp to a new system.  Sigh.
Easy Edo	Not Recommended	44.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/easyedo/	I can't recommend this game in it's current state. It's like playing around in an infinite sandbox but you can't interact or do anything with that sandbox except look at it and move on.I really gave this game a chance and I wanted it to be good. I learned a lesson I should have learned a long time ago, don't pre order games.
Cletus Kasady	Not Recommended	334.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198072908324/	What a rip off.
Kafir Pride	Not Recommended	13.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197975736719/	Repetative, empty, meaningless.Demos and trailers show lush exotic worlds.  Haven't seen one of those, but I have seen lots of orange rock, and rectangular mineral deposits.Communication with aliens is rediculous.  I spent hours looking for ruins... result:  when I speak to an alien, I understand 3 words of their sentence.  But SOME CRAZY HOW, I seem to sense what they're saying.... like my character must be Betazed.And am I hermetically sealed in a spacesuit or not?!  Toxic atmosphere?  No problem!  Water?  ZOMG YOU'RE RUNNING OUT OF O2!!!!1   Lazy use of an overused video game trope.
Labratty	Not Recommended	298.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198020488283/	Quite relaxing sandbox to waste time in, but the 'game' is just an endless number of poor game design choices and bugs.The modders easily made the game significantly better in under two weeks without access to the source, it is that flawed.I think every single image from the promo video and images cannot be seen in the delivered game.  Not one single valid in-game shot.tl;dr Very interesting procedural content experiment for those interested in the theoretical side, shockingly bad game.update: 3 months in, no major update or significant communication from the studio.  It's dead, move on.
Arady	Not Recommended	28.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198015556884/	It was my stupidity to buy this game but I somehow hoped they will improve stability. After 35 minutes of playing game goes into a slow made and i have to relaunch the game to fix it then it started to crash... It should have been released as early access
Jazco le Mann	Not Recommended	36.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198053590639/	You can play million years and you won't probably see everything the game offers. But after couple of hours you will defeinitelly experience everything in it.
SakuIce	Not Recommended	152.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Trumsi/	How to even describe this game...hmm...Advertising was well made for this game. It is big vast exploration game with many many planets and galaxies. But. When each planet you visit contains same recources as 20+ you have just visited, it gets boring really fast. As extra, any screenshot or cool moments in trailers you see are here just for advertising. Most of it isn´t real.If you don´t mind tedious farming, seeing only 3 alien races in vast amount of planets, pretty short storyline and hoping to discover something no one has discovered yet, from quintillion planets, then this game is meant just for You.So why i still play this game from time to time? Well, I still hope to find something different, something extraordinary, even tho i know this is like finding needle in the haystack.
kiwinator	Not Recommended	2.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/justcallmekiwipls/	i'd rather get hit by a train twice.
Pongflict_Ghost	Not Recommended	3.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/pongflict/	Do not buy this game.
AIRWAVE	Not Recommended	15.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/AIRWAVE7/	I keep going back maybe once every two weeks hoping to find something that I'm missing, but its a dud. Nothing is as advertised, lots of repetetive gameplay if you can call it that. Do not but. It's worth maybe $10. You'll get bored within the first hour. A hilarious ending that Hello Games built up to be some fantsatic dramatic thing, when in reality it's laughable. Please do not buy, you're wasting your money like I did.
Dave DarkLion	Not Recommended	4.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198071007010/	One Man's Lie; No men buyPlease, don't buy this garbage, like I did, riding the hype train. The behavior Hello Games has been showing is one of the most horrible things I've seen. They are liers, and they should be called out for that. I only hope Steam would refund me my $60. Support developers that deserve it, instead of these guys. Buying games like this, we're encouraging these dirty practices some developers have.
Jack the Sad Loser	Not Recommended	0.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198087797662/	Just don't. Wait for patches, updates and discounts. It ain't worth it. sorry
Shinsei Gaming	Not Recommended	15.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ShinseiGaming/	You know, if you got sucked into the hype like me, you would be severely let down. If you just got this game knowing nothing about it at all and liked space and exploration, youd live the first like five hours. then it just gets super repetitive. Unfortunately, i cannot in good faith recommend this game unless it was like 5 dollars
Thel Vadam	Not Recommended	22.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198031265869/	It´s not what they promisedshort explanation:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=53q9cg-qm-Along explanation:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Wgolc1rRroI even nominated the game for the "Worst Game I Played lately" award
hydrogen2rd	Not Recommended	47.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198306101224/	How foolish I am !
Pan	Recommended	89.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197994205030/	10/10 best comeback in gaming historythey fixed it boys.
wTc.Pluto	Not Recommended	7.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198305388165/	This game is a total Rip off, do not buy. It may look pretty and be hyped up for. But there is nothing to do in it and the ending just resets you. A total waste of money, now that I cant get a refund.
RaXoR	Not Recommended	20.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/raxor30/	First off I was given the impression based on interviews that it was multiplayer, but it has been found out that it isn't multiplayer so we were lied to. Secondly, my game crashed probably 30 times already. Thirdly, twice when it crashed, it restarted my entire game and I had a beginner planet that I was back to just as if I bought & played the game for the first time. I also have a i5-4690K 3.5 GHz Quad Core Processor and 2 Nvidia GeForce GTX 970's as well as 16 GB of RAM. I've used different drivers, updated drivers, archived drivers, OS updates, crashes still happen as well as frame stuttering and massive frame drops & pop-in. It was advertised that planets would orbit the sun, planets would have other liquids than water, multiplayer numerous times, intelligent life, landing on asteroids, animals eating each other, and so much more. This is false advertising, and NONE of this is in the game.Then the "lush enviroments" don't exist. There is EXACT replica's of flora and fauna on different planets, and if they are different at all, it's only slightly different. The crashing is ridiculous considering my PC build is a top of the line gaming PC and cost me $2,000 to build:Intel Core i5-4690K 3.5GHz Quad-Core ProcessorAsus MAXIMUS VII HERO ATX LGA1150 MotherboardG.Skill Ripjaws X Series 16GB (2 x 8GB) DDR3-1866 MemorySeagate Barracuda 2TB 3.5" 7200RPM Internal Hard DriveSTORAGEKingston SSDNow V300 Series 120GB 2.5" Solid State DriveMSI GeForce GTX 970 4GB Twin Frozr V  x 2 SLI (was tried with sli on and off multiple times)Corsair 760W 80+ Platinum Certified Fully-Modular ATX Power SupplyWindows 10AVOID THIS GAME AT ALL COSTS!
kelsobluebane	Not Recommended	1,111.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198069488538/	Around 2003 I bought and played a game called Freelancer and ever since I've been looking for something similar but better. NMS is like a basic version of Freelancer with all the fun stuff missing.Not enough content to warrent the price, seems some future DLC might have to be paid for, which in itself wouldn't be a problem if the £40 had actually delivered significantly more of the features promised in the trailers.The coming weeks and months will be intresting to see if enough content can be added to bulk the game out, I really hope so because I blew my limited budget on this so I'm stuck with it.If I was to give it a score probably 5/10 with the potential to go higher but that could take a while.
Rodrrico	Not Recommended	66.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Rodrrico/	What could have been.
Oscar	Not Recommended	33.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197990824434/	I did everything that was possible in this game to see if the critics were right... they were right.1. The game must be restarted every 30min because the fps drops lower than Skrillex bass.2. The planets are quie similar. What it means is the buildings and caves are all the same, 99/100 biomes are awful because the fauna is one of the most basic ai I ever seen (walk in circle) and the lands are ugly as hell.3. The game should have been called " Inventory quest " because the only thing you'll ever do is farming to have a bigger inventory.4. A lot of rooms are closed if you don't have an atlas pass v3 which you can get only through cheer luck ( a.k.a a lot of farming ).5. Did I mention redundancy ?6. The ending feels like a bad joke.On the other side, this game is really well written. Also, people got hyped over breadcrumbs and Hello Games is a studio comming from nowhere ( previous game was a Trials-like ) auto-financing themselves, so some things can be understandable ( I doesn't mean you should excuse everything).
zERO	Not Recommended	15.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/bobo0202/	Gotta agree with everyone else, this game is hella boring. It is fun until you realize how shallow and pointless it is. I think that it is a good base for a great game but as it stands now, I wish I never bought it. It needs more intellegent interactions with intellegent lifeforms and some sense of urgency as you are playing. As it stand now, this game is little more than a walking simulator.
ZaptorZap	Not Recommended	55.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198192660621/	This game has not displayed anything that was advertised as game play or experience. I feel lied to and terribly dissapointed.
Screw-Up Fairy	Not Recommended	8.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/sealedsun/	To sum up No Man's Sky in one word: MehIt's a great tech demo, it's a pretty screenshot generation tool and, if you are into that kind of thing, its an immersive exploration 'experience'. You might even consider it a piece of art and I do confess that I am mildly intrigued by its background story.On the 'game' front, however, I think it doesn't do so well. The few gameplay elements there are (resource collection, crafting, combat on foot, combat in space, navigation) all have a kind of first-prototype feel to them. A bland, just-enough-to-qualify level of craftmanship.This is the state that I would expect in an initial early access release. I think there is a lot of potential, but almost all areas of the game need a lot of iteration.There are also some things that I really don't like about No Man's Sky.  Alt+Tab crashes about 80% of the time  the UI is unintuitive and cumbersome to work with  extravagant and glacially slow UI animations constantly waste your time.  
NeoKuro	Not Recommended	5.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/NeoKuro/	For the first hour or two the game can be interesting. Seeing a variety of different creatures, planets and such. However after that the game is boring. Repetative. Dull. Featureless. You find yourself jumping to a new system. Looking around a planet exploring as you see new lifeforms which begin to look all the same after a few systems. Exploring various points of interest such as outposts, monoliths, trade centres etc which are all identical to each other across all systems. All the stations are the same on the inside. You can barely understand what the aliens are saying, and they give you the same puzzles to solve...ultimately, the game has no depth to it and quickly grows old. I do not recommend buying this game, spend the £40 on something else more worth it. Like paint.
The Swede	Not Recommended	7.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198106961882/	Technical issues, extremely repetitive gameplay, no actual reward for completing the "story", no multiplayer, multiple lies from Hello Games on the nature and features of the game, all adds up to a massive disappointment. Trust me, save your money and find other games that pique your interest. This game is essentially a 60 dollar Indie title without the charm or replayabliity.
GoatBrains	Not Recommended	43.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198168271827/	It took me way too long to see how bad this game sucked
LerkinAround	Not Recommended	276.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/LerkinAround/	After giving this game some time, I have to finally give it the thumbs down.  There's not much I can say that hasn't been said already in all of the reviews.After 50+ hours in, it is pretty boring.  Just different coloration on each planet.  Animals all started looking the same.  And it's basically limitless grinding for resources/money rather than exploration.  Flight controls are terrible.  Interactions with other species is pointless and boring.  They literally just sit/stand there and do nothing.  All the same.And as I came back to this page to rate it I decided to watch some of the trailers again.  It is extremely disappointing that the game is nothing like what it appeared in the trailers.  But as revealed, that's because they were fairly scripted.There is nothing compelling me to keep playing this game.I don't recommend this game in the current state.  Hopefully they improve it.
aXs82	Not Recommended	38.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Axs82/	...just Bad :(
spec10	Not Recommended	16.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/spec10/	Expected to buy something with long term appeal. Trailers and developer comments / descriptions promised something very different. Got a shallow experience that started fading fast. Steep admission price to uncover a false advertising campaign. Lesson learned.
Pingdemons.com | Nick	Not Recommended	36.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/arx_ca/	TL;DR I preordered this game, and played it for too long (hoping it would get more interesting) and now it's too late for a refund.  Don't make the same mistakes.This game is not at all what was promised.Certain aspects of the planet generation are pretty cool, but more in a tech-demo sort of way.  If there was a decent game occuring on those randomly generated planets, it might be alright.In general everything just seems the same, though.  There's nothing to make it a game.  I played a fair bit on the first half dozen planets, before I got bored of the grind.I didn't bother to finish, but it seems like you could grind in the first system to fully upgrade your ship/suit/gun (though I'm not sure it really matters) then just jump system to system, stopping occasionally to pick up the plentiful resources to refuel.Eventually you probably get to the middle if you're not too bored before then.There's no survival needed as far as I can tell.  Of the 8 or so planets I visited, There was a hot one, which required occasionally finding a shadow to sit in for 30 seconds to cool down.  There was a cold one, that required occasionally finding a cave to sit in for 30 seconds to warm up, there was one which drained my life support a little faster, so I had to keep stuffing it with plutonium (which is everywhere, so the only challenge is navigating the awful inventory screens)If you do accidentally♥♥♥♥♥♥off the sentinels by collecting resources without running around for a few seconds when they see you, you get to deal with the wanted meter, which works opposite of GTA which inspired it.Basically, kill all the sentinels quickly, and they stop coming.  Ignore them and your wanted level continues to rise.You will occasionally have one appear on the wrong side of a cave wall, or somewhere where it's totally inaccessable, but they can still see you through the walls, etc, and your wanted level will stay pretty high, and you need to either camp in the cave until something eventually times out and they go away, or go outside and get killed, which just increases your death counter by 1, and puts you back where you were.Upgrading your stuff is basically just about talking to one of the billions of carbon copy inhabitants in the carbon copy buildings, in the carbon copy settlements, on the quintilion carbon copy planets, while repeatedly getting the same blueprints you already have (I think I got 90% of them in the first couple hours, then it's just RNG to see if you get anything better)I don't think I need to waste any more time typing the same junk the other 70% of players who don't like this game have already said.Just don't buy it, okay? 
Cube Reflector	Not Recommended	5.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jar235/	Vlave get ur♥♥♥♥♥♥together and allow us to get a refund, AND GET THIS ♥♥♥♥ING GAME OF THE MARKET.
Samwise Gamgee	Not Recommended	39.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198278427896/	Well after quite a few hours of playing "legit" i decided to stop doing the same thing over and over again and moded it. this makes the game much better but still bad. not worth the effort or money esecially for the lousy endings yes both suck
Kentenyo	Not Recommended	20.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Kentenyo/	This game feels like an Early Access cash grab. The content that is showcased in the gameplay and pre-release trailers do not reflect the final product at all. There is literally nothing new to do in this game after about 2 hours. Even if you force yourself to explore the universe, you'll quickly learn how repetative and limited the procedural generation is. 18 quintillion planets and none of them feel truly unique. This game only left one impression on me and the majority of the people who played it, a very bad one. Do not support Hello Games ever. They do not even actively communicate with the players post-release because they KNOW they released a game that failed to tackle 80% of its promises and have no answers to give.
skipopotamus	Not Recommended	93.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Skipopotamus/	42 billion planets that are all basically the same.  3 sentient species encountered in several hundred thousand light years travel.  I really tried to like this game, I wanted to love it, but it just wasnt what it was advertized to be.
SG_Yusuke	Not Recommended	9.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SG_Yusuke/	60 bucks down the drain that i could have use on a hooker FeelsBadMan
[AnL] Spyface	Not Recommended	44.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197971335472/	I don't write reviews but they got me and my $60. I want to like this game, I really do but it crashes sooo much, and it takes me 5-6 times of trying to launch it before it finally loads. Usually I see the error No Man's Sky has stopped working more than I've seen the actual game content or story line.Less than 30 hours, that's still quite a bit of exploring but I have yet to find an atlas stone, yet to see any sort of story. The game feels beta, it feels pushed - it need serious work. I have horrible lag and when mining, the main part of the game, after a certain period the game crashes. Always while mining and sometimes my entire computer will shut down because of this game. I can play modded skyrim, GTAV, fallout, overwatch, doom all without crashing at 60+fps and this can't even run on my machine because it is a game that is not ready for release.A for idea and scope of the gameF for execution and hurried release.Patch the game and talk to your customers and fanbase you tools.
BigManHam	Not Recommended	20.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Haaaaammmm/	Worst game ever created. Don't believe what the pictures and videos show you, it's all just a big ole scam.What I also find interesting is you can buy an aliens ship, or find a crashed ship on a planet... HOW DID THE ALIENS CRASH IF YOUR SHIP CANT EVEN GET WITHIN 500m OF THE GROUND. It's essentially space explorer for children and you sit in a little high chair with auto pilot on and watch the stars go by.Don't buy it.
Zonkey	Not Recommended	2.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198043025518/	          The destruction of the gaming industry starts with products like No Man's Sky. The title sold itself on grand expectations that did appear groundbreaking. The title received lofty claims before it release from multiple media outlets. When the game launched for play, the veneer of a groundbreaking space exploration adventure was quickly shattered . What was advertised as a nearly endless game of planetary exploration and space travel turned out to be a bland lifeless universe with new real rewards for discovery.           The Procedural generated worlds are merely the same planet with different skins applied to them. If you name a life-form on one planet, they will have the same name on others, but with different colors. This standard is the same for life forms found on planets; same creatures with different color pallets. This is the moment where this reviewer requested a refund. The generated planets are void of life, personality, and most importantly anything fun too do. Perhaps the best description of No Man's Sky I have come across is, “As vast as an ocean and as deep as a puddle”. This statement wrings the loudest upon completing the only main quest line in the entire game.            As stated in the opening of this review video games released like No Man's Sky will be a direct contributor to a game industry collapse. This false advertisement is not a game, but a cash grab by mediocre developers. This is very obvious with the developers dodging very basic questions too service platforms like Steam and Amazon having to alter their refund policies to accommodate the mass exodus of rightfully dissatisfied customers. Over the past 5-6 years I have noticed a trend of game developers releasing incomplete titles, games that were not beta tested for errors and glitches, or a title spun as a groundbreaking gravy train turns out to be another game to add to the junk bin. This rush of selling titles like this at full price does nothing, but alienate and cause distrust between the game consumers and game developers. I am glad Steam and other services like it realized this and accommodated accordingly. A video game like No Man's Sky breaks down the integrity between consumer and maker.           I must take some personal responsibility for making this purchase on a whim. I gave it an unbiased chance since I don't consume large quantities of video game related media; I had a relatively little knowledge of this game beforehand. After playing it for myself I found that the negative reviews everywhere are accurate. This whole debacle as been a learning experience for me and I hope it will be for anyone else who made this purchase to be a little more inquisitive and skeptical of lavish praise before something is completed and tried. I have a biting feat that is something similar were to happen to a major game series or title that it could be a major hit to the game industry as a whole and take an E.T. Atari effect bringing about a decline and interest in video games overall.
INConstant	Not Recommended	60.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/inconstant/	I'll keep it short cuz' i don't want to waste your time. After ofer 40h on this game (didn't reached the center 'cuz♥♥♥♥♥it) all I can say is that if you're the type of person who enjoys running around gathering resources to spend on walking around gathering resources, then this it your game. Space is boring, space stations are boring, outposts are boring, animals are boring, aliens are the most♥♥♥♥♥♥♥boring thing of all. In an universe that discovered inter-stelar travel you would expect more than some weird-looking, non-moving alien saying "let me poke you with this needle" ... Some planets are awesome, most of them are not. This is a game where the most exiciting thing is discovering a drop pod so you can expand your inventory so you can gather more stuff. Ships are all the same control wise (customization is minimal) but yes, you could become a pirate (put more weapon companions) or a trader (put less weapons companions to have enough free space) if and only your imagination is rich enough. From my point of view the space part could be ignored all together. I spend almost 10 hours on a planet just to test one thing: Sean said that you could play the entire game that way. You could, if you're into boring shaite. I would not recommend anyone to play the game like that. Things become repetitive really fast, blueprints are all the same, and there are no new things to discover... so it's all a hunt for resources.Overall, I would say no way, not now, not when it's 60 bucks.
NoQueso	Not Recommended	42.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/noqueso/	♥♥♥♥ this Goddamn game. The promises weren't met. I'd rather be stabbed in the eyes than to see multiple of the same bland planet or animals. Sean Murray will never get another penny from me again since it's too ♥♥♥♥ing late to get a refund. This game is a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥that I wouldn't wipe if I took it.If you want to spend $59.99 on something, pay a prostitute to kick you in the♥♥♥♥♥♥ It'll be more enjoyable than this god awful game.
Kentenyo	Not Recommended	20.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Kentenyo/	This game feels like an Early Access cash grab. The content that is showcased in the gameplay and pre-release trailers do not reflect the final product at all. There is literally nothing new to do in this game after about 2 hours. Even if you force yourself to explore the universe, you'll quickly learn how repetative and limited the procedural generation is. 18 quintillion planets and none of them feel truly unique. This game only left one impression on me and the majority of the people who played it, a very bad one. Do not support Hello Games ever. They do not even actively communicate with the players post-release because they KNOW they released a game that failed to tackle 80% of its promises and have no answers to give.
skipopotamus	Not Recommended	93.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Skipopotamus/	42 billion planets that are all basically the same.  3 sentient species encountered in several hundred thousand light years travel.  I really tried to like this game, I wanted to love it, but it just wasnt what it was advertized to be.
SG_Yusuke	Not Recommended	9.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SG_Yusuke/	60 bucks down the drain that i could have use on a hooker FeelsBadMan
GaauSi	Not Recommended	49.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197970675483/	Not worth $60 and I can best describe No Man's Sky as a game that's a mile wide but an inch deep. Sure the Universe is huge but what you can do in that Universe is repetative and shallow. I'm sure you can find other reviews that are more eloquent than mine.
Void_Incarnate	Not Recommended	0.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198013489529/	So, I wanted to wait until the game had been out for longer and more bugs fixed before reviewing. But then I saw that nobody is playing it any more, and there aren't even enough recent reviews for a 'Recent Rating' to show up.This about sums up my feelings about NMS. I don't regret having supported a promising idea, but I do regret missing out on the refund period after finding out the promises weren't delivered.
DontGRILLmyPhantom!!	Not Recommended	1.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mortalclown/	This game is over hyped, there is no objectives and nothing to do other than collect and explore. This is not my cup of te, but i think it's great for those who like to explore and collect.I would refund if could, but i was to late, so im stuck with this stupid game.
Zacharius	Not Recommended	36.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ilsensine/	Complete. Utter. Garbage.
talespin	Not Recommended	46.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198044824864/	Never written a review before, but this game deserves a negative one.This game isn't worth its cost. It's repetitive and offers no excitement whatsoever. It's choppy, really slow, and has many glitches.I feel like I was conned into buying this game, and they should be returning everyone's money to them.
#1 Moist Yoinker NA	Not Recommended	41.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198066644530/	About This "Game"Inspired by the adventure and imagination that we love from classic science-fiction, No Man's Sky presents you with a galaxy to explore, filled with unique planets and lifeforms, and constant danger and action. (Lies)In No Man's Sky, every star is the light of a distant sun, each orbited by planets filled with life, and you can go to any of them you choose. Fly smoothly from deep space to planetary surfaces, with no loading screens, and no limits. In this infinite procedurally generated universe, you'll discover places and creatures that no other players have seen before - and perhaps never will again.  (no other players have seen before - and perhaps never will again. Because there is no multiplayer)Embark on an epic voyage (Lies)At the centre of the galaxy lies a irresistible pulse which draws you on a journey towards it to learn the true nature of the cosmos. But, facing hostile creatures and fierce pirates, you'll know that death comes at a cost, and survival will be down to the choices you make over how you upgrade your ship, your weapon and suit. (THE GRIND.... for nothing)Find your own destiny (Lies)Your voyage through No Man's Sky is up to you. Will you be a fighter, preying on the weak and taking their riches, or taking out pirates for their bounties? Power is yours if you upgrade your ship for speed and weaponry. Or a trader? Find rich resources on forgotten worlds and exploit them for the highest prices. Invest in more cargo space and you'll reap huge rewards. (XD the inventory is a joke, LIES)Or perhaps an explorer? Go beyond the known frontier and discover places and things that no one has ever seen before. Upgrade your engines to jump ever farther, and strengthen your suit for survival in toxic environments that would kill the unwary.Share your journeyThe galaxy is a living, breathing place. Trade convoys travel between stars, factions vie for territory, pirates hunt the unwary, and the police are ever watching. Every other player lives in the same galaxy, and you can choose to share your discoveries with them on a map that spans known space. Perhaps you will see the results of their actions as well as your own...     (The discription of the game says it the best ....  "no other players")In other words, this game is Trash painted to look like a gift and with just enough content to have you play till you can't go back and refund.   10/10 Would suffer again!
'.The Sev.'	Not Recommended	38.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TheSev/	Played it for a while, discovered that the entire game is encapsulated by repitition of "Shoot rocks with a laser, fuel ship, fly around looking for something interesting, finding the same 5 things 100 times each on a planet, upload discovery names with a hundred variations of crass humor and vulgar anatomy names, go to next planet" then start the process over.Starts out interesting. The first 5 hours were enjoyable. After that, the generic aliens just got annoying.Needed mods to fix some of the terrible design decisions, like that god-awful suit voiceover and the idiotic spring that pervents players from flying close to or even aiming towards the ground on planets.Was hoping to see some great content additions and fixes to the problems/missing features after a couple months, but so far Hello Games seems to be dead and buried. Office is reported to be abandoned and refunds are being blocked (specifically by Sony for PS4, but the trend could sprial out).DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. Devs have likely completely abandoned ship. Game is too repetitive to even be a chill stroll in the park with nice visuals as it currently stands, and doesn't seem to have any future.
FlubFlub	Not Recommended	5.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/twerkingtaco/	Trash.
vLyrinx	Not Recommended	6.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/vLyrinx/	so many promisses that weren't met :( i got a refund
Robinson	Not Recommended	20.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197994218947/	I WANT MY REFUND!
Pariah	Not Recommended	29.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198017069621/	give my money back
Samwise Gamgee	Not Recommended	39.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198278427896/	Well after quite a few hours of playing "legit" i decided to stop doing the same thing over and over again and moded it. this makes the game much better but still bad. not worth the effort or money esecially for the lousy endings yes both suck
dirtzdan	Not Recommended	50.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/dirtzdan/	A basic Refund request for anyone to work off. I have been hella patient but with the issues the developer is having its never going to be fixed."To Whom it may ConcernAny chance of a refund considering the complete lack of content/mis-sale/and my patience? I've waited long enough to expect vast improvements in the game however that is not going to happen as the developers are currently in constant lawsuits. It is thus, not as advertised and never will be. Regards,Dan"
Magic Bacon Bits	Not Recommended	118.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/cheeky1080/	It started off good, was expecting way more and soon became bored quickly. There's just nothing too it. I've stopped playing it. Tried to get a refund past the normally claim period but it was not honored.Oh well maybe one day it will be work the $80 I paid but at the moment it's early access at best
sangsomplays	Not Recommended	10.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/sangsomplays/	Good for the first 5-10 hours. After that the game is boring.
Chaymazing	Not Recommended	11.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198029118098/	all lies 
WalkingGhost	Recommended	142.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197988961739/	Game has been out for over 2 weeks now. Clearly still not working correctly. The updates told to us on twitter are simply put bad. They post on it and we still don't know what this updates are about. I have tryed little things to make the game play better. I never got into the hype train of this game. I payed my price of like 60+ bucks. And still the game goes to♥♥♥♥♥♥after 2 hours. FPS still sucks the game. This so far feels like a farmville game. And I also notice DLC if any might be coasting us based on ur reviews? Are u 12 years old Shawn. Fix ur game at least try to have multi player. And at least put in some god dam effort to fixing ur stuff before EVEN mention DLC and having to POSSIBLY pay.Pro: -Pewpewing with my lazer.Cons:-Well read the reviews. I have to agree with most poeple.-FPS (Frames per second)-Vsnyc was on wtf was that about? Fixed so it's off. -Mo multiplayer at all.-Farm stuff for u and ur ship. (Farmville)-Can't choose fractions.-Can't do most of the stuff said or talked about. -If there is ANY chat to prove multiplayer I would ♥♥♥♥en love to see that.-If you want more read the reviews it is pretty bad.Look below for my next update.P.S This game isn't worth 60 bucks the simply fact is they lied and they need to regain trust with the gamers they lied to. Maybe 40 bucks but no more.
dotexe (◕‿◕✿)	Not Recommended	0.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198012308318/	Unfinished, runs horribly. Feels like a very early access, buggy, $15 indie game. Nowhere near an actual $60 release.
Rockshocker	Not Recommended	57.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197988896776/	Do not buy, do not be fooled by this game, it's not a game, it's a cash grab by greedy developers!!2 hours is not enough time to decide if you like the game or not. No Man's Sky is so shallow that you spend hours trying to find something fun to do in the game. Refunds should be given without question, I gave this game a chance, the benefit of the doubt and I'm stuck with it. Every planet has the same plants and minerals. Every outpost is the same copy and pasted outpost from a handful of maybe 3 different layouts.There is 1 type of space station in the entire game.Want to return to your starter planet or any other planet that you enjoyed, nearly impossible with the clumsy interface and controls.
JibberyScriggers	Not Recommended	9.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198047652385/	The single biggest letdown in gaming history! Utter shambles of a "game" which will hopefully mark the beginning of the end for pre-order culture!
psteinhart1	Not Recommended	1.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198326419495/	BOOOOOORING
fieldini	Not Recommended	20.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/fieldini/	Thought I would take a chance on this one as everything that was promised seemed really appealing. And it was to start with but it rapidly became apparent that the content that was advertised just wasn't there. Everything the game has to offer can be experienced within a couple of hours. Now for a full price game I don't find this acceptable. I carried on playing in the hope that it would get better but it really didn't. I can only hope for the developer to update the content in the game in the future without resorting to paid DLC.Given the misleading nature of what was promised from the developer and advertised as such within steam I requested a refund from steam which was refused. So it appears that Steam/Valve are happy to condone false advertising of a game and will collaborate in deception as long as they get their cut. Well from now on I will do everything I can to obtain my games from other channels.  
Rockshocker	Not Recommended	57.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197988896776/	Do not buy, do not be fooled by this game, it's not a game, it's a cash grab by greedy developers!!2 hours is not enough time to decide if you like the game or not. No Man's Sky is so shallow that you spend hours trying to find something fun to do in the game. Refunds should be given without question, I gave this game a chance, the benefit of the doubt and I'm stuck with it. Every planet has the same plants and minerals. Every outpost is the same copy and pasted outpost from a handful of maybe 3 different layouts.There is 1 type of space station in the entire game.Want to return to your starter planet or any other planet that you enjoyed, nearly impossible with the clumsy interface and controls.
dotexe (◕‿◕✿)	Not Recommended	0.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198012308318/	Unfinished, runs horribly. Feels like a very early access, buggy, $15 indie game. Nowhere near an actual $60 release.
Stargate	Not Recommended	76.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/lucianalliance/	We were promised and showed a game in the trailers that didn't even exist, we were lied to. It took me awhile to admit but this was nothing more than a scam to me.The trailers show so many things that don't even exist, there is no factions, multiplayer, center of the universe.This game is like those Pizza commercials that show an amazing Pizza, lots of Cheese, Meat...then when you actually buy it in real life it's a pile of ****.
WasteLandWoner	Not Recommended	69.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/voideorg/	What a joke. All the hype about this game and all the stuff  you can do. They cut so much from the final product.Here is an articlehttps://www.reddit.com/r/NoMansSkyTheGame/comments/4y046e/wheres_the_nms_we_were_sold_on_heres_a_big_list/This one review put it perfect "A mile wide but an inch deep. I can not express it better." -ForcedPOOP August 15th 2016I watched this game grow, get pushed back, have a rocky launch for PC. Then i find out they didn't release everything they had said the game would have. Sure it's gonna come out in a "Future update" but honestly i’m tired of waiting on them now.
Viveltre	Not Recommended	21.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198084887692/	If you want to play a space game that lets you: first person pilot your own ship visiting billions of star systems; trade; mine, bounty hunt; join factions, explore alone; explore with friends; PvP; PvE; land on planets; drive your own land vehicle on those planets; achieve goals; actually have to learn how to fly, land and dock your aircraft with regard to real world physics; learn how to kit out your aircraft to best meet your specialisation; buzz low and scoop fuel from a fricking sun........then for your own sake do not bother with NMS!By ELITE DANGEROUS instead. It has all of the above and more, is much more realistic (e.g. planets have gravity and you can crash and die if you get your landing wrong) with way better graphics and meaningful game progression. Watch a YouTube how to video, and you'll immediately see the difference. And way, way more importantly it has a developer who loves the game and has been invested in it since back when it was first released as a ground breaking wire-frame 3D back in 1984.None of this can be said about NMS in its current form.I might come back to visit NMS one day, but right now it's a pile of pixel-stank. Not worth a buy.Seriously, if you want to drop your coin on a space game, Elite Dangerous is the go.
Maxxh12	Not Recommended	52.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Maxxh12/	I will make it really clear:1: The game worked fine.then there was a update2: The game does not even launch anymore! 
QueenTyger	Not Recommended	14.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/QueenTyger/	Let me start off with; I wish there was a such thing as a neutral review option. I don't recommend it, but I also don't think that someone should immediately turn their cheek to it either. It was an ambitious game from the start, and I wish they'd just taken the safety net of Early Access so they could claim the game as it is; in development. A team of 15 people were not going to pull this off. Even with Sony backing, it wasn't happening. I personally feel like this is comparable to ARK: Survival Evolved. IF they hadn't taken the Early Access. Which is why I haven't refunded, I feel as though the devs are being honest, and they just got way in over their heads. A lot of the reviews are quite harsh, which is understandable because, at the moment, this game is far from what it was advertised and hyped as and, for that reason, is not worth $60. At the moment, you have a barebones Indie game. But the potential is there, if Hello Games sticks to their guns and lets their actions speak for themselves. I want to love this game, but right now I can't. As it is right now, you'll spend a good portion of time waiting after pressing A+D to use your hyperdrive. Then wait. And wait. And wait. You get the point. It tells you how long until you arrive, and most of the time, without the hyperdrive, it can be upwards of an hour. With the hyperdrive, it's still between 5-10 minutes. And once you make it to that planet, you'll begin landing sequence, wait about 10-30 seconds to land. Once you're out of the ship, you wander. That's basically it. You wander around, harvest some resources so you can keep using that hyperdrive. You'll see some neat looking creatures, and some weird looking creatures. You'll get back to your ship, and repeat the process.Give me the update that makes this game a big, juicy steak of a game that it was hyped to be, and I'll change this review immediately. 
Rook	Not Recommended	10.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198057209555/	Just no
Real Noob Hero	Not Recommended	37.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/realnoobhero/	Gave it too much benefit of the doubt, and was unable to refund. Please watch your step when boarding the hype train.
SirVival	Not Recommended	5.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/sirvival/	Repetitive and Boring. I was hoping they would patch and improve but Developer is being very vague on what they are even planning. Awful communication!
LordX1	Not Recommended	10.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/LordX1/	I'll admit, I was caught on the hype train for this game after I heard about what would be included, the type of game that it was and the spruiked possibilities.  Unfortunately, like most other people, I feel very short changed.Three points that have summed this up for me:Gameplay thats hundreds of lightyears long, but only an inch deepAn unoptimised PC release, filled with simple bugs that shouldn't have existed (Couldn't play for an hour without going down to 20fps, in what felt like some sort of memory leak)False advertising, including 'something amazing at the end', which turned out to be resetting all your progress, breaking all your equipment and expecting you to do everything over againI feel cheated by the fact that this game expects you to put hours in to reach certain features (planets), which took me well past the Steam Refund play hours.  The developers have also been deliberately silent after release.  Do not buy.
sinistaminista	Not Recommended	67.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/elbawilliams/	I'm going to take Sean Murray's lead and say, "................".
skippy the magnificent	Not Recommended	68.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/icurfubar/	i dont often write reviews but felt i needed to for this game due to all the negativity as someone who has played the game for a ton of hours i figured i must be getting some enjoyment out of it. that being said i dont think i would give this game a positive review or reccommend it to anyone in its current state. as someone who didn't really follow the games hype as im an older gamer who has seen and heard it all before i was not as sucked in as many others, however nothing excuses the downright lies the devs told about this game before release and then the complete and utter silence after. the reviews speak for themselves. the game in its current form is fun in ways, but there is no real underlying game here its basically just a sandbox. It took me installing several dozen amazing mods just to find it enjoyable but even then i've reached my limit and only play it every so often now when im looking to kill a few hours. the one thing i will say about this game is it HAD potentional, its just a shame it was not realised. The game does have its moments, especially when you can discover a crazy animal on an amazing planet and get a sweet screenshot out of it, but that only goes so far.
Meliora	Not Recommended	24.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ad_meliora/	Months have passed now, and rather than complete the content they led people to expect or even flesh out the game further, it has instead been abandoned.  Its creators, now fat on wealth generated by ambiguous marketing, half truths, lies of ommission, and weasel words, have gone into hiding.Don't waste your money.
Helanger	Not Recommended	49.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Helanger/	As someone who was really excited for this game, I was immensely disappointed by the lack of content and repetitive Gameplay after a certain amount of hours.I was very angered due the what the developers promised and failed to deliver to people who pre-ordered and purchased the game as well as outright lying to everyone.The game does a good job in generating a ridiculous amount of different planets but it's literally all that it has done a good job in.The lack of content ingame as well as all the lies told by the developers is one of the reasons why it falls flat. 
Draco Llasa	Not Recommended	3.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/DracoLlasa/	I really tried to wait and see if these guys were going to get it together.. almost 2 months later and there is little to no sign that they actually get it.. i really feel cheated.. and not like i have ever felt cheated by any game before
Standsure Ando	Not Recommended	6.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SSAndo/	Lesson learnt... never pre order. just a shame i couldnt get a refund.
Trippie P	Not Recommended	30.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198252838706/	♥♥♥♥ this♥♥♥♥♥♥..
TTB	Not Recommended	20.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197975153064/	I first saw a trailer for this game at the Insomnia gaming festival in April this year. It looked fantastic and I promised my son that we would buy it.  I pre-ordered it to get a ship.When I first played it, there didn't seem to be much to it, but I figured that it would build up gradually and I would soon see some of the promised content. However, it became clear that every planet was pretty much the same, there is no depth to the interaction with aliens, no ship customisation, no epic space battles, no depth to the trading system.This game is not worth the £40 that I paid for it.  I couldn't even get a refund because it took me more than two hours to realise how bad it is.In my opinion, it was falsely advertised, and the developer appears to have made no effort to add any of the promised content that was missing.
Jack Burton	Not Recommended	24.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198069991539/	i enjoyed parts of this game...pushed as far as i could go....ultimately the developer was a liar, and misrepresented his product. I would love a refund due to the fact i was misled. Sean Murray shouldnt ever work in the industry again ...do not buy this game...its worth $10 because that is about as deep, and much content you get out of this title. 
WasteLandWoner	Not Recommended	69.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/voideorg/	What a joke. All the hype about this game and all the stuff  you can do. They cut so much from the final product.Here is an articlehttps://www.reddit.com/r/NoMansSkyTheGame/comments/4y046e/wheres_the_nms_we_were_sold_on_heres_a_big_list/This one review put it perfect "A mile wide but an inch deep. I can not express it better." -ForcedPOOP August 15th 2016I watched this game grow, get pushed back, have a rocky launch for PC. Then i find out they didn't release everything they had said the game would have. Sure it's gonna come out in a "Future update" but honestly i’m tired of waiting on them now.
fieldini	Not Recommended	20.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/fieldini/	Thought I would take a chance on this one as everything that was promised seemed really appealing. And it was to start with but it rapidly became apparent that the content that was advertised just wasn't there. Everything the game has to offer can be experienced within a couple of hours. Now for a full price game I don't find this acceptable. I carried on playing in the hope that it would get better but it really didn't. I can only hope for the developer to update the content in the game in the future without resorting to paid DLC.Given the misleading nature of what was promised from the developer and advertised as such within steam I requested a refund from steam which was refused. So it appears that Steam/Valve are happy to condone false advertising of a game and will collaborate in deception as long as they get their cut. Well from now on I will do everything I can to obtain my games from other channels.  
Squire	Not Recommended	70.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197970660476/	The first couple of hours of NMS can offer up some fun in the form of your first planetary landing, interstellar jump, ship upgrade etc but after that, you're going to struggle to stay engaged.Gameplay is extremely shallow, constsiting mainly of grinding enough resources to get to the next planet where you get to start all over again. Tech / ship upgrades are largely meaningless as their practical application is so boring. Combat is repetative and only really challenging because the enemies are endlesslessly spawing, erratic bullet-sponges.The whole experience feels, looks & sounds like a £10 early access at best.
Boss	Not Recommended	19.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/chuggaalhuigi/	This game has a great potential. In it's current state, it's a glorified tech demo worth 20 dollars. On top of that, Sean refuses to respond to any of the questions put out by the community, and instead dodges questions. 4/10
flaaen101	Not Recommended	13.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198071048595/	This Game is one of the WORST games i have ever had the bad luck of playing to even get a feal for the game you go past steams 2 hr mark for a refund i will put it this way i will likly never buy a game with my own money agin from steam, only reason ill get games are if there gifted or free
HITLERSRIGHTBALL	Not Recommended	7.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198165414413/	This is the absolute worst game EVER!!!  To start the game cost £39 which is a fu***ng joke for an "indie" game and developer, i mean you can buy fu***ng grand theft auto for that price.  The developer just down right lied about the game and the features that it supposedly had.  Please, please, please dont make the same mistake i did by buyig this game.
Viveltre	Not Recommended	21.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198084887692/	If you want to play a space game that lets you: first person pilot your own ship visiting billions of star systems; trade; mine, bounty hunt; join factions, explore alone; explore with friends; PvP; PvE; land on planets; drive your own land vehicle on those planets; achieve goals; actually have to learn how to fly, land and dock your aircraft with regard to real world physics; learn how to kit out your aircraft to best meet your specialisation; buzz low and scoop fuel from a fricking sun........then for your own sake do not bother with NMS!By ELITE DANGEROUS instead. It has all of the above and more, is much more realistic (e.g. planets have gravity and you can crash and die if you get your landing wrong) with way better graphics and meaningful game progression. Watch a YouTube how to video, and you'll immediately see the difference. And way, way more importantly it has a developer who loves the game and has been invested in it since back when it was first released as a ground breaking wire-frame 3D back in 1984.None of this can be said about NMS in its current form.I might come back to visit NMS one day, but right now it's a pile of pixel-stank. Not worth a buy.Seriously, if you want to drop your coin on a space game, Elite Dangerous is the go.
Maxxh12	Not Recommended	52.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Maxxh12/	I will make it really clear:1: The game worked fine.then there was a update2: The game does not even launch anymore! 
Xezuka	Not Recommended	8.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/xezuka/	Nothing like what was advertised.
Gears	Not Recommended	14.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Gearsio/	Game does not come with everything promised. Current Steam trailer is not a good representation of what is currently in the game. If they push out free content updates and make this game worth $60, I will change this review. However, as it stands now, I do not recommend buying this game.
Adobe Photoshop	Not Recommended	38.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198011914050/	A year after game was prematurely slapped on our laps, what has become of it?Well I thought I'd try again, and credit where it's due they did try to un-♥♥♥♥ the♥♥♥♥♥♥storm, but similar to a feral cat with rabies, there's some things that just aren't redeemable. First of all - the previous updates leading to the "fixed it" one basically did nothing but gave useless vehicles and big ships with plants. If I wanted to set up a hydroponics station I wouldn't be doing it in a game lets just put it that way.Now what's offered is more story, more lore, better graphics and factions. So, basically what they promised from the get go. Well loading still takes 5min on an SSD, all at 3fps, I can hear my PC about to take off when it begins loading shaders which are too demanding for any system let alone my meme one. This brings me onto the next point, the specs are WRONG, you basically need a £3k+ PC to pull this♥♥♥♥♥♥off at high. Although I will say it is neat how the install is only around 7Gb. Unfortunately the graphical update also worstens FPS, adds pretty janky looking textures (better than before but still wack imo) but stops everything in space from just being bloody purple. I mean the lore is more interesting now but still sub-par if you compare it to any other decent story heavy game. I'd say wait another year and buy on a sale.
Gears	Not Recommended	14.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Gearsio/	Game does not come with everything promised. Current Steam trailer is not a good representation of what is currently in the game. If they push out free content updates and make this game worth $60, I will change this review. However, as it stands now, I do not recommend buying this game.
01110111 01100001 01110010	Not Recommended	8.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/tbolinger76/	I've got to be totally honest here... I did the pre-order months in advance. I was looking forward to this since day 1 of it being announced. The total product itself truly wasn't bad. The problem lies in the fact that it was VERY far off from what we were promised. Had I not put so much time into the game trying to find the things promised, I would've asked for a refund. I will not purchase another Hello Games product ever again.
ryanmboyle	Recommended	17.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198837408991/	My brother gamecasted (think that's what it's called, where I could watch him play on PS4), when the game first came out. He still thought it was multiplayer, and I kind of brushed it off as visually appealing but not for me...Then, I picked it up for $20 on Black Friday 2016, Quickly became my favorite game, and (mostly) gets even better with each update! I've sank over 300 hundred hours in on my "main" PS4 save, and built my first gaming PC almost two months ago, in order to enjoy the amazing mods that are out there - to keep me busy until NEXT releases one week from today. Awesome trailer today! I'm so stoked for this surprise gem of a game to get another massive overhaul. I'd literally all but stopped playing games, except for like Mortal Kombat when it first released!
_charon	Recommended	176.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/thatwasntsupposedtohappen/	After a rocky launch, No Man's Sky has grown into an excellent sandbox exploration game with light survival and management elements. If you like exploring in games, or very open sandbox games, you'll love this; if you're looking for a deep space simulation game, I'd look elsewhere.Also the art style is godlike
AceMaster	Recommended	9.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Ace170780/	It's a bit early to tell but after being bored to death by the initial launch this is definitly not the game I remember.  It's what it should have been 2 years ago.  Today it's a 8/10 easily and if they keep this up it could become a classic.  If there was ever a redemption story to tell in gaming history this will be the one.
eustisbuc	Recommended	113.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/eustisbuc/	1.3 Is a massive improvement. I reccomend anyone who gave up on this game or hasn't played it yet give it a chance, it's a very good game now.
Jacobious	Recommended	204.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198046052499/	After a long time can finally say buy this game. This game is now what it should have been on release and so much more!
the_norio	Not Recommended	3.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198033059805/	crashes instantly on opening. had to stare at crashed load screen for 5 minutes just to write this review. this will be the last pre-order i am dumb enough to fall for
Gabes	Not Recommended	28.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/sheepydeluxe/	I cannot put into words how badly Hello Games deceived everyone regarding this game. This is an unfinished product as far as I am concerned.+ Soundtrack- Ships have no variation and handle like crap. Only point to buying a new one is for the inventory space so that you can continue grinding for materials for 1000 hours. - Menu is shockingly optimised, poorly designed and a nightmare to navigate.- After a while planets start to lack variation.- Space combat is terrible.- Combat in general is as rudimental and basic as it comes.- No meaningful objectives such as side quests or anything of that nature.- All of the aliens are the same recycled NPCs. The same goes for any other event or ? icon that you find. No variation or thought put into the gameplay at all.- Riddled with bugs and glitches. This game is in no state for commercial release. - 60 dollars for a below par, unfinished and deceptive product.I could go on, but I would be typing for hours. This game might be worth a few dollars once all of the patches (paid DLC disguised as 'updates') fix it and hopefully make it better overall. As of now, Hello Games is a money-grabbing group of liars that sold dreams to the public in order to haev a nice cash-grab.
KnotMatt	Not Recommended	14.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/KnotMatt/	I wish I had short term memory loss, each planet wouldn't feel exactly the same. It's basically an abandoned early access game for the price of AAA game. Worth a try if it were $20 but it's a rip-off for $60.
Dr Blade52o	Not Recommended	75.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198128879575/	After spending $60 that I should have used on food and rent, I sat down to play No Man's Sky. For nearly three hours I explored a planet in awe similar to when you first played minecraft. Thats when I decided to take to space! Some time later I realized, this game is not what we were promised. So now that I lay here typing my last words due to malnourishment, I will have to say this final thing."LIFE SUPPORT LOW, POWER AT 75%"4/20 would blaze again.P.S. this game is garbage and boring.
Sorata	Not Recommended	1.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/justabot/	No Man's Sky? No anything's sky. It's barren, empty and pointless. Might as well jump into a blank game engine and move the camera around.
WaTaFuck	Not Recommended	49.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198072678767/	"NO MANS SKY WAS A MISTAKE"wp hello gamesWP
corgi007	Not Recommended	15.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Corgi007/	no
Dielmanar twitch.tv/2dads1stream	Not Recommended	30.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/dielmanar/	Dont purchase until they either update the game more or reduce the price by 50%Prob wont help but bam! https://www.change.org/p/hello-games-compensation-for-no-man-s-sky-players 
Marcus	Not Recommended	14.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/carsum/	Incredible waste of money.Played for 12 hours before I started seeing everything repeat itself. Animals all looked the same, plants all looked the same (wow another planet where everything looks like a mushroom, great), and environments are all the same (heat damage, toxic damage, cold damage, etc.) and have no functional changes.There is very little to do. After about 3 systems where I actively explored the planets, then realised there was no point and just started collecting enough resources to fuel my warp drive and move on.Basically, it's an empty "universe" and there is nothing to do.My refund request was denied, wish I applied for it earlier.
CrazyThang	Not Recommended	8.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/craziestofthangs/	Basically everything they promised was a lie. See the site below for more info.http://onemanslie.info/ 
[DOD]Knuckles	Not Recommended	13.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197982111209/	Why borhter writing a review at all. If you side with the Fan boys, you are attacked by the haters.If you side with the haters you are attacked by the fan boys.The game is flawed.The game REEKS of broken promises.And honestly, its rather boring once you have mined and upgraded and seen all the odd mis-shapen creatures you care to see.The ONLY thing new this game has is the sheer sze of the play field/field's.Even the procedural generation was done before.Elite come to mind for anyone else? And im not talking about "Elite Dangerous"Im talking about ELITE. See the excerpt below."Elite is a space trading video game, written and developed by David Braben and Ian Bell and originally published by Acornsoft for the BBC Micro and Acorn Electron computers in September 1984"Yes, THAT Elite. From back in 1984.So, honestly, there really is nothing new here.Dont even bother with this title.Not untill they add all the things they were SUPPOSED to have in the game from launch. And Even then, any add on should be FREE like Sean said THE DAY THE GAME was released.He even took THAT promise back. what a♥♥♥♥♥♥!!
LAm0r	Not Recommended	67.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197971019595/	Pay for lies
bamboni	Not Recommended	30.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/BamanboiYT/	Nominated for the "I'm Not Crying, There's Something In My Eye" award due to how depressingly awful it is
Inpachi	Not Recommended	145.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198066185874/	It's clearly not worth 60€.
Goblin IRL	Not Recommended	8.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/eggbong/	Product received for free
foxton	Not Recommended	265.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198171504439/	Update 18/12/2016:Playing No Man's Sky is a bit like trying to knock a house down by bouncing a rubber ball against the wall.Ultimately the only options available to you are to perform the same unsatisfying repetitive actions over and over again. If, against the odds, you actually succeed in breaking through the wall, you find one exactly the same behind it and have to start again.
Shekels	Not Recommended	49.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jewboi22/	Trailers cant be trusted - BE WARNED -READ THIS POST BEFORE YOU CONTINUE -Video - https://youtu.be/Kuz3WETd4ugReddit -https://www.reddit.com/r/NoMansSkyTheGame/comments/4y4i3a/wheres_the_nms_we_were_sold_on_front_page/#img17This game is a mile wide, but only a foot deep. If you enjoy survival games like minecraft, go look somewhere else, its only exploration and tracking meters. Game is not worth $60, wait for a sale if you really want this game."There's a massive difference between a your interpretation, a Minecraft-esque community around crafting (which is quite massive and in depth) and what he said, which is that people won't know the recipes in advance, just like they didn't in Minecraft and that the community will track which minerals are more likely to be found on which planets." - Mr_Dr0ne- THE SUN IS JUST A SKYBOX PAINTING!!!!- Ice planets close to the sun.- Ship functionality BASICALLY THE SAME!!!!!!!!- Sicence ships are just as sgood freighters and fighters are just as good Sicence Ships (really annyed there is no difference (only cosmetic)- NO CUSTOMIZATION - You buy your ship, thats your ship - A BROWN TURD - or green- Planet variety cut down (No desert planets - check origial trailers)- Eco Systems are non existant - (a little hard to deliver on, but no simple interactions between animals exisits)- BIG sentials dont just walk around on planets (I WISH THEY DID)- Portals in monoliths DONT EXIST (wtf where did they go)- NPC conversations are bland and generic- NPC are basically identical- Kill a bunch of one aliens people, they don't care (Standing means NOTHING)- Factions are meaningless- Dogfights are♥♥♥♥♥♥br>- Rivers (Far and few between)-
Overkill	Not Recommended	3.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/overkill803/	Sneaky lying devs
The Chemical Dragon	Not Recommended	35.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ChemicalHazard/	Pros:-Super Casuial Eliet Dangerous Lite??-Great Periodic table simulator - Get that Carbon!-Buy another game you want instead. Subnautica, or ARK. Cons:None of the features described to by Sean are in the game, this game has endless potential. But instead was released with a AAA price tag, and lacking everything that made it sound like it was worth $60.
Mattick	Not Recommended	62.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198021967229/	This is a $20 game. Not worth $60. 0/10  Would not do again.
nic_lindberg	Not Recommended	84.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198068097206/	Spent 50 hours looking for somthing meaingfull or worth while to achieve. nothing of the sort comes from the experience. aside from being able to land on a planet you see in the distance (which is cool), there arnt any fulfilling experinces. The atlas path and the journey to the center are boring and lack any real reward or meaning. this game lacks what it was promised in so many ways. One of which i am particularly disspointed in is the inability name my ship or upgrade it. (installing items is not upgrading it if i have to sell it or abandon it after working so hard on it.)I do not recommend buying this game, dispite how joyessly i awaited it and tried to forgive its flaws and lies.
jpcerutti	Not Recommended	80.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198086987153/	Great game to play for the short term - but the longer you play the worse it gets.Way overhyped and overpriced for what it delivers, which is a too easy to survive "survival" game, too quickly to become repetitive exploration game, and annoyingly grindy crafting game. Hopefully it gets patched enough or some DLC that addresses the shortcomings but until then it is not worth sixty bucks.Watch a Youtube video of someone playing - since you can do that for free and is the most enjoyable part of what you are capable of doing in the game... just looking at something you haven't yet seen. :(*Really* wanted to like this game, since endless procedural worlds is so promising. Kept thinking maybe I just need to see one more world, or if I put up with the time and grind of learning the alien's language, or if I make it to the center of the galaxy it will all be worth it.IT IS NOT.
nic_lindberg	Not Recommended	84.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198068097206/	Spent 50 hours looking for somthing meaingfull or worth while to achieve. nothing of the sort comes from the experience. aside from being able to land on a planet you see in the distance (which is cool), there arnt any fulfilling experinces. The atlas path and the journey to the center are boring and lack any real reward or meaning. this game lacks what it was promised in so many ways. One of which i am particularly disspointed in is the inability name my ship or upgrade it. (installing items is not upgrading it if i have to sell it or abandon it after working so hard on it.)I do not recommend buying this game, dispite how joyessly i awaited it and tried to forgive its flaws and lies.
guillotine	Not Recommended	17.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198045532991/	I will start off by saying the game is entertaining and I enjoy it but with its current host of issues running for many people and the terrible degredation of frame rate if you play for long enough not to mention the lack of many aspects of gameplay that were claimed to be provided but never were, it is not worth the full price. If you have the disposable income necessary to not worry about the price then I would say get it but if the $60 dollars is all you would have to spend on games then I recommend spending it more wisely as there are much better games out there for cheaper. I hope to see them continue patching the game and eventually reaching the type of game that many of us hoped it could be.
jpcerutti	Not Recommended	80.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198086987153/	Great game to play for the short term - but the longer you play the worse it gets.Way overhyped and overpriced for what it delivers, which is a too easy to survive "survival" game, too quickly to become repetitive exploration game, and annoyingly grindy crafting game. Hopefully it gets patched enough or some DLC that addresses the shortcomings but until then it is not worth sixty bucks.Watch a Youtube video of someone playing - since you can do that for free and is the most enjoyable part of what you are capable of doing in the game... just looking at something you haven't yet seen. :(*Really* wanted to like this game, since endless procedural worlds is so promising. Kept thinking maybe I just need to see one more world, or if I put up with the time and grind of learning the alien's language, or if I make it to the center of the galaxy it will all be worth it.IT IS NOT.
Mr.GrumpyButt	Not Recommended	97.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198281031690/	Giant universe to contain a small single player game with very little content, and overall feels like an Alpha, maybe a Beta.  Too bad guys, you missed a giant opportunity.
sbds child	Not Recommended	57.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/spaceallen/	Do not recommend to the average consumer.Let me get this straight, I LOVED the first 6 or 7 hours of this game. It was stunning. -The graphics, while simple, are beautiful in the right situation.-The feeling of being able to launch into space, boost to another planet, land, rinse and repeat is easily one of the most groundbreaking feelings out there. -The design of everything in this game is so special. From the geometric space stations, to the grass on a lush planet, to the crystalized formations of minerals, to the ships and tools themselves, it is very unique and nice to look at.There are so many good things about this game. You are probably confused about why I'm not recommending it after all of this, right?The problem is, the cons simply outweigh the pros.-The gameplay gets very repetitive, and managing each aspect of your inventory is downright annoying.-If I hear "Technology Recharged" one more time I'm going to throw myself into the vacuum of the cosmos in nothing but my underwear.-There just isn't enough. As you've probably heard a million times, "Wide as an Ocean, Deep as a Puddle." (More on this later.)-Too many different performance problems across different rigs.-Combat just doesn't have enough depth. I'm not saying there should be a FOCUS on combat, but it needs to be more than aim and M1. (Which is hard enough on its own with these controls).-Controls for flight are hardly responsive in atmosphere. For some reason they felt it was necessary to not let your spaceship get within 1,000 feet of the surface (hyperbole), and whenever you do, controls just stop working. I can't go up, I can't turn, etc. Definitely not what we saw in trailers.There are so many more nitpicky stuff I can get into, but it would take me all day.The big problem I have isn't that Sean Murray "lied" or anything. Hello Games really didn't say ANYTHING about the game's features. That's the main issue. Because we knew nothing, our minds ran wild with ideas. I never believed we would get multiplayer. I never believed we would get a fleshed out story. I never believed we would even get to shoot things up until I figured out I could. The utter silence from HG on what we do and don't have ruined the game for many people.If you like games where you have no real goals and you just run around and do whatever, I would recommend at least LOOKING INTO this game. I can't recommend getting it. The game can't even live up to that. There just isn't enough you can do. In other sandboxes, there are far more options to play with. There's only really 3 things you can do in this game. Fly, Recharge, Collect. All of these things blend together too much in order to be really different from each other. We were showed 3 main pillars of the game that sort of served as "paths" the player can follow. That was all but a lie.Paths:-NO specialization of ships, Suits, diplomacy, trading, etc. for the Trader path. The only trading you do is selling whatever you've happened to pick up along the way at a terminal. There are no "trader ships."-NO specialization of ships, suits, factions, combat, etc. for the Fighter path. Pirating ships isn't rewarding in the slightest. There isn't a large enough difference in ship stats to make a difference in combat, which is shallow at best. There are no "fighting ships." I never saw a single fleet battle in all my hours of play, and only one pirate attack.-NO specialization of ships, suits, tools, etc. for the Explorer path. You'd think that there would be at least SOMETHING different, right? Np. There is no difference in any path.The thing that finally turned this game off for me was the lack of any goal. I never expected a "story mode" or quests, but this is just ridiculous. They say the goal is to "reach the center of the galaxy," but even that seems to have been a lie. At the supposed center there is just a warp to ANOTHER GALAXY REGION. I've heard theories about "a secret story" and "THE REAL ENDING," but that is hardly a good thing.Conclusion: No Man's Sky was just not enough for the ambition it radiated. The game was just not enough to be what it should've been. The gameplay is stale and repetitive, and cannot support the experience. There just isn't enough. After a solid couple of hours, you feel like you've done it all. If you like repetitive games, take a look, but don't be surprised if it's not for you. Hello Games didn't advertise what their game was, just what it should've been.And now that they may start doing paid DLC for stuff that should've been in the game in the first place, nah, I'm out.
Mattick	Not Recommended	62.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198021967229/	This is a $20 game. Not worth $60. 0/10  Would not do again.
Overkill	Not Recommended	3.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/overkill803/	Sneaky lying devs
The Chemical Dragon	Not Recommended	35.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ChemicalHazard/	Pros:-Super Casuial Eliet Dangerous Lite??-Great Periodic table simulator - Get that Carbon!-Buy another game you want instead. Subnautica, or ARK. Cons:None of the features described to by Sean are in the game, this game has endless potential. But instead was released with a AAA price tag, and lacking everything that made it sound like it was worth $60.
davidcommons	Not Recommended	180.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198012692223/	its high time the gaming industry was regulated like other industries, Hello games/ Sean Murray have sold a broken, unfinished "concept demo" that lacks huge parts of the promised content at full AAA premium price and there is not 1 class action law suit to be seen.this needs to be stopped.I'm ashamed this was released by a British developer.
sinephase	Not Recommended	32.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/sinephase/	Boring, unpolished. I want the game that was advertised. Steam needs to refund anyone who wants a refund because of the illegal marketing leading up to the game's released.
PlasteredDragon	Not Recommended	16.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/plastereddragon/	This is the "Spore" of 2016.  A game that promised way more than it could deliver.  An open universe where you fly from world to world, star to star.  Planets with unique ecosystems, some barren, some brimming with life.  Man that would be a great game.If planets have animals they're going to have somewhere between 5 and 15 varieties ... on the whole planet.  For plants it will be less. There's no concept of biomes at all.  Once you land on a world and spend a minute walking around, you can leave, you've seen everything the planet has to offer.  If that's all there is, making a huge planet is just a waste of time, why bother?Furthermore there is a remarkable sameness from world to world.  Once you've seen a cave on one world, you have literally seen every cave on every world.  None of them are inhabited.  Certain key resources (platinum, zinc, "thamium9") come from flowers (for some inexplicable reason) and the flowers pretty much look identical on every world.The creatures you come across are depressing.  Rather than creatively designing rules that evolve creatures for the environment they are in, instead the game seems to simply roll dice and create unrealistic chimeras by combining parts of earth animals "deer head, cat paws, antlers, ..." etc.  Nothing seems particularly unique to No Man's Sky and once you've encountered a few creatures, you'll note that the "toolbox" of "creature parts" is pretty small.Worlds don't appear to be inhabited by intelligent life as you might expect... there are no "cities" or "towns".  You will occasionally come across a shelter that might have ONE alien in it, but no evidence of any sort of indigenous intelligence or even small settlements.  Interactions with aliens boil down to multiple choice questions.  Get the right answer and you might get a few resources or units of currency--but no sweeping arc of any grand story is affected by your interactions.The controls are bad, particularly the flight controls, oftentimes you have to try to land your ship without being able to see what you are landing on, or fight in space without being able to see what you are supposed to be shooting at.  A number of interface decisions in the game are just downright wonky (on the PC version anyway).Ultimately this appears to be a thin veneer of a game that can't possibly measure up to how it was billed by the makers.  You can probably get a few hours of fun out of it but the novelty wears off real quick. You wouldn't expect a game which takes an entire galaxy as it's setting to be far far FAR less detailed and immersive than say "Skyrim" but it is, and that's just sad.For the amount of entertainment it offers, the game would be appropriately priced at $14.99.  I picked it up on sale for $35, and that was still too much money.  If you are desperate to try it, my advice is wait.  It *will* be selling dirt cheap some day, there's just not enough here to warrant anything more.
Tjonteh™	Recommended	44.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198051962324/	Kudos to Hello Games for continuing the development of NMS. It's a lot of fun now!
hallroy.	Not Recommended	6.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198035688356/	Not the best experience for me. I kept mining the same 3 things for 6 hours, simply to get from galaxy to galaxy. The worlds are impressive at first, but fall stale and feel the same quickly. You're greatly limited in your exploration (on the planets) due to lack of gear upgrades on ealry game. You get completly obliterated by pirates ship with no real way of escaping of fighting back. Maybe it's just how this game is designed, or maybe I just suck at it, but it just wasn't a fun experience for me.
yummyjulie	Not Recommended	27.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198029871315/	Had high hopes for this game, however didn't live up to expectations.  Becomes very repetitive quickly, and all the outposts, relics, etc. are very much the same.  Very disappointed for a $60 game.  Would get a refund if I could.Ran well, no bugs, just boring.
Ailurophile	Not Recommended	1.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SirEpictakeaway/	Best joke of 2016
Xeano	Not Recommended	3.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/xeano/	Played it for 2 hours lost interest, nothing kept me compelled to keep playing.
DreadPirateRoberts	Not Recommended	31.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/elmuerte08154711/	If you liked GODUS you will love No Man's Sky. Sean Murray is the next Peter Molyneux.
ragtimesp	Recommended	1.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ragtimesp/	Just bought the game on Steam for the 1.3 Update launch, but I've got over 100 hours played on PS4. Bought it (on PS4) when it came out and I was disappointed, to say the least... But I had hope the game would get better with updates.Updates 1.1 and 1.2 added a lot to gameplay, but 1.3 is incredible. It's a completely overhaul. Textures look amazing, crashed freighters, portals, 30 hours of story, new ships, the first step for multiplayer... It's worth the money!Great game.
Sergeant Toast	Not Recommended	78.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/magicleprechaun/	At release this was a very good basis for a game, it had some content, a good premise, a unique gimic, and great graphics, but as for actual playability the game was somewhat empty, the only goal was to try to make it to the centre of the galaxy with very little reason to do so.In my opinion what the game needed to round it out into an amazing gaming experience was plentiful, but did not include removing or redoing what was already there, essentially, all they needed to do was realise they had made an incomplete product and then finish it, as for finishing it, I would say the key features they needed to add were the following:Game Mechanics:1) Some sort of base-building ability2) The ability to purchase capital ships and modify them in the same way you do your smaller craft3) A far more advanced stellar mapping system that allows you to see the galaxy as a whole and plot your own courses, allowing meet-ups with friends (though this may still take weeks to reach an agreed destination) and for you to keep track of visited worlds4) Some sort of faction system allowing bases to be shared between other faction members and allowing you to recruit NPCs, maybe even claim territory which can be taken by other players and vice versaFixes:1) A few fixes to stop exploits which allow infinite crashed ship spawns on 1 planet2) True Multiplayer (the fact that you could never actually interract with another player in the same map was disappointing3) More difficult survivalThe fact that they have released a new update is encouraging especially since they have intrudocued several of the features that I stated above would complete the game, namely more difficult survival, base building and capital ship purchasing, thats actually almost half the list checked off.The main problem with this game though is that a game can either focus on giving the player something complicated to do or letting multiple players make something to do for themselves, but this game seemed to try to do both without actually giving a multiplayer.I think that if they continue to develop the game and listen to the more constructive criticism without completely compromising the game's original concept, this could still turn into a real winner of a game, however, they have some serious credit to win back with the playerbase, so its an uphill battle for them, I just hope they can make it, because before I ran out of things to do (which admittedly took way too little time) this game was actually quite fun.For now I dont recommend this game, however I do recommend you keep an eye on it because there is a chance, however small, that this game could still turn out to be a real winner in the future.
Lesath	Not Recommended	5.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/leoficz/	Well, I bought that to try myself despite all the negative reviews. Next time I'll trust the reviews.
p1smo	Not Recommended	39.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198060591491/	I won't waste time trying to explain what many others before me have said better than I ever could so I'll be blunt: Don't buy this game. I've been on Steam for years and this is the first review I've ever felt compelled to leave out of genuine frustration at wasting $60 on this hollow shell of a game, and this is coming from someone that didn't pay any attention to the NMS hype and came into this game with zero expectations. To say the least I feel ripped off. I won't support Hello Games or anything Sean Murray is associated with again.
BigCara	Not Recommended	3.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198018412535/	Only played for a few hours but have already requested and got a refund. The first planet was amazing, 2nd planet was pretty amazing but strangly similar to the first but it was yellow, and the 3rd planet was very similar to the other 2 but a differnt color and a bit colder. The game play even at this early stage appeared to lack any direction and was incredibly repetitive.While the concept of tons and tons of planets seems cool in reality it is just cut the mustard without there being some other substance to the game. Hugely disappointed"Don't believe the hype" Public Enemy
Korvacs	Not Recommended	40.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Korvacs/	Cannot recommend the game with it's current price tag, there simply isn't the content to justify it. The fact that this store page actively falsely advertises this product is appauling, half of the content shown in the screenshots and videos simply does not exist in the game.I'm currently persuing a 50% refund (on the grounds of false advertising) to get the price down to what would be deemed an acceptable selling point for what the game actually is, a vast open world resource collecting/consuming simulator set in space. You need not leave the first planet to experience 95% of what the game has to offer, do not bother.
Zampi	Not Recommended	18.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198073398301/	the biggest lie of the gaming world i wanted the refund couldnt get cause of the hours but after six hours (i dont know how i played that long) i would say dont make the same mistake i did ... dont support this f@@@@g scammers
NytroShark	Not Recommended	10.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/NytroShark/	One mans lie made no mans sky.
loludied	Not Recommended	18.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/lolyoudied111/	Shut up and give me my money.
Lesath	Not Recommended	5.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/leoficz/	Well, I bought that to try myself despite all the negative reviews. Next time I'll trust the reviews.
FredFraiche	Not Recommended	20.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/fredfraiche/	Don't believe the hype.
Something Appropriate	Not Recommended	9.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/HRMQueenVictoria/	If you want a game where your only meaningful action is to look at (occasionally) pretty, single-biome planets, by all means, enjoy. But don't buy No Man's Sky if you expect any more depth out of it. In spite of all their promises, Hello Games simply did not deliver on most of the promises they made of this game. Spaceflight, crafting, resource diversity, faction interactions, space battle, and NPCs in general all suffer from a complete lack of depth.
OzzyLee	Not Recommended	68.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198072320048/	False Advertising.
Something Appropriate	Not Recommended	9.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/HRMQueenVictoria/	If you want a game where your only meaningful action is to look at (occasionally) pretty, single-biome planets, by all means, enjoy. But don't buy No Man's Sky if you expect any more depth out of it. In spite of all their promises, Hello Games simply did not deliver on most of the promises they made of this game. Spaceflight, crafting, resource diversity, faction interactions, space battle, and NPCs in general all suffer from a complete lack of depth.
XenoDeki	Not Recommended	0.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198072385989/	I don't know why I bought this game but for anyone planning to buy this for me, it isn't worth buying to be honest despite the fact I like gathering/collecting games in general. Very minimal content and redundant gameplay. Better stick to Rust/ARKS/Minecraft/7 Days to Die for better game experience and value for money. This game is mainly for those who like the space exploration/sci-fi element but if you're looking for something other than what I said above, then look for another game. #NoMansBuy #NoMansRefund
Lenovo Customer Service	Not Recommended	46.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/HorrifyingJello/	I continued playing because I hoped that I would grow to love this game. After going back and looking at the numerous screenshots and videos, I finally realized what was wrong, I was playing a hollow shell of a game that I had put all my hopes and dreams into.The marketing of this game shows the discrepancy between what was once promised, and what the final product was. It pains me to give this game this recommendation, but I feel that is necessary for the deceiving nature of the developers regarding this gameGet it on sale
VanDerPowah	Not Recommended	46.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197981350049/	The game, for what it is, is solid. But it's $20 indi-game sold for $60.
Lily - LunarSleigher	Not Recommended	15.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198016761464/	its alright, nothing amazing, nothing horrible. waste of money but ive wasted more money on worse games
Yuma	Not Recommended	16.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/pulsivestrike/	Guys! Have I got a game for you!In this glorfied minecraft lacking clone you get- Inventory Management- Inventory Managemnet on planets with diferent colors.......oooooooooooo!- Inventory Management in space....ahhhhhhhhhhhh!- The same amount of thought put into a dennys kids crossword puzzle - UI Design done by someone fired from Bungie- Game mechanics that were made by somone slapping a keyboard with copy of NMSWhat a steaming pile of trash, I mean did you guys even play your own game?I'm gonna call it now so when it happends no one will be suprised.Everything that was supposed to be in the game/ said to be in the game, has been cut for DLC (Destiny Style)GREAT WORK GENTLEMEN! GRADE A STUFF ;)
boxman	Not Recommended	36.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198088579320/	I do not recommend buying this game unless you fancy paying AAA price for a product that completely fails to deliver on many of the features promised, leaving basically a shell of a game that is more of a tech demo. On top of that it has for many people serious performance and/or stability issues.This is the first game that for me has made me felt like a victim of a scam due to the continual dishonesty of the studio and main developer behind this game.
evildagmar	Not Recommended	354.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/evildagmar/	Despite all the work that has been done, this game is *still* incredibly buggy, frequently nonsensical, and basically... not worth the money they're asking.  If anything, the new features have included more bugs and made gameplay even more frustrating.How is it "fun" to have to collect vocabulary words in order to understand what aliens are saying, or to solve their riddles, when there are literally hundreds of these and no way to collect more than three or four an hour?Flight is ridiuculously oversimplied.  Physics are relatively meaningless.  The "storyline", such that it is, will simply make you angry if you actually follow it for more than the few hours it takes to uncover the extent of it.
Z U C C	Not Recommended	12.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198067771965/	Terribly dissapointed. Spent the first 8 hours trying to find all of the cool features the developers mentioned in interviews only to be dissapointed to find that almost none of them are present in the actual game. If you're interested in it based purely on what has been said by Shaun Murray in interveiws he's been in, or even E3 coverage, don't buy this product. If the videos on the product page looked interesting to you, don't buy this product as most of said videos show content which doesn't even exist in the game itself. Nothing but lies and greed to be found here.
Nevermore	Not Recommended	9.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/littlemacmain/	Prettiest benchmarking tool on Steam, but Heaven Benchmark is cheaper, get that
Lesath	Not Recommended	5.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/leoficz/	Well, I bought that to try myself despite all the negative reviews. Next time I'll trust the reviews.
loludied	Not Recommended	18.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/lolyoudied111/	Shut up and give me my money.
Korvacs	Not Recommended	40.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Korvacs/	Cannot recommend the game with it's current price tag, there simply isn't the content to justify it. The fact that this store page actively falsely advertises this product is appauling, half of the content shown in the screenshots and videos simply does not exist in the game.I'm currently persuing a 50% refund (on the grounds of false advertising) to get the price down to what would be deemed an acceptable selling point for what the game actually is, a vast open world resource collecting/consuming simulator set in space. You need not leave the first planet to experience 95% of what the game has to offer, do not bother.
Zampi	Not Recommended	18.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198073398301/	the biggest lie of the gaming world i wanted the refund couldnt get cause of the hours but after six hours (i dont know how i played that long) i would say dont make the same mistake i did ... dont support this f@@@@g scammers
SamsWrath	Not Recommended	99.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SamsWrath/	99 hours in and there's nothing worthwhile left to do. In fact, the last 50 hours have been mind-numbingly repetitive and boring. The monotony put me to sleep on more than one occasion which, usually caused me to fly or walk past my intended destination.Within the first 50 hours of this game I had a maxed out ship (48 slots), maxed out exosuit (48 slots) and maxed out multitool (24 slots). Each of them have ALL the upgrades aside from the 1 blueprint that appears to be glitched as I have found it numerous times--most recently to the dialog, "Already Known" yet, it refuses to appear in my blueprint list.The later 50 hours I put into this game were spent flying to numerous planets, learning all 3 alien languages (in hopes there might be some cool lore--I was very disappointed) and shooting frigates because I was bored and why not right?There may be 18 quintillion planets in this game but, most of them look the same and the animals you find recycle the same assets over and over. I've found at least 20 animals with the same damn seal face. In fact, I am so sick of seeing that seal face that I punch any animal that has it. Maybe Hello Games will get their♥♥♥♥♥♥together and give us some substantive patches but, I doubt it. I imagine that most future patches will be superficial in nature and will do nothing to add depth to this boring/bland game.***UPDATE 11/24/16NMS is still the biggest disappointment of 2016.
p1smo	Not Recommended	39.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198060591491/	I won't waste time trying to explain what many others before me have said better than I ever could so I'll be blunt: Don't buy this game. I've been on Steam for years and this is the first review I've ever felt compelled to leave out of genuine frustration at wasting $60 on this hollow shell of a game, and this is coming from someone that didn't pay any attention to the NMS hype and came into this game with zero expectations. To say the least I feel ripped off. I won't support Hello Games or anything Sean Murray is associated with again.
D3m0nlk	Not Recommended	21.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/D3m0nlk/	Avoid this game at all costs.  Its not worth the $60.  I can go on a long rant about this horrible game and about how the devs lied to the player base.  Instead Im gonna give you guys a link.  This guy explains so much.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uTTPlqK8AnYBottom line, **** this game.
cream-sun	Not Recommended	2.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Nomnomnom/	Developers lied about the game. The stuff in the trailers is fake. This game is as big as our universe (bigger actually) but as thrilling and deep as a puddle.
Basshead	Not Recommended	12.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/aaronkeogh/	Most disappointing game I have played in a very long time. Would not recommend.
JakersGamers	Not Recommended	95.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/JakersGamers/	I'm not reccomending this game, I never write reviews and feel it's important to do so. All the information surriounding this game has been misleading, and while at first the game is fun, new and fresh it quickly turns into a tedious grind to update your suit and ship. Beyond this it turns into a 6 hour UI clicking map simulator, as you hit M to open the map, click a star, watch a glowy animation, and pop out at a new star, rinse and repeat... for 6 hours (and that's without refuling).Just, do yourselfe a favour and don't be fooled into getting it.
evildagmar	Not Recommended	354.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/evildagmar/	Despite all the work that has been done, this game is *still* incredibly buggy, frequently nonsensical, and basically... not worth the money they're asking.  If anything, the new features have included more bugs and made gameplay even more frustrating.How is it "fun" to have to collect vocabulary words in order to understand what aliens are saying, or to solve their riddles, when there are literally hundreds of these and no way to collect more than three or four an hour?Flight is ridiuculously oversimplied.  Physics are relatively meaningless.  The "storyline", such that it is, will simply make you angry if you actually follow it for more than the few hours it takes to uncover the extent of it.
JakersGamers	Not Recommended	95.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/JakersGamers/	I'm not reccomending this game, I never write reviews and feel it's important to do so. All the information surriounding this game has been misleading, and while at first the game is fun, new and fresh it quickly turns into a tedious grind to update your suit and ship. Beyond this it turns into a 6 hour UI clicking map simulator, as you hit M to open the map, click a star, watch a glowy animation, and pop out at a new star, rinse and repeat... for 6 hours (and that's without refuling).Just, do yourselfe a favour and don't be fooled into getting it.
scalvaia	Not Recommended	532.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198045217227/	Simply put this game is FAR FAR FAR short of what was expected or advertised.Wheres the meat in the meat pie?once you got the basic acheiveables full inventory slots on self , ship and tool whats the aim / goalapart from trying to be a space pirate and attack freighters gameplay is done.Running is painful without MOD , no base building, no storage lockers, no real aliens to interact with space station run by 1 alien get real dudes,no alien cities, crappy flying models cant see stuff on ground properly when flying over it, distance draw for asteroids and planets is annoying at best.There a be a hole in this bucket dear liza a HOLE!! and my money got sucked into it and right into the devs sports cars and boats cos they certainly didn't spend it on the game.my first review ever and pretty much if i could go back knowing the game like it is i would save my money and play another game.
Toadfish Rebecchi	Not Recommended	23.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/marpip/	After foregoing my better judgement and becoming caught up in the hype, I was so ecstatic when No Man's Sky was released. Luckily, I had no start up issues and played straight away. I was always in a constant state of suspense like "I bet an insane, mind-boggling moment is just about to happen"...but unfortunately they just don't. Ever. No Man's Sky kind of sucks but it is important, as it lays a base-plate/model concept for games to build on and actually deliver what wasn't promised, but what was implied (SUCH AS STAR CITIZEN CHECK IT OUT). Sean Murray, although he's been pointed out to be contradictory, fooled us all. I look back retrospectively through all the YouTube videos and IGN coverage and it all makes sense. He showed us what was in the game, and our minds ran wild with the 'coulds'...unfortunately, he made no effort to correct speculation, or quell unwarranted hype because it was free marketing for Hello Games. If you were Sean Murray (a deceptive dawg), and you were making a game and suddenly it was the most hyped game of the last 5 years and you knew you were about to be made filthy, filthy rich. Would you tell people "Don't get carried away!" or would you just let it simmer and people be disappointed.I feel and think we would all want to make the right choice, but many of us would be corrupted. However, in saying that, he must wear sole responsibility for this collosal FU.Hope you rot, Sean.Toadie from Neighbours.
CapnMatt: Ham Bedsheets	Not Recommended	7.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/CapnNoodle/	Eat my balls
Gas Head	Not Recommended	30.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198018157189/	After 17 hours of playtime, I have done everything there is to do in a procedual generated universe.
Skillator	Not Recommended	24.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198026338505/	Get ready to repeat the same thing over and over without any purpose other than getting a new ship. This game, despite looking nice sometimes offers you lots of planets with basically the same stuff in them for you to suck up with a vacuum cleaner and sell for credits. And you can learn languages one.word.at.a.time.So why a thumbs down?1. The end just sends you to the beginning minus your stuff.2. Your only real goal is to make a ship with more space to hold stuff you sell to get a bigger ship.3. There are no species to interact with4. All the cool game stuff they said was in the game is not in the game
Dreej	Not Recommended	70.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198078244829/	60€ for this is way, way, way too much.I'd suggest people waiting for a price drop and added features before buying this.
melano	Not Recommended	97.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198083357873/	Big world small reward.Highly bugged and frustrating.
Ostheim	Recommended	100.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/082791/	I guess my opinion on this game is different because I didn't get caught up in all the hype and I wasn't one who pre-ordered etc. I bought this game on sale after the 1.2 patch came out - leery of my purchase after all of the drama, of course, but it seemed like they were dedicated to improving the game so I gave it a chance. It was neat, and a fun way to relax and do some space exploration but it was lacking in many ways. Overall I wasn't dissapointed - it would be a fun game to pick up once in a while. But WOW with the latest 1.3 patch this game is a totally different experience. So many improvements to every single aspect. The menus (WOW A WORKING, USEFUL, FULL OF DATA GALAXY MAP), UI, graphics, gameplay, economy, combat - everything. This is such a vast improvement and only makes me wish that Hello Games was able to take their time and finish the game properly the way they wanted to. This proves they are capable of making a good game and, more importantly, WANT to make a good game. If you like this kind of game and have been on the fence, now is the time to give it a chance, totally worth it especially on sale. 
Gas Head	Not Recommended	30.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198018157189/	After 17 hours of playtime, I have done everything there is to do in a procedual generated universe.
Skillator	Not Recommended	24.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198026338505/	Get ready to repeat the same thing over and over without any purpose other than getting a new ship. This game, despite looking nice sometimes offers you lots of planets with basically the same stuff in them for you to suck up with a vacuum cleaner and sell for credits. And you can learn languages one.word.at.a.time.So why a thumbs down?1. The end just sends you to the beginning minus your stuff.2. Your only real goal is to make a ship with more space to hold stuff you sell to get a bigger ship.3. There are no species to interact with4. All the cool game stuff they said was in the game is not in the game
melano	Not Recommended	97.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198083357873/	Big world small reward.Highly bugged and frustrating.
Ostheim	Recommended	100.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/082791/	I guess my opinion on this game is different because I didn't get caught up in all the hype and I wasn't one who pre-ordered etc. I bought this game on sale after the 1.2 patch came out - leery of my purchase after all of the drama, of course, but it seemed like they were dedicated to improving the game so I gave it a chance. It was neat, and a fun way to relax and do some space exploration but it was lacking in many ways. Overall I wasn't dissapointed - it would be a fun game to pick up once in a while. But WOW with the latest 1.3 patch this game is a totally different experience. So many improvements to every single aspect. The menus (WOW A WORKING, USEFUL, FULL OF DATA GALAXY MAP), UI, graphics, gameplay, economy, combat - everything. This is such a vast improvement and only makes me wish that Hello Games was able to take their time and finish the game properly the way they wanted to. This proves they are capable of making a good game and, more importantly, WANT to make a good game. If you like this kind of game and have been on the fence, now is the time to give it a chance, totally worth it especially on sale. 
Matty moo	Recommended	93.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198079964433/	It's amazing how they transformed this game into what it is today.
Tahla	Recommended	66.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/brunncat/	I've owned No Man's Sky from launch, and played it for around 25 hours then before losing interest. It was slow, it was repetitive, and it lacked depth.  There was very little to actually DO- I didn't much care for all the drama around the hype; it was disappointing yes, but my main issues were the lack of things to do.Now that there've been some updates, the game is much, much better! It's still slow, and it's still repeptitive. But if you enjoy a solo experience where you do the grind and get the rewards, it's a good game. It still has some major flaws in my opinion, mostly lost opportunities- all the bases, and space stations look the same with only exceedingly minor differences. There's still only like, 3 people in a space station, and the conversations and interactions are just as shallow as before. The pilots of the ships that dock at trade ports and space stations never get out of their ships- overall, the universe is a lonely feeling place, with just the barest of hints at the life and cultures around you. The overhyped 'random creatures' you find on planets are all still very, very samey, as is all the planets plant life. Supposedly that's been updated as well, but I haven't really traveled very far in the 40 hours I've played since the latest update, and haven't seen anything I hadn't seen the first time around. That's not to say you don't find neat things, and I have for sure, but MOST of the fauna I've encountered have all looked much the same across the planets I've visited.All around though, it's a better experience. There are minor quests you can do to earn some money and items. There's a new and improved main quest chain to work on, probably the best addition I've noticed, which leads you through building a base, and getting your land rover thingy, as well as upgrades and craftables. There's much more of a goal in mind than 'fly around between planets'. Flying the ships feels good, and every ship feels different in it's maneuverability; space combat feels better as well, provided you've outfitted your ship with weapons and upgrades and own one with decent manueverability. You can also buy the enormous Freighters that warp in near space stations, and keep multiple ships on them, though they're exceedingly expensive and it's a late game prospect. The graphics are great, though there are some stylistic choices that some people don't like. I think they're fine.  I'm personally not a huge fan of the menus and UI, but it does the job. Some things are still frustratingly random, like finding upgrades you want, or new multitools, or decent ships.It's nice that the developers have continued to work on the game- there's still a LOT they could do, and I hope they continue, but they've made a good effort so far and persisted despite the hate train around their game, which is commendable. They've done enough now that I could happily recommend this game to the right person.So yeah, I'd recommend this game for sure-IF you do proper research and know what you're getting. Don't go into it expecting it to be something that it isn't and get upset about it. Watch some videos and read the RECENT in depth reviews. Know that it's a very time consuming game, that's focused around exploration, and it's slow to play. It rewards time and effort, and you need to know if those rewards are going to be enough payoff for you. It's a gorgeous game and a great experience, but only for the right person!
Signy	Recommended	348.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/goatelope/	Regardless of how bad NMS's launch was, Hello Games has made the game better after every free update. It's great to see such dedication and the hint for more to come, especially while sticking to their promises of zero microtransactions.
Gorgeous Freeman	Not Recommended	6.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ThatFreeMan/	I originally recommended NMS, at a discount sure. Although after seeing all of the cut content, which was gutted for absolutely no ♥♥♥♥ing reason, I simply CANNOT recommend this game to ANYONE. Huge segments were cut out months before release, why? Nobody ♥♥♥♥ing knows, probably to be sold as DLC because Hello Games didn't get enough cash from all of the hype they generated.There is so much content missing it felt like I was playing an EA alpha. All of the cool things like space battles between factions are gone, desert planets are gone, trading ships landing and taking off are gone. Ripped out for god knows why. A mile wide but an inch deep perfectly describes this game and I regret buying it. Hello Games doesn't care though, Sean or however the ♥♥♥♥ you spell it doesn't care, he's happy so long as he continues to con people out of their money with his lies and broken promises. Someone should ♥♥♥♥ing sue this company for false advertisement. Multiplayer? Nope, that's gone. Unique ships of different classes? Nope, also gone. Naming a particular type of ship and then anyone with that type of ship having that name? Guess what, that's ♥♥♥♥ing gone too. NMS builds up the goal of getting to the center of your "universe" or a galaxy but there's nothing there, someone went through 11 galaxies and nothing. I cannot recommend this overhyped, unfinished piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ No Man's Sky? More like No Man's Buy. ♥♥♥♥ this game. Big reviewers can explain it better than I, Angry Joe has made a much better review, but at this point I don't ♥♥♥♥ing care, I've already been scammed. Have fun with my £40 Sean you ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uTTPlqK8AnY*EDIT*https://www.reddit.com/r/NoMansSkyTheGame/comments/4zlqpw/went_back_to_my_starting_planet_and_every/It would seem that player discoveries are being wiped, so all of your hard work is for nothing.*EDIT AGAIN*Steam have now allowed anyone to refund this "game" regardless of play time, so you can actually get your money back. Thank you Valve!*EDIT FOR THE FINAL (I HOPE) TIME*I have now received a refund, and I couldn't be happier. Thank you Valve and Steam Support!
Waniel	Recommended	21.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198064575900/	Incredible patch. Very good game now.
Altrue	Not Recommended	10.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/altrue/	Objectively not a bad game, but it is:- Not worth its price- Not in a release state performance wise, there is very frequent hitching.- Not as advertised (I'm not talking about vague promises, I'm talking about fake gameplay trailers like this one here :https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nLtmEjqzg7M&feature=youtu.be&t=2m23s)- Riddled with gameplay oversights and bugsI cannot recommend this game, not because it is not worth buying at all, but because it is not worth buying in this current state at this current price.= Story is an odd 6/10, because it is both interesting and way too scarce.= Graphisms are a 4/10 at best, it's uglier than the fake gameplay trailers, and the procedural generation is VERY visible, the terrain barely has time to generate before you reach it. The planets do NOT look alike at all when comparing the view from space and on the ground.= Sound is a 5/10, it's okay, and some creatures make really cute noises, but the UI voice is just obnoxious. Compared to Elite Dangerous this is even more prevalent since you can see what an amazing sound design, sounds like.= Gameplay is a 3/10: The procedural generation is good, but the game revolves around constantly going back to the same small set of pre-built structures... What the hell?= Controls is a 1/10: Flight gameplay is a horrible, Land gameplay is only passable because of a bug that enables you to move faster than you should.Should be priced 20€ / 25$
hungry crocodiles	Not Recommended	14.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/veryverygoodmemes/	Overall - Pretty Poor90% of the planets are the same - and the ones that aren't are rare. In 15 hours of playtime, I found 2 planets that didn't fit into the same red-rock mould; 1 moon with some snow, and 1 flora planet.Fauna is nowhere near as complex as shown in game demos. Food chains don't exist as shown and animals have no noticable interactions with each other. Dinosaurs like those which are shown in the gameplay trailer, and there is very little difference between species on different planets - the same few appear everywhere.No massive fleets jump in to star systems like shown in the gameplay trailer, as well as no large scale space battles where you can pick a side. At most 2 or 3 do, and a couple of pirates attack them infinetely until you join in. Even then, you can in duck in and out of a space station until you eventually kill them.Speaking of space stations, they were talked about as if they would be hubs for trading and interactions. Instead, you have a space station the size of a moon inhabited by a single NPC, with a few ships appearing every now and then.It was also advertised that you could take multiple routes in terms of your ship, either opting to take an exploration, fighting, or trading ship. This simply isn't true. All of the ships handle the same, with the same speed and same weapons. The only thing you're really looking for in a ship is the inventory size. Other than that they are all the same with a slightly different model and paint-job.There is no multiplayer, another feature that was lied about. You could spend over 20 hours trying to reach the same planet as a friend, only to find that you can't see or interact with one another once you arrive.By far the worst thing about No Man's Sky is the number of bugs.On multiple occasions I would explore a planet 100% completion at which point I would be prompted to claim a reward. At this point, I would then try and upload a planet only for the game to tell me that I hadn't found everything, even though all boxes were checked and the game said 100% complete.The game is also terribly optimised, so much so that even high-end gaming PCs struggle to run it at a constant FPS, not to mention crashes, which are far too abundant. I probably spent more time loading into the game than actually playing it. What made this even worse is that a lot of the time, No Man's Sky would ignore my restore points unless I saved multiple times, resulting in several insanely frustrating moments where a planet I had completed would be uncompleted within seconds.The only thing worse than this however, is not being able to fully research a planet at all. Often, I would reach a point where I only needed to find 1 species, only to then find that this species was perpetually locked into the floor, where I was completely unable to scan it.Clipping through objects is also much more common than it should be. Whether in an exosuit or a spaceship, you can move through various objects as if you were a ghost, further damaging your immersion in the game.Other problems with No Man's Sky include the variation. The game is supposed to take place in a galaxy, but I feel like I'm exploring a loop, with the same unending rock planets. Planetery gravity, an addition that might have made planets feel more unique, is unsurprisingly absent as well as orbits. Planets sit stationary around a sun.Sentinels, the game's main antagonistic force, are always samey. Passive walker sentinels don't exist like they do in the gameplay trailer. If you see a two-legged sentinel it is hostile no exceptions.One of the most anticlimactic and disappointing endings in videogame history.Overall, even with promises of future updates, £40/$60 is too much for this game. Overhyping and flat-out lying has been used to lure in players in. Don't buy this game, even if the price drops.
Fryest	Not Recommended	31.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198071258003/	Complete disappointment.
Wubs4Scrubs	Not Recommended	34.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198040323960/	Are they getting sued for this? Because they should be getting sued for this. Alien Colonial Marines all over again.
Mcbeardish	Not Recommended	24.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mcbeardish/	They did a great job procedurally generating issues with my machine and a vast emptiness of a game when it does work. Never works, lack of gameplay, lied to by devs, this is not the prince who was promised.
Milo~	Not Recommended	17.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Chopthestickfromthetree/	Product received for free
Gray	Not Recommended	23.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198041054229/	Congrats on making Spore 2
IceLacrima	Recommended	11.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/IceLacrima/	Redemption, the videogame.
ninjacouch132	Not Recommended	49.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198109063346/	After two hours you have done everything you will ever do....enjoy doing it again and again and again.....you can also build bases now that you can also do nothing in.....buy a giant cargo ship and enjoy countless hours of doing nothing in them....
BBelleGames	Not Recommended	9.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/BBelleGames/	I wish I could get my money back....Honestly that was $60 down the drain :(
Felix Snowlily	Not Recommended	2.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198046401604/	Refund simulator 2016
bbray	Not Recommended	21.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198009691299/	The Game is not ready, nor has enough meat in it yet to keep you playing.  ITs a cashgrab...walk away....just walk away.
Extinctdragon	Recommended	61.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198062796231/	Unexpectedly amazing. Conclusion, verdict and ratings at the bottom if ya don't like reading.When it comes down to it everybody is annoyed because this game is great but it could have been better.Pros:Incredibly ambitiousStill being updated for free ( small devoted dev team)loads of new features since releaseHuge (seemly endless space)Brilliant audio so immersive and in sync with the game and situations (music and effects)Pretty graphicsBase buildingBase creation sharing with the communityNo money making DLCLoads of ships including giant ones (purchasable) alternate means of transport (planetary vehicles)Great style and consistent (reminiscent to spore)Huge replay valueStill loads of featuresGood mechanicsHuge audience target form casual to pro gamersImmersiveGreat story (so far I will add)Great writingLoads of ways and methods to do things like earning moneyAmazing level/environment designAnd moreCons:missing featuresRepetitiveYou have to charge constantly ( you'd think advanced spaceships would have a more durable batteries)sentient aliens just stand around would be call if they moved from a immersive point of view single player only (this was what everybody was moaning about)awkward flight controls (basic but not the best. You get used to it)lack of a tutorial (you get around it but there is moment of what am I doing?)Note for everybody reading this I did follow all the hype during this games development. I was even thinking about buying a playstation (xbox fan). However after the release and all the negativity from friends and reviewers I gave it a miss. From what I remember the negativity came from a lack of features in the game that were promoted in the development stage. It go's to say there's still a lack of some features, but I write this hoping I can help bring this game back from the brink because it doesn't deserve to be there honestly.This game has me hooked. I haven't played as much as some people currently but I have played hours straight and quite easily would have played all night and I don't really do that.The dev team have in my mind have done wrong to customers, but they continue with this game because they care and want it to succeed and I think its going in the right direction. They were very likely pushed on time limits from Sony who funded them. However this game was kind of miss advertised in my mind and people weren't in the wrong for being angry with hello games. But please don't punish the game.This game reminds me of spore's space stage but on a grander scale and much more to do. I really get the sense I've only scratched the surface. There is so much to do and see I feel I'm becoming addicted a feeling I haven't felt with a game for a very long time. I just can't wait to see what I find next.I thought the story would bore me and in a game like this it would be linear and basic. But it really is quite engaging and interesting. It improves the experience for me and its not in the slightest compulsory.I feel so immersed in the game from the soundtrack and effects noises to the lifeforms I find scattered across countless stars. There has not been a game in a while that manages to send chills down my spine. Like the first time you fly to a space station and the music kicks in. If you have watched Interstellar and had those chills but this is Like a kickass version with guitar melodies. The thought of the size of the game will give you chills. When you open up the galaxy map and browse throught the stars you will realise how pathetically small you are as an star traveling entity.It has to be said that I don't really play in the whole starship space RPG genre and I think if you are you will enjoy this game but it probably isn't as in-depth control and mechanic wise as you're elite dangerous or star citizen ( note I haven't played either) but I think that might be the right observation for those gamers.There are missing features but I feel its easy for me to move passed them because this game fell off my radar for so long and now I'm experiencing the game for what it is a hugely ambitious and endless game. I've in away not been deterred by the anti hype of the initial release and I think that's why I like it. But that's not to say someone who revisits the game could not get a kick out of this game now and realize the game for what it is ( a great game). When it comes down to it everybody is annoyed because this game could have been better. I've said that already I know.ConclusionThere is definitely need for improvement and I sense that it will come in time. However this is still a fun game for all types of gamers casual and pro alike. Its engaging and immersive and there is a lot to do and find. The story works and draws me which not every game can do. I wasn't expecting that. It is still a hugely ambitious game that took a lot of hard work to produce. My verdict is if you still feel unsure don't buy it at least not yet, but if you are like me and can relate to what I've said go for it. I got it for 20 pounds and I think that is acceptable. I wouldn't buy this full price, but I would suggest waiting for a good steam sale 50% or more off.  8/10 for now.I hope this helps I'm certain there's more to say but I'm eager to get back into no man's sky.
Derelict81	Not Recommended	36.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197983197518/	Unbelievably basic game, adverdised as something more than it is. Ocean wide and ankle deep. This is worth between 10 - 20 euro, depending how you feel about basic survival games. Better yet, get something else.Foundation Update: After this update No Man's Sky starts to resemble the industry standard for the survival games. Still there is not much to do and new gameplay options do not really bring much to the table. Perhaps with future updates it will get better.
Ryky	Not Recommended	27.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ryky01/	f**k Sean Murray
MilkToast	Not Recommended	5.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198056948915/	Promised multiplayer, not gonna happen. No refund given as requested for false advertisement. Did not even get past tutorial due to a glitch spawning me on some acid rain planet.
erenots	Not Recommended	23.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198272055958/	Waist of 60 dollars.
SoldierHobbes	Not Recommended	33.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198090381658/	This would be a great ten dollar game. Too bad it's sixty bucks. Not much there to make it worth the price.
AntimatteR	Not Recommended	35.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/antimatter-/	Utterly horrible piece of S****. Crashes randomly non stop; could be an hour, could be as soon as you load in. Recent game patches have not helped or resolved the crashing issue. Additionally, this game is NOT AT ALL what was described or is described either by Steam/Valve, or the developers Hello Games. It is a bait and switch, nickle and dimed, straight up lie. 90% of the features promised and content promised, even so recent as a month before the release of the game, are NOT IN THE GAME.Literally all you can do is: Fly to one planet, land, pickup resources, fly to another plant, land, pick up resources, sell some resources, continue flying to other planets... you get the idea. It's a "pretty planet simulator", none of this "Do anything at all" crap, and DEFINITELY not what they said it would be like. For example, we were promised things would be dynamic (planets moving, freighter ships moving, you could join "factions" etc), none of that is true. Everything is static, nothing moves, you can't join factions, there is no REAL trading system, etc. Pure trash. Also, these issues don't become apparent until well into the game, past the 2 hour refund limit (which is ridiculously arbitrary to impose on EVERY game, when all games are different. This one for example, takes more than 2 hours to just get past the "training" portion of the game).
Pap3rkat	Not Recommended	18.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/pap3rkat/	The game feels as though it is a port from PS4 and upscaled to 1080p. Graphics even on a high end system (i5-6600k and EVGA GTX 1070 SC with a 144hz gSync monitor) were terrible. Everything loaded in incredibly funny, FOV is terrible and sometimes the camera breaks, frame rate drops, a lot of issues on the graphics side of the house. As far as the actual game... seems that we were promised more than what was actaully delivered (see the Hello Games YT channel and look at the videos that have "Gameplay Trailer" in the title.) Don't buy this game at full retail price. Wait for it to go on sale and even then pass on it if it is more than 20 USD.
peter pooper	Not Recommended	154.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197961428367/	BoringRepetitiveBoringRepetitiveBoringRepetitiveBoringOh, and did I mention it's VERY repetitive? There is absolutely NOTHING whatsoever to do in this 'game'.Very disappoint after waiting for two years.
Johnny BigBoí	Not Recommended	6.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/JohnnyBigBoi/	Just watch thishttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uTTPlqK8AnY 
Envicta	Not Recommended	13.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Envicta/	Haven't reviewed many games on Steam,  but I really feel I need to show my utter dissapointment with this title,  especially from a UK Gaming studio.  The game had huge hype,  the initial videos looked amazing!  I pre-ordered a long time ago.I unfortunately was a victim of the AMD CPU bug on day 1, but I continued!I was a victim of the FPS-problems day 2-5, but I continued!I was victim of the game crashing 5-10, but I continued!Now after the game works, and I'm able to play it,  I'm gutted to realise that it's just really dull.Exploring planets is fun for the first time,  and for about 30 minutes.  But couple of hours into the game,  and you're just trying to make as many Warp cells as possible,  and wondering "Why am I doing this,  this isn't fun!".This game could been something amazing,  and hopefully it's going to do a SimCity,  and inspire someone else to go and make a game of what this should of been.Til then,  this is definitely being uninstalled,  and i'm writing that £35 off. 
Shadarek	Not Recommended	66.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Shadarek/	Awful game compared to its advertisements.
cloudstrifelv9	Not Recommended	194.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198026640341/	a pile of interstellar trash. DO NOT BUY
telos469	Not Recommended	86.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198303637946/	You could spend as much time cleaning lint from your belly button and would be better entertained., and that would be  significantly cheaper.Terrible. Tedious. Redundant. Boring. If it were a free app on my phone, I'd have played 1/10 as long and deleted it.
Syntheticaldark	Not Recommended	33.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198090383116/	I got robbed by this game, I want my $60 back. Such a huge let down
Golf Wiz	Not Recommended	7.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198055481880/	waste of money
RFX	Not Recommended	27.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/rf138/	i feel bad for the guy who bought it for meif you read this im sorry
Hellstormer	Not Recommended	16.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198074011377/	Huge disappointment in gaming history, and I thought EA can♥♥♥♥♥up good games. 95% of things that Sean Murray said that will be ingame is not there, u cant even name ur ship and eversince the release there has been ONLY 1 update and nothing more, like if devs abandoned the game and just took our money. Take my word dont buy this no matter what, its not worth 5€ not to mention 60€.
MagmaHans	Not Recommended	47.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198023983870/	It looks cool and it's really fun the first day you have it, then it gets boring, like, really boring!
peter pooper	Not Recommended	154.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197961428367/	BoringRepetitiveBoringRepetitiveBoringRepetitiveBoringOh, and did I mention it's VERY repetitive? There is absolutely NOTHING whatsoever to do in this 'game'.Very disappoint after waiting for two years.
LaDy CaTeLyN sTaRk❤	Not Recommended	49.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/xena23/	I wish there was a middle option to select as far as recommending this game. I really didn't want to select no but at the same time I only would select yes if I was truly passionate about this game.  I'm not having any crashing errors or bugs like a lot of others just random frame rate drops but not often.  I also wanted to wait until I had some decent play time to give it a thourough review.  I'm almost at 10 hour so that's good enough.  Lets start with the pros:- The concept of the game itself is great, that is exploring different planets and learning different languages.- plenty of resources around so you never really have to worry about running out- Decent crafting system although a lot of the items you learn to craft you'll never use.- The enviroment of each planet I explored so far is beautiful.  I have visited a few planets so far and they were each different and unique in it's own way.- Galaxy trading system or shall I say auction house? Basically you can make a lot of money or "units" by selling various crafting items or resources.  You can also buy different resources or specific items you might need to craft an item.  \- You can also get "units" at different space stations or little towns you discover on your planets.  Now for the Cons:- The game is too repetative.  There is nothing different that you do on each planet.  You explore, you discover, you meet aliens, you learn words in their language, grind for resources and that's about it. - Inventory space.  Not enough at first in my opinion. You have to explore and find little stations that allow you to upgrade your inventory space.  Oh and did I mention you have to buy the inventory space? - Flying navigation.  Maybe it's just me and maybe my mouse is too sensitive but flying is a pain in the rear at times, I can't tell you how many times I got motion sickness just from trying to fly straight!- Not worth the hype.  I was looking forward to exploring space and maybe finding other people like they said could happen in this game.  Maybe get into extreme battles in space with other players like it was mentioned before.  None of that has happened or will happen apparently.  -If you want to check it out then I would wait for the game to go on sale-----I will continue to play to check out other planets because exploring is fun but I can't recommend this game right now  it was way over hpyed----
YEETsquad	Not Recommended	46.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/itsmichael/	The issue we all are familiar with is the non-existant multiplayer of this game.  The only "online" thing about No Man's Sky is the globalness of the discovery features.  Beyond that, there is no direct P2P interaction to be had here, and therefore this game is entirely single player.  Unfortunately, it is very disatisfying to play No Man's Sky after having confirmed that multiplayer is truly non existant.  If anyone happens to stumble upon my review, I found a planet that had abundant high dollar resources that I could have continued to farm for my entire No Man's Sky career (vortex cubes and a type of green pearl).  I could have stayed on that planet and made endless money - but for what? A nice ship? Who gets to enjoy it but me?  You see, this game is not what it promised.  After 25 hours I do not recommend this game.
Skywrath Mari	Not Recommended	0.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198058975489/	I can't even open the game :(  No man ~can run the game~ sky
AntimatteR	Not Recommended	35.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/antimatter-/	Utterly horrible piece of S****. Crashes randomly non stop; could be an hour, could be as soon as you load in. Recent game patches have not helped or resolved the crashing issue. Additionally, this game is NOT AT ALL what was described or is described either by Steam/Valve, or the developers Hello Games. It is a bait and switch, nickle and dimed, straight up lie. 90% of the features promised and content promised, even so recent as a month before the release of the game, are NOT IN THE GAME.Literally all you can do is: Fly to one planet, land, pickup resources, fly to another plant, land, pick up resources, sell some resources, continue flying to other planets... you get the idea. It's a "pretty planet simulator", none of this "Do anything at all" crap, and DEFINITELY not what they said it would be like. For example, we were promised things would be dynamic (planets moving, freighter ships moving, you could join "factions" etc), none of that is true. Everything is static, nothing moves, you can't join factions, there is no REAL trading system, etc. Pure trash. Also, these issues don't become apparent until well into the game, past the 2 hour refund limit (which is ridiculously arbitrary to impose on EVERY game, when all games are different. This one for example, takes more than 2 hours to just get past the "training" portion of the game).
Pap3rkat	Not Recommended	18.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/pap3rkat/	The game feels as though it is a port from PS4 and upscaled to 1080p. Graphics even on a high end system (i5-6600k and EVGA GTX 1070 SC with a 144hz gSync monitor) were terrible. Everything loaded in incredibly funny, FOV is terrible and sometimes the camera breaks, frame rate drops, a lot of issues on the graphics side of the house. As far as the actual game... seems that we were promised more than what was actaully delivered (see the Hello Games YT channel and look at the videos that have "Gameplay Trailer" in the title.) Don't buy this game at full retail price. Wait for it to go on sale and even then pass on it if it is more than 20 USD.
Derelict81	Not Recommended	36.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197983197518/	Unbelievably basic game, adverdised as something more than it is. Ocean wide and ankle deep. This is worth between 10 - 20 euro, depending how you feel about basic survival games. Better yet, get something else.Foundation Update: After this update No Man's Sky starts to resemble the industry standard for the survival games. Still there is not much to do and new gameplay options do not really bring much to the table. Perhaps with future updates it will get better.
Ryky	Not Recommended	27.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ryky01/	f**k Sean Murray
MilkToast	Not Recommended	5.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198056948915/	Promised multiplayer, not gonna happen. No refund given as requested for false advertisement. Did not even get past tutorial due to a glitch spawning me on some acid rain planet.
erenots	Not Recommended	23.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198272055958/	Waist of 60 dollars.
Krymore	Not Recommended	0.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/krymore/	All you need to know about this game is that the standard Steam refund policy applies to it. And BOY am I glad I got a refund.
Freddy Mercury	Not Recommended	3.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/gamergrilllol/	This game tought me never to preorder again, thanks for helping saving the industry Sean Murray!
Frigg2017	Not Recommended	49.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198319406992/	Could have been so much better! NOt only did I pay full price but i paided it twice! For my computer and for my ps4. Both are buggy and crash constantly. I have a brand new laptop set up specifically for gaming and No man's Sky was Laggy and glitchy like mad!I was not able to name my ship as promised, I was not able to chose a side. I got nearly 40 hours into the game and was so bored I quit. There was not the amount of differences that we were promised. I was seeing creatures that were an exact copy of ones I have seen in other systems. This game is not worth the money or the time you put in to it!  It is nearly impossible to get 100% discovery on a planet! Scanning takes a long time, even if you ahve already discovered it. Scanning flying creatures is nearly impossible!THIS IS A SPOILER!!! DO NOT READ BELOW THIS IF YOU DON'T WANT TO KNOW!You spend hours getting to the middle of the galaxy and once there you get pulled all the way out through to the edge of the galaxy you just spent forever going through and it pops you into a new one! That is it! it just starts you over! So many copies of the same thing on every planet on every system. You can give something a different name but same body on it.We were misled in so many aspects of this game. That alone is enough to not buy it. Ontop of the bugs. in 3 hours I crashed 6 times. that is NOT ACCEPTIBLE! even for an indie game that just came out!I want my money back and I will be deleteing the game as soon as I get it.NOT COOL SHAWN MURRY< NOT COOL!
rustak	Not Recommended	8.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/rustak9/	This is perhaps a great $20-$30 game, but it's a mediocre and disappointing full-price game.  Ultimately, instead of being a space explorer going through a wide galaxy of new delights, you are instead of a vagrant running around stealing things and making deals with beings that have already been on every single planet you may come to.  The concept is fantastic.  The execution is poor.
The Old Dude	Not Recommended	19.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/lanteigne/	This game is repetitive. False informations from dev.I want a refund!!
mpmckenzie15	Not Recommended	86.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198076810096/	game just sucks.
Trajan	Not Recommended	21.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Trajan76/	No, not at the moment. It plays like an early minecraft, but in space, with all the resource hoarding and none of the building. So... in short, wait. IF, they add content and gameplay, especially the content that it was promised, it might become an ok game. But I can not recommend it at the full AAA price. It simply is not worth it. The current stability issues compound the situation. Essentially, it feels like a Peter Molyneux game in that it does a small fraction of what you wanted it to, but, at the same time is really kind of boring. This does have potential, and it might be a really cool game, add in a basic mapping utility, some Elite style gameplay and continue to update the engine with skins and textures for map and ship variability, while not charging earlier customers anything more, then fine, I'll recommend it then.
Socha	Not Recommended	34.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/PeelHouse/	Do not waste the money, unless you plan on playing for less than 2 hours. You will get the gist of the rest of your time in the game.The whole game is a grind for inventory space. The exploration is horrible, every planet is pretty much the same only the life on the planets is like a rejected spore creation, if you can even find life. So many dead planets and life support to keep up to get more items to get more inventory space to see more boring planets.You get none of the exotic and lush looking worlds like in the trailer on the steam store page, no huge monsters, not even desert planets. All which was promised and more.Just stay away from this game.
Grunt	Not Recommended	75.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/GruntLoc/	----------------------------------Partially updated for Atlas:The core, heart, soul of this game is so ♥♥♥♥ing bad. It reminds me most of X-Rebirth - explicitly targeting child mentality with the way it does things and how it approaches things. Maybe the Korvax are secretly screaming "SHOW ME YOUR WARES!..... SHOW ME YOUR SKILLS!....."Wanted to like this thing from the beginning. Impossible. Gave Foundation a true chance and explored it as extensively as I could manage.It's so horrendous for me at this point I can't even stand the core game play long enough to reach whatever was actually added by 1.3It's just a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥----------------------------------Updated for Foundation:For me the foundation update wound up reinforcing just how truly♥♥♥♥♥♥filled the entire NMS game flow design really is.Everything - every single thing you can do - is intentionally artificially sloooooowed down. Right. That's by design and was like that on release.I hadn't touched this thing for months. Went back in hoping to see if they did any real, serious changes. No. No they definitely didn't do any of that from what I can see. They planted their turd-flag.The whole update floats on top of a pathetic, superficial existence that we all experienced from "playing" the release version when the thing came out. We basically got to see, directly, just how trivial things really are because they rushed it out so they could later decide wtf to add they could call "content" I guess.So now with what they're calling "content" - it's just a bunch of window dressing - fragile ornaments hanging off this extremely weak-walled game. They're depending on their core design to hold it up like pillars, and it fails miserably.It didn't add depth - it simply made it even more clear just how god damn horrific the underpinnings of the game really are. How? Why? Because now it depends even more, not less, on the few repetitive actions you can do / have to do, over and over and over and over.... and over... and over.. and they're not fun things to do. None of them. At all.Time to delete, again. Guess many of us really did flush our cash right down a toilet, and we'll probably do so again plenty, but not with these developers.----------------------------------Original review:At the moment there is NO way this game can be recommended with a straight face.Very early on you'll have a bit of fun learning and doing things you haven't done yet.You'll quickly realize - oh, right, that's it. That's all there actually is. Just the same extremely limited number of things to repeat until the sun burns out or you just stop playing.Among many aspects that are extremely tedious and annoying, just to describe one it seems clear they intentionally designed the inventory systems to try and force the player to repeat the limited things to do over and over as much as possible - probably because there's nothing else to do.There are enough people that very badly want to enjoy the game so much they immediately jumped into making mods to try and sort out some of the dip♥♥♥♥♥♥design decisions made by the developers.So - several aspects (flying behavior, inventory and a slew of others) can be changed to remove them from the list of tedious crap, which is great and extremely helpful.Of course the problem remains - there's still nothing actually interesting to do after you've done them x times.There will plenty who are stubborn trying to squeeze some kind of extended fun out of the $60 thrown at Sony... I mean HG.Most will probably just get fed up, cuss the screen, the game, the developers, rage quit, delete the game and move on saying it's yet another lesson learned.Ideally the quality and content lessons need to be learned by the developers and publishers, not the gamers. But since there's such a severe lack of actual quality available we keep jumping and hoping the next will be different.Not yet.If HG wants to fix this shallow piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥they definitely can. They could add real, extremely significant amounts of compelling content. Will they? No idea, but if they do and it works people will change their opinion based on real reasons.For now - the negative reviews in general are absolutely warranted.Avoid until they make it fun or it's $5 sitting in the♥♥♥♥♥♥bucket sale category.
Mikrio	Not Recommended	17.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198047956838/	When the game was first released, i spent alot of time trying to figure out how to meet up with people i knew over social media. When, after about eight or so hours of trying, i discorvered via a video that the game was indeed not multiplayer as the creators had previously stated. What a let down of a game
strugglesnuggle	Not Recommended	6.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198011884692/	Not what it said it would be
BOT Jester	Not Recommended	37.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/BOTJESTER/	Cool game but not $60 cool.More like $19.99 cool.
FrostedFireFly	Not Recommended	5.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/FrostedFireFly/	Great £40 demo. Can't wait until they bring out the full game at 3 times the price.Gold reccomendation, would refund again.
YEETsquad	Not Recommended	46.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/itsmichael/	The issue we all are familiar with is the non-existant multiplayer of this game.  The only "online" thing about No Man's Sky is the globalness of the discovery features.  Beyond that, there is no direct P2P interaction to be had here, and therefore this game is entirely single player.  Unfortunately, it is very disatisfying to play No Man's Sky after having confirmed that multiplayer is truly non existant.  If anyone happens to stumble upon my review, I found a planet that had abundant high dollar resources that I could have continued to farm for my entire No Man's Sky career (vortex cubes and a type of green pearl).  I could have stayed on that planet and made endless money - but for what? A nice ship? Who gets to enjoy it but me?  You see, this game is not what it promised.  After 25 hours I do not recommend this game.
LaDy CaTeLyN sTaRk❤	Not Recommended	49.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/xena23/	I wish there was a middle option to select as far as recommending this game. I really didn't want to select no but at the same time I only would select yes if I was truly passionate about this game.  I'm not having any crashing errors or bugs like a lot of others just random frame rate drops but not often.  I also wanted to wait until I had some decent play time to give it a thourough review.  I'm almost at 10 hour so that's good enough.  Lets start with the pros:- The concept of the game itself is great, that is exploring different planets and learning different languages.- plenty of resources around so you never really have to worry about running out- Decent crafting system although a lot of the items you learn to craft you'll never use.- The enviroment of each planet I explored so far is beautiful.  I have visited a few planets so far and they were each different and unique in it's own way.- Galaxy trading system or shall I say auction house? Basically you can make a lot of money or "units" by selling various crafting items or resources.  You can also buy different resources or specific items you might need to craft an item.  \- You can also get "units" at different space stations or little towns you discover on your planets.  Now for the Cons:- The game is too repetative.  There is nothing different that you do on each planet.  You explore, you discover, you meet aliens, you learn words in their language, grind for resources and that's about it. - Inventory space.  Not enough at first in my opinion. You have to explore and find little stations that allow you to upgrade your inventory space.  Oh and did I mention you have to buy the inventory space? - Flying navigation.  Maybe it's just me and maybe my mouse is too sensitive but flying is a pain in the rear at times, I can't tell you how many times I got motion sickness just from trying to fly straight!- Not worth the hype.  I was looking forward to exploring space and maybe finding other people like they said could happen in this game.  Maybe get into extreme battles in space with other players like it was mentioned before.  None of that has happened or will happen apparently.  -If you want to check it out then I would wait for the game to go on sale-----I will continue to play to check out other planets because exploring is fun but I can't recommend this game right now  it was way over hpyed----
peter pooper	Not Recommended	154.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197961428367/	BoringRepetitiveBoringRepetitiveBoringRepetitiveBoringOh, and did I mention it's VERY repetitive? There is absolutely NOTHING whatsoever to do in this 'game'.Very disappoint after waiting for two years.
Creed	Not Recommended	29.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198005725729/	This game is not only not finished and not worth $60, but so much that was promised is non-existent.
Meckintush	Not Recommended	5.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Captain_Macintosh/	Shawn is a dirty liar. The game is lackluster and overpriced.Refunded. 
seskoi	Not Recommended	14.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197969985145/	A gift well packaged with nothing inside.
mpmckenzie15	Not Recommended	86.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198076810096/	game just sucks.
CocoaButta	Not Recommended	64.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/CocoaButta/	Hello Games did not live up to their promises. This game has almost none of the big features that were featured. We were LIED to. I am recommending to all my Steam friends and personnal friends to not buy this game or any future game from this stuido.
MiniFestSam	Not Recommended	0.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198276540695/	VERY UPSET!!! i paid for this game and have been really looking forward to it, every time i try to play it it loads up, a few planets fly by then it returns me to desktop, WHAT IS THE POINT OF THIS GAME IF IT  DOSNT WORK???????!!!!!!!?!??!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!??!?!?? :(    ][][][][]][[][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][  DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!!!!!  [][][][]][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][[][][[]
Raepok	Not Recommended	170.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197999156176/	One of the best scams I have ever been subjected to. And if you are wondering where Sean Murray is I know the answer, he's right behind you......with Gabe Newell......taking turns unwantedly ♥♥♥♥ing us all in the♥♥♥♥♥!!!!!!!!
Meckintush	Not Recommended	5.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Captain_Macintosh/	Shawn is a dirty liar. The game is lackluster and overpriced.Refunded. 
Kimi	Not Recommended	4.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Therealkim/	This game is complete sh*t. The videos and screenshots are a complete lie. I hope Hello Games gets sued like f*ck. If you bought this game, you got f*cking conned. Sean Murray you lying c*nt go hang urself.
star stuff	Not Recommended	107.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198001864690/	DO NOT PAY $60 FOR THIS GAME. This is a pretty good game that falls WAY short of what was expected and is a slap in the face to all game developers who do produce games worth $60. Selling this at $60 is a rip-off and buying it for $60 is fiscally irresponsible.
cum sticky uh	Not Recommended	12.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Nippauls/	Never took the time to write a review before but here it is. First hour playing this game was incredible but I quickly realised it was all the same stuff. It was extremely repetitive. I started to add mods to see if they could make my experience more fun but they didn't. I realised how pointless it all was and just skipped to the centere of the galaxy to see what amazing things were there, lets just say I was very disapointed.
Grymey.	Not Recommended	33.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/grymey/	Don't buy this till it hits the $10 section.
Guy	Not Recommended	38.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/guybrand/	36+ hours in and very little interesting has happened. About to give up. It does not match its press. No sand worms or giant behemoths. Just the occasional crab creature or weird looking deer. It is very rare to find a planet with grass on it much less a plant rich with animal life. No matter where you travel there all the aliens so far look the same. Even the climate stays the same from pole to pole. Not one planet has had cities. Although every planet has outposts, they are all the same, no matter what solar system you visit with very little variation.So more wasted potential, totally devoid of fun.
cameo24	Not Recommended	66.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/cameo24/	While I personally like the game, I would not recommend it to others.While procedurally generated may sound enticing, it just means that the devs have not spent any time hand crafting a unique or memorable experience for a game. There isn't an interesting enough sandbox experience to keep you playing after a handful of hours.
The Old Dude	Not Recommended	19.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/lanteigne/	This game is repetitive. False informations from dev.I want a refund!!
BoneHacker	Not Recommended	103.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197971127230/	Deserves a review: Edit to my review...: HOW IS THIS GAME NOT SELLING FOR 3.99$ YET?!?!Don't buy this garbage. Ever. The only way to earn respect now is to release a whole new (same game) with everything that was promised and more. Do not buy in its current state unless the price is 15$,. We the purchasers have been given a lie, a fully gutted, rush to release date lie. The game was gutted or to make release date possible, or we have been utterly lied too, not 1 of the things that was ever spoken about in interviews and panels, and events like E3 are true. No giant sandworms, no giant creatures, no creatures rustling through the trees roaring at you. No variation in planets, no variation in rare elements, nor are they rare.... No minecraft like building system, where the players make stuff on there own by trial and error. No naming ships, there's about 20-30 different ship models thats it.... for infinite possibilities that's pretty low. Same with planets, at tops 20-30, and that's probably generous.The game was gutted. Or we were lied to simple as that, and still no answers as to why. Maybe they are rolling in cash? Maybe they are rolling in cash in their safehouses scared to publicly apologize for lieing. Who knows. I really hope, and still think its too early, but i really hope they fix their mistakes. The game is garbage. It was fun till I got to the center and got sent to a new galaxy with everything broken, and almost dieing while initializing because i was spawned on a Danagerous sentinel planet. Really dumb design if you can die or almost die while waiting for the game to let you move around. Just untested, gutted, pile of poop. Yes I have lots of hours because i had to check everything, and its nothing.
Dura	Not Recommended	12.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197975502205/	Honestly, for 60$ game its not worth it. The Game is Extremely Boring, no Depth, and no multiplayer.
svgPhoenix	Not Recommended	61.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/svgPhoenix/	A tech demo full of broken promises and lazy coding...
=[Qusal]=	Not Recommended	19.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197960526939/	It is sad to see the first video on the store page, that shows lots of features that are not here. You almost get the feeling the game was gutted and simplified for the PS4. I did enjoy the first hours of the game but it becaoes repetative really fast. Grinding for more slots, with no storyline or real goal. This game should have had much more potential, even if they only had put in simple multiplayer aspects. Like exploring together, and being able to see other players. I rather would have had 1% of the amount of planets and variation if there would be a multiplayer aspect. Like building a base together, defending and attacking other players bases. But ofcourse a PS4 user needs a friendly enviroment and be able to pause the game, so I suspect that's why they did not put in most of the features which would have allowed for this. Like the non-existant faction system. I love Multiplayer crafting games like Ark, 7daystodie and rust. Maybe that has cloaded my expectations with all the wrong advertising even on this store page. In retrospect I would buy this game when it would have been 15 euro's. But the current price is just not justifiable due to the lack of contents and gameplay.The game itself was enjoyable the first few hours, but after grinding for a bigger ship, the many flaws of the game become more prominent, even while grinding you notice disapearing resources. The lack of meaningfull interaction with the NPC's, I would even call it shallow. The items you find are mostly the same, all planets have all resources so why travel when you can max out on your starter planet. The game has been made way to easy and too grindy to become intresting. Grinding is ok when you are building your own death star. But not to upgrade your backpack or pistol!To conclude if you want a few hours of fun go for it, but becomes boring pretty soon so i would not advise to buy this if you are expecting the game seen in the first video on the Steam store page. This would have made a great alpha release game though.
Johnny BigBoí	Not Recommended	6.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/JohnnyBigBoi/	Just watch thishttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uTTPlqK8AnY 
Envicta	Not Recommended	13.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Envicta/	Haven't reviewed many games on Steam,  but I really feel I need to show my utter dissapointment with this title,  especially from a UK Gaming studio.  The game had huge hype,  the initial videos looked amazing!  I pre-ordered a long time ago.I unfortunately was a victim of the AMD CPU bug on day 1, but I continued!I was a victim of the FPS-problems day 2-5, but I continued!I was victim of the game crashing 5-10, but I continued!Now after the game works, and I'm able to play it,  I'm gutted to realise that it's just really dull.Exploring planets is fun for the first time,  and for about 30 minutes.  But couple of hours into the game,  and you're just trying to make as many Warp cells as possible,  and wondering "Why am I doing this,  this isn't fun!".This game could been something amazing,  and hopefully it's going to do a SimCity,  and inspire someone else to go and make a game of what this should of been.Til then,  this is definitely being uninstalled,  and i'm writing that £35 off. 
Shadarek	Not Recommended	66.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Shadarek/	Awful game compared to its advertisements.
cloudstrifelv9	Not Recommended	194.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198026640341/	a pile of interstellar trash. DO NOT BUY
telos469	Not Recommended	86.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198303637946/	You could spend as much time cleaning lint from your belly button and would be better entertained., and that would be  significantly cheaper.Terrible. Tedious. Redundant. Boring. If it were a free app on my phone, I'd have played 1/10 as long and deleted it.
Jakkera	Not Recommended	163.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198196608073/	Garbage
The Old Dude	Not Recommended	19.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/lanteigne/	This game is repetitive. False informations from dev.I want a refund!!
seskoi	Not Recommended	14.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197969985145/	A gift well packaged with nothing inside.
Creed	Not Recommended	29.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198005725729/	This game is not only not finished and not worth $60, but so much that was promised is non-existent.
brentmiller518	Not Recommended	77.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198094497979/	Overall, the game is very poor. The only incentive to play is seeing limited and slight variations of species and planets. The novelty of which wears off quickly. Resources are so abundant that no exploration is necessary, and the main quests offer no rewards (gameplay or story-wise). The story is weak, the combat mechanics are terrible, and many of the most exciting features are missing from the release.I'd give it a 2.5 out of 10. It's not the worst game, but it's definitely below average, and the ending is legitimately one of the worst/most disappointing endings to any game I've ever played.
Gn0my	Not Recommended	31.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jalubrano/	Not fun. Don't buy.
corky '	Not Recommended	5.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197970041346/	Not what I expected.It's all about grinding.
Meckintush	Not Recommended	5.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Captain_Macintosh/	Shawn is a dirty liar. The game is lackluster and overpriced.Refunded. 
Swaggy Shaggy	Not Recommended	15.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197972621137/	Its baaad! JUST BAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAD!
Hogrid	Not Recommended	10.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/BenjaMan22/	Not worth 60 bucks. Maybe 20. Devs have poor communication, features that were talked about during the games marketing process are not actually in the game.
Freddy Mercury	Not Recommended	3.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/gamergrilllol/	This game tought me never to preorder again, thanks for helping saving the industry Sean Murray!
Frigg2017	Not Recommended	49.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198319406992/	Could have been so much better! NOt only did I pay full price but i paided it twice! For my computer and for my ps4. Both are buggy and crash constantly. I have a brand new laptop set up specifically for gaming and No man's Sky was Laggy and glitchy like mad!I was not able to name my ship as promised, I was not able to chose a side. I got nearly 40 hours into the game and was so bored I quit. There was not the amount of differences that we were promised. I was seeing creatures that were an exact copy of ones I have seen in other systems. This game is not worth the money or the time you put in to it!  It is nearly impossible to get 100% discovery on a planet! Scanning takes a long time, even if you ahve already discovered it. Scanning flying creatures is nearly impossible!THIS IS A SPOILER!!! DO NOT READ BELOW THIS IF YOU DON'T WANT TO KNOW!You spend hours getting to the middle of the galaxy and once there you get pulled all the way out through to the edge of the galaxy you just spent forever going through and it pops you into a new one! That is it! it just starts you over! So many copies of the same thing on every planet on every system. You can give something a different name but same body on it.We were misled in so many aspects of this game. That alone is enough to not buy it. Ontop of the bugs. in 3 hours I crashed 6 times. that is NOT ACCEPTIBLE! even for an indie game that just came out!I want my money back and I will be deleteing the game as soon as I get it.NOT COOL SHAWN MURRY< NOT COOL!
BoneHacker	Not Recommended	103.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197971127230/	Deserves a review: Edit to my review...: HOW IS THIS GAME NOT SELLING FOR 3.99$ YET?!?!Don't buy this garbage. Ever. The only way to earn respect now is to release a whole new (same game) with everything that was promised and more. Do not buy in its current state unless the price is 15$,. We the purchasers have been given a lie, a fully gutted, rush to release date lie. The game was gutted or to make release date possible, or we have been utterly lied too, not 1 of the things that was ever spoken about in interviews and panels, and events like E3 are true. No giant sandworms, no giant creatures, no creatures rustling through the trees roaring at you. No variation in planets, no variation in rare elements, nor are they rare.... No minecraft like building system, where the players make stuff on there own by trial and error. No naming ships, there's about 20-30 different ship models thats it.... for infinite possibilities that's pretty low. Same with planets, at tops 20-30, and that's probably generous.The game was gutted. Or we were lied to simple as that, and still no answers as to why. Maybe they are rolling in cash? Maybe they are rolling in cash in their safehouses scared to publicly apologize for lieing. Who knows. I really hope, and still think its too early, but i really hope they fix their mistakes. The game is garbage. It was fun till I got to the center and got sent to a new galaxy with everything broken, and almost dieing while initializing because i was spawned on a Danagerous sentinel planet. Really dumb design if you can die or almost die while waiting for the game to let you move around. Just untested, gutted, pile of poop. Yes I have lots of hours because i had to check everything, and its nothing.
rustak	Not Recommended	8.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/rustak9/	This is perhaps a great $20-$30 game, but it's a mediocre and disappointing full-price game.  Ultimately, instead of being a space explorer going through a wide galaxy of new delights, you are instead of a vagrant running around stealing things and making deals with beings that have already been on every single planet you may come to.  The concept is fantastic.  The execution is poor.
Dura	Not Recommended	12.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197975502205/	Honestly, for 60$ game its not worth it. The Game is Extremely Boring, no Depth, and no multiplayer.
The Old Dude	Not Recommended	19.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/lanteigne/	This game is repetitive. False informations from dev.I want a refund!!
Jakkera	Not Recommended	163.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198196608073/	Garbage
BCI1999	Not Recommended	14.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/bci1999/	Well....Nice game for the first 2 hours of playtime, but after that you are starting to realise the game isn't what it was meant to be, don't know if it will ever be. Most people call it false marketing and this really is the case here, first the boss of hello games Sean Murray sead 2 players can find each other, guess what: on day one 2 people met each other but they couldn't see each other. Why they couldn't see each other was never offically explained. Also the trailers look like pre-renderd videos, the trailer with a big creature chasing another creature isn't in the game. And not to forget the inventory, no wonder you need to use atoms to create stuff, it's too small to fit any actual items! And you can name everything unexcept your ship (while Sean sead you could).
Futaba Yoshioka	Not Recommended	45.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/223671/	I cannot believe that I just spent 42 hours on this♥♥♥♥♥♥ Honestly, I really liked the way that you can explore the galaxy and planets, and the thought of exploring it every day tickles my mind. However, what really killed the game is its storyline; the developers wanted to implement some sort of story in No Man's Sky, but the ending is♥♥♥♥♥♥ I don't even know if there is an ending as well. I would've wrote it off as 6/10 if the storyline was complete, but since it isn't, I'd give it a blunt 3/10. For those who are playing this game, do NOT complete the storyline -- every route.
Guy	Not Recommended	38.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/guybrand/	36+ hours in and very little interesting has happened. About to give up. It does not match its press. No sand worms or giant behemoths. Just the occasional crab creature or weird looking deer. It is very rare to find a planet with grass on it much less a plant rich with animal life. No matter where you travel there all the aliens so far look the same. Even the climate stays the same from pole to pole. Not one planet has had cities. Although every planet has outposts, they are all the same, no matter what solar system you visit with very little variation.So more wasted potential, totally devoid of fun.
cameo24	Not Recommended	66.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/cameo24/	While I personally like the game, I would not recommend it to others.While procedurally generated may sound enticing, it just means that the devs have not spent any time hand crafting a unique or memorable experience for a game. There isn't an interesting enough sandbox experience to keep you playing after a handful of hours.
Grymey.	Not Recommended	33.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/grymey/	Don't buy this till it hits the $10 section.
a$ap cocky	Not Recommended	18.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/moppinfordays/	s h i t
Garry.K.Hossman	Recommended	110.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/garrykhossman/	Played for a couple of hours with my son.....never heard him so enthused about a game in a long time. Weve fixed the ships...located beacons....analysed plants and animals ...jumped off planet to a space staion...changed space suits and colours and we are now ready to travel to other planets.Cant wait to get back on and investigate some more ......Loved it.
That Guy	Not Recommended	12.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ThatOGGuy/	Waste of time and money they trick you to play more than 2 hours with the crashes and making the start lasting more than 2 hours so you cannot get your money back
Mrjawz	Not Recommended	58.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mrjawz/	I held hope for this game, despite the masses of hate for the game. Sean Murray, if you by some stroke of chance read this - I believed in you, and YOUR vision for the game. I knew and understood what you said about the multiplayer functionality, and the games inner workings also. I looked forward to a 'chill space exploration' game. Alas, you even lied about that. The game is an empty shell, with next to nothing to look forward to. At this point, after keeping track of your twitter which has been next to dormant ever since release. You have lost my trust and that of thousands of others. I believe your money grubbing tactics would serve you better at say - Activision. Please leave the games industry, and never come back, or pass your skills onto anyone else. Just leave. Liar.
Turkinger	Not Recommended	18.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Turkinger/	Hi everyone,I'm going to get to the point. The game could be way better than people expected, it could be more fun that any other game that you've played and you might enjoy it more than any other game you've played. BUT, this does not, I repeat, this does not change the fact that game has missing features, features that are shown by Sean Murray gameplay promos, features that are in Steam store page videos. That is deceptive/false advertising.Simple example, I order some onion rings from a restaurant. I want the onion rings, because I've been craving them and that's what I want. After waiting for some time, the waiter/waitress brings me fries. Well you might like fries, you might even like it more than onion rings, you can enjoy it, I do not care. But I ordered onion rings, ONION RINGS, and I am sure as hell not gonna pay from something that was not what was shown to me in the menu.Be happy all you want, I am happy that some people are enjoying the game, I hope people grow to love it. But I, along with many other people, am not happy that they brought me this game. I'm not only talking about MP SP options, I'm talking about crashed giant freighters and many more things that showed this game to be spectacular in the promo footages.Enjoy the game, but don't♥♥♥♥♥♥on people who are cheated and are not happy about it.
ResidentSleeper ...	Not Recommended	7.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/azuredrak/	This is a $30 game sold at $60. It's not exactly a horrible game, it's just overpriced for the amount of content it delivers. Basically, the player farms resources (while being interrupted and attacked by the same 3 enemy types), drop them off at NPCs, move to the next planet, rinse and repeat. There is nothing at the end of the game, it simply resets.The game might be priced at $60 due to the long development duration and the R&D that went into the procedural generation, but what matters to the player is entertainment, and this game lacks plenty of that.
daniel_7866	Not Recommended	18.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198191655683/	I really hoped I would write a positive review about this game, but I can't.The game is really fun at the beginning, you explore, the planets are huge, seems like a lot of fun.BUT they are describing it as an *infinite* universe.You could say it's true, but overall the planets are pretty much similar. just different colors maybe, but not too different and it's the same thing every time and after a few hours you just don't wanna play anymore.I think this game is a HUGE waste of money, it's really really expensive.
eLemonnader	Not Recommended	45.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/eLemonnader/	This is the absolute worst game I have ever paid. I've made bad decisions in my life when it comes to money, but I've never regretted spending $60 more than with this game.
daniel_7866	Not Recommended	18.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198191655683/	I really hoped I would write a positive review about this game, but I can't.The game is really fun at the beginning, you explore, the planets are huge, seems like a lot of fun.BUT they are describing it as an *infinite* universe.You could say it's true, but overall the planets are pretty much similar. just different colors maybe, but not too different and it's the same thing every time and after a few hours you just don't wanna play anymore.I think this game is a HUGE waste of money, it's really really expensive.
eLemonnader	Not Recommended	45.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/eLemonnader/	This is the absolute worst game I have ever paid. I've made bad decisions in my life when it comes to money, but I've never regretted spending $60 more than with this game.
NotOptions<3~	Not Recommended	23.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/definatelynotrez/	This game is a lie. Even the footage on the steam page is fake.I would not suggest this game, or anything by Hello Games to anyone, no matter the circumstance. Steam has made a mistake by supporting it on this platform.
widespreadpanick	Not Recommended	84.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198001456811/	Do you like shooting rocks?Every "planet" on this game has the same atmosphere. Same gravity. The differences between these "planets" and "moons" is close to non-existant. Those preview videos are a horrible misrepresentation.Basically, this "game" is about flying to various balls of procedurally-generating terrain. The procedural-generation will "magically" transpire before your very eyes, as entire mountains pop-in to existence out of thin air, directly in front of you.Gameplay? Shoot rocks. Why? Because... because. Because there is nothing else to do in this game.Occasionally the game will render a nice scene... nothing like the preview videos will lead you to believe. I'm being VERY kind with this review. The truth is, this game is a fraud on a massive scale. And the worst part is it isn't even a game. There is NO gameplay. It's about "exploration". But it's terrible exploration. It's 100% predictable. Every planet will have these same buildings. Every planet will have these same Zinc plants. Every planet will have these same flying robot-eyes. Every. Planet. Do not expect to find the "diamond in the rough" with this game. Look at actual gameplay from actual people. See how "amazing" this game can be. It's dull. It's dull and boring. That is all this "game" is.I want a refund, so badly. Out of principle. This was fraudulent advertising, and I hope Hello Games pays repercussions.edit: I wrote my review a week after solid playing, upon the game's release. I then quit. Well over a year later, I decided to reinstall it on a whim. To what little is left of the developer's credit, I will applaud their efforts to provide free patched-in content to expand what was an extremely dull experience. As it stands now, one could at least credit this game as being a decent single-player space-survival. It still has a lot of flaws, including the lack of actual purpose beyond flying around procedural-terrain ad infinitum. Survival isn't a challenge. There is no actual goal at the "end" of the plot except to just keep going. But to where? Finding crafting recipes, building bases, etc. But it ultimately leads you to the same place: a near-infinitely wide terrain-generator. Interesting, but ultimately the game's only true end is when it beats you via boredom.
Jay	Not Recommended	13.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197989899066/	Wait for it to go on sale.... then still don't buy it.
khaewea	Not Recommended	1,428.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/khaewea/	It is very overhyped, boring and absolutely not worth it. And even Ultra graphics are disguisting.
Swimmer	Not Recommended	66.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/sparkyde/	This game was just made to show the flaw in preorder function.
Rendbaek	Not Recommended	55.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197978468181/	If you take this game for what it actually is, its a grind. No Story, no clear goal and no real purpose.10 hours into the game its basically just a repeat of the same 3 or 4 things over and over.Upgrade your ship, Learn alien words, Grind some resources to power things and repeat.I was only entertained by this game for 10hours, and this was post early launch jitters and performance issues that had been resolved. I do not think this was ever a 60$ title. I got bored 15 hours in and went online to find the ending. Havent played it since, DO NOT waste your time on this.MineCraft was a more complete game on launch in my opinion.
Dambou	Not Recommended	9.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Dambou/	Low fps and lag.
Hodge	Recommended	32.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/tk914/	Props to a company for owning up to their mistakes and fixing the game with free updates, not expensive expansions.  Bungie should take notes.
Dambou	Not Recommended	9.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Dambou/	Low fps and lag.
Hodge	Recommended	32.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/tk914/	Props to a company for owning up to their mistakes and fixing the game with free updates, not expensive expansions.  Bungie should take notes.
Red Dwarf	Recommended	57.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/RD8/	When it came out No Mans Sky was little more than a  (slightly worse) 3D version of the mobile game "Out There". The studios many months of silence following release led us to belive that the game had been abandoned.Then the foundations update was released. Which added a host of interesting new features to the game. At the time I said that if we got 3 more updates as big as this one we would have if not a game worthy of its origional hype, a game worth what we paid for.As of the new 1.3 (Atlas Riases) update I believe they are well on track. They still have a ways to go, but I think if they continue down this path they will have will have earned back at least a modicum of our trust.
cRush	Not Recommended	124.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/crrush83/	Extremely disappointed in this game. Nothing like what is shown in the trailers. Completed and had seen basically everything after 10-15 hours. Played another 10 hours hoping to find something new. Found nothing. No one found anything new.I'll consider coming back when they add actual content to the game. Until then, I can't recommend anyone paying a premium price for a game that is at best in Beta. This game should've launched for $30-40 in Early Access mode.*EDIT* Spent another 15 hours idling in a building on an extreme planet to get achievements. If you die or leave the planet, the counter starts all over from zero. Absolutely horrible experience.
U.R.S.S.O	Recommended	231.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198071078545/	I have to say i'm genuinely impressed at how Hello Games managed to turn this game around, i never thought they would continue to develop and improve it after all that happened. I liked it at launch, but it's not something i would recommend to anyone. Now, it has become a much more fleshed out game with even multiplayer, making the experience all the more better. If you're looking for a cool sci-fi themed game, do get it.
P0nestream	Recommended	2,244.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198280071461/	I used to play other games but then i started playing No Man's Sky and im not interested in other games now. What i like with this game is the look and feel of it. Its not a space simulator, Its more of an Sci-Fi exploration game so instead of wasting time figure out how and where to land, Just land and enjoy finding new things. The BAD thing about this game is that its neverending, but the GOOD thing is that it is. I dont really have any negative things to say. Maybe that i want more variety of fauna, flora and biomes, but there is a massive update coming soon called NEXT that may update this. I also hope they with new future updates keep the NMS univurse big and not shrink it just to please the players who wants to meet up. Its Space. Its suppose to take time getting anywhere. Otherwise, we would as well been playing in a shoebox.
khaewea	Not Recommended	1,428.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/khaewea/	It is very overhyped, boring and absolutely not worth it. And even Ultra graphics are disguisting.
texhnolyze	Recommended	73.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/texhnolyze/	The game is simply amazeballs.Taking off from a planet to the outer space, pulse boost to another planet, enter its atmosphere and land, all without a loading screen feels so satisfying. It really feels like living as a space explorer, fully immersive. The other millions of survival games where you're stuck in a piece of land look so archaic compared to No Man's Sky.Moreover, there's always something to do, and everything is well-rewarded.• Just wanna enjoy the story? Yes, there's actually a story that you can follow• Wanna chill while listening to a podcast or something else? Just explore the planet for artifacts and resources• Wanna be a space cowboy fighting pirates? Patrol and scan the space or bring valuable items in your ship, or take missions• Wanna become a space trader? Hop around different systems, buy low in system A and sell high in system B, or gather them yourself• Wanna become a space pirate? Just attack random people in space, you can also attack motherships and steal their stuff• Wanna become a space commander? Get yourself a mothership and command spaceships to do various tasks for you• Wanna build your dream home base on an alien planet? Yes, you can build your base basically everywhere, it's quite robust• And there are still many other stuff to do in the game that I've yet to encounter, it's kinda overwhelming actually. Kudos to the developers for not giving up on the game after the backlash in 2016. NEXT is such an amazing turnaround, they deserve all the success and praise.
Icepick381	Not Recommended	11.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/icepick381/	The game is slow, repetitive, and extremely generic.  There is no good reward system for your actions and its buggy as hell.  Not worth $10, let alone $60.
bipolar anime girl	Not Recommended	30.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198058638607/	No Mans's Sky was a mistake
Void	Recommended	57.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/sniddunc/	I've always liked this game. Even when it first launched, I enjoyed it a lot. It just lacked the amount of content needed to keep me going for more than 20 hours. With that said, going from it's original version to the NEXT update, it feels like a brand, and very great game.Congratulations, Hello Games. At least my eyes, you've redeemed yourself.Thank you for not taking our money and runing.(And please don't lie to our faces again)
my nem alf	Recommended	20.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/wojiaoalf/	This review has been written after the release of the Pathfinder update.I have to admit: i was on the hype train for this game, and i suffered for it. But while everyone was refunding the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of this game i still had hope. Let's get something out of the way real quick: this game is nowhere near perfect yet. Emphasis on the "yet"; But after the updates that Hello Games have released i'm sure this game will be amazing eventually.Hello Games have made COLOSSAL mistakes while marketing this game.1. They advertised and priced it as a AAA game, while they should have gone the Early Access route.2. They made trailers showing features that were only possible if you got Lottery winner level lucky.3. They went completely radio silent after release.I haven't played this game since the Foundation update released, and i can directly compare the base game and the Pathfinder update game.Here's my thesis: I downloaded the update. For the sake of a clean slate i decided to start a new game. Immediately i noticed some positive diffrences. I have been thrown on a very green planet, which were ♥♥♥♥ing impossible to find in the base game, but let's assume i got lucky. In the next system i found another beautiful green planet with amazing rock formations, tons of trees and interesting fauna, which was surprising. Also, the UI was more responsive and had more quality of life features, the space stations were more populated, and i've had more encounters with freighters and pirates than i've ever had before. Some of which were really cinematic and awesome looking. I might be wrong, but i think HG are doing a lot more in updates than they say they do.Long story short, i think this game is going in the right direction. It will never compete with the ultra realistic Star Citizen, for me it will always be a chill exploration game like Minecraft.Thank you Hello Games for not giving up, it just shows that you guys have balls of steel.P.S: I find it hillarious that under every NMS update video there's people who bash the game for still existing, saying "you'll never be good, just end it". Keep at it Hello Games, and you'll do great things.
carmelfb	Not Recommended	134.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/carmelfb/	I know i have 100H on this, but let me explainNo Man's Lie is a game that had a massive potential and it♥♥♥♥ed it up. so bad....It has plenty of stars thats true, but they are all empty,nothing but a few repetetive tree & plant models, as well as animalsthat after a while you realize their all the same repeated model.Its a farming simulator. You are finding yourself constantly farming.Plutonium, Carbon, IronPlutonium, Carbon, IronOh i need alluminum as well!Plutonium, Carbon, IronDO NOT BUY. its a flat lifeless & contentless game.im sorry for not waiting untill the reviews came out....Edit - 7/26/2018--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------The game is a better time killer now and they improved some features.-It requires a little bit less farming (-1% farming)-The crafting system is a little bit more in-depth-Story (although its a "meh")-Side missions- A.I. has been improved-Vendors & Aliens feel a tiny litle bit more alive-Multiplayer*Note - I didnt play the game for a while (As of 7/26/2018) so some improvements may have been added in past updates (Before N.E.X.T)
cupcakeboy	Not Recommended	85.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197972842236/	Boy this is a hard game to rate. After careful consideration I'm sad to be going with a No recommendation. So let's get the negative things out of the way first... Main thing for me is, this game just doesn't treat you to a decent early enjoyable experience. It can be a real grind early on forcing you to laboriously mine for elements that are frequently so far away from your ship that the journey there and back is impossibly difficult to achieve before your exosuit's hazard protection runs out. There's barely enough time to look around and enjoy the view or the creatures. We are talking about your first hours with the game here: a time when a well-designed game should be drowning you in its WOW! factor! You should be staying up late, going into work late, annoying your wife/husband/boyfriend/girlfriend/pet with lack of attention. But that won't be happening with this game. Don't get me wrong: You WILL come back to it, but that will be more driven by frustration and a feeling that YOU must have done something wrong, that YOU just don't 'get' the game.Early inventory management is just a chore: I know there's a balance to be struck here, but once something becomes a chore that'a bad sign. It's reminds me of the resource micromanagement chores that are/were so common in simulator games. I just should not have to continually move mined reources etc from exosuit to spaceship; there needs to be a way to do that automtically. Remember I'm supposed to be having FUN with this game!Alien interaction SHOULD be enthralling but here it is incredibly static and frustrating, relying on oddly-stilted captions that have no relationship to the alien's rather poorly implemented facial expressions. And yes, I said facial expressions because of course they talk in gobbeldy-♥♥♥♥ and you'll have to devote hours just to understand/translate a few words of language (and there are 3 languages. Or 4 maybe?). Like I said, this part of the game, actually interacting with aliens, should have been really thrilling, something to look forward to after the tedium of searching planets for resources all on your lonesome. Instead it feels tacked-on, simply a mechanism to provide a way for you to buy/sell and get missions.Another bothersome thing is that after discovering various waypoints, bases, places of interest, crashed ships etc there is seemingly no way to go back and revisit them. I discovered a Portal, was told to go off and find some glyphs to 'power' the portal (not sure of the terminology here), but after getting lost during the glyph search I was not ever able to find the Portal again. There was no 'pin' to find it. That's just plain annoying. More than that, It's unforgivably poor game design for a discovery game like this.Alright that was a some negative stuff. So let's turn to positives. The planet-side eye-candy is terrific. Fascinating variety of flora and fauna, and strangely enough it doesn't feel so much of a grind to scan/catalog them. Helps that you'll earn currency for doing it. Inter-planetary flight is cool. I got a kick from it every time, though the asteroid belts get annoying but do come in useful for mining some elements while 'in-flight'. There's also hyperdrive flight but I didn't get that far as gathering the resources to create and power it is...well I've already used the word 'grind' and whoops there it is again.In the end, I'm actually sad I couldn't recommend this game. I really wanted to like it! But at its current price it's up thre with AAA games and it just doesn't deliver the quality of experience I expect of an AAA game.
quinner281	Not Recommended	30.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198004986131/	I have to agree with Squirrely1337 on this one - "a mile wide and an inch deep."  I want(ed) to love this game so badly, and I constantly feel like I'm on the edge of doing so, but I can never quite get there.  The scenery can be great, but it's far from seamless or immersive.  The exploration can be engaging, until you start questioning the point of it when you keep finding the same blueprints 20-30 sites in a row.  The combat seems exciting, until you realize every pirate has two or three friends, and can destroy you with a fart.  I wish I could love this game, but I also wish I only had 10hrs logged so I could return it.  One can live with the graphical hitches & occasional CTD, but unless future (FREE!) patches improve gameplay, buyer beware.
HohenheimOfLight	Not Recommended	41.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Spimik365/	The game is the epitomy of repeat, there is 20 things mixed together and when you see all of this 20 things is just over. There is not much to do than endlesly explore the world of bugs&glitches that most possibly cannot be solved because of the procedural generation.In a more described content I would highlight that this game had a great marketing campaing that made us explore till the galaxy core and pass our 2hour limit so we wont be able to refund after we realise what is actually going on. I personally believed that the fact that they said no man's sky is a multy-player game is the beging of the lies that completly broke the trust between the people and Hello games. Watching this turn of events it makes me wonder, is this the only lie that the game served us or is it just the "breakfast" of what we are going to see. After 35 hours of game I issued a refund Which I dont think I will ever receive and that breaks my hurt cause I see a company that I value, steam, taking the side of this company that missleaded people on buying an expensive game with 40% of the features that they promised to have. Even if people doesnt get their refunds, Hello-games is becoming Bye-ByeGames cause they lost their credibility to the gamers.  If Bye-ByeGames try to release a new game I believe it will be really interesting to see how they going to work it out. Anyway, untill new updates come with some real content this time I will not touch the game and I will issue a refund til they stop anwsering to every single refund for  No mans sky. I feel missleaded and missguided by any means and I blame HelloGames for all this.
steele	Not Recommended	39.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197968425244/	Wow. DON'T BUY THIS GAME AND PLAY FOR OVER 2 HOURS - YOU CAN'T GET A REFUND. YES. I AM TICKED OFF. Disclaimer: I bought it and played it. Everything on the videos looked awesome about this game. It is NOT awesome. I tried to get a refund. If you play over 2 hours... you're screwed. READ THE REVIEWS... ALL OF THEM... BEFORE PARTING WITH $60!!__________________________________________________________________Never have I been more dissapointed than with this game. The build up and hype by critics and beta testers... ALL OF THEM had to be on the Hello Games payroll, becasue this game, is awful.The game Elite Dangerous by Frontier.... is WAY more in depth and has FAR more options.Graphics? A joke. Different planets... same rocks and plants with different colors.Total waste of money. Wait until it hits the steam store for $5.99
LifeIsWar216	Not Recommended	22.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198023988601/	I was conned like the rest of us. This game is simply an exercise in boredom and monotony.
Rise Up	Not Recommended	26.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198014087160/	15 hours in.The game is incomplete and lacks any sort of content. A lot like playing in a sandbox without any sand or toys.
X.e.N.o	Recommended	172.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197995764589/	What can i say about No Man's Sky........it had a rough start but Hello Games stuck with it as they promised and with the new 1.3 update No Man's Sky is a deep crafting, trading and exploration game.  I have always loved the game ever since it was released in August 2016.The first few upated were great but the 1.3 is just awsome!!!I'm playing on an 880m gfx card and cant get good fps and need to play in a window mode.  This isnt ideal but it seems stable for me and with 80 hours of play time put into the game, i just know with this update its going to double.So should you get this game.....if you like to explore, its a must buy.Well done Hello Games, i'm looking forward to seeing whats next.
Napalm Sushi	Recommended	30.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197968244741/	Most devs whose game faced the reception that No Man's Sky received would have immediately burned their offices, faked their deaths and retreated to a remote monastery.Hello Games did not do this.A year on, the game has absolutely received a year's worth of hard work that has fundamentally changed and improved it, with entire fully-fleshed new systems being added with each major update. Perhaps this is a sign that, yes, it was released far too early, or it should have released into Early Access, and it's not going to change the fact of a 1.0 release that's universally referred to with terms like "debacle."But this isn't a review of 1.0; it's a review of 1.3, in which, by the way, you can now build colonies and buy capital ships and employ aliens and drive hoverbikes and oh my god so much more.1.3 is Hello Games' redemption.
JaySlingz	Not Recommended	107.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198113023718/	The most dissapointing game I've ever purchased in 25 years of gaming.I really hope they pull it around and prove people wrong. There is ALWAYS hope...
DaddyBumble	Not Recommended	52.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mightyhwabo/	Can't believe this game is still $60 regular price. Even with the progress that's been made, it's a $15-$20 game. I desperately wanted this game to be great, I really did. It's just not. Incredibly forgettable. 
Vissith	Not Recommended	38.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/vissith/	A mind bogglingly vast expanse of mind boggling samey blandness. It's exciting at first but after you lick the frosting off it's just stale grocery store cake underneath.Score: 3/5 "meh"s.
Mr. Rodgers	Not Recommended	23.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/freke7071/	i went in to the game expecting the trailers view with lush planets with lots to see and creatures that would act different. sure all the planets look a little differnet but most are sparse and has some small amounts of trees and/or interesting landscape.i wish the game reflected the trailer. the planets they showed in there gameplay trailer was amazing and i know no mans sky has the ability to be that way but instead the game is a bit of a let down when it comes to actual gameplay, which is sparse and devoid of interesting places to explore. i think this game is a great concept for better games to come.
BlackXanthas	Not Recommended	8.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/BlackXanthas/	should have listened to others and waiting for this until it was like $20. it's seriously all its worth. don't waste your time
Oddbunny	Not Recommended	101.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198009262680/	For what the game was hyped up to be, do not buy.I'm usually see a glass half full, but the lack of content and the price do not justify NMS.The grind to get max suit/ship/multi-tool was fine, afterwards there's literaly no content.The faction standings have no purpose.  It rasies! It lowers!  It does not effect your gameplay!After upgraded multi-tool, nothing is a challenge anymore.Game is worth $20-30 at most.  $60 is highway robbery.Too late for my refund, take this as fair warning.
TheCrazyGuy	Not Recommended	23.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TheCrazyGuy94/	Not much to say about this game other than it is a huuge empty space with nothting to do. there are very few elements and things to obtain or get a use out of. all buildings and most everything look very similar. wait till the price drops. that wont be long at all. sales have dropped 80% in 2 weeks since launch BC of false advertising and crap game with LOADS of POTENTIAL
Kurtis Kapahala	Not Recommended	17.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kurtiskapahala/	I have been gaming for over 25 years and this is the first time my entire life I have been lied to about a game. There is literally no purpose in this game what so ever , there are no factions , no diversity of planets ( they lied about desert/water planets. ) There is ZERO multiplayer  , deisgners lied about so many things , I counted 288 lies ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uTTPlqK8AnY ) seen in that video. If you guys think this game looks good based on gameplay footage I would almost guarentee 95% of it is not even in the game , I don't understand how a company can lie so much. There are zero large creatures , zero large flyign space creatures , it's a joke. I have never been so bummed out in my entire life. If I could I would get a refund. You guys are better off waiting for the next civilization or buy the witcher 3 or something good for 60 USD. Way too many fundemental flaws , user interface is terrible. overall it's just a really bad version of Destiny.
ReoReo	Not Recommended	49.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198199429701/	i have about 30 hours game play and there is so much content missing from what sean murray has said, disspointing!!
Ritsu	Not Recommended	15.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Arixand/	After you can finally get past the issues (unless they're gotten fixed now) you'll find that this game was not as advertised.Lies, broken promises, all of it.I feel like i can't really say much here that heasn't already been said in other reviews (and i'm bad at explaining stuff), so i guess those will help you more than mine (sorry).If you still want this game, do yourself a favor and wait for it to go on sale (like 70%+ or something).
bigmike73	Not Recommended	11.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198009327039/	Bought the game hoping for ... something akin to what was talked about in many of the promo vids. The game is expansive I'll give it that - after the sheer size of the sandbox you can play in, not much else is appealing. Glitchy graphics, bugs, slow response on a system definitely able to handle the requirements have made this a definite disappointment.
Resistance	Not Recommended	4.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198109861048/	:(
Ultmar	Not Recommended	29.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197965392414/	Cannot recommend this game for it's launch price for the amount of content you recieve and the sub-standard optimization that it sports. Pick it up when it is heavily discounted, or part of a bundle.Gameplay is extremely shallow, two dimensional, and repetitive. Attempt at a story within the game is childish at best. Many of the games mechanics are blatantly designed as a time sink without having any other purpose, grinding for grindings sake. After the initial "Wow!" factor wears off, and you depart the planet you start on, the workings of the "magick trick" are laid bare in front of you. It left me feeling let down.Imagine yourself walking in to what appears to be a spacious and well decorated room, seemingly containing an endless supply of curios, knick knacks, and other interesting objects. As you begin to satisfy your curiosity by examining the room and it's items you realize that it's not a room at all, but a fairly narrow hallway lined with mirrors. Suddenly the selection of items at your purview are quite finite, and after you examine the ones within your reach you press on to look at the ones further ahead. After a small amount of time passes you begin to realize that the objects are starting to repeat themselves, with only the slightest variations, and you decide to simply press on and see at least where this hallway leads. After all, you were told there is a door at the end of it that will lead you elsewhere. This hallway turns out to be a whole lot longer than you anticipated, and by the time you are nearing the door you have stopped even noticing the small amount of decor around you, simply pushing on as fast as possible intent on finding out what is beyound that door. Wishing for the journey you just undertook to be justified by what lies beyound this door you burst through it with excitement, that you initially experienced upon entering the "room" in the first place, and find yourself...Walking in to what appears to be a spacious and well decorated room, seemingly containing an endless supply of curios, knick knacks, and other interesting objects... 
Kurtis Kapahala	Not Recommended	17.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kurtiskapahala/	I have been gaming for over 25 years and this is the first time my entire life I have been lied to about a game. There is literally no purpose in this game what so ever , there are no factions , no diversity of planets ( they lied about desert/water planets. ) There is ZERO multiplayer  , deisgners lied about so many things , I counted 288 lies ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uTTPlqK8AnY ) seen in that video. If you guys think this game looks good based on gameplay footage I would almost guarentee 95% of it is not even in the game , I don't understand how a company can lie so much. There are zero large creatures , zero large flyign space creatures , it's a joke. I have never been so bummed out in my entire life. If I could I would get a refund. You guys are better off waiting for the next civilization or buy the witcher 3 or something good for 60 USD. Way too many fundemental flaws , user interface is terrible. overall it's just a really bad version of Destiny.
ReoReo	Not Recommended	49.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198199429701/	i have about 30 hours game play and there is so much content missing from what sean murray has said, disspointing!!
EZPZ Lemon Weezy	Not Recommended	37.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/EZPZLemonWeezy/	I HATE SEAN MURRAY FOR LYING. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kuz3WETd4ug 
roflzord	Not Recommended	90.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/roflzord/	So after long anticipation for this game, I can safely say I am sorely disappointed in the product I paid for, and for a number of reasons. I've put 17 hours into this game so far. I wanted to give it a solid chance, like I do with most games I purchase. I played it solid for about 8 hours after exploring 2 planets, and came to realise that the game was just a repetitive grindfest/time sink: go to planet A, scan for objective B, collect material C, document flora/fauna D, rinse repeat until you decide to turn it off and play something else. I came back to it a day or two later to put another 5 hours into it just to give another chance, and found that the next 3 planets I hopped to were just as boring. I did the same again for the next revisit of my playtime, to which I have come to the conclusion that I do not foresee myself playing the game again.On launch, the game ran fine. Running at 144 frames on a 144hz monitor, with a 4790k, 16GB RAM, and a 980Ti, it was smooth as butter. My only gripe with the UI from launch, was the constant annoyances of holding a button to do this that or the other, and the sound bugs and alerts of your suit being low at 75%.. Following the recent updates, this game just does not run well at all, 30/40fps with it on low, or high, with every type of AA tested.Couple the above with it being nothing at all what the media and teasers had hyped it up to be, I was even more disappointed with this game, having followed it closely for 2 years since learning of its development. I'm not even going to mention the whole deal with the supposed multiplayer aspect either.Would I recommend this game? Not at all, possibly if it comes down in price to say £15, and then goes on sale? Sure.
Hamwok	Not Recommended	13.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Hamwok/	I killed my bank acccount after purchasing then i killed myself after playing for 3 hours and not being able to refund
Insurrection	Not Recommended	10.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198048993692/	Theres nothing in this ♥♥♥♥ing game that they showed in the trailers. Theres no giant aliens or unique planets to discover. No freighter crashes to explore or fleets to attack. Youre basically playing an exploration/resource gathering sim. This massive game world just feels empty.Early acces game by an indie company that was pushed as a Triple A title.
S†ºñèdMºñkèý	Not Recommended	95.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197990741323/	Biggest disappointment in all my years of playing video games!
Speeed0	Not Recommended	3.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/3lee/	Glad i refunded. Such a waste of money/time. Never buy and you'll be happy.
Ravenloft	Not Recommended	15.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198258348450/	Horrible waste of money.  A home castration kit is more fun.
Awake	Not Recommended	11.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TheChampionOfLight/	TL:DR https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AtVDDk7jodcToday's Review: One Man's Lie... i mean No Man's Sky.Overview: After proper consideration i've come arround the idea to make a full review of this game, after all is only the worst game i've played on Steam, which beats ubisoft and EA by FAR. No Man's Sky is a "procedurally generated universe" that's about a few climates, some animals that seems like mixing dinosaurs and normal animals, plants, planets full of plutonium and the same borring pathers for the entire game. Your goal is to explore, to travel to any planet you can see in the sky, this is just a complete misoportunity to create a large universe to explore using the same assets over and over again, all npc have the same dialoges of trade, all huts and space station are the exact same, there are no npc outside huts, no civilizations, no space combat, all the ships are the same. NO ONLINE MULTIPLAYER, and yeah SPOILERS AHEAD: but seriously when you reach the center of the galaxy, the game takes you back to a starter planet and you have to do all over again, this game is honestly a sad depressing misleading bs from Hello Games that completly killed any chance of me buying any game from them ever again, they did and show a lot of promise for example free dlc, which is not going to happend, they lied to the player base and charge full price: 59.99 dollars for a barebone game that hardly cost 20 at this point, honestly the amount of frustration this game gave alongside with the TERRIBLE PERFORMANCE ON MY PC THAT NOT EVEN JUST CAUSE 3 CAN MATCH completly killed my mod to play this game, sadly i cannot refund this game, all i can do is warn you DO NOT BUY THIS GAME, FOR ANY PRICE! this game is a lie straight to customers charged full price, missing most featured promesed with serious performance issues, don't be fouled by the positive reviews this game have, they are mostly fanboys thinking they can save the sinking ship Hello Games is, Sean Murray is a liar and to take a team of 15 for a project like this is a joke, hell knowing what this game is i won't take it as a gift.Score: 11/100Plus AngryJoe review: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uTTPlqK8AnYPlus Honest Game Trailers: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6wsFhv_Kz38 
matthew	Not Recommended	40.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/matthewvogt/	12/31/17fun for like 3 hours then goes back to sucking.2017:currentctdbefore update atl whateverOh and its still $60 bucks. really? I wouldn't pay over $10 for this game.Came back for basbuilding. very soon i found myself asking, well myself, Why am I playing this game again? Whos going to see my base or even care? Not an NPC thats for sure they cant even get out of their ships. A year later and they cant get out of their ships or walk around, Its the same thing with a clever update tag. I will never buy a hello games game ever again. EVER! Do you hear that Hello Games? No you don't because you arn't listening to what people want. You say you do but honestly your company is still the same company that feed us lies. MORE THAN ONCE! Check back in another year to check on this game. Fiy if you do, it will be the same game. I just pulled the "about game" Detials for this game from the store page. lets look at the list of lies this company still spreads. "In No Man's Sky, every star is the light of a distant sun, each orbited by planets filled with life, and you can go to any of them you choose."Lies, nothing in no mans sky orbits anything. just static in space. Second, other than some animal life theres not much life. You can go anywhere you choose thou."you'll discover places and creatures that no other players have seen before"maybe true but everything looks so close to being the same thing. a speach stone looks like a speech stone, no matter what planet or space. Same goes for every object / base / outpost."At the centre of the galaxy lies a irresistible pulse which draws you on a journey towards it to learn the true nature of the cosmos." Watch someone get to the center on youtube, they will be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and prolly say this is a lie. when you get there theres no cutsence or anything. *spoiler********* You just start over with everything you have broken. what did i learn? Not to trust your company. thanks.2016:trash. after 10 hours you have seen everything. We were shown a game that wasn't the real thing. watch the trailers for all of those who have played so far. Its fun and great for about 10 hours. Ive put 25 into it on pc and 10 on ps4 and i feel like ive seen almost everything in the game. * spoilers *if you get to center of galazy it starts over. lame i want a refund now.
Maze	Not Recommended	9.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/archilles89/	No Man's Refund
Apex_Lycan	Recommended	45.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197979938327/	So..I gave this game a chance since it was on sale and I have really enjoyed it. Like many others have said the devs did lie about some features but I really gotta give them credit for sticking with the game and not taking the money and running. This game and the devs reputation will always be damaged due to the release. But if they keep updates rolling out with the features promised then perhaps they can earn the trust of many. Lesson to be learned here is to never hop on a hype train...especially when money is involved.As for the game. I recommend it. Absolutely. It does feel repetitive at times. So if you followed this game pre-release and wanted it....get it now while its on sale. 
Jayson	Recommended	27.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/anotherbobhead/	I really really really like No Man's Sky and always have. I love how dedicated the developers and community have been to the game since it came out. I know it wasn't what everyone was looking for, but...this is something truly special in my opinion and worth a try. I don't regret buying it on launch, and I have loved watching it evolve other the years. I'm sincerely hoping if anyone out there reads this, you consider giving the game a try, especially with the NEXT patch. Just load up the game, relax, explore, and enjoy yourself and maybe make a few friends and memories along the way!
Reality_Simulator	Recommended	454.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198142311715/	Is it worth $60? This will depend on who you are as a person %100. It's an aquired taste, I think.For me: I unknowingly needed this game to exist. It's given me a taste of my truest dreams come true, and although it's still buggy as all hell; It's getting there. (verrry slowly) Put on some David Bowey and dream of mars.
LannyLee	Recommended	58.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Valkyrei/	This was my review prior to the 1.1 update________________________________________________________________________________"This game has failed miserably, I am VERY annoyed that I am stuck with this garbage in my game library because it is completely terrible and I will most likely never play it again. When the game first came out it had over 200,000 players on at one point, now there is a mear 800. If that doesn't prove this game is the biggest scam of 2016 I don't know what does. The devs completely lied about countless features that were meant to be in this game."________________________________________________________________________________I clearly had very strong feeling about the game after playing for about 40 or so hours, but now that Hello Games have released the new update I decided I needed to revist the game in order to see what sort of improvements were made.Obviously the update doesn't add all the features we were told about before the game was launched, but it does add content that we had all hoped to receive and that's awesome. It shows that Hello Games have started taking a step in the right direction in hopes to fix their game. I really did enjoy the game when it first was released, but did quickly realize how much content was actually not in the game. It's very nice to see the developers going back to try fixing this by adding content many players were excited about.Thoughts about the 1.1 update______________________Game Modes--------------- The additon of game modes is very nice, I think it's a great way to allow different kinds of players to enjoy the game. The three modes areNormal - this is what most players who revisit the game will know, it's basically the same as before 1.1 but with the new content such as base buildingSurvival - Practically the same as normal, but with a very steep learning curve. I personally really loved the challenge, you start in a random location on a planet (from my multiple games I noticed all the planets had some sort of harsh environment), and in order to get your ship you have to gather materials and reach you ship (the ship seemed to be anywhere from 8-15 minutes away from your spawn location)Creative - Much like creative mode in minecraft. You have god mode, and unlimited materials. It's a great mode for building up a base if you want to see what all you can do with it.Base Building__________- The base building is fun and simple. Being able to set up a planet as a "home base" was something I was excited about from the start of the game, it's very simple and I can already tell how useful the bases will actually be. They will not be something you spend time on and then forget about within an hour.- Hiring people from the different races is an interesting way to liven up the bases.- As you hire people to work at your base they will give you missions to go gather materials in order to advance or learn how to make a new building, the "base researches" is a great way to add somwhat of a "questing system".- Within the bases it seems like you have you own personally space stations, which is very nice. No more flying back and forth once you fill up your ship with materials.- Having a teleporter that can transport you from the space station to your base is actually very cool, I always hated having to fly to the space station just to buy some material I couldn't find on the planets easily.Materials_______ - The new materials are interesting, I like the idea of needing to research certain equipment in order to harvest new materials.- Some of the new materials require you to have sort of gauntlet in order to harvest, I think it's great that you now need more than just your multi-tool in order to fully harvest a planet for all of its worth.As I said above I really enjoyed experiencing the new content and found it very simple yet enjoyable. I think it's great to see Hello Games finally make a comeback after letting down so many people, it's obvious they spent a lot of time on the new content in order to make it up to the older players and to make sure they gave quality content to their players.________________________________________________________________________________This is probably the part where I start to get thumbs down because of my review________________________________________________________________________________After revisiting NMS and checking out the newest update I think 99% of the recent reviews on this game should be removed. They are clearly people who hardly tried the game before deciding they wanted to give it a negative review like everyone else. If you read their reviews they can't even tell you want they disliked about the game, how can you give a negative review but not explain what you disliked.I think Hello Games did a great job with the 1.1 update, and I think that most of the negative reviews should be ignored until you get the check out the game yourself. 
^9phalen	Not Recommended	9.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197962203746/	i regret everything
Kabuki	Not Recommended	84.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Zosh/	I believe this game should get the “Biggest letdown of the year” Award
denym_	Recommended	54.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/denym_/	I liked it even in Vanilla!
Da66y	Not Recommended	170.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198123554320/	This is barely a $5 game let alone a $60. Almost everything that was advertised did not make it to the final game. This game is a P.O.S.
I SEE STARS	Not Recommended	19.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Stygg123/	this is a solid NO from my part for 60e20e MAYBE
azgocazo	Not Recommended	30.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198021099593/	Where is the content that was promised on the trailer???Are HelloGames going to release those as DLC???If si, it should be free as they were the contents that were promised to be released on day 1!P.S. more than a year later, still the game is not as good as the trailer...
human form of an ingrown toenail	Not Recommended	4.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/olengommunisdi/	♥♥♥♥
Goat	Not Recommended	6.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197985073438/	Repetitive, UI is for consoles, low frame rates on a high end machine, procedurally generated planets are only different because colors and temperatures are different, not the product that was hyped... Huge dud.
ScaurZ-	Not Recommended	0.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Scaurz/	No Man's Lie a game about infinite lies as you explore more lies
UndeadRyBread	Not Recommended	53.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198084843077/	I wanted this game to be good so badly. I was decieved into pre-purchasing the game by the trailers and now it feels like an open gaping wound, which started off as a scratch called Battlefront EA.
azgocazo	Not Recommended	30.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198021099593/	Where is the content that was promised on the trailer???Are HelloGames going to release those as DLC???If si, it should be free as they were the contents that were promised to be released on day 1!P.S. more than a year later, still the game is not as good as the trailer...
human form of an ingrown toenail	Not Recommended	4.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/olengommunisdi/	♥♥♥♥
Goat	Not Recommended	6.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197985073438/	Repetitive, UI is for consoles, low frame rates on a high end machine, procedurally generated planets are only different because colors and temperatures are different, not the product that was hyped... Huge dud.
Da66y	Not Recommended	170.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198123554320/	This is barely a $5 game let alone a $60. Almost everything that was advertised did not make it to the final game. This game is a P.O.S.
Enigma	Not Recommended	139.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/enigmaticle/	Really wish I'd refunded this sooner, if you are looking at getting this game, even after a few months from it's release, don't bother, worst overhype in game history, I think it even surpasses Fable tbh, don't bother with it, save your money, I wsh I had.*** UPDATE 7/28/2018 ***With the recent implementation of NEXT and actually having Multiplayer like they promised when they first released, this game is worth it if you have the 29.99 to spare for the sale.
boomerkc	Not Recommended	13.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/boomerkc/	Complete waste of my hard earned money. Do not buy his game. It's not even a game in my book. Pointless trash.
Hellicious	Not Recommended	5.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197973677849/	The game idea was great. Sean Murray made it seem that we would be able to play with our friends and explore together, however, the reality is that you are alone in your gameplay. If you are lucky enough to keep playing the game for a stable amount of time. The game crashed on me either in loading or within the first 15 minutes of gameplay. My pc's specs are well above the recommended, and I still had performance issues in the game.If you like exploring a universe without interacting with other players or dealing with performance issues, this game is for you. For everyone else, I'd suggest you find another game.
SearingRouge8	Not Recommended	19.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198137361815/	As you can see by most of the reviews for this game, false advertising is probably the biggest reason for me to dislike the game, besides the lack of content, which was something I feel cheated on. I sincerly feel that we as the community that bought the game hoping for a good experience, were lied to, we should be able to be refunded even if we have 17 + hours in it because we tried to find the good in it. I truely did, and I just couldn't. Especially after waiting through so many delays, they could of at least given us the full promised game.However the base is there now, they need to build up on that, or even the community (yes I mean they should release modding tools at least so if they don't want to make it better, we can).Long story short, this game is not worth $60 US, which is even more considering I had to convert $ AUS to buy it. For what we were promised and shown, not there. And I feel that all of us who did try to give the game the benefit of the doubt should still be able to get a refund even if it has been however long, especialy with the false advertising, not to mention 2 hours of play time was not enough time to fully decide to refund the game, because at that point it was still somewhat a decent game, for what was there.
fuck you	Not Recommended	20.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/GeorgeZippp/	Wasted Potential
Mufassah	Not Recommended	18.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197998956535/	Update: I see the reviews have greatly improved on this game and the devs seem to be consistently adding new content, which is a huge improvement in itself.  However, I haven't had the opportunity to play it again but I did nominate the game for the Steam award "Cry Havoc And Let Slip The Dogs Of War" because it has potential and, as far as I know, that's pretty much all it has.  May update in the future.I really had such high hopes for this game.  I've always wanted to be able to travel through the universe and see things that no one will ever even dream of and this was, what I had hoped to be, my closest opportunity to that dream becoming reality.Evidently the devs made this game with the Steam two hour refund window in mind.  Within two hours, I had seen pretty much everything this game had to offer.  All the planets, life, and resources were very generic and had an easily recognizable pattern. I was past the Steam refund time so I decided to keep playing and hope I would find something interesting enough to make me continue to actually want to play it.  It even became a grind to have enough resources to be able to travel to other galaxies, not to mention that, even with largely upgraded slots on my suit and my ship, I was constantly running out of room and almost impossible to find somewhere to sell the junk.TLDR: grindy, not fun for more than a few hours at best, way overhyped, and as many other reviews have stated - promises went unfulfilled.  Part of me regrets buying this game and will probably never buy another game within the first few days of release cause I don't enjoy getting my♥♥♥♥♥♥pushed in, and part of me tries to convince myself that a few hours were enjoyable as I cry myself to sleep each night with an empty stomach.
OldGregg	Not Recommended	15.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/spicysaddam/	lmao when are they going to be forced to change the previews
GuyPerson54	Not Recommended	90.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/thedivisionofficial/	I do not reccomend this game. It's very repetitive, the worlds and creatures are boring, and everything just feels so dang SLOW. Even the Pulse Drives, which as far as I can tell, are supposed to convey a sense of speed, take so much time to get from place to place it's not even funny. What essentially happens in each system is this, with very little divergence:1. go to planet2. look for materials for warp cell, if there are no materials, repeat step 13. make warp cell4. go to new system5. repeatUnless you have nothing better to do besides play this boring mess, don't even think about it.To developer: Hello Games, your project was ambitious, and you tried. I respect that, but please, next time, look to this as an example and try to do better.
Zenith	Not Recommended	85.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198027423390/	Scam.  Wish I could get my money back.
wizardbreath	Not Recommended	3.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197988892241/	I am willing to concede that disappointment is a feature of pre-purchasing a game, but there are many design flaws in the game that really make it unplayable aside from the hype let down.Some of the game design issues, in addition to the game's comparatively disappointing features, include: boring NPCS, no sense of scale for your journey, the procedurally generated planets that you visit are all quite homogenous in their content, no challenge and little satisfaction in exploring, a generally grindful experience with no real system of rewards, an ill-designed inventory and UI system, and broadly deficient game.
Norfirr ☆	Not Recommended	11.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/norfirr/	First I really liked it. After a few hours i realised that iI was doing the same thing over and over again.
Orion Von Walker	Not Recommended	110.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198017682658/	i gave this game a good amount of time 109 hours. the more i played it, the more angry at it i became. i wanted it to be what i was told it would be, but it wasnt, it isnt, it will never be. i feel robbed. im very very dissapointed.im looking at you Sean Murray.
Volley	Not Recommended	39.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197977303452/	I didn't buy NMS becuse of the advertising videos. As I didnt watch them. trying to keep the game a genuine surprise.What Hello Games have done here is construct a wonderful Engine. Which can generate a beautiful universe for us to explore. Whey they then FOGOT, was to then fill it with ANYTHING to do.I spent 6-7 Hours on the first planet trying to get as much as I could from it. Expecting the next to be different.Only to find the NEXT 6-7 hours to be absolutely identicle to the last.I'm and old school Everquest Fan. So i know all about grinding. Thing is, the EQ grind was more often then not met with success. The hours (days) of waiting/working/camping finally paid off and made the effort all worth while. I feel no reward for time spent on NMS. What I'm hoping is that hello games will now dissappear into their office. work there arses of. and release a massive free patch that adds fricking content. I genuinly believe there is an oppurtunity here for a ground breaking genre changing experience. Maybe 15 people just arent enough to make it happen. 
Schlappilu	Not Recommended	12.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198146271366/	The thing about this game is that it feels great the first few hours if you do not already have technical problems... but if you enter the second Sun System everything repeats! The advertised changes are so minimalist, you do not have a quest or something and the survival/ action factor is kind of not existing! There are no awesome space battles the buildings of the aliens are all the same and Multiplayer does not exist. In the end you played a few hours until this "super awesome new algorithm" repeats everything that you just saw and did. It is simply not the game Hello Games advertised and it is by far not worth its money!
Wolfsangel6	Not Recommended	12.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198283487273/	The game isnt even worth pirating!! 
Professor_Finesser	Not Recommended	55.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/nickakabatman/	This game is literally a grind. 1) Repair your ship2) Leave the planet3) Farm & grind4) Repeat5) Repeat6) Repeat7) Leave galaxy for new scenery8) All galaxies actually look exactly the same, save a different color scheme8) See step 3
Ozzmoddious	Not Recommended	59.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/luscirex/	Just goes to show that a pretty E3 trailer and a massive hype train can ruin a career in game development. Don’t buy this game, and in the future avoid the names Sean Murray and Hello Games like a plague.
Cuddly Kaiju	Not Recommended	7.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Davidkazama/	As wide as the ocean, as shallow as a puddle.Most of the features are missing and the gameplay is shallow and repetitive.The trailers and screenshots on the store page are not representative of this product.
[IGG] Jaypee	Not Recommended	122.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198008746678/	Altough NMS sports some great technical feats. It lacks in almost everyting what a propper game should have: It hase verry little depth Hardly any game mechanics And no endgame to speak ofThe first thirty hours I enjoyed though I was getting the feeling things where not as deep is I've come to expect from games. Also boredom was setting in. The next thirty hours were me looking for those famous dinosaur planets. End result: nothing interesting found. That sums up kinda also my general feeling about the game: it's a nice tech demo with verry litte content and gameplay.
Punkit	Not Recommended	20.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/punkit86/	Gets old really quicky
Philopappus	Not Recommended	7.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/philopappus/	Ok I guessNot what was promised tho so very much a let downWould have been good if it was only like $20-$30If the price drops to that point I think it would be worth it
Darksenlol	Not Recommended	15.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Darksenlol/	I want my money back :(
Inferno	Not Recommended	57.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198165450438/	I liked it then it got boring, really boring
REVOCS	Not Recommended	89.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198008999923/	this game will deficate on your soul, dont get it
MissFushi	Not Recommended	2.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/MissFushi/	Simply put, the developer was dishonest about this game and its content.  This game would NOT have been so hated if they did not give it a AAA Price Tag and told us what was really in it. Also, *SPOILER*, have the center of the galaxy be a reset button is a giant middle finger to players everywhere. WHOSE idea was that? Because we all know a gamer's favorite part of a game is when it gets reset and all their progress goes down the toilet.
SupperWithFoxGlove	Not Recommended	78.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SupperWithFoxglove/	LAWSUIT.obviously a game that was a victim of a bully production company eager for the quarterly cash in.Standing ovation to the creatorand the team for making their idea come into reality.It's worth being in your library.
I Am Become Death	Not Recommended	35.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/tri0ptimum/	Hello Games disgusts me with this release. I'll never even look at anything you develop again, Sean Murray. You're just a bag of lies.
allnewluke	Not Recommended	20.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198150285732/	i want a refund
REVOCS	Not Recommended	89.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198008999923/	this game will deficate on your soul, dont get it
hitpoints	Not Recommended	81.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198022177489/	Dull, repeatative, brain-dead, glichy.
Shrekelstein	Not Recommended	20.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198127641804/	I don't reccomend this game, there is nothing to do, no compelling story and barely any action. Once you've seen one ice planet, you've seen em all It might as well be 1 of every type of planet. And it's not even like it can be forgiven like an Indie game could because it is Triple A.
Wumpty Dumpty	Not Recommended	9.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198121881645/	I played the game before, but the thing i wanted most did not change. My review will stay negitive until they add multiplayer.
twitch.tv/dmmc	Not Recommended	9.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/dmcdakota/	Don't buy this game.
Bambi	Not Recommended	103.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198006688392/	Sean Murray and Hello Games lied to scam us into buying a husk of a game at full price.
DeltaV	Not Recommended	88.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197991966161/	The first 1/3rd of the game's title says it all.
Novalith	Not Recommended	503.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197973299683/	Please do not waste your money on this game.  It is not the worst game I have ever played but even if you were to enjoy it the $60 is far too much.  If I had only spent $20 dollars and the game was not so repetitive I might recommend it.  Some will not mind the shoddy gameplay but even those people shouldn't spend $60
IggyPops	Not Recommended	33.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/billywoodface/	This game is no where near worth 40 pounds. I work hard for my crap wage and i feel as though ive been robbed. Maybe 10 pounds might have been more realistic. Wont be buying any more games from this developer.
Swagboy	Not Recommended	2.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/IUrite/	badbadbad
Dragonhead Gaming	Not Recommended	62.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/DragonheadGaming/	With a heavy heart I pen this review. I really wanted to love this game and I tried. I really tried. At the most this should be a $20-$30 Early Access game as it was released practically unplayable and with patches has made it playable for most people but it does not deliver the content expected of a $60 AAA title that they marketed the game as. The storyline is vague and easily lost. Yes it is a game of exploration but I don't feel it should be a game of exploring the internet trying to figure out what to do. Planets begin to feel too similar after awhile and the game becomes a lesson in grinding and jumping from planet to planet that begin to look carbon copy. I hope in the future they release updates (not paid DLC) that will bring the game's value up to match it's release price. If they continue to update and improve the game then I will change my review. In the current state of the game it's is not worth it's price but worth picking up if it goes on sale for under $20 and you don't mind the repetitiveness of mining for resources.UPDATE: After a couple patches the game runs even worse and has worse performance issues on my system when I can even get it to load.
markimrock	Not Recommended	27.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198067383121/	THIS GAME IS UNFINISHED!!! please dont buy this game. i have 16gb ram... run very slow... bad optimization. i run gta 5 and assassins creed syndicate easy here... dont buy nms now!
=(eGO)= RedDragonKnight | 502	Not Recommended	18.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/reddragonknight/	Even mods couldn't keep me playing this game for long.game still sucks
Quinnzoid	Not Recommended	27.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198041602629/	23 of the 27 hours I played of this game was just to obtain the 48 slot ship, You can imagine my regret finding out that this is merely a fragment of what could be a cool game. I was really looking forward to playing this game along with my friends and meeting them on distant planets :(
statixFEAR	Not Recommended	110.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198142530888/	This game is just disgusting now. Sure it was enjoyable the first couple of hours... but to find out towards the end that everything I have been doing was meaningless and pointless. Just disgraceful! And now, I'm in too deep that Steam doesn't even refund me because I've played the game quite a bit already, hoping that it would have gotten better eventually. That was my mistake... never again!
Matt_13	Recommended	76.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Matt_13_/	Woah.This was my first reaction to starting a new game. So much has changed, and for the better. NEXT has definitely made NMS closer to it's original E3 "demo". I am enjoying playing the game again, and have much more to discover!The game is still a complete grindfest though :) 
mrcaptainamazing	Not Recommended	32.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mrcaptainamazing/	Pretty decent game. However, quickly sends my gtx980 to 80°C, and it stays that hot whilst playing. Only game that does it, and as soon as I exit the game, the card temperature drops quickly back to mid 30's.No reply from the devs as to why this could be happening, and so for that reason, although I like the game, I cannot play it anymore.
[IGG] Jaypee	Not Recommended	122.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198008746678/	Altough NMS sports some great technical feats. It lacks in almost everyting what a propper game should have: It hase verry little depth Hardly any game mechanics And no endgame to speak ofThe first thirty hours I enjoyed though I was getting the feeling things where not as deep is I've come to expect from games. Also boredom was setting in. The next thirty hours were me looking for those famous dinosaur planets. End result: nothing interesting found. That sums up kinda also my general feeling about the game: it's a nice tech demo with verry litte content and gameplay.
