Minder_1 [GSC]	Recommended	441.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198023238078/	I've never been a hardcore Battletech fan, although I've a history with older MechWarrior series, but I do love turn based strategy/tactics games.When I heard Jordan Weisman & his team at HBS started working on Battletech, I honestly got excited cause... Shadowrun Returns & Shadowrun: Hong Kong! As soon as the game was out, I bought it and now have invested over 200 hours in different campaigns. The following is only about the single-player side of the game:The result; I'm somehow torn. The story is mediocre, most of the characters are ok - more voiceover dialogue instead of text would have been great - and the soundtrack feels like a droning noise after a while. There is a tutorial-like start to the game, which you sadly cannot skip when you start a new campaign as it is tied to the story. It can get tedious to start a new campaign, especially after your first or second tries. The tutorial missions are poorly designed, they do not properly explain the game mechanics detailed enough. The learning curve is not steep, but I would have felt more comfortable deciding on what to do if I had a bit more info available. Especially during the beginning phase of the game with limited resources, every misstep caused by lack of available info is annoying.The campaign, apart from the tutorial start, is solid. Missions are nicely scripted, enemies are mostly worth your while and the rewards you get from completing these are satisfying enough.However, as you keep playing the campaign and getting more side missions done, you start to notice the same map coming up one time too often, where the enemy spawn spots are identical. Bigger maps have been divided to smaller portions and reused in these side missions, so when you know where your enemy is coming from, you're already 1-0 in front. After a while, you get a feeling of where the enemies will spawn from, what type of mechs or vehicles you will face off. This feeling leads to monotony. You get in to a tedious routine in all the side missions; Position your lance, hunt down seperate groups of enemy mechs, fly back to your ship. It also does not help that the battles are slow paced, often caused by mech animations which you can opt to switch off, there are some meaningless pauses between the turns during the battle - if anybody has any idea why, let me know. More than once you will ask yourself why the briefing told you it is a very difficult mission but that you just steam-rolled some vehicles and a poor heavy or an assault mech.You generally do not need any light mechs after the mid-game, it's viable to go all in heavy or assault lance formation to any kind of mission, which makes tactics go down the drain. Pick heaviest mechs, fill them up with tons of weapons and ammo, sprint to the location, wait for your iniative in the round, shoot everything you can to the nearest mech and keep going. Some of the mechanics in the game are made redundant, such as "Sensor Lock", an ability that reveals detected contacts and removes some of their evasion, but shooting a mech also removes evasion and in most cases, you will just shoot everything at it. Ideally, you would use this ability with a light mech in a scout role, however the way game plays, you just need 4 of the biggest mechs you can find and go on a attrition war with AI. If you are not randomly clicking on your screen, you will come on top most of the time.Why did I play it over 200 hours although my review is leaning towards the negative side? All in all, the game is promising, it still needs something more, something like what happened with XCOM 2 and the expansion set "War of the Chosen". There are really entertaining moments (mostly thanks to the RNG gods), nice story missions, lots of mechs to catch. If you resist the urge to field 4 assault mechs and try to play a bit tactical, making it unnecessary hard for yourself, you have a solid base game where you can try new approaches with different mechs. This game will get better with time, hopefully we will not have to pay absurd amounts for DLCs in the future since Paradox Interactive acquired HBS.If you like turn-based strategy/tactics games, I would recommend that you wait for sale, give Paradox & HBS some time to come up with new DLCs and updates, then buy the game.EDIT:Started playing around with mods and got really into one that is called "Roguetech". Think about Long War for XCOM and apply it to Battletech; AWESOME! ;)The game got patched/updated in the meanwhile, works better.Buy this game, finish the base game, start tinkering with mods, play it again and again and again! :)
[DL] Blackraptor	Not Recommended	63.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197998959113/	There was a great moment on my last mission.I had finally collected enough salvage to put together a Jagermech and after careful analysis of it's 12 weapon slots, I  went with a short range arsenal of an AC/20 and a full compliment of medium lasers and machine guns.After waiting 13 days these modifications to complete, and then another 15 for me to get to a star system with a mission, I was ready. While my long ranged mechs whittled away my opponents' armor, the Jagermech sprinted through a forest until he could close to nearly melee range and unleash his full arsenal. The autocannon and lasers blew through what was left of the target's armor and machine guns shredded its internals.Ammo and heat limitations meant I couldn't keep up this assault for long, but by the time that was a major consideration, over half the enemy lance were wrecked or limping with most of their vital weapons destroyed.If all that sounds awesome enough to you that you'd be willing to endure 1-1.5 hours of tedium to have moments like that, then this game might be for you(though see below for all the annoying BS you'll have to deal with). For anyone else, customizable mech combat is basically the only thing this game does a great job of, so if that doesn't do it for you, you should go play something else.==Most Mechs Are Useless==There are no tonnage limits, and you're always restricted to 4 mechs a mission and there are only a few extremely conditional circumstances you might want a lighter mech.Okay, so they're not useful endgame, but they might be useful as you level up, right?WRONG!Salvage is limited such that barring very specific builds and circumstances, you'll end up having to kill the same mech 3 times before you can salvage it. Different variants of a mech can't be combined, and with 30 possible light/medium mechs(and variants), I found it impossible to get the necessary set of 3 for a 66% of the light/medium roster of them before they were made obsolete by mechs provided via the story(55/60/90 ton mechs are provide in relatively early missions).==Annoying and Unnecessary Waiting==ALL OVER THE PLACE.It's like they looked at X-COM 2's fatigue/injury system and tried to copy it without understanding why it works at forcing the player to build a deep roster. In X-COM1. The game will continue whether or not you're ready, so you better have some sort of backup troops ready.2. Troop experience is a critical method of advancement, and it's rewarding to see other characters level up.Neither of these are true for Battletech, and some forms of waiting, like installing new weapons on a mech you just got or traveling to a system with missions you can actually do, serve no purpose other than to possibly mask the waiting for your favorite troops or mechs to be ready (WHICH WAS THE POINT OF THE SYSTEM IN THE FIRST PLACE.)==Lack of Polish==-There's ~a 1 second lag when switching between various menus on your ship.-When you deal enough damage to destroy a mech or knock it over, they take the hit, wait a second, and then play an their falling down animation. It feels horribly disjointed.-There's a significant lack of mission types. It's not uncommon to finish all the missions on one planet, and fly to another, only to encounter the exact same type of mission you just did. ==Terrible Storytelling==Look, I realize none of us are coming to this game for the story, but it hits you like a rack of LRMs. I'm not sure if it's the actors or HBS relative inexperience with voiced dialogue but it's painful. Voicelines are overwrought, swelling with unearned emotion and lacking any sense of subtlety. During story missions characters will explicitly and repeatedly spell out what their motivations are. It's so bad I actively want to avoid story missions to not be subjected to more of it.There's a bunch of characters on your ship that you can talk to about their histories, but since they never come on missions or do anything interesting in the story I never felt any motivation to learn more about them.==Conclusion==I don't know what to tell you, if you're a starved Battletech strategy fan that hasn't gotten a decent game since Mech Commander 2 in 2001, you probably have such a desperately low bar for competence that this game will satisfy you, barely. Everyone else should stay away.
k4nd17r33	Recommended	60.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/k4nd17r33/	Beautiful merge of XCOM's tactical layer with Shadowrun's storytelling.Not an easy game for a strategy game beginner, UI and gameplay looks messy at first so it is easy to get confused or understand what the game is about.You will like this game if you liked:XCOM series (tactical layer, battle mechanics)Shadowrun series (story, flow, character development)Endless Space/Endless Legend (UI, character art)Mass Effect series (scenario)Eve Online (character art, atmosphere)Freelancer (mission flow, atmosphere)
Auburok	Not Recommended	94.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Auburok/	BATTLETECH isn't a bad game, but it needs a lot more fleshing out to be considered worthy of a $39.99 price tag.Here's the skinny on why I think that:The campaign is short, very linear, and not particularly engaging. It's the age old problem of trying to get players to care about characters. The solution here appears to be repeated attempts to reenforce how important characters are through other characters, without any sort of bond formed through gameplay. Lackluster.Said campaign takes place in a corner of the map. The rest of the map has nothing of interest that I've found so far.Random encounters tend to be the same events over and over again. The encounters don't really change at all, either after multiple completions. I've made a few thousand Triple F burgers by now, the text indicating that it's "very rare" each time.Battles are focused around your group of four Battlemechs--a lance--versus enemies of varying numbers. On paper this isn't really a problem, but the randomly generated missions tend to botch this up pretty badly. For example: a mission where you assassinate a target might have one strong enemy, his escort, and reenforcements. You'd expect to attack the target and his cohorts, then fight off the reenforcements, right? Nah, because of how they place enemies you'll fight all twelve at once. This forces a particular play style. It kind of sucks.You can't rearrange your 'mechs in the bays at all. For a game about managing a mercenary company of Battlemechs, you'd think this would be a basic inclusion.Your character's personal history has a lot of flavor but no actual substance. You'll chirp in with some loosely related blurbs (almost non-sequiturs) that don't really do anything but have the characters briefly address it before moving on.The game looks okay, but it doesn't run very well.There are balance issues. Evasion becomes underpowered once you fight more than a lance at a time.Endgame is pretty barren. There is nothing new of note that opens up. The map is freely explorable, but it is just nodes, stores and hiring halls in addition to the randomly generated contracts that are available during the entire campaign.Excitement over new mechs and weapons fizzles out toward the end. There isn't much to look forward to. There is limited LosTech available.I'm trying to find the silver lining and see if I can have some fun, or at least find some interesting stuff in the areas that are now available. I have no doubt Paradox Interactive will have their typical DLC policies pushed on HBS, and we'll see DLC packs for paint jobs, or some 11.99 pack that adds one quest line, but the base game itself just needs so much more.I'd pass on this until they flesh this thing out a LOT. It's not a terrible game, but it has too many problems. I don't think I would have bought it if I knew this is how it'd end up being.
jossserand	Not Recommended	162.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198007550176/	I really, really, wanted to like this game. I've waited years. I remember be first introduced to Mechwarrior 2, back in the day. I ran tabletop campaigns for my friends. It's been 17 years since Mechwarrior 4. I was one of the first backers for the kickstarter, and play tested the Beta. And then, this. The game is terrible. It's a resource hog. I'm not a software engineer, but it feels incredibly poorly written. It lags and lags, and the wait time for the AI turn is terrible. Everytime I play it, I am reminded of how smoothly X-Com runs. This is nothing like that.The balance mechanics are also terrible. There is no difficulty slider. Let me repeat that: No way to adjust the difficulty. In 2018. It's complete B$. Vehicles are particularly overpowered, especially for a game that's supposed to be about giant stompy robots. I also always have to target them first, because they pose a greater threat. 10 SRM6s loaded onto 1 vehicle, which doesn't have to manage heat? Really?Wait times. So, so, bad. I have time to do get up and do 40 pushups between launching a mission and something happening on the screen. Every single time. As it stands, it's unplayable. I end up frustrated with the UI, the mechanics, the balance, the wait times. My office is actually noticeably warmer because of the heat that my computer is cranking out while running it. It's not an old build, either. There is no way in hell that I can recommend this game, especially to anyone who hasn't played some earlier version of Mechwarrior or the tabletop. And I was really hoping that this would be a game to bring a new generation into the Battletech universe. The game deserves better than than this. 
brithex	Not Recommended	83.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197995286189/	I would rate Battletech 3/5.  (Campaign review only)tl; dr Summary -----You will find that I have a lot of positive things to say, so it might seem odd that I am not recommending this game.  It boils down to this - if you are a BattleTech nerd, or a hard-core strategy nerd, you will probably like this game.  If you are a casual strategy player, you will probably get bored early on, get distracted by something shiny, and find yourself doing something else.  Keep an eye on this developer though, they did a lot of great things here and if they correct the shortcomings their future projects could be great.-----The Good-----I am a gamer nerd of the 90s.  I played every BattleTech product I could get my hands on (tabletop and video game).  We haven't had a great BattleTech video game since Mechwarrior 2 and MechCommander 2, almost 20 years ago.  This game really FELT like BattleTech.  The story was solid and felt like it came right out of the old FASA lore.  The music was well done and really added to the game experience (I'd put it second to Mechwarrior 2 for the franchise soundtracks).  The visuals were solid.  Overall, I felt like I got a great BattleTech experience.I was also impressed by HBS in developing the BattleTech world and story.  They told a story that is early in the classic FASA setting.  They give you a taste of some of the more advanced stuff, but its rare and you really treasure it.  You find yourself sleeping with your Gauss Rifle, petting it unconsciously, and calling it "Precious."  For all these reasons, I am excited for HBS to tell the story about the return of the Clans.  Maybe in a future game, or even better, future series of games.Given my history with BattleTech your probably expecting me to start griping about some nuance like "medium lasers generate too much heat" or "the autocannon damage doesn't scale right."  On the contrary, I thought the vision by HBS and their translation of BattleTech from table to game was quite solid.  A different format for a game means some aspects of balance need to be revisited, and I thought the trades made were well done. So, if you are a BattleTech nerd, or a big strategy nerd, I think you will like this game-----The Bad-----The biggest problem with this game is that when you are not playing the campaign missions, 80% of the maps are quite restrictive.  You look at your drop and say, maybe I can flank/scout over there before...oh the edge of the map won't let me go there.  You end up getting funneled into a specific set of circumstances immediately after dropping and you have no ability to use strategy to your advantage.  After that it feels like your choices have a limited impact on the outcome of the fight, and it's just about focus firing to victory.  That's ok every once in a while, but when it's a vast majority of your missions, it gets dull.  (Campaign maps are much better, it's obvious the dev team spent a lot of time on them).  It honestly feels a bit like farming...and if I wanted to farm I'd play WoW.Early on, the game wants you to feel like you are on the ragged edge of making it.  Money vs. damaged Mechs vs. buying better gear vs. wounded Mechwarrirors...they got the feel right.  Unfortunately, than means early on you have to play a lot of random missions to stay afloat and advance the quality of Mechs in your company.  So, the farming is frontloaded before you are really into the game, and it gets easy to find something else shinier to do.The game also doesn't translate the balance of the boardgame into the video game well.  In the board game, you balance a fight by the tonnage of your drop, not the number of Mechs.  In a game like this, where you always drop 4 Mechs, there is literally no reason to ever drop anything but your heaviest.  Sure, the game makes comments about dropping a lighter Mech for speed and such...but piloting those lighter Mechs into a tougher drop often feels like running a minion into Luke Cage, where a quick swat results in your Mech going down and your pilot dead.  For a short campaign game this is ok, but you lose a lot of the pre-mission strategy of BattleTech when you don't have to make those trades.So, for a casual strategy gamer or a causal BattleTech fan, I predict that you won't make it past the early stages of the game, and I can't really blame you.If you made it all the way down here and are still reading, my one piece of advice is: if you play this game, focus on the story missions as much as possible.  Do the randos that you have to in order to keep your game afloat, but move on to story missions as soon as you are comfortable.  You'll enjoy the story missions much more.
Gadzooks	Not Recommended	1.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/gadzooks/	Right off the bat, this game is another unoptimized unity engine game.Why devs cant seem to use Unity without it running some unnecessary rendering function in the background that isnt needed (or whatever is going on), is beyond me. This game will chew up your GPU's load regardless of its running at 200 fps, or capped at 60 fps. Regardless of its on all HIGH settings, or on all LOW setting. Why? Because failure to optimize the engine causes the game to tell your GPU to do work that it doesnt need to be doing. And the worst part, you dont even SEE whatever visual effect it has your video card working on. It will even do it with the game minimized. It will even do it with the camer zoomed in on a single solid texture of the ground.Its probably something dumb, like the engine is processing high quality screen space reflections in the background, when the game isnt actually making use of them (the video option reflections is probably a lower quality higher performance reflection rendering option, so disabling that doesnt help)Aside from that, this is a great little turn based mech strategy game. I loved the character creation where you got to design the back story for your character. The controls are simple and not super clunky. The visuals are nice, but not great.I kickstarted the game, but until they fix the sloppy unoptimized code, im giving the game a thumbs down. Ill gladly give it a thumbs up once they patch it.(TIP - If you are one of those "i monitor my system for heat and performance" gamers, make sure you enable vsync to cap your FPS in this game to keep the unoptimized engine from maknig your GPU run at a steady 80+ degrees.)
Modern Bear	Recommended	67.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/modernbear/	As a big fan of BattleTech in the 90s (tabletop and video games, novels and technical readout manuals, and even the cartoon) I was excited when I heard this game was coming out. Having put 26 hours into it as of this review, I can say my excitement was warranted. The game does has some faults but I haven't experienced the serious technical issues some have been. All I can say is that I am addicted to this game and can't wait to play it whenever I get the chance. What more can anyone want out of a game? PROS:It's BattleTech! The BT universe has a rather rich history, with the story being extensively developed through many books and games.It's turn based. I say this is a pro because BattleTech lends itself well to turn based games, and there hasn't been a BT one in a long time.The game has quite a bit of depth and complexity.It's addicting because you always have something new to shoot for, like upgrading your mechs and ship, leveling your mechwarriors so they become deadly warriors, or making enough C-bills/salvage to keep your unit afloat.There is a story to follow. It's not the best, being a typical mercenary theme we've seen before, but the developers did put some effort into it, tying everything into BattleTech lore, with yellow highlighted text for key words that you can mouseover to get more background information.The game looks pretty nice in 3840 x 2160, especially zoom-in animations of all that ordnance flying at your enemies.CONS:There are technical issues with the game. Some people have reported crashes or not being able to even run it. I haven't experienced those but the game does bog down at times (even at 1080p), especially if I play it for a long time. Quitting and rebooting helps. For reference my PC has an i7 4790, GTX 970, and 16 GB of ram, which should be able to handle a turn based strategy game easily. The developers are working on these issues so hopefully they will be gone in a few weeks.The in-game tutorials are not detailed enough to properly explain everything. Because of that, new players may be confused. There are some excellent guides right here on Steam. Search for Eck's Tactical Combat Guide, and some others that explain skills and classes in depth.The mech lineup is not complete. There are a fair number of omissions compared to those in the 3025 Technical Readout. Maybe they will add more as time goes on.One additional note:This game is set in 3025, pre Clan Invasion. I don't have a problem with this because the universe was interesting at that point too, but it seems to bother some people. I point this out for people who might be looking for a Clan based game. 
Umbravi	Not Recommended	97.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197996405427/	** Review updated before uninstallGood strategic gameplay does not excuse lazily implemented everything else. There are too many facade features implemented in the release version. I would enjoy fewer features that are more impactful with deeper design. The feel of the opening of the game is very good, but shortly turns into a very spaced out grindfest that becomes less rewarding over time.There's more than 100 hours of gameplay, but it's dissapointing; most of all, it's NOT BATTLETECH. If you purchase, wait until it's under $20.Story:The main story is slow, shallow, and feels meaninglessCharacters are incredibly bland, one-dimensional, and feebleAesthetics and Music are a huge plus, and very enjoiableStory/Management Game Mechanics:Character dialog options are irrelevant and do not add to the feel of the gameDialog option events are wastefully implemented and devoid of depthStandard ship management progression is, well; standardFinancial mechanic is irrelevantMech management is okay Mech asthetic customization does not existPilot advancement is okayPilot customization does not existCombat Game Mechanics:DEEP strategic options availableSkilled play is rewarded in repair costs and power upgrades in the form of new mechsPilot injury mechanic is completely irrelevantPilot death; good, but lack of pilot customization makes it feel trivialAnimations are good, but terribly implemented or senseless and almost completely ruin the combat experienceReward Mechanics:Repair/reconstruction rewards tight skilled and strategic play directlyThe salvage system is simpleBATTLETECH is a "Mid-Sezed" game that wants to be "Full-Sized". This game takes so much from so many other games, other HBS titles included, but simplifies and underdelivers in almost every mechanic that was implemented. The strategic center of the game is good, but poorly paced. Mechs do not feel like monstrous metal behemoths, they feel like paper tigers. The game animations are good but carry no weight. Watching a mech move in anything but a straight line is painful.There's a good game in here somewhere, but with the graphic and story fidelity being so low I can't even consider it any sort of RPG. The story feels like filler that must be slogged through just to get to the missions, which in-turn are paced so slowly that play time increases as nothing is actually accomplished. The main advancement mechanic is swapping up into bigger mechs, which feels good overall, but serves to lower the strategic level of the game. Sitting in one spot disabling one enemy mech per turn becomes the most efficient way to clear a contract.I like many of the ideas implemented, they are just still in conceptual phases and not actually implemented.After taking a two-week dive into modding the game, I could talk all day about how bad HBS' coding practices are; but that's not something that should really reflect on the game's review. There's a lot they could do to improve performance, but most of the slow-down in the game is in the poor design of game flow.And, then there's the performance issues which are detailed finely in other reviews and also an annoyance. I'll keep playing it though, because I love mechs....
Gryffin	Not Recommended	1.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Griffin/	Was really excited for this game, unfortunately the game seems to be very poorly optimised. From long delays between actions in combat to lag when navigating menus. Hopefully this will/can be fixed soon with patches, but for the time being I would stay away.
blizzard5314	Not Recommended	4.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198010423636/	Inexplicably long load times and frequent crashes. Must need something greater than a Titan X to play this.Update: In case you were hoping that Nvidia's 'game-ready' patch was going to speed up load times or prevent this pinnacle of 2004 graphics from making your GPU scream for it's life, it doesn't change anything.Update 5/2: Glad to see my GPU no longer begs for me to put it down whenever I launch this game. Sad to see my save files consistently crash. I'm hoping to play this game at some point, as I've spent too much time troubleshooting it to return it. Well played, HBS. Well played.
ρоѕιтяои_	Recommended	214.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/positron_/	BATTLETECH is a tactical turn-based strategy, story-rich, R.P.G. developed by Harebrained Schemes and published by Paradox Interactive. Taking place in the year 3025, this is a thrilling space opera in which you are in command of a squadron of mercenaries for hire traveling from system to system taking on various contracts in order to compensate your MechWarriors, maintain your squadron of Mechs and pay your debts while staying afloat financially. Mechs of course are highly advanced gigantic walking robots armed with a plethora of devastating weaponry deployed in all types of militaristic operations from providing private security, fending off ruthless pirates, espionage to all out war between opposing governments. With that said, things are preceeding as usual with you barely able to keep your economics intact when you decide to take a chance on more lucrative "under the table" opportunities only to find yourself suddenly pulled into a brutal civil war raging throughout the system. Prepare to go on an expansive spacefaring adventure filled with intense tactical combat and a highly compelling story driven narrative as you and your lance of extremely skilled MechWarriors attempt to put an end to a brutal military coup and put the rightful heir back on the throne of the Aurigan Reach. Suit up and power on because grand battle awaits! From the original creator of MechWarrior, Jordan Weisman, and the developers of the fantastic Shadowrun Returns franchise, Harebrained Schemes, BATTLETECH brings Mech combat into the next generation of gaming.Besides the compelling story the gameplay is what truly shines for me in this wonderfully addictive title. I'm a big fan of turn-based strategy and BATTLETECH delivers wholeheartedly with each of these very fun aspects of gaming. A lance is your group of Mechs and MechWarriors that pilot them which you, as the Mech Commander, lead into battle as well as a number of different operations that require your particular expertise. Your assignments can include escort missions, assassination or defense. Basically, combat entails your lance of four BattleMechs engaging against a number of opponents ranging from other BattleMechs to turrets and armored vehicles. Battles are turn-based and depending on the specific type of chassis that a person pilots, controls or drives determines when they initiate their attacks. Vehicles, mounted defenses and light Mechs tend to go first with medium Mechs next and finally heavy to assault Mechs engaging last in the sequence. Most of the time you will find that your lance is outnumbered, sometimes overwhelmingly so, which is where tactics and strategy prevail in order for you to come out victorious. Also, determining where and how to attack the enemy as far as flanking and ambushes are concerned is vital in your missions and just one of the best qualities of this amazing title. As you deploy, these missions will take you to a number of worlds with vastly different environments so that in itself will also factor into your combat strategy. This is because climate and weather conditions can affect the efficiency of various weapons systems. Overheating can cause structural damage to your BattleMech and initiate immediate shutdown if you redline it leaving your Mech and pilot completely helpless on the battlefield so this is definitely something that you want to avoid. Each location has different topography and structures that you can manuever around or over so there will be many ways to strategize a battle. An example of this is positioning your Mechs in trees to provide a bonus to damage reduction as trees reduce your enemies ability to spot you. There are many other topographical bonuses as well as detriments scattered throughout the locations so take those into account as you plan your tactics as well. You also have to be smart in choosing the loadouts of your Mechs as there is a limit to what each model can carry. Do you sacrifice armor for more weaponry or vice-versa...it all depends on your style of play? There are R.P.G. elements in that you gain experience from each encounter and can use these experience points to select different skills and abilities for your MechWarriors to apply in battle. Also, you have to manage your finances, crew and ship on a day to day basis in between contracts because going bankrupt will end your company. To summarize, the R.P.G. gameplay of this title does a fantastic job of making you feel in control of your crew and ship as you travel through the system on this epic adventure.  Visually, I was rather enthralled with the overall artistic presentation of this title. You can't help but fall in love with the breathtakingly beautiful illustrations used in the introduction as well as throughout the intriguing narrative as the story progresses. The hand painted and wonderfully animated artwork is just amazing to behold. Moving on to the graphics as far as combat is concerned is a different story altogether. Whenever I play any isometric turn-based title I always like to scroll the camera out as far as I can because it gives me a better view of the battlefield and because the games tend to look their best when played like this in my opinion. I truly enjoy the visual style of BATTLETECH from the large amount of Mechs that you encounter, which are animated quite nicely I might add, to the various environments that you traverse throughout the different planets visited such as desert, tundra and tropical just to name a few. Also, the wonderful lighting and weather effects from rain to dust storms that occur also serve well to immerse you within the game. With that said, the overall textures on everything in the environments and the Mechs look terrific...until you zoom the camera in that is. Once you move in close everything goes from looking great to looking not so great with low resolution textures that are just an eyesore to view up close I'm sorry to say. The aural quality is outstanding as far as the many sound effects go especially the hard hitting explosions, weapons fire and various other sounds of combat. Likewise, the terrific orchestral soundtrack also blends in well with the thrilling storyline and action of this superb title. You can also customize your mercenary group by choosing the name, overall color scheme and various paint jobs of your individual Mechs and even select your insignia which is a nice touch. You will have an opportunity to upgrade your vessel in many ways depending on the funds available and what you deem necessary for your mercenary company. For example, do you increase the size of the Med Bay to cut down on the time that it takes for injured MechWarriors to recover or do you upgrade the Mech Bay to decrease the time to repair and refit damaged Mechs? In the end, despite some bad resolutions on the battlefield this title still retains an impressive visual presentation.I completely loved this title from the glorious start to the wonderful ending with it's addictive turn-based combat, fun crew management and thrilling science fiction narrative. This highly immersive game actually makes you feel like a skilled Commander of not just your personal BattleMech but your own ship and crew as you manage day to day operations, make lasting decisions and take complete control of the battlefield by issuing orders to your squad. As options go, there are a number of Steam Achievements to hunt down and Steam Trading Cards to collect. The Deluxe Edition also nets you a collection of 4K wallpapers, a digital art book filled with illustrations and the official soundtrack laden with sixty orchestrated tracks. In conclusion, BATTLETECH manages to take you on an amazing journey through the MechWarrior universe filled with extensive lore, engrossing strategic battles and emotionally charged moments so this title is HIGHLY RECOMMENDED to turn-based, strategy and story-rich R.P.G. gamers one and all.
DoctorrrR	Recommended	135.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/doctorrrr/	Closest to old MechCommander games in atmosphere, beats them in tactical depth!Okay, I know it's not too correct to compare real-time with turn-based as is -- but man, this game is hands down conveying the best atmosphere of commanding giant battlemechs out there.When people hear 'Battletech universe' and recognize it -- there's usually one of the 3 things that come to their minds:- MechWarrior- MechCommander- Battletech: the tabletop gameNow, I haven't played the tabletop, and obviously it's not a first-person mech simulation game -- but as far as the MechCommander aspect is concerned -- this is the best version of that stuff because her you actually can go much more tactical, with many more combat options than in the classic MechCommander games. Heck, they even have the proper melee-attack mechanic with flamers and MGs being taken into account. And proper pilot skill-tree. And financial and salvage management. And story -- which is kinda cliche, but still super lore-friendly and quite fun.The Soundtrack is a thing to behold, it is colorful and memorable + doesn't get boring, even after 122 hours I still sometimes just keep listening to it !Finally, the performance issues - well, I got this game to play with the first patch already out -- so no crashes or mighty slowdowns for me. Yeah, loading times are atrocious, some FPS drops here and there - but still quite playable. For the record: ASUS ROG laptop, i7 2.5GHz, 8GB RAM, and Nvidia GeForce 860M 2GB VRAM.Multiplayer / Skirmish mode is surprisingly engaging as some Post-Campaign content as it basically becomes a sort of deck-building game of its own, with trial-and-error in similar conditions:- all mechs and weapons unlocked- you are free to build whatever mech lance (i.e. team) you like, provided you fit with the Value Category (i.e. weight-class)- face-off in a battle with your custom lance with some stock AI controlled lances or some people online- because of Value Categories, everybody's in the same conditionAll in all, the game's a blast ! Recommend it thoroughly!
Hammer Hands	Recommended	214.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198008692675/	After many hours of playing this game I can reasonably say that this is the Battletech game I've been waiting for.Pros: Challenging and fun gameplay.Good storyline campaign, if a bit clicheExcellent openworld playability. You aren't stuck in a linear path with the story and allowed to explore and build your reputation and strength at your own pace.Adheres very well to the Battletech feel and UniverseExcellent design on the mechs to keep it challenging and refreshing, No 25 small laser assault mechs to cheese your way through everything with.MELEE! Finally.Cons:Not the most optimized of games. (yet)For new people to the Battletech universe it can be very daunting and unclear who to proceed with good builds and good tactics.Slightly buggyOverall I give the game a very solid 8 out of 10, a bit of bias comes from a long time fan of battletech I am sure, but the game is VERY well laid out and done in my opinion and its awesome to play. I highly recommend anyone who is a fan of Battletech to grab it and enjoy, The multiplayer matching is fun and interesting. Allowing for one off games to enjoy with friends and randoms. 
Topher Sinister	Recommended	227.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198011801536/	The old man was right - the downtime can be worse than combat by far.  Lying in my rack, listening to the dropship's constant rumble while trying to chase away the afterimages of the last few months - it can hit you pretty hard.  I miss my squadmates.  Our original dream team of five furious mechwarriors, well... only Dekker and I are left.Before Medusa, we felt bulletproof.  It was so fast, just one of those freak hits that doesn't allow any time to react.  We closed the distance quickly, it's sort of our trademark to go brawler mode, but a desperation play from one of our opponents in a Liao contract headbutted his mech right into Medusa's cockpit - killed him instantly.If his loss sobered us up, losing Behemoth was a kick to the stomach.  Our esteemed employer, the Lady herself, sent us on a drop of crucial importance to her cause, but went off the rails almost immediately.  Honestly, we were lucky to get out of there at all, but Behemoth, she was always INVINCIBLE, you know?  It was always her role to take the hits that we couldn't.  There were just to many guns pointed at us that day - they cored her mech from under her feet.  If the explosion and heat didn't get her, then being strapped into the collapsing 35 legless tons of mech did.But Glitch though.  No one was ready to lose the happiest gunner in the galaxy.  It's not like I was in love with her, I'm her commander, and I don't break that kind of rule, but when I saw her Black Knight's ammo catch and start detonating from within, it just killed me too.  We were hoping that she made it, but the battle just went on too long, and we couldn't stabilize her in time.We just hired her replacement from Bellerophon - we almost went with another, but I swear, when I closed my eyes, her voice sounded just like Glitch's, and I couldn't do it, so we went with a total rook.  I can't believe that one day long ago, I was a young man as green as this new kid.And yet, I wouldn't give this up, not for anything.  I love my ship, and no matter who my crew is, they're MINE, and they've got my back, and I've got theirs.  Life is no game, but if it was, then this is the game I was born to play.
Shazbot85	Recommended	75.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198033720036/	I have a $1 US / hour of entertainment rule when it comes to game for judging if a title was a good investment - I have 45 hours in a the time of writing this and I've only done the first 5 story missions. It's very good value.
Darius099	Recommended	49.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/the_delita/	Battletech is a phenomenal strategy game that has some flaws and rough edges.The good:* The story is solid, if a bit traditional in the initial approach, it's very fitting to the Battletech universe.* The dialogue is good, and believable. * The gameplay is pretty solid, it feels good when the approach you've chosen works out.* It's really fun to customize your mechs, and adapt them for different mission types.* Managing your Mercenary company is pretty well done. It feels like a struggle to pay the bills.The great:* This FEELS like Battletech. The world, the way the art direction has been done, the story choices.* The music is fantastic, especially the choices made for cutscenes like the intro.* The wiki-style flyouts of info for terms in dialogue is excellent.The problematic:* The RNG controller, much like in XCOM, can feel pretty punishing sometimes. Though sometimes you'll just blow the head off a fresh enemy mech and feel like a God, so there's that too.* Some of the animations and collision are a bit limited. It really could use some ragdoll effects for mechs falling, for example.* The voice acting ranges wildly from some cool accent choices and variety to forgettable to not great.* Being constantly bombarded with a dozen or more enemies when you are ALWAYS hard limited to 4 mechs can feel very cheap. Especially when the next Demolisher tank comes into view and unloads double AC20's into your face, knowing the return fire will instantly eviscerate it and not having a care in the world because it just blew out the CT of your favorite mech. *shakes fist at Demolishers*All-in-all, Battletech is a pretty big success, and has created both an enjoyable game, and a fantastic platform to launch many more adventures in the universe. I hope we get to see significantly more content, revolving around the Fourth Succession War, and then later conficts and additional features (more logistics management? mixed arms? deeper skill trees for mechwarriors? command of a company sized element?)Lastly, I'd like to talk to the people whinging and ranting about the "SJW" factor in this game.Kindly see yourself out of this hobby. Giving those who are LGBT and also POC inclusion, voices, representation, and the right to exist in this beautiful interactive medium and hobby that we all share is exactly what we need more of. In addition, if you think Battletech isn't about this diversity, then you are wrong. Battletech and its history is precisely about that, and if you think that isn't baked into the DNA of the entire setting, then you are also wrong. And I have no doubt Jordan Weisman himself would tell you the exact same thing, along with the rest of the team at HBS who worked to bring this fantastic entry to the Battletech world to us.
Ravax	Not Recommended	93.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198028644440/	Wow...after playing this game for hours, Totally NOT what I expected after all the hype and years of waiting for one of my most favorite games of all time. I really want to like this game and there are good parts to it, but it is 2018 I'd expected a little more from developers...my summary so far... turns are boring and drawn out. It is very hard to see if  and where the enemies are (they should be highlighted better),  An area map would be nice with option of cartographic overlay (elevation, declination) as well as graying out non LoS targets and terrain ..As for the amount of money they raised in kickstarter and the promises they made based on the amount they earned from there. cinematics are poor (water color based drawings) as well as  mid 90's tech on buildings collapsing and destructing, I would have expected that from an old command and conquer game. How about rhe  ability to stop when enemy detected and re calculat your remaining movement points. No way to auto travel to next waypoint destination, in battle or dropship...(stuck watching and waiting for animation/cutscenes to be completed). Camera box would have been nice on selected mech. info about mechs is vague at best with no instruction or guides...just the scripted intro mission in the beginning. Also, if you force us to watch each and every turn the enemy has as well as the long delay AFTER their turn, atleast you can do is give us the option to move around in view mode. Also wanted to add...people stating GPU running hot, I have the same issue...It isnt just that its poorly optimized, but Unity engine runs hot with most games...My GPU runs 67C with fans at 70%...Just hope the devs fix and add these well deserved options in updates.
Cabusha	Recommended	342.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198051711382/	I've clocked ~184 hours into Battletech now, both Stock and heavily modded, and I love this game.  It's an excellent adaptation of the Classic Battletech (CBT) tabletop game, and while not 100% identical, it brings the "feel" of the table to the PC.  The mechs are beutiful, melee combat never gets old, and coring out a spider with an AC20 always feels good. Ballance wasn't perfect at launch, but the patches are bringing the weapons closer to where they should be.  Performance has improved, and the game is solid for stability.  Only 2 hangs that I recall.  The game is very Mod friendly, with simple JSON edits allowing you to tweak and tune most of the game's settings or equipment.  The modding community has really taken off, with huge changes such as open universe maps, different weapons, GUI changes, etc.  As the game receives official expansions, it's only going to improve.If you love CBT, this is the closest you'll find short of MEGAMEK, and it's a heck of a lot easier to work with.  LOVE IT!
BunnyPoopCereal	Recommended	53.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/BunnyPoopCereal/	The game is fun a but there are a few things keeping it from truly becoming enjoyable.1) The battle animations sometimes are too long, like when a mech is knocked down.2) The transitions after mechs finish their turn take way too long. Why does the camera sit there for like 2-3 seconds every time?3) I feel the player should pay for any ammunition used during a mission.4) Please for the love of god turn off the space travel animation at the ship transport thing. They are the exact same every time. So tedious.5) Devs should figure out how to include scouts more into the game. Maybe limit the tonnage you can bring to a mission but dont cap the number of mech and pilots you can bring, or make it so that the player is allowed an extra mech but it has to be under 30 tons or something.6) Please have voice-overs for most dialog. I don't want to force myself to read when I dont want to.7) There has to be a way to skip the intro missions when starting a new campaign if you've already played those missions before. There isn't even an option to skip the tutorial mission...8) Take out the annoying camera zoom cutscene that hovers over destroyed buildings and when mechs are knocked down (who thought this was a good idea?) I already saw the building being destroyed why do I need to be forced to watch it twice and waste time?Pro tip: Always send the mechs you want to sell to storage and sell them through the store. You'll make more money than just selling them for scraps.Thanks for reading.
PoptartsNinja	Recommended	56.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197973963547/	The game is extremely BattleTech, but even if you're not familiar with the tabletop strategy game of the same name, there's a lot to enjoy here. There are a few animation hitches, and the pause between an attack and the point when the target actually takes damage is a bit too noticable, but that minor complaint is my only quibble with the game.A few tips for new players:1) Melee is very powerful, don't be afraid to punch2) Guts is important, and the Bulwark skill can save your life3) Always take 3 salvage when you go on an Assassination mission, since the targets tend to be in bigger 'Mechs
G00N3R	Recommended	59.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197969417125/	Battletech is a turn based strategy game set in the Mechwarrior universe. I’m a big fan of the franchise, having played Mechwarrior 2,3 &4, MW Online and Mechcommander 1 &2. I also really enjoy games featuring turn based combat, such as Xcom, because of the tactical element of being able to take my time and think about my options. And Battletech is developed by Harebrained Schemes, who made the Shadowrun trilogy which I also really enjoyed. So everything pointed towards this being a great game for me, and this has mostly proven to be the case.The story is exactly what you’d expect from Mechwarrior – noble houses, political scheming, betrayal, war, and giant robots shooting each other into tiny pieces. The player is in command of your own mercenary company, hired to assist one side of the conflict. In addition to story missions, you can travel to different planets performing mercenary contracts to earn more money or salvage mechs to use on future missions.This is important, because you have to keep an eye on your finances. Everything costs money, including hiring mechwarriors to pilot your mechs, paying their wages, buying new mechs, new weapons, upkeep for active mechs, and repairing damage after missions. If you’re not careful you can go bankrupt, and the start of the game is really tough, but it gets easier as you acquire stronger mechs and can take on more difficult contracts that pay better rewards.For me, the best element of any Mechwarrior game is the ability to customise your Mechs’ loadouts, and Battletech has a really in depth Mechlab. Mechs can use three different types of weapons – ballistic, which fire in a straight line, and missiles, which can fire over objects like mountains or buildings, are both limited by how much ammunition you have. The third weapon type, lasers, don’t rely on ammo so you don’t need to worry about running out during a lengthy battle, but they generate more heat.If a mech overheats, it could shutdown in the middle of a fight, leaving you a sitting duck. So maybe you want to add some extra heat sinks to cooldown faster. You could bring extra ammo, maximise your armour, or equip jump jets to open up new possibilities for navigating the battlefield – but everything has a weight, and every Mech has a maximum weight allowance. So its up to you to decide what is most important for your playing style. Thankfully, enemies have to obey the same rules/restrictions. I’ve seen a few enemies shutdown due to poor heat management.There are also lots of other mechanics that increase the tactical element during combat. Moving mechs long distances builds up evasion, which makes them harder to hit. You can use terrain to block an enemy’s line of sight. Its important to pick which direction your mech faces after moving, to protect a location that has already taken heavy damage. You need to be aware of optimal weapon ranges as this influences your % chance to hit (thankfully the UI does a great job of giving you the information you need). Different terrain types, for example desert, snow, or standing in water, affect the speed your mechs will cooldown. Your mechs can stomp on smaller vehicles for an instant kill, while melee attacks and certain weapons will cause mechs to become unstable, and eventually fall over, making them easier to hit.Mechwarriors gain XP during missions and can use this to increase their hit chance, gain more health, allow their mechs to avoid or reduce damage, increase heat tolerance and make them harder to knock over. My favourite ability allows a mechwarrior to target multiple enemies in a single turn, which is really useful if their mech has a mixture of short and long range weapons. There is a permadeath system, similar to Xcom, but not as punishing, because there’s always plenty of new recruits available at every planet, and you can upgrade your ship with a training facility to gain XP between missions. But it still sucks to lose an experienced mechwarrior. If their mech is heavily damaged, you can order them to eject, but maybe you’re in the middle of a tough fight and you really need them to make an attack on the next turn ...You’ll also need to manage the morale of your mechwarriors, as this can be spent during missions to activate special skills, for example a precision strike against a specific location of an enemy mech. Each month you can choose to pay them a higher or lower salary, which will increase or decrease morale. You can purchase upgrades for your ship, such as a library and a hydroponics garden, to increase morale. And as you travel between planets you’ll encounter random events like disagreements between mechwarriors, and you’ll have a choice for how to deal with it which can also affect morale.My biggest complaint is that you can only bring 4 mechs into a mission, even if you’ve got more ready (you can upgrade your ship to hold a maximum of 18 active mechs and have unlimited storage for inactive mechs), and enough available mechwarriors to pilot them all. This especially makes the story missions frustrating, because you’re almost always up against 8 or more enemy mechs, plus some vehicles, plus maybe some turrets.I’ve even seen missions where my advisors know in advance before we’ve even accepted the contract, that we’ll be outnumbered, but the 4 mech limit still applies. Why? If my dropship will only carry 4 mechs, why can’t I buy another? Xcom has a similar issue, but at least the missions in that game were designed so that you could clear a small group of aliens before aggroing the next group. Some of Battletech’s missions throw every enemy at you simultaneously, or ask you to protect buildings that are getting pounded by LRMs from every direction.Mechcommander’s system was better, where each mission had an overall weight limit and you could decide how to spend it upto a maximum of 12 mechs. For example if the mission allowed you to bring 400 tons, you could bring 4 Atlases, or 8 Hunchbacks, or some other combination. This would also ease my frustration with my second complaint, which is that the progression of building up your mech roster feels a bit too slow.After 35 hours I only had 1 heavy mech and was still fielding mostly mediums. At that time I acquired my first assault mech, and about 5 hours later I finally got my second heavy. Even when you’ve done a bunch of contracts and saved up millions of C-bills, actually finding a planet that sells heavy/assault mechs is really difficult. At one point I spent four in game months travelling from planet to planet, and the best I could find was a 60 ton mech, the weakest mech that can still be classed as a heavy and not really that much of an upgrade from my 55 ton mediums. I even consulted a wiki, but it seems its not a case of “go here to buy this mech”, because availability is random.Meanwhile, the salvaging system only gives you partial mechs, and you need to find 3 partials to build an actual usable mech. I salvaged 2 Jagermechs around the 25 hour mark of my campaign, and it was literally another 25 hours before I even saw another Jagermech. This is further complicated by the fact that each mech has multiple variants. So if you’ve got 2/3 of an Orion “K”, and then you find an Orion “V”, you still won’t actually have a usable Orion. Again, Mechcommander’s system was better. You only had to salvage a mech once, but obviously the more damaged it was, the higher the repair cost would be.Please don’t misunderstand these complaints as me saying “this game is crap, avoid it”, because that’s not the case. Battletech is a good game, that falls just short of greatness.If you’re a fan of Mechwarrior like me, you should absolutely buy Battletech, and you’ll have a lot of fun with it (and a bit of frustration). And even if you don’t already know the difference between a Catapult and a Commando, if you enjoy strategy games, this is definitely worth picking up.
Tamaster	Recommended	50.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/tho545454/	Follow our curator page, OCG-Curations if you like and want to see more reviews like this one. In A Nutshell BATTELETECH (from now on BT) is a part management, part turn-based RPG game, set in a distant future, where human colonization spanned the entire galaxy and interstellar travel is commonplace. After the fall of the Star League, a colossal galaxy-wide empire, the remaining federations of planets are scattered and divided, often at war with each other, this has created a very good environment for mercenary companies, and that's where you come in.After a few introductory missions, you will be put in command of your very own mercenary group, and will have to manage it down to the details: decide how much budget to spend each month, keeping in mind that running out of money means game over, choose what mercenaries to recruit on each planet you visit, customize their level-up skills to differentiate them in various roles (attackers, support, scouts...), keep their morale up by making critical decisions in random events, and also manage the customization of every Mech and even of your spaceship later on.The management part is very important, as efficiency is a crucial factor in being a successful company. But there is also the part related to missions: choose assignments different for each planet you visit and negotiate the type of reward (money, mech parts, or reputation) with the contract dealer, keeping in mind better reputation from successful missions means better rewards. Missions are of various types ranging from Escort, to Kill Target, to Defense, to Intel Recover, and more, plus story missions often have unique multi-staged objectives and are generally more complex, but also pay a lot better. Intel about a mission may not always be accurate, therefore you are never certain about what you really are going to get into, that is why retreating from something too big for you is possible, and even encouraged in some cases.Combat is turn based and very tactical, featuring Heat management for mechs, too much heat means damage and even system failures, detailed mechanics relative to Armor, shots to specific mech body parts, knockdown from kinetic energy, different terrain types with unique advantages, weak points, special abilities and more. It takes some time to grasp the system in its complexity, but it can result in very satisfying battles. Overall, battletech is definitely a solid Sim/RPG title that will be the joy of any sci-fi lover that also likes turn based RPGs. Gameplay Analysis  General Gameplay The gameplay of BT revolves around two main parts, which are Management and Combat. Management involves setting a budget for each financial month, being careful not to go bankrupt, account for mech repairs, weapon costs, and mercenary salary aswell. While not excessively complex, the management part provides a good degree of depth and it will make you really feel like managing a private military group, while still being accessible and not overly hardcore at it. With some organization, efficiency, and forward planning, your company will do well.Missions are Optional or Main, the galaxy is free roaming, each star system explorable with different missions, environment types, factions, and alliances in each. Getting a good reputation with factions is important to get better missions, but getting ally with one faction often means angering another, so watch out where you go and who you cross. More and more galaxy sectors are unlocked as you progress in the main story. Story The storyline is quite good, and tells a tale of vengeance, retribution and change. The cut-scenes narrating the main events are beautifully drawn and really convey the epicness of the moment, often making it much more epic and significant. Generally, characters are well done and will have a fair share of dialogues and information to discuss about. While not excellent, it is a good storyline that fits well and is consistent. Combat System Combat is tactical, deep, slow-paced, and requires thinking well and planning. Each mech's own strengths and weaknesses, combined with terrain types, climates influencing battle conditions, special skills, varied arsenals, and mission types, create a very good and deep formula, fair enough to grasp but hard to master. Score hits to the well defended, hard to hit pilot cockpit to get entire mechs as reward at the end of the battle, but are you bold enough to risk it? New mechs can be bought but mainly they are acquired from scrapping enemy destroyed mechs, so more risk equals more rewards in terms of new stuff. Content & Pricing Priced at 39€, this game can last very well 50+ hours for the campaign, and an indefinite amount of time in multiplayer PvP if you're into that. I'd say the game is worth the price for what it offers. Balancing & Challenge Some builds are quite overpowered (laser build for example) while others are less effective, but generally the balance is quite decent and gives out good challenge.  Technical Analysis  Graphics Graphics is not very good, featuring decent mech models, sufficient environments, meshes, textures and character models, but mostly BT is very gameplay-oriented and so lacks quite a bit on the graphics side. A very good example of a game that sacrifices eye-candy for great gameplay. Sound Average effects with no particular mention to make, great soundtracks and good voice acting. Performance & Stability The worst performance problems have been fixed, but still Unity engine has its problems and performance is not 100% optimized and stable, but crashes and major hiccups are quite rare.  AI Enemy AI is quite good actually, but sometimes they can oversee a sure kill on your pilots and focus another target for no reason, or similar behaviors. Overall, solid, but not perfect. Quality of Life Good interface and menu organization. Solid. Bugs / Issues No major bugs or issues. Conclusion & Rating BATTLETECH is a solid, complex, well-made sci-fi RPG that will be satisfying and rewarding to those willing to understand it in its fairly complex mechanics.  RATING: 8.5 / 10  
Commisar Gaunt	Not Recommended	29.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198007299906/	Constantly crashes, so I cannot reccomend it at this time.  Extremely infuriating to fight a 30 minute battle, do well, get awesome loot, then have it crash before you get the chance to save the game.  Will update the review if they fix the problem
Krolmar	Recommended	66.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Krolmar/	Pros:+ deep tactical turn based gameplay+ persistent resource management based campaign+ Battletech universe+ Mechs , Mechs and more mechs+ storyline elements+ musicCons:- Graphic and performance- few UI flawsGreat game from Battletech universe, must have for Battletech and turn-based games fans.
Zebedee	Recommended	44.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198004628500/	Some curious negative day 1 reviews.Can confirm that 2560 x 1440  was available for me to use via the settings options. The graphics are perfectly fine, in my view. Can choose to log into Paradox servers through game for various things. Nothing particularly life changing in my case - my forum avatar was available as my mercenary logo. The horror.No problems with hang-ups or obvious bugs so far (not 2 hours in just yet). Running with 8gb RAM, 1600x @4ghz, gtx 1080. Latest drivers and the latest Windows Insider build.It's a really solid tactical turn based game, with a lot of depth to the mechanics, as well as a strategy layer where I'm going to be spending a lot of time playing with loadouts for the mechs.I'm enjoying it.
Hentai Bear	Recommended	231.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/similanchiao/	*Disclaimer* I'm a Kickstarter Backer, been a BattleTech Fan boy for 30 odd years, probably read/skimmed every single TRO and Novel in the whole series save for the Mechwarrior Novels and Dark Ages.19 Hours in and countless hours in the Beta, I honestly can say that I've never enjoyed a game more in recent memory.The art, the depth of story telling, the feel that brings one back to the old school TableTop. HBS has crafted a masterpiece here. Lets start with the Con's First.VERY steep learning curve. I found the game to date hilariously easy. e.g. Finished Wedry(prison mission) with 0, nil, nada damage suffered on 3 out of 4 Mechs. 1 Mech with very minor armor scratches.But that's the view of an old school TT gamer abusing the daylights out of mechanics, sensor locks and range. I can see why so many new players struggle.Needs an accessible MechBible/Wiki The Tutorial system is perhaps the weakest aspect of the game. Imho, new players will need a lot more hand holding.Unoptimised Game codeFor a game that's not all that graphics intensive, it should really have much better performance than what a lot of reviewers are experiencing. PROSIt's BattleTechBrilliant Storytelling/Campaign.Even the open world procedurally generated missions are engaging and challenging, offering limitless replayability.Big Giant RoBotsFaithfulness to its TT Origins.Get through the steep learning curve, spend some time on Sarna dot net, and what you will have is an infinitely replayable game of Giant Robot deathmatch. Now who wouldn't want more of that?
NoGame	Not Recommended	226.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198135000130/	Pro:  Reminscent of the older battletech games.  Pro:  Decent storyline.Con:  As save games build up past 10, and as play time exceeds 30 minutes, the non-combat aspect of the game begins to run very sluggishly, with ~10 second delays for even the most simple of menu selections.  There appears to be a significant lack of optimization and game-data caching within the non-combat section of the game.  If this death-by-a-thousand-cuts feature annoys you, don't spend your money.  If you can handle it, you'll enjoy the game.
Solid LEX	Not Recommended	22.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Solid_LEX/	I really wanted to like this one, really... Been waiting since front mission 5 for the ps2 for a decent mech strategy game. This isnt the one, unfortunately. Here are some of my issues;But first the good parts- Good Music- Good Art Style- Decent WritingNow for the BAD- NO CAMERA MOVEMENT INSIDE HANGARWHAT !? I can´t look at my mechs while i customize them and drool at how cool they look? Do the Devs even like the genre? Even 15 year old front mission games have this !- LAZY BATTLE ANIMATIONS - In a game where you spend most of the time watching repeated attack animations  they need to be strong and entertaining..  whilst the explosions are good, and the destruction of parts are good the animations and camera zooms dont do them justice. - COMBAT COULD BE MORE DYNAMIC -I get that these arent 'SUPER Mecha' and theyre not supposed to be super fast, that´s not the problem. The problem is unecessary camera pauses after being hit whilst not being able to do anything. It´s having to move and wait for them to move one by one instead of being able to tab to another one and move at the same time.. i could go on and on for this part...When your mech dodges it just stands there and the enemy misses, this could be done much better, google a front mission 5 ps2 battle for an example on cool mech dodging gunfire as an example. - NOT ENOUGH VOICE ACTING - I dont know how expensive it is to make all or most important dialogue be voice acted, but divinity 2 did it with vodka and effort.. The overall writing seems decent, from the 4 hours i played it seems like the story might deveop into something cool, but its 2018, games need to evolve with the times. Get more voice acting in that♥♥♥♥♥♥!- CLUNKY UI -Speaks for itself.. as an example, when you are at the store to purchase new parts there is no way to see how many of a specific part you already have in your inventory. You need to go to the sell screen and look for it manually.. Do i already own this rocket launcher? who the ♥♥♥♥ knows !? Even rpg games in super nintendo did this one better.. Also, during attack animations in battle you can either have all the UI show up or none of it, if you just want to be able to see which body parts are being hit you´re out of luck. I could give 5 other examples but this would be too long of a review.
Rufert	Not Recommended	48.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/thamesispenis/	It needed longer in the oven. There's a good game in here somewhere. But the massive amount of technical half-assery is a massive detriment to my enjoyment of it. The interface is the worst for this. It will often obscure important information from you. You won't be able to tell if an object is impassable until you're right in front of it. Camera will fly all over the place, targeting information is hidden, you're only half sure what you're doing. Weapons have a minimum, ideal and maximum range, these can only be viewed in the mech bay, not in combat. Abilities are called different things in different places. Doing stuff requires a massive amount of clicks. The game just likes to waste your time. Travelling between star systems is also just you sitting there staring at a screen.The procedural generation of the missions is also awful. It'll happily spawn one of your mechs with no jumpjets on a tiny rock it can't get off for the entire mission. It'll also spawn it INSIDE a building you need to protect, instantly destroying the building. It'll also have 12 light mechs swarm a base you need to protect in turn 1 because they spawned right next to it, and ignore you to shoot all the buildings and fail you the mission.Editing the layout of your mech. Oh you're short one medium laser? Better go to the shop and buy one, that's in a different menu, nope you can't save the half finished build while you go there and buy it. Yup it'll delete your loadout when you go to the shop, buy a thing and come back. If you're in a station with a shop, let me just be able to buy crap for sale on the loadout screen ffs.Ah, and selling things. I ended up with 120 lasers, I didn't need that many, 20 should be enough. Did I need to click 100 times to sell the 100 I didn't need? Yup. The thing is, half of this doesn't feel like it was intentional, it feels like it was due another work over or two, but was rushed out the door before these quality passes could be made. It's a shame.
Tenno Hyena	Not Recommended	11.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197994319419/	I wanted to like and recommend this game.But it's got a few too many bugs to recommend it right now.If it patches and sorts thigns out I'll adap my review.But as it stands.-ProTactical CombatCustomizeable MechsA Skirmish Mode that great to test and build Loadouts or just play quick battles.-Personal taste- (Up to you if you like it.)X-com chances to hitSpace Opera Melodrama Campaign-ConNo Chassis Modifications, Everything is Defined hardpoints with potential variants of the chassis with alternate hard points.4 Man Mech Squad, No Bonus for fielding less.Bugs - SO Many - Main one that stand out. Finishing a mission with minimal damage, which my repair crew says (10 grand and 5 days repair) Press okay, and mechs out of commision for 19 days... Occasionally game doesn't give your pilots xp. Thanks.Very limited Company paint design.
krazygluon	Recommended	68.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198009060155/	Old school tabletop battletech player here.  While the rest of you kids born in the 80s wiled away your weekends as a dwarf or elf in search of the fairy princess I was slaggin btches wit my AC/20 on one arm and a scavved clanner Gauss rifle on the other.  Now some folks are ripping on this for being turn based.  Can't handle a thinking man's Battletech universe? STFU and go play MWO. HBS did way better with this than with Shadowrun, THIS IS OUR GAME.  If you post millennials want to see how your dad spent his teenage weekends, play it.  If not, back the F off.Seriously, I bought this expecting some serious childhood nostalgia feels, and it did not disappoint.  Could stand to see some clan gear or 3050 era stuff but starting back in ol 3025 like the original fans of Battletech would have was still the best way to go.  I feel like camera and lighting could have used a little more polish(harsh shadows, weapons and perspectives clip sometimes) To borrow from another sci-fi, she may not look like much but she's got it where it counts.  Combat is exactly the kind of choose your weapons and movements wisely or face the consequences business that I got back on the tabletop.  I started my first fight thinking simple slugfest and now I've got two mechwarriors and two mechs in the bay for 1 to 3 months while I try to scrap by on a 3 mech Lance and keep the c bills rolling.  Second fight I put myself in a maneuver warfare mindset and came out unscratched.  Is it adrenaline pumping tactical combat? No, so don't review it as such.  Just turn your brain on and fight a thinking man's war and have a deeper kind of fun.
Stacktick	Recommended	390.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Stacktick/	Review in 10 seconds:7/10 - Would recommend, but caveat with flaws.Notes And Opinions:- Diamond in the rough- Faithful to tabletop, but that also means slow gameplay- Good core gameplay- Good creatives and artstyle- GIANT SHOOTY MECHS - grindy but the thrill is in collecting them all, a la Pokemon- Main story is very cliched, characters are polar "ideals" without taking into complexity of lore- Technical issues still present - Eats up lots of GPU + Memory leaks- End game leaves a lot to be desiredVerdict:Much like Shadowrun Returns, this game is a diamond in the rough. I'd expect to see more from HBS as the franchise matures, much like SR: Dragonfall and SR: HK.
Panthros	Not Recommended	11.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Panthros/	I wanted to like this game.  I was an early backer through Kickstarter.  I am long time Battletech fan and played MechCommander 1 and 2. The problem here is the developers just want to throw wave after wave at you.  Missions take too long.  You are forced to ton up at every chance you get.  There should be missions you can take that values light or medium mechs, values scouting and stealth.  I understand the lance of mechs and have no problems there.  I hope they release an SDK for the mod community as perhaps they can create some better strategy missions than the developers were able.
bradm73	Recommended	732.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/bradm73/	This is the game I've been waiting to play for almost 30 years!!I've played just about every BATTLETECH game ever released!  I began with tabletop BATTLETECH and played the original BATTLETECH: The Crescent Hawk's Inception, and later The Crescent Hawk's Revenge.  I played the original Mechwarrior for years as a teenager and loved every minute.  But, the thing I always wanted was an awesome single player experience that could come close to replicating the tabletop experience at a much faster pace.  BATTLETECH delivers!!!!Having become a backer over two years ago, and being giving the chance to preview the game over the past week, I have to say that BATTLETECH captures the essence of the tabletop experiences of my youth, while giving me a brand new story that both interesting as well as emotionally stimulating!Over the course of the storyline, you will take part in specific story missions, but in between you'll be able to travel to other star systems and pick up side missions in order to boost your cash reserves and recover salvage.  There are no time constraints to the main story missions (at least none that I've encountered), so you have tons of freedom to explore, requip your mechs with more powerful weaponry, rebuild new and more powerful mechs with salvage you find on the battlefield, and upgrade your Mechwarrior's abilities as they earn more and more experience!The game is just about perfect!  Mech customizations, meaningful mechwarrior abilites, SALVAGE, salvage, salvage!!  And don't even get me going on how awesome the Argo is!  I don't want to spoil anything for you!  There aren't many improvements I'd make on what I hope will become a flagship product in a line of all-new BATTLETECH games!The only cons as of pre-release are a couple of very minor bugs, but nothing I've found that negatively affects gameplay and could be fixed prior to release.  I'm also slightly disappointed that you can only deploy one mech lance to the battlefield at a time.  That's only four mechs.  I'm hoping that we'll eventually see some expansions that expand operations to two or three lances.  I also haven't delved into multiplayer yet aside from the Battletech Beta in 2017, but I'll update this review once I give that a shot.Otherwise, if you like strategy games, regardless of turned-based or real-time, BATTLETECH delivers a gaming experience that is second to none!  I 100% RECOMMEND this title!  You should be throwing money at Harebrained Schemes for delivering such an incredible product!  I FREAKIN' LOVE THIS GAME!!BATTLETECH
Ev	Not Recommended	108.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198027900790/	As far as a strategy game is concerned, I would call this mediocre. I can begin to believe that there was heart put into this game, that there was care shown in its creation, but unfortunately it has fallen short of what could have been a really great experience by the unfortunately numerous nitpicks that show up just often enough for you to not be able to forget that they are there.Pros:It has a good setting and theme to work with.The maps thus far have shown themselves to be diverse.There is a sense of progression through gameplay and some freedom.Cons:The load times are ridiculous enough for it to be annoying and I have a great machine. And you will be dealing with those loading times, when you start a mission and when you end it, and when you have to stop playing because you were waiting on those loading screens already.Following up on the last point, I have games that are far more graphically intensive then this game is and yet it seems to make it work the hardest.It has some glitches that show up at odd times that will have you not actually seeing what is going on as the camera flies through the floor. There is too much that you can not skip which builds up to waiting around for just a few too many things.It may be a personal issue, but I find that the dialogue could do with some improvement and the story could be less in your face at times.I am not saying never get this game, but maybe think about how much you are willing to spend on it until they fix some of the problems that I feel should not be here.
chase	Not Recommended	151.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mavajo/	This is a great framework for a game - but that's all it is right now.  It's too simple and shallow right now, and lacks replayability - unless you're one of those folks who are content to literally do the exact same thing over again and consider that 'replayability.'The overall combat is solid.  You can customize your mechs.  You can customize your warriors to a degree.  But once you launch a mission, the game is tactically limited.  The game provides the illusion of tactical choice, but there's really only one or two tactics that are viable.  It basically boils down to boating, and then using terrain and line-of-sight to isolate your enemies and pick them off one or two at a time.  Once you understand how the combat works, it's really not a challenge.  And the game developers appear to know this, because they try to shoehorn challenge into the game by occasionally having overwhelming numbers spontaneously spawn around you.  But even that trick gets old quickly - you learn to just move cautiously and never put yourself in an exposed position.  Sometimes the game tries to shake you out of this by imposing a turn limit, but that just feels like a cheesy artificial construct, rather than genuine challenge.The long and short of it is that when you launch your first mission in Battletech, you think "Oh man, so many options here!  I'm so confused and overwhelmed!  I can't wait to deep dive into this."  But then after a few hours of play you realize "Oh, this really isn't complicated at all, and honestly, the combat is extremely plain and simple."  Disappointing.The story mission is OK.  It's a bit color by numbers and it's entirely on rails - you have no ability to affect the outcome or progression.  If you fail a story mission, you reload and try again.  When you succeed, you move on to the next stage of the story.  It's not overly engrossing.The real problem with this game is *after* you complete the story mode.  There's just nothing to do.  The game puts you in control of your own mercenary unit, which should provide for endless options of replayability.   But the game totally drops the ball on the 'simulation' part here.  BY the time you complete the story, there's really nothing to do - your ship is fully upgraded (which was a pretty simple process), your main warriors are all maxed out or nearly maxed out, and you have all the Mechs you need.  There's nothing to do.  Sure, there's dozens and dozens of planets with missions on them, but it's all cookie cutter.  All of those planets are based on a handful of planetary templates, and the same missions keep repeating over and over again just with the names changing.So at that point, the big galaxy to explore is basically just a fancy UI for a mission generator.  And there's no further character development to explore at that point.Battletech had the potential to implement an incredible sandbox environment here.  But they just failed to do it.  Maybe one day.
hao_min	Not Recommended	90.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198044009291/	This game at the moment is extremely buggy. From graphic issues to memory leaks, long saving and loading time, laggy game play, window mode bugs that make the game unplayable and the problems just go on and go. I say don't buy the game at its current state, the game is obvisously rushed and very unpolished. Maybe check back in six months or a year, maybe by then some of these issues will be patched up
Merv DeGriff	Recommended	10.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197965375731/	5 hours in and I went out to garage to do some chores. I grabbed my old MRBC source book out of a box and gave it a hug as Harebrained Schemes had re-introduced me to an old friend in a way I had not seen it in years.This game is not perfect, make sure you think about all the tool tips and take your time thinking out a move.  It rewards good tactics and will deal you surprises good and bad, so have contingencies ready.It runs fine on my 4th gen Intel Nvidia 770 box.I think the tutorial could have been beter, perhaps intergrated into character creation.The combat is ... a thing of gian mech stomping beauty. The camera is WASD with QE as rotate... the cinamatic camera (an option in the menu) for turn execution is usualy pretty good, once in while derpy.8.5 out of 10 so far... You can do this Harebrained.  Keep this dream alive.  :)
KalkiKrosah	Recommended	215.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/KalkiKrosah/	This game has one of the best opening cinematics I have seen in a long while. The combination of the orchestral soundtrack  done by Jon Everist and the alluring artwork depicted in every major cutscene are some of the greatest aspects of Battletech.The gameplay itself is alright. Not great, but not bad either. There is some strategy involved in how to play the battle sequences. The environment you play in can influence what mechs to bring and how to play them. And you can customize the mechs in your mechbay to your exact specifications, so long as it is within the "tonnage limit." But the "meta" strongly favors rockets above all the other weapon types and melee dedicated mechs are not viable past a certain point in the game. As you rank up, your roster of mechwarrior pilots will start to favor certain archetypes exclusively and make other archetypes a detriment to bring along or completely unviable. In the beginning of the campaign mode you will face a majority of shoddy vehicles with a rare showing of a scout class mech or two. And then later on in the game you will see mechs more and more frequently, so there is a slow learning curve which helps you get acquainted with the game but also makes it feel like a grind at times. But towards the end game the difficulty gets "ramped up" in the sense that you start fighting 1 to 3 or 1 to 4 odds which severely limits the strategy choices available to the player. The storyline is decent, with only a few plot holes that make you scratch your head if you really think about it. Kamea Arano is a likable enough character and I felt genuinely interested in helping her. Some of the villains had some depth to them as well. But the other characters, especially your crew members, have shallow personalities and back stories. I found myself not caring at all about what they had to say. And your mechwarriors themselves get pretty repetetive as well. The character customization is also quite shallow and you get sprites who look very similar and voices that overlap way too frequently. While it isn't a major component to the gameplay itself, I found this to be my biggest gripe with the game.All in all its a good game. It's something where you can grind through the campaign mode once to get 90% of the full experience and there isn't enough variety in the storyline to warrant a second play through other than to try out certain mechs throughout certain parts of the storyline. I haven't played the multiplayer yet but from the look of what I read thus far it seems pretty shallow. This is a game where you can get roughly 70 hours or so out of it before it starts becoming repetetive and boring. I'd recommend buying it on sale but at full price it doesn't feel like you got "robbed." It's worth checking out if you enjoy strategy games or are a fan of the Battletech/Mechwarrior/MechAssault franchise.
Jukebox	Not Recommended	59.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198038882151/	I´m gonna level with you - i´ve played a lot of the Tabletop when i was younger. Loved it to bits. I´ve read most BT Books, i´ve played most BT/Mechwarrior Games (Mech-SIM, Strategie Games - you name it), and this game is a really, really excellent game.Except it isnt. Framedrops, Bugs, constant high GPU load that apparently is dangerous to your GPU (i had one hard crash that completely killed my operating system, others have reported damage to their grafics card), crashes... the list goes on. At this point i am sure the game came out at least 2-3 months to early. Absolutely poorly optimised, buggy - simply said, it´s rushed. I can´t recommend it at this point. It might be the best, worst game i´ve ever played. As soon as it is fixed, buy it. But for now - just dont.
HopelessDecoy	Not Recommended	8.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/HopelessDecoy/	This is a temporary review but:-Great gameplay I love the "mech"anics :D, decent enough graphics, good immersion mechanics, got them bills to pay and repairs to make-Horrid performance, constant stuttering, graphics rendering oddly during said stuttering-I've played this game for 3 stretches and each time the game has crashed during saving meaning I usually have to repeat the last mission when I'm back on.This kind of performance shouldn't be in a released game, not on my pretty beefy rig nor on any modern PC, this game definitely doesn't look or feel like it should be performance heavy. Poor programming and rushed release is my bet :Pget it on sale till they fix it, I'll update my review then.
Prof.Xomox	Recommended	46.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ProfX/	This is Battletech. This is straight lifted from our tabletop games in the 80's and 90's. Turn based, unapologetic, Heat, Stability, Ammo, mechs punching mechs, mechs stomping tanks, DEATH FROM ABOVE! All of it. Take the shot!So glad I backed this Kickstarter!
Roy	Recommended	162.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198008920312/	An amazing game:1. Excellent game mechanics that hold true to the original BattleTech game.2. Great believable story that gives a good sense of the BattleTech Universe.3. Double RPG mechnics - promoting and building both mechs and pilots.4. I love the art.5. Hard tactics and adaptation is needed according to the current tonnage of mechs you own.On the down side:1. A few bugs, but not as near as some comments said. The game is very playable.2. Even though ironman mode was enabled - I tried it several times (on hard) and died on the main missions. There should be some adaptation to really enable ironman playability. I finished the game on hard, but not ironman.3. Regular mission variance could be increased. This game brought me back to the 90s board games with friends. Excellent work!I strongly recommend this one!I'm also anxiously waiting for expansions/dlcs :)
Entropy	Recommended	37.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198032411177/	Great game; tactical turn-based battles that actually require tactics. Create your own main character and backstory. You can refit and customize your mechs and pilots as you like. Buy or assemble new mechs from parts. I've played the Battletech tabletop game (and Mechwarrior RPG) and this does a great job of evoking the same awesome feeling (fun mech battles, target/position to take out the right part of an enemy mech, worrying about your pilot, trying to advance in skills and better mechs, great lore/game setting with rival houses fighting for dominance)If you like turn-based tactical (like XCom), this is a must-play!
Lord Of Dorkness	Not Recommended	77.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197984861145/	There's a cool if not outright all-time great game in here, but at launch at least it's held back by three things:A slavish devotion to making things feel slow and ponderus, that admitadly, is quite uniqe for the genera. For both good and ill, these mechs really do feel like double if not tripple digit ton titans dukeing it out.A poor, way too short tutorial, coupled with a learning curve that darn near forms an overhang.And finally, less then perfect performance. No matter how low you tweak the grapics this thing hobbles along, and I've lost several hours to crashes already.So, yeah, one of those games that really wish Steam had a 'meh' button for lukewarm opinions, but at present I sadly have to lean further towards Not Recommended. Again, might be a great game one day with enough patches and optimazation, but right now it's simply not worth launch price.
robertsy10	Not Recommended	48.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198052354603/	So I'm 7 hours into the game and so far I have to admit I'm disappointed.  Graphics are dated, combat is slow and boring and now it won't even launch.  Looking online there's quite a few people with this same issue.  Hopefully a resolution will be forthcoming.  If I could step back in time a few days I wouldn't this game.  But that's just my opinion.   If you buy it I hope you enjoy it!
varanzmaj	Recommended	72.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198052328261/	I usually don't write reveiws, but I had to jump at this as I see this game is getting slammed completely unfairly. *disclaimer* never played a Battletech tabletop game in my life, however Im a Mechwarrior fan since MW2. The problems with the camera can be fixed by going into the options and turning off the *somewhat* annoying money shots. The problems with the performance are also a non issue at least for me and my PC is not exactly top of the line either. 10 hours in and feel like Ive just scratched the surface. If you're on the fence about this game, and like Mechwarrior games, then don't be. Its awesome. Its pure MW goodness. I'd rate it as one of the better games in the franchise, the story, music, atmosphere, and most importantly gameplay are top, top notch. Not for people who need handholding and for people with short attention spans. Love stomping on fallen enemy mechs. 10/10. Would stomp again :)
yacks	Not Recommended	72.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197974842571/	Avoid this game like the plague until Hairbrained Schemes come out and admit the Enemy Reinforcements Bug.   Many missions have you going after a lance, and when they are wiped out, reinforcements are supposed to show up.    The bug is that both the original lance and the reinforcements show up simultaneously, absolutely laying waste to you and scattering you to dust.   4 mechs against 10 to 12 mechs sometimes.It's a bug because if you manage to ever survive one of these, the voiceover says "Enemy Reinforcements incoming." and then the mission ends.  So yes it's a bug.  Please fix it. Makes the game unplayable for many.
X-DIM	Recommended	52.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/xcom_dim/	An absolutely brilliant reincarnation of tabletop Battletech (including pen and paper RPG elements) into a modern video game.Hairbrained Schemes are known as the studio who already brought back to life another game from the 80s - the Shadowrun series. They're a dedicated bunch who went as far as to get into the team the actual creator of Battletech universe Jordan Weisman himself, so you can be sure the game is very faithful to the universe's lore.The game puts you in the role of a commander of a small mercenary unit travelling around Inner Sphere and negotiating deals with interested parties (including five Great Houses). You get to manage everything from refitting your 'mechs to setting up salaries for your crewmen.When the deal is struck and your team is ready, you drop down with your lance of 4 'mechs and engage in a beauitfully brutal turn-based battles. The level of detail is truly astonishing, sparkling wiring of a blown-off limb, red metal glow of an overheated 'mech, the whoosh of rocket salvos, panicked cries of your pilots - everything adds up to create a perfectly immersive battle scenes.This game is definitely a must buy for every turn-based tactic fans, even if you don't know much about the glorious Battletech universe.
Grail	Recommended	148.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197995360817/	It's the turn-based Mechwarrior tabletop simulation I've been waiting for since I was 12. Great gameplay and graphics, stays mostly true to the tabletop system, and is filled with lore and references that make the Battletech universe feel complete.Some campaign missions can get a little repetitive, and there's room for improvement in some areas like camera tracking.I'm expecting expansions. And I will buy them.
Drakhai	Recommended	406.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/drakhai/	easy to learn, hard to master, just how it should be.
Nobrot	Recommended	132.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197970108018/	Very enjoyable game.There's not many games I have the patience to complete nowadays, but there was no question of not following this through to the end. Initially, I was worried that the gameplay was too simplistic but that concern soon vanished. There is multiple layers of strategy that keep the game interesting and challenging. Defintely reccomendConfused about the number of negative reviews on here, but reading through, a lot of them are related to technical issues. I had no problems other than fairly long load times (45 to 60 secs or so) however, i don't have an SSD. I'm of the Spectrum/Commodore generation. I remember playing Out-Run and having to load each individual level at nearly 5 minutes a time! 60 seconds isnt so much of an issue for me :)
HardTarget	Not Recommended	48.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ddunn16/	Decent game, but not one for full price. There's too many gripes and issues that I'll delve in to below, but it definitely isn't a bad game, just not worth the price tag.I've never touched the Battletech universe prior to this installment. Not MWO, not the tabletop Battletech stuff, so for me it's all a fresh glance to see some of the elements. The base game of mechs going out and wrecking things works well... to start, but doesn't hold up as things ramp up. It has what I'll simply call the "XCOM" problem with these types of games being my biggest gripe, and boils down to a good base game with a lot, and I mean a lot, of little grievances that make it not worth the full price tag. I'll break it all down below:#-----------PROS:+ Good, managable tonnage system and customibility+ Sensible ship upgrading system+ Intuitive interface for newbies to the genre, and tutorial while a bit eye-rolling is functional and informative+ Mission reward structure is good, scrap vs. money is decent tradeoff system+ Big ♥♥♥♥ing mechs and gunsIn the early portion of the game, things shine as you're allowed to experiment and try out things. Non-optimal strategies can still win the day and you're given enough, although a bit skimped, to try out the newer mechs you pick up. Things are at the time fresh enough to go "oo what's that?" and find out it's semi-decent, and build upon it. The key here is you're given the chance to experiment and a lot of things will work out, so long as you don't act like a knob in battle; if you manage your units right, you'll generally pull through.#-----------CONS:--- I can't minus this enough, but there's simply an optimal strategy you *will* follow as the game progresses, or you will not win battles anymore. You will get bigger mechs, or die. There is no alternative. More below- Mission Difficulties are a bit all over the place. Prepare to savescum a bit (apparently to be fixed in coming update)- Little incentive to utilize full mech bays or pilot/mechwarrior; useless features- Loading times are a bit over the place, I load Arma3 maps faster in some cases- GUI does not have priority; if you hit ESC to go to load a game while action is happening, the action continues with priority and slugs the whole thing- Many weapons will become pointless over time as you learn optimal strategies, which you have to as sub-optimal options will simply get you killed outright- You cannot use tanks. This isn't "Mechwarrior", it's "BattleTech", I have a mercenary unit and I think they missed opportunities for unit variety.- The storyline is laughably predictable in some places, and woefully agitating in others.There's a lot, but it basically boils down to 4 things: Optimization, Clumsy Storyline, Balance Failures and the biggest: XCOM problem.I call it the XCOM problem because a lot of games in this genre do this, but if you think you're going to fill out that mechbay, you're horribly mistaken. You will pick 4 very good mechs and toss every other one to the side, because you can only field 4 mechs at a time. Ignore the tonnage limit on drop aside whether or not you have too much assault armor in it, because ultimately you want to fill it up as much as possible. Light mechs will die in the battlefield as the enemy will have far more units than you do; evasion builds are pointless because the sheer volume of fire against you will tank you, even if you have a light mech with a mechwarrior with max piloting. They will get hit, they will get harmed, and there is nothing you can do about it.This is basically the "Tiger tank vs. Sherman tank" conundrum. If you can field it, you take Shermans because 1 tiger tank isn't going to mass grave 6 shermans in most cases. However... if you're stuck at a limit of 1 tank only, which in a game would you take? The Tiger. This is the game where you pick the tiger tank; you want the biggest, baddest mechs you can find and slog them on to the field, to use every bit of armor advantage, and shield ability you can get. Everyone on the front line you are going to give the mechwarrior skill of entrenching when not moving if you fire, so they get free damage reduction. Why? Because as above; the enemy has way more mechs than you. Maybe they're lights, or mediums, but they have *way* more. So you need every inch of armor to come out on top, and every form of damage reduction you can muster.This isn't particularly "hard" to pull off, but it's infuriating this is the optimal strategy and there is really no wiggle room. In later, harder missions you are not going to field light mechs pretty much ever; even a "spotter" type mech is going to have so much firepower focused on him that those additional evasion tokens get stripped and they lose a leg or arm before getting out of harms way. So when you play, you aim to get the biggest, heaviest mechs you can get right away. That's it. Welcome to the game, this is all you will do.It's particularly infurating since we're meant to be a mercenary outfit. Why can't we field more, lighter mechs? An entire battalion of 6~8+ flamer mechs, even if I lost a few or a pilot or two would be hilarious to see. It's just not happening though, the enemy has way more firepower and you have a unit cap; best to get as much armor as you can.The biggest gripe aside, the others are still there too. Optimization is lacking in key areas; loading times, GUI (main menu), and even in battles. Choosing a specific tile can be hard when the mouse cursor is tied to the actual geography, rather than a 1:1 of where your mouse is, meaning anything behind a hill can be a nightmare to make certain you click correctly (this includes attacking enemy mechs). Loading takes forever, and I'm glad I'm a windowed mode player because the amount of time I've probably been clicking other windows or browsing the internet is *half* my ♥♥♥♥ing play time. I don't have a bad HDD either, and like I said: when your game loads slower than Arma3 you have problems.The storyline in many cases has certain glaring flaws that make me almost feel like it was written by a junior writer. I'm not trying to insult the staff, but (avoiding spoilers) we capture a certain key enemy figure, and we hand them off to someone who we only recently earned as an ally in a war. Lo and behold, said key enemy figure is freed, surprise there. Oh, and the whole "we're going to this desolate place of space to check thing out" and suddenly "BUT THEN THEY WERE FOLLOWED!" is the most asinine thing. I hate it because I *had* to watch this story unfold to keep an idea of what in the ♥♥♥♥ was going on, as remembering all the different regions/governments of space and planets is brand new to me, and if I ignored it I'd be completely lost where or what the ♥♥♥♥ was happening at all.Then there's balance failures. Sadly, a good portion can be attributed to the XCOM problem above, but there's more than that. Many weapons are simply lackluster. Why bother with lasers that do less damage? They don't have ammo constraints? That hasn't been a problem for my very beefy mechs with lots of tonnage limits. They're more accurate? Put a pilot in with high targetting, problem solved. Almost every weapon spare gauss cannons, AC/20's and LRM's are basically going to get metted out. An AC/20 does so much damage, both stability and raw, that it's hard to pass up, and when the /10 variant is only a meager 2 tons lighter, it's pointless to drop for a 10 w/ more ammo. There's more on this, but basically... most other weapons suck♥♥♥♥♥#-----------Conclusion:Good base game, but plagued by many little issues. Get on a sale to bemuse yourself, and know what you're getting in to.
Blue Max	Recommended	54.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/vonluckner/	tl;dr: Enough good things to recommend it, enough bad things to make me hesitate about kickstarting the next one.Positivescombat mechanicsThis is the highlight of the genre, and Battletech doesn't disappoint. Combat is slick, and I think there were a lot of very smart decisions made in designing the overall architecture with initiative phases, knockdown, heat management and terrain types. As an adaptation of Classic Battletech, I think that this iteration of how weapons are handled in terms of heat/tonnage/range/damage is the best yet, and avoids the pitfall of leaving certain weapons feeling completely useless.It was a little bit slow, particularly in the early stages of the game, but my understanding is that the ability to accelerate time is being added.Personally I felt like the difficulty curve was acceptable, however I played the beta fairly extensively and had a good sense of what was going to work.progression and skill treesWhile playing, you will continually improve both your band of mechwarriors, and the facilities on your ship. Your mechwarriors are huge investments in time to train to an elite level, and you feel their loss. There's a real gravity to keeping them alive since they aren't easily replaceable like prior Mechwarrior titles. Battlemechs are the same to a lesser degree, and represent large material investments that cannot be replaced with the snap of your fingers.Most importantly, I feel like I've been rewarded for thinking about and planning how my different mechs and mechwarriors work together. While now, after 40 hours, I feel like certain playstyles are better than others, even figuring that out takes a little bit of work. Even if the game progresses towards a lance of Assault mechs, at no point did I feel like I should just take four of the same mech and loadout.art directionSome of the filters on certain planets are a little overdone (I'm thinking specifically of some of the magenta "martian" planets) but generally the presentation of the game throughout is excellent. Visiting the different parts of the ship is a highlight, and riffs off XCom without feeling overly derivative.Music is excellent, and like Shadowrun Jon Everist really sets the mood for the game. I've been listening to the soundtrack on repeat.The sound is good, but some effects are a little overused (I'm thinking of the creaky door knockdown sound).The use of cinematics is sublime. Not only are they breathtaking to watch, but their timing as narrative devices is masterful.rendition of the battletech universeIf you're a fan of Battletech, this is probably the best game to date in capturing the setting. This isn't like the Mechwarrior games that are almost strictly robot battle sims with storylines tacked on far down the line, but a really more of a roleplaying game. That's fantastic, and if you're a fan of the IP this is a must-buy even in spite of some of the flaws.Negatives technical issuesI had one crash the day after release, but the bigger and more persistent issue is that it felt like the game shipped with a memory leak that caused performance to perceptibly degrade after 15-20 minutes of play. This manifested specifically as hangups in the UI, on the ship, and during explosions in combat. Enjoyment of the visuals and wonderful gameplay were really impacted by the sluggish performance. Battletech is a beautiful game because of the stylistic choices, not because of graphical complexity, and so it's profoundly disappointing to see any kind of performance issues. This game would have been a 9/10 for me if it had silky smooth performance.. especially considering it's the sort of game where I might get lost and play for 6-7 hours at a time. Feeling like I have to restart the game periodically is a damning interruption of that immersion. writingThis will segue into a more open letter to the developers,*minor spoilers*While the setting, themes, and worldbuilding of the game feel right for Battletech, most of the character arcs feel lackluster and weighed down by political agenda. At the heart of the story, the dynamic between Victoria and Kamea was compelling and really felt Battletech, but I don't think it needed to be at the expense of making all the male characters expendable or genocidal maniacs. I applaud Farah, but she's a mary sue, straight up- I don't think it was necessary to have a double PhD lead commando teams and save everyone like 3 times. I don't have any problem with representing people of color, or allowing players to assume personas that they identify with- at all. Making Battletech open to everyone is a positive thing, but I think that HBS has really failed in making this agenda too transparent. None of these things in isolation are problems, but all together makes me (as a regular guy) feel like I'm getting written out of the story, and that makes me have a hard time staying invested. Many people complaining about progressive elements in the game might have accepted them if there were a compelling, relatable male storyline character. This could have been as simple as keeping Raju alive as a central character. Depriving people of that entry point is a failure not only for Battletech as a roleplaying game, but for Social Justice as a lack of positive rolemodels.These mis-steps can be overlooked thanks to the solid gameplay and beautiful stylistic choices, but if things hadn't been so nailed down in those departments this game could have been a real failure. 
Odela	Not Recommended	3.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197970307088/	I love the Mech universe and MechCommander games will always hold a special place in my gaming library but as much as I want to fanboy this game I can't honestly give it a good review in its current state.  I presoanlly believe when they address the performance issues this game will be worth the current asking price.
Olav	Not Recommended	34.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198014773761/	Where to start? This game shows lacking direction and experience on part of the developers, but at its core has a good gameplay loop, held together by an iconic setting. Theme, audioscape, static art assets and mechanics are mostly good (and sometimes great), but are let down by the game in general. Rendering blocky mechs in a turn-based game shouldn't be a problem, but at the time of writing the game seems to struggle to chug along, and frequently incurrs loading times of several minutes (on a computer that meets or exceeds all system recommendations). This extends to menus as well; the programming appears to be extremely inefficient. Both in game-design and execution, there are plenty of issues that should be simple to resolve. A few examples:-The game doesn't allow overwriting previous saves - all new manual- and auto-saves will store a new savefile. You'll have to manually go in and delete old files. If you don't, even bringing up the load menu will pretty soon become an exercise in patience. (Again, this shouldn't be the case; I blame the programmers.) To make matters wierder, they've included a search function for finding old saves, but do not allow naming of said saves.-Other than toggling visibility for rough categories on and off, there is no sorting or search functionality to speak of for obtained components, stored mechs, and mech salvage, all of which you'll quite quickly find your self swimming in. Keep in mind that mechs are only listed with a generic icon, tonnage and a short designation (e.g. 'SDH-2H'), so finding what you're looking for is a bother. The game also offers very little in the way of information when browsing these unsorted heaps.-The game bothers with animating the crew members, but there's no option to visualy inspect the mechs. All you get is a partially obstructed front-side view when not out in the field; there's no way to see the visual changes of adding or removing a weapons system beforehand. This would have been such an easy feature to add, considering the static nature of the mechs, and would have done so much for the many mechwarrior fans who've spent hours turning over and inspecting their miniatures.-There is a massive inbalance in value between different pilot 'skill-trees' (obs: there is no branching). There is, for example, virtually no use in improving the guts stat in most cases, as all it does is reduce recoil with a specific weapon category, and raises the number of injuries a pilot can suffer before dying. But it is almost impossible for a pilot to suffer more than a few injuries without their mech blowing up and killing them either way, and a significantly injured pilot is pretty much useless either way, as they'll need to heal fully before going into action again. This could have easily been solved, say by adding a perk to the tree allowing moderately injured pilots to deploy, for example. This would also allow players to mitigate bad RNG.-The game seems to go for a high resolution but with low-quality resources for terrain. So it looks closer to ten years old much of the time, but runs worse.There are, of course, other issues as many here have pointed out. Bad RNG can have all too lengthy effects, the storyline is mediocre, lacking voice-acting, and poor mission design causing the game to get very samey over time. But what gets me the most is the fact that there is something great at the core, being held back by a lot of design flaws that would have been fairly easy to avoid. For my part, I'm happy that I didn't pay more than $25 on Kickstarter for this. For anyone considering getting the game, I'd suggest waiting until it goes on a sale, and hoping that the HBS LLC has fixed some of the issues by then, 
etherseraph	Not Recommended	40.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197983699067/	..... Oh its a hard one this. I like the game, but ALOT of the little ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t things add up fast and drag down.Salvaging system is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. You have to take a wild guess on if this mission is going to be worth taking cash, salvage rights, or swallowing a mouthful of employer ♥♥♥♥. Cash is the only reliable one, but its useless as its just going to drain out of your account for running costs. Never expect to find mechs in the store, just parts, never enough to actually build one, and NEVER anything good.Salvage. ... This one just pisses me off. I take a high ranking mission to hunt down a "heavy mech" which turns out to just be a big tank. and then have to fight half a dozen small mechs that just pick and pull my troops apart, getting lucky shots to the head (which you will almost never get, even if your do called shots to the cockpit) wounding my pilot putting them out for several weeks, burning through armor to damage the structure and destroy equipment. And what do i get? to choose 1-5 pieces of salvage at the cost of money, and all that salvage is low grade crap weapons that sell for nothing (and despite hving about 50 of them in my hold, i cant bulk sell, i have to sell them One. At. A. Time.) or parts of mechs that are worthless. Unless you have 3 parts you cant build it, and then you just have 2 parts sitting there until you just happen to find that last piece... So you can then put it back into storage and sell it cause its worthless. Several times i've just alt+f4ed out cause a mission with cheap ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t tore my mechs apart and offered such♥♥♥♥♥♥rewards that i just couldnt be bothered to quit out proper. just.. ♥♥♥♥ it.Reputation... All your doing is licking your lips after the guy who hired you ♥♥♥♥ed all over your face. You've taken no money, and no salvage so they like you more. You get a small discount/raise when selling, but the items they sell are never worth it, and the items your selling are so low priced the bonus isnt enough to bother. sure, you could take the "high reputation" missions... But why? its going to be the same flood of trash mechs tearing you apart costing you more then you will make on doing the mission.The risk reward is totally ♥♥♥♥ed. The merc review crap is suppose to be there so mercs arent screwwed over like this, so in world it makes no sense why you get NO intel on these missions. Especially as you have your own ♥♥♥♥ off star ships to do recon as well. Weapons are unbalanced, so prepare to get your♥♥♥♥♥raped extensively by giant swarms of missiles that will just drill through your armor like its tissue, enemies with machine guns that are suppose to be anti-personal scale doing multipule hits to your mechs cockpit with enough force, through armor made to stop tank shells, to knock your pilots out, and other ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.Defense is king here. Except yours. Your armor is♥♥♥♥♥♥ be prepared to hammer on light mechs while piloting assault mechs covered in weapons for entire missions slowly chipping away their armor while they just cut through yours like its nothing.This turd needs some MAJOR polish. I backed at the original announcement at PAX before it was out on kickstarter, then dropped in a couple extra hundred to get it going. And i kinda regret it as it stands. I could have bought the books for the game, some of the minis, and had a better time with my friends table gaming with drinks.Also, keep a book handy. This game has NAILED the tedium of what space travel would be like. be prepared for hours of sitting around while space zips by, sitting hooked up to a jumpship, or watching the planet turn while your mechs repair and pilots heal up. Just dont read a mech warrior book cause you'll realize just what you are missing...Sorry harebrain, i cant recommend this one as it stands.lets not forget.."Hey! We need you to stop 80 super heavy mechs with high powered weapons, vehicles that can some how roll over mechs, and they sometimes ignore the rules... ... You only get 4 guys with much lighter mech and worse equipment. And we are gonna send in random reinforcements. For them. Your ♥♥♥♥ed."And dont try to feed me some "limited drop capability" the people your working for can very ♥♥♥♥ing well take down a couple of your extra mechs while they are ♥♥♥♥ing at it!
Battle Bureaucrat	Not Recommended	20.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198005828025/	Among it's many problems, Battletech could be a good game given more development time to iron out the edges. Despite positives of stellar music, satisfying tactical gameplay there is just a plethora of issues that as a long time Battletech/Mechwarrior fan I cannot ignore. Worse yet, having waited so long for a proper Battletech game is not excuse to wash this product of criticism.I could bash the performance, which often drops to slideshow pace, but that is hopefully something the devs can patch soon. Although the graphical fidelity is decent for an isometric Tactical Turn Based game, my gaming rig which can easily run more demanding games on full settings struggles here and I have no idea why or how to fix that?That aside, the glaring issue is... this being a tactical turn based game, with splash of strategy and financial management, it should be tactically challenging - one would think. Yet our main opponent - the AI directing enemy units in the field - is very poor and easy to mannipulate. Aside from few scripted events, or missions enforcing a certain playstyle, like Convoy Attack or Assassination, where the enemy can in fact make a mad dash to the safe zone, most fights will look exactly the same. Keep your main units back, take the light mech into scout role, Sensor Lock the enemies on the edge of your sensor range and keep pounding them from afar, while kiting your foes with ever elusive light mech.Enemies do not stay in formations, whenever they sniff you out, they'll run at you, all at their respective paces, making it really easy to eliminate them ONE BY ONE, as they approach. And better yet! because you can concentrate fire one enemy at a time, you'll keep knocking them down making the fight all the easier. By the time the heavy mechs arrive, you already destroyed most of the enemy forces. They don't wait for rest of their companions, don't try to flank, they don't do anything beside perhaps moving enough to get the evasion defense bonus, and maybe run for cover, but that's it. Worse yet is the AI's very short pathfinding alrgorithm. If you can stand on some ledge or behind a cover which is not traversable, you can pound the poor sods to oblivion with Indirect Fire and the AI won't know how to get up to you, despite the mountain slope being few hundred yards away. It's less of an issue if the enemy uses jump jest, but still... you can play Benny Hill arround some structures or rocky hills, with enemy running back and forth, unable to commit, retreat or do anything competent.I do like however the new ideas at the table. The initiative system is phenomenal idea. Often in turn based games, the quick and agile characters go first, but then, the slower and more cumbersome get to react to those, making an unrealistic situation. We can also spin it other way around, slow and cumbersome go first, then fast and agile react (like in Battletech tabletop game) but we give ground to the bigger and heavier opponents who may take better positions before us. The current solution this game offers is best of both worlds. As a light mech, we have a choice, whether we make a risky dash for favorable position, or wait and react to what the heavies do. Great idea.Story and Plot - It does fit the atmosphere of Battletech world, it's what the setting is about. Feuds of high noble houses, politics and schemes. There are, however, few GLARING issues with it. And the main is: IT'S NOT OUR STORY... And the ending is revealed in Campaign's intro. There - we've won, we brought justice to Aurigan Coalition, we are the Heroes... so we are said by the narrative up front. There is no choice, we cannot craft our own legend there, it's not Mechwarrior 4 Mercs, where you either fight for Davion, Steiner, become Hero or an infamous pirate. No, we have no choice as it is not our story. Everything revolves about Kamea Arano - the character on the cover, in every 'cinematic'. We are an 'NPC' in her story, railroaded hard to go on with the narrative. This is bad on so many levels, feels like plot written by every example of bad scenario writing for an RPG Game Master. Never make your players be secondary characters to someone else's story! And don't spoil the ending in the very first chapter! What's even the point now? Where's the tension? This is so bad, cause it spoils any possible surprise! For instance, in the very first chapter as we are commander of our own Merc Companny, a 'mysterious employee want's to hire us' - us insignificant lowlife merc band, who can barely afford paying their loans. And that 'mysterious' employee knows us by name. Gee, I wonder who that might be? Oh, it turns out Kamea Arano, who happens to know us from the first tutorial mission, did not die and her dropship wasn't destroyed. And she just happens to be payrolled by a local superpower, and she's just willing to buy out our debts, all of them... how convenient that we just happen to be in dire financial situation. I would actually prefer if we played as Kamea or someone more involved with the story! Like Ian Dresari in MW4, we'd be the actual heroes of that story and have investment in this conflict. Let's drop the pretense of Mercenary work then, cause whenever we do a story focused mission, it's actually scripted, challenging, that's when the game shines. But the whole rest? The actual Mercenary part where we do contracts for various sides, run the business, it's pretty much same couple missions, with very poor AI - but this is sadly the only moment where we feel like Mercs doing what the game originally promissed.To summ it up - Battletech is a story someone in HBS wrote... then someone else decided to shoehorn it into a game about Mercenaries, while stripping us, the players from experiencing our own story, crafting our own legend and having the world react to our choices.This is even more enforced when interractions with our crew are locked behind invisible checkboxes - only way to check them, is to do the main Story Missions. We don't get to know them further until we do something for Kamea Arano. And even that unlocks dialogue options in regard to what happened on that mission - only contributing to the fact it's not our story, it's not a game about Mercenary group whatever you might call your band, it's a game about epic strugle of a brave young monarch fighting for her throne against all odds... and we are just guys who help out every now and then. Imagine you're a character mentioned in someone else's Battletech fanfic.Imagine! A game called Witcher, where you don't play as Geralt, not even Geralt's close friend, not even Zoltan... but Zoltan's buddy who get's paid to show up whenever there's a ruckuss. But, he doesn't get to be in any cutscene, doesn't get to interract with anyone of notice, can just nodd his head, get paid, and return to do whatever he was doing prior to being summoned.Immagine! A game called Deus Ex, where Adam Jensen goes about his fight with illuminati and what not... and you play Pritchard... wait! Not even that, you play as Tracer Tong's hired gangling who get's deployed off screen to help Jensen in some mission. You sit and watch the cutscenes where Jensen is the man, where Jensen get's to talk and make choices, while you nod, get paid, and go back home do whatever you were doing untill you are needed again.Disappointing experience.And we know HBS can craft a good story, Shdowrun games were all about player's character making the calls, choices, shaping the world around them. We know they can do it. Just immagine if instead of the pretense of free character creation nonsense, we were given a defined character, like Sir Raju. Let's say he survives, he's the one who joins a merc company in hopes of starting new life. It would make so much more sense, it would be so much more involving for us, the players, it would mean actual investment in the story.
Ashwood	Not Recommended	32.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198030874538/	I would like to start out by saying i pre ordered this game a couple months ago. I have read most of the battletech novels and played the table top game for many hours to much enjoyment.  I cannot recomend this game in it current state and am very disapointed in it's release.I don't want to go into the technical issues and shortcoming becuase reading through the reviews i feel other people are covering those way better than i ever could. In short the controlls are terrrible, there is no tactical map view or zoom out to see the whole map which makes not sense in a tactical turn based game.Story is 5/10 not great but not bad just average.I want to focus on actual game play which i feel like is the greatest shorcoming of this game. I also wanted to wait over 20 hours into the game to not make a snapjudgement decision and experience gameplay further into the game. I will say that the game just isn't fun, you will find only frustration and there is no rewarding feeling when you finish a mission only the question of why am i still playing this game and grinding with no rewards. The AI is terrible it has one directive, charge at you and do as much damage as it possible can with no regards to it's safety, survival, or any win conditions that it may have. If it is a mission to attack a convoy the AI doesn't move to protect said convoy it only charges at you and tries to do as much damage as it can with no regards to it's safety or the convoys safety. Knockdown mechanics are horrible, the AI never defends to restore stability and just keeps shooting all its weapons. The AI doesn't care about overheat it will shoot everything until all their mechs go into heat shut down. i have had a mission of 5 AI mechs being in heat shutdown at the same time which is just rediculious. Back to knock down the AI doesn't care about stability which would bedifit the player but their are no penelties to knockdown, they just get up, move, and attack which needs to be changed in the next patch. standing up should consume all of your movement, it should probably consume all your turn and not be able to shoot but you get gaurded status after standing up. Second the actuall game play is repetitive and boring, every map landscape is the exact same. every mission is the exact same. You will always be outnumbered and outgunned. mechwarrior stats have zero impact on enemies, recruits always hit with their weapons no matter their states. Your player mechwarriors with maxed out stats have zero improvement or bonuses over a brand new recruit. I know the game says you have bonuses in your training screen but after alot of testing stats have zero impact on the game. third the game forces you into one type of gameplay to be sucessfull. since the objective in the game is to not go broke and nothing else (no matter what any one tells you this is the one and only mission in this game) every mission you have to fight at max range with AC and LRM weapons so that your mechs don't take damage that you can afford to repair and its boring and the game punishes you for any sort of experitmentation with any other weapons, and LRM always scores a head shot by your enemies which again is frustation that you take 4-6 damage but then you have a mechwarrior out for 16 days of injury recovery. So in the end i would give the game a 2/10 overall. it is boring, repetitive, and offers no feeling of reward when progressing or playing further into the story. instead you are forced to constantly load and reload to get the best combat conditions which is cheating, and any game that forces you into cheating to be sucessful is pretty terrible. Unfortuneatly it's to to late to get a refund but i wouldn't waste you money on this game. If you want to play buy it for sale under $10. It's not really worth that for the terrible gameplay but their are alot of us out there loyal to the battletech universe. Good hunting mechwarriors.
Zebanash	Not Recommended	76.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/zebanash/	Jesus i really want to love this game, i kickstarted it, i have mech's on my bookshelf.I.Love.Battletech.I really do.The lore is amazing, lots to read and if you are a battletech fan, lots of fan service for them. But did HBS shove this massive chunk of unoptimized♥♥♥♥♥♥out the window. The UI is barely into beta in my opinion. The tooltips often offer little to no solid information on mech parts and weapons. I like battletech, but its been awhile, and i played MWO a bit so most of it is still fresh in my mind. Here are the Quality Of Life changes that would NEED to be implemented for me to want to play this.1) Optimize. This runs like a game from 2010, load times are horrific if you only have 8gb of ram and it chugs, i'm talking ~5fps, during explosions, and this is with a medium/high end gaming rig.2) the Mechbay, oh the wonders you can work in here, too bad its so user unfriendly it isn't even funny. In order to put new parts on your mech or change things you need to refit, which is fine, but guess what, no access to the store while refitting, no way to save your refits progress and come back because you were 1 Medium laser short. Those jumpets? Well, you better guess or know out of the game how many means what because all they tell you is hardpoints. Not distance travelled or any reason to put in more.There's no progress log in the mechbay, so if you unmount, remount something it will double charge and doesn't show you the cost/time until the very very end. So if the second thing you did on your mech is the thing you wanted to do, too bad ♥♥♥♥♥, time to undo all your work and redo it.3) Game UI: Another example of this being rushed out waaaayyyyyy too early with not enough polish. You can't see half the icons because they are either too low res or the colour box matches up. On a lunar mission? have fun finding your facing or trying to see what inititive some things are, because they'll blend in the background. Once i select a mech i can't unclick off to see the screen. Why can't i move and then melee? Why is my facing automatically decided? Why do you insist on zooming in to my mech with a locked camera when i all i want to do is sprint my 4 mechs and move onto the next turn. I looked EVERYWHERE for a place to disable this, no available.And the Heat Counter. I can't even calculate heat with this thing, where are the numbers? Where is the ♥♥♥♥ing math? Thats half of the fun of battletech.I hate to say it, but right now, Mechwarrior Online is a far, far, better game than Battletech when it comes to mechbuilding and polish. Please fix this HBS, i'm a kickstarter, i wanted to see this game from the very mention of it, but make it playable before i'm even thinking of playing it more than i have or recommending it to someone else.
Wolf of Dresden	Not Recommended	17.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198131535646/	I've had more errors with this release than with anything else I've played on my PC.  Crashes to desktop, lost saved games, odd graphics glitches, overheating my computer's heat sink - the game feels like it went completely untested before release.  Adding to this is the weird edits to the core Battletech system (reducing pilot HP by one-half while leaving them just as easy to injure and treating all injuries to the pilot as if they require hospitalization, making repairs take a ludicrously long time (replacing a lost mech limb requires 180 minutes in the tabletop game), etc.).  Very disappointing - we will see if HBS patches this game into something my laptop can safely run.
Sage_Emerald	Not Recommended	17.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Kailow_Krow/	The only type of person who could see only good or only bad in this game, is biased.  There are a few categories or attributes, I like to focus on when looking over any game. Everybody puts different emphasis on different attributes. For example, for gamers like myself, people who played a lot of much more old fashioned games, like Mechwarrior, Diablo (1), Doom and Quake, it's hard to argue justly that "graphics matter" that doesn't mean they're not bad. They are, very, very bad especially in during cinematic camera. Just that it doesn't matter. However when framing this not as a game that came out in 2005 or so, but a game from 2018 and for 40$, this raises some questions and choices only you can make. Another attribute many like myself put the most emphasis on is gameplay/mechanics. Now, this is mechanically, Battletech. With things like the Hardpoints from Mechwarrior, or Missionforce Cyberstorm (which for game from the 90's holds up and is worth a try, even runs in 1080p.) All of which is honestly fine, but what's funny is that game was poised with a pre existing systems! Instead of hard pointes it'd just take longer to put a larger variety of things on a mech. There's already tonnage and slots in addition to the time it takes to refit! And I mean, like sure, that'd mean modular models, more textures, more work, but hey, it's only a 40$ game, right? (For 20 more dollars you can the new God of War!) Same with destructible environments, and classic little things like pushing an enemy mech into a building and/or dropping it on them. But hey, too much work, not like most of the buildings are already destructible! Same with using the flamer to set trees and buildings on fire. There are definitely a few mechanical nuances that are missing from the game. I struggle to name this as "Battle Tech" for some of those reasons because I was looking forward to experiencing those kind of moments, making those kinds of choices. And they're simply not there.  And the counter criticism that their inclusion might have been a limitation of the engine, I take that as no excuse. Period. You must know before buying this game that it is MADE WITH UNITY. A stark and dread-filling reminder that will put the bad kind of adrenaline infused nervous butterflies in your stomach every single time you start up the game. But, I'm not everybody and have no bearing on what your experience might be like. Yes, indeed, it might be worse, you might even die. At least I can ensure your brain will send a shiver down your spine every time your desktop cursor pops up, into that blue wheel during a loading screen. Or that it will make your genitalia quiver with fear when the game drops frames and freezes for a moment, usually a moment long enough just for the panic to register, but not always long enough for it to take hold and make you disrobe before fleeing into the street... not always... Now complaints of crashing, and poor optimization, are plenty, and nothing new. But it can not be stated with enough of a detailed explanation to the point of ineffability. Typically, in the form of long winded dreary sentences laden with expletives of both the vulgar and traditional kind. Much like my sentences. I have a windows 10 desktop computer with an AMD Ryzen 5 1600, six core processor. 16gigs of DDR4 ram and RX 580 XFX 8 gig video card. All drivers up to date at all times. And if this game wants to eat resources, that's fine. I'm used to it, I run The Witcher 3 at 1080p 60fps. This game does not look like The Witcher 3 not even at Witcher's lowest settings. WHERE ARE ALL THOSE RESOURCES GOING!? Why is this game lagging down to 25 fps when it doesn't freeze up entirely during "cinematic camera" moments like melee attacks? I can nearly guarantee, unless you have a super computer, or dedicated "gaming rig" never mind the listed system requirements, your game will almost certainly crash eventually. And by that, I more strictly mean that I can guarantee that if you have so much as the task manager running in the background. Nevermind something resource heavy like Spotify or a Browser, good luck. HOW THE CRAP DOES THIS GAME NEED 99% OF MY GPU WHEN ALT-TABBED?!Ironic that the character creator is diverse in options where it does not count as much, but that the only difference between the male and female facial presets is the jawline and everybody in the game has the exact same eyes, with slight variations on the makeup, hair and color, tattoos, etcetera. Somebody got banned from the forums for asking "Where's the blonde hair" That's What's bad is how noticeable the template in the pilots and the 3d models for the NPCs who have no animation to them for the most part aside from blinking, and looking around. They look like plastic dolls, there's no real character to them. They all have the same asian-ish eyes. The highlight of the game honestly, so far, for me, in terms of those such things was the cutscenes of beautifully animated mostly still paintings. Also beautifully drawn painted character portraits for major characters. Which look nothing like the models and are just so lifeless and bland, be better off if they where just paintings!That topic reminds of me the U.I. Now, I have a few thoughts on that. It does that sort of zooming camera thing, like in Starcraft 2's story mode, where instead of clicking on the menu button, for a menu icon, you can click directly on the computer you'd be using directly, as if in first person. The Ui is a counterintuitive mess that relies on your memory of where things are more than good design. For example the ship menu should be: Leopard, Mechbay, Barracks, Navigation, Cmd center, quarters. You know, organized by both where they are in the ship, and what they're for? Like, a smart person would do? Now something I've seen a lot of debate on. Difficulty. So here's the skinny, or my opinion on that: The tutorial is terrible. Now, from a story standpoint it's barely justified. In order to have an "easy" time with the game you will need a background in mech piloting. It does not teach you that different parts of the mech have different armor, same for enemies. You need to figure that out yourself. It does not teach you that you need to have line of sight with another mech to fire artillery from behind cover, that's what loading screens are for, right? It doesn't as I recall, teach you how evasion works in charges. Why you want to remove it from enemies with some machine gun fire from a light mech before taking a more melee oriented mech in close for heavy damage or a kill. Which it does not state how important that is for knocking down mechs. Or why called shots are important for trying to disable specific parts. This game is easy, if you already know everything about it. If the tutorial is your only starting point, buckle up and prepare to reload from the beginning of the game a few times. Maybe a mission or two into the game because your next bill is due in 4 days and all your mechs need 14 to repair and replace parts. On normal difficulty.And the story is bad. Really, really bad. Not even the forums are defending it.I'm sorry, to the devs, for my harsh words. But you earned it. Your game was made with unity. And that's why I'm skeptical of how much can even be fixed at all, no matter how much time or how many patches you wait for. Come back in a year or two, pick it up during a summer sale with all the DLC for 15 or 20 bucks. Then I would consider it worth it. The only people who will say this game is all good, or all bad are biased. Whether that be a vested interest in the studio, the I.P. or even the "inexplicable" politics. And among them, fans of the I.P. you guys are the ones I feel the most empathy for. Held in legal limbo for over a decade now? And this is what you get after all this time? This is not "better than nothing" either. Paradox and HBS owe Battletech fans an apology. The game is fun, but it's cons out way the pros. 4/10 IMO.
Gooey Nibbles	Not Recommended	47.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198039898828/	I love the Battletech universe and I love the foundations this game is built on, which hurts even more to say that I can't recommend this game to anyone at its current state. The entire experience is riddled with fps issues and bugs that somehow crawls into the menu's. I've had 2 gamebreaking bugs happened during story missions and while I am lucky enought not to get any crashes like some here have experienced, the entire affair has left me feeling sour even more so that battles take way too long due to the lack of a speed up button. They need to put an early access tag onto this game cause its outright ridiculous what battletech fans have to put up with.
Hawggy	Recommended	205.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/hawggy/	Simply put, this game is the BattleTech table-top simulator. It is everything I expected, and more. It has issues (animation quarks, performance problems, crashing for some people - not me, and older gen graphics), but it does what I need it to: Allow me to have a virtual table-top 'experience'. Sure, when I was 13, I had plenty of time during the summer to gather all my readouts, dice & lead figurines and meet up to play at the local bookstore, but that time has passed. This game fills that void, and then some. If you've ever played & enjoyed the table-top (or the Crescent Hawk games), you owe it to yourself to give this a try.
Solo	Not Recommended	174.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/vallyr/	Overall, I DO NOT recommend this game. The elements that make battle tech great are in there, buried under layers of total garbage. My review is only for the single player game mechanics.In my review of battletech, I will discuss the cool Pros and the very uncool cons. This review is written from the perspective of a guy who started playing battletech and mechwarrior games on MS-Dos in the 90's and grew into the minature game in my early 20's having a huge collection and being fairly well versed in the standard game mechanics(tech level 2 and higher).The game starts with fmv's that are typical to indie unity games, namely paintings that were probably made in art rage and animated by some third rate animator with narrations slapped on top. Honestly though, they are done well, but I don't recongize any of the plot, because honestly it suffers from the same lack luster story telling that jordan wiseman inspired books do. Game of thrones in space multipled by boring. For me, battletechs lore really doesn't get interesting until the clanner invasions, which is something the video games never want to focus on. Sure the most iconic mech is the mad cat/timberwolf but it is ofcourse absent infavor of innersphere junk tech. Which is fine, thats an artistic choice. First let me say that I bought a new high end gaming desktop from best buy this week because I'm living on the road and wanted to play battle tech for release. I don't know how they managed it but after closing the game and reloading it, it will consistently come close to frying my brand new amd card and then windows will go into the blue screen of death mode. This is a common complaint from many people. When the game works the UI is annoying. You live and manage your Merc Company from your drop ship(COOL!). However, selecting any option on your menu, for example mech hanger, takes you to a screen that shows your mechanic , from here you have to click on an object in the background to actually go into the hanger, or you can chat with the mechanic who will give you really unhelpful tutorials in conversation. Once you are in the hangar if you attempt to work on a mech you only have access to parts in storage, not the local store. So if you want to upgrade your part you have to go into the unweildly mech bay screen, take inventory, go back out, navigate to the store, buy up every thing you need(don't forgot anything!), then navigate all the way back to your shop, and attach the parts. Now you'd think that doing repairs would simply be a matter of money+the parts. No!, it also takes time. A mistake I made many times was simply moving one weapon from one arm to the other, and BAM, now I have to pay to have it removed plus 3 days to remove it, then another 3 days to reattach it plus the labor fee for that!This is where the game gets really awful . Every month you have to look over your profit and loss statement, and if you went bankrupt you sell your company, game over! The problem is that after every mission, your mechs get banged up and have ridiculous repair times, your pilots end up in the hospital, all of which takes TONS OF TIME. Time in this game is basically passed by pressing play at the home screen. As each day advances it brings you one day closer to your Profit and Loss screen. When your mechs and pilots are out of comission you are effectively paralyzed and cant earn any income, thus trapping you in a doom loop spiralling ever further downward into bankruptcy. If you can get passed the economic problems, you get opportunities to do contracts in game. I like the idea they had as far as being able to negociate the terms of the contracts dictating how much money, salvage rights and rep you get. Some times choosing certain contracts force you to travel to other worlds(which isn't clear immediately, a theme you will see repeated as the introduction and tutorials do a crap job of explaining), so you better becareful and not travel if youre going to go bankrupt mid trip!once you're in battle, the game plays JUST like classic battletech, which is to say that it can be painfully slow. You are even forces to watch over the shoulder running animations which are more akin to a slow dragging sensation. Some things that are not clear though is that to use basic techniques like called shot, you need to have morale(something new). Morale is built up over time by doing inspiring things like landing difficult shots, punching mechs in the face etc. The interface here lacks some of the specifics that seasoned vets of battletech would appreciate, for example I can see my heat bar but not the actual heat level in a numerical value or atleast its not obvious. Once a battle concludes you get to see a summary, and if you're lucky your pilots didn't die. Then you get to choose salvage based on your contract negociation. Overall the combat is enjoyable but everything else is a disaster. As far as the time/money problems I would like to see way less emphasis on time, or atleast the option to increase the speed at which things are done by spending more money. Instead all you have is a task prioritization option that chooses the order in which things are done.  I would have like to have had a much more stream line option to skip all the bull. If I click an option on the menu, take me straight there! don't drop me at an intermediary screen where I have to figure out what to click on in the background. The store needs to be accessable from the mech bay screen. An option to skip the intro mission would be great too for restarting. (now I just made myself a post intro mission restart save).  I really dislike the fixed hardpoint types like saying the arm can only equip lasers. If you don't want me to customize my mech then replace the slots with hard point boxes rather than say the arm can not equip lasers, missles, etc etc but still has ten slots. Really defeats the purpose of Battletech. The last gameplay point I want to make is the mech salvage. In this game, if I don't actually salvage mechs, I salvage pieces of mechs. It takes three pieces to complete a mech which then must be assembled by yang the mechanic before it can be used, FINE, it takes away some of the fun from head shoting that highlander but whatever. DON'T seperate the mechs by subvariant though! The legs from a shadowhawk A should fullfill the same needs as the legs from a shadowhaw B, instead I have to play the collectibility game. BLAH.I do think this game has potential to benifit from the steam workshop though, as it is pretty clear that it is setup for modding. I wouldve like to have seen the ability to import my own portraits for pilots and my own emblems. I also wish that the nonbacker pilots were procedurally generated so they were not the same every time. I mean its not like they have custom animations like the old mech commander games. Honestly I was expecting something more akin to mech commander, except one that used the core battletech mechanics. Ohwell, I'm lucky if the game doesnt crash.
sifamily4	Not Recommended	3.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198026766396/	Never could get past the loading screen right after you click new campaign. Cost me $39 for a day of frustation.
fredshutts	Not Recommended	25.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198119750198/	I can not recommend this game till there is a usable manual, or a proper tutorial. I can not recommend this game till there is a way to shut off the ENDLESS cut scenes EVERY time anything happens. It also tries to crash every I launch a mission. It is a fun game I'm not going to bag on it completely, it has a great story, its fun and a little campy. And I believe it captures the table top well. But it is way to slow. Come on HBS you can do this :)
mscomies	Not Recommended	20.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197992113049/	Mechanically solid, but the story was boring and the gameplay got repetitive long before I was halfway done on the campaign.  Also, light mechs become useless fast because your drops are bottlenecked by number of mechs, not weight.
DonkeyJockey	Not Recommended	174.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197967643101/	I hate to write a negative review based solely on UI responsiveness, but the UI lag is actually that bad on Battletech. You can assume in this sort of game, you'll spend about 50% of your time on the tactical map, and 50% of the time managing your merc company in the 2D UI. About 50% of my time on the 2D company management UI consists of waiting for the UI. Click on a merc, takes 10 seconds to load that merc's stats. Click on the store, take 10 seconds to load up the store. God forbid you click on refitting a mech. That'll be 10-30 seconds of waiting. Then you mess with the mech for like 30 seconds, hit confirm, wait 20 seconds, then hit confirm again, then wait 20 more seconds to go back to the mech management screen.TL;DR- over 25% of my time spent on Battletech is spent waiting for 2d UI refreshes in the company management interface. The actual 3d graphics intensive tactical combat runs smooth as butter. Sense? I think not. The gameplay itself is amazing. Just can't enjoy it between 30 second pauses on 2d menus.
ldgarrett	Recommended	375.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198022787441/	A Short & Entirely Favourable Review of BattleTech.I love it, have not had the performance issues some others have reported, was sufficiently engaged by the Campaign Story, got a lot of the things I wanted to see in the game from its setting and era (based on lore)... and am confident in HBS's ability and intent to expand the game.I'm sufficiently impressed that I help other players who want to get into the game, when they ask, regarding the extensive lore from the Tabletop version of the game that makes the whole experience more fun.As an off-the shelf game, I'd rate it higher than XCOM EU/EW... and I'm a 1500hrs + Long War 1 player, heh.Enjoy!
Hrimfaxi	Recommended	77.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197964125295/	For those who love the history of MechWarrior and MechCommander, along with tabletop Battletech, this will fulfill you and more! I fell in love with the game series with MechCommander and transitioned into MechWarrior. When I saw this come up for Kickstarter, I backed in near immediately as it was developed by some of the people who ran the old school FASA.
MysticWav	Recommended	60.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198002554559/	I've known battletech since the boardgame days and Mechwarrior 2 on the computer.  I was a little wary about the rules changes they made, but it all ended up working really well.The attention to detail in the universe/lore is unbelievable.  It was clearly made by people who know and love the series.I wish that money had been a /little/ tighter.  In the beginning you are having to make actual choices based on money scarcity, but the campaign doesn't hold that for long.  Equipment scarcity remained strong.  If you find a piece of lostech you are always both happy and terrified.  It'll give you an edge on the battlefield, but you know if something goes wrong that you will not be able to replace that sucker.Two thumbs up if you're a fan of Battletech or tactical strategy game.
Retroburn	Recommended	39.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/retroburn/	You know a game is special when its community is neck-deep in stats, theorycrafting, and debates about weapon loadouts and lance ("squad" in BATTLETECHspeak) composition. Every day I learn something new. That's something that's rare these days where games are wearing these cute baby gloves. Here, the only gloves you get to see are actuator-driven, Endo Steel-gauntleted fists of a 100-ton Atlas tearing through your cockpit. To get a taste of its complexity, here's one of the more easily digestible aspects of the game, pilot training:https://youtu.be/DNBpQXCfcyI 
Rattler	Recommended	91.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198036454367/	Having grown up with MechWarrior 2, I've been a fan of the Battletech universe since the 90s. Played a bit of MechCommander 2, MechWarrior 3, 4, and played the living hell out of 4 Mercs. I even got my hands on the Mech Paks.Newer systems, like mine running Win7, don't like these older games. Which made me sad.Then Battletech came out.YAY!I may be used to the Clan Invasion era around the 3060s, but I have been having a BLAST playing this game. Main advantage I have is I've played other Turn based Strategy games like XCom and Fire Emblem, so resource management isn't as much of a problem.The number of available mechs is pretty nice, and the story is pretty engaging and forgiving as well. I say forgiving because you don't have to immediately go to the next story mission if you don't feel you're ready for it. Just take some more contracts, build up money and maybe even salvage a new mech, then go when you feel ready.I hope they add more mechs in the future. Having the old 3025 Tech Manual, I know there are some other interesting designs that can be added. Some of which were redesigned and are no longer listed as "Unseen". (Term used to describe mechs blasted by Harmony Gold, such as the Warhammer and Marauder)Overall pretty fun game.Welp... back to playing "leapfrog" with my Catapult and bombarding enemies with LRMs!
Callie	Not Recommended	27.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198159960374/	The AI lacks any sense of self preservation. Their only motive is to sacrifice everything in order to cause as much monetary damage to you regardless of the tactical situation. They fight to the last mech killing a weaponless mech instead of dealing with the healtheir ones in front of them. They know the campaign has infinite mechs to throw at you, and since they can't make a competent tactical AI they settle with an annoying one and pretend that's "challenging". I'm sure the game will seem complete and have depth once Paradox throws $150 of DLC at it, but this is another game they've published that is absolutely barebones at launch.
FuzzyMcGee	Not Recommended	111.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198009215800/	Edit² Well after finishing the game .... i only got one huge question...Which idea was it to leave the basically most iconic Battletech Mech ever, out of the game ( Yes i am talking Timber Wolf / Mad Cat ) . Huge Disappointment -.-Probably coming in a 20$ DLC  ...... and yes i know it is a clan omnimech , and was in thoery not encountered yet by inner sphere pilots(during the timeline of the game) , but you could have implemented it somehow. Maybe find a single one, totally wrecked in a mission , and nobody knows what kind of mech that is . Or *spoiler* espinosa has opne after he goes rogue and you get a single chance to get that mech by shooting him out of the cockpit ..... just something ... give that mech some love -.-________________________________When i wrote this review I gave it a thumbs up , but as I just started the game and my save seems to be gone / broken . I need to start all over again and basically 6 hours of progression are gone ...  just great. That's definatly something that must not have happened , and can't be excused , and I even saved manually...----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Original Review:Its a good game , and it certainly somewhat captures the feeling of the Tabletop . BUT:There is some Modfication options but because of mounting point presets they feel blunt and sometimes really not attractive.I think some stuff still needs tweaking , like mech repair and especially refit times .I mean it takes 7 days to switch a gun .... thats just stupid  , they change whole parts of the space station in one day and in the year 4k they cannot change a single weapon in less than 7 days  ? i.e. a refit of a 45t mech took 32 days , repair of a heavily dmged mech 67 days ....  i don't now this just feels wrong and blatantly slows the game down . I like to concept of having to scrap your♥♥♥♥♥♥together and not just being able to buy top notch equiqment , but combined with the outrages repair and refit times  ... it does not work atm , imo.The Optimization is damn freaking poor , this game drops fps like a charm and puts heavy load on all your components (running a 1080ti dropping to 1 fps during movement i.e. and basically everything besides a static image drops FPS like crazy, some might say its not that much of a problem , as it is a turn based game . But well it is ♥♥♥♥ing annoying and kills a lot of immersion imo) . And it obviously doesn't even look very good (unity engine) . The Voice acting seems almost random  , one sentence it is acted , then 1 second later you get a textbox , but the sentence after that is voiced again ( all being the same person talking to you) within like 15 secs .Animations also look very stiff , but probably doesn't care as you will drop fps anyway far below 60 if anything is going on. I should mention i am playing in 4k with max settings besides AA , and before anyone starts screaming , well its your fault  go down a bit . I did go down and it did not care pretty much the same rubbish fps drops . Also if a game looks like if it was from 2010 i should be able to play it in 4k .....Cannot really say much about the campaign and storytelling yet , i just started playing and it started of good  .But it might and seems like to become a static repetitive grindfest from what it looks like atm .The Auto Camera is horrible , moves into terrain all the freaking time , and resets your zoom and so on so forth.Deactivated it completly. Also there is no colllision check in between Models and the Terrain so if a mechs gets knocked down on a non flat terrain , at very least, half of it will be stuck in the terrain (visually)  , at very least.In my Opinion Devs still got a LOT of work to do on this game , which they hopefully will be able to. Really again ... that optimization ... wtf  , actually helps capturing the table top feel i mean you did not really see your stuff moving back then....It is my Honest Opinion , that besides maybe a little more in-depth story ... Mech Commander was the much better game  , You had actual possibilities of modifiying your mechs ... not just armor it up ..... but i know it is closer to the table top like Battletech did it with preset hardmounts , but then again the reapir times are just plain stupid . And i even feel like the Character lvling up from Mech Commander 2 might be just as in-depth as battletech system which is pretty sad , considering one of the 2 games is 15+years older?Unity just was a bad choice overall imo , the game could have looked so freaking awesome in UE4  , but then again it is not free to use i guess ;/Atm the Graphics feel like a mere upgrade to Mech Commander 2(which i played just a week ago) , which is very old ........very old.....Sry atm it is at best a 6/10 with a lot of potential left to be unlocked imo.
weevil empire	Not Recommended	1.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/weev/	I own the entirety of the Harebrained Schemes catalogue, with the exception of Necropolis. You can check my games library-- this is not a troll review. I am these people's target market. Their Shadowrun releases were amazing. I loved every minute of them and clocked a lot of hours within them, finishing them all. When Harebrained announced they were doing a Battletech release, a FASA franchise from my childhood I loved nearly as much as Shadowrun, my heart skipped beats. I was really looking forward to a compelling multidimensional storyline. When I saw there was a pronoun selector in the character creation I was revolted. Who thinks appeasing 0.4% of the population matters in a game about big robot fights? Then I looked at the story. You fight for a woman against space fascists, with a ragtag team of midnight basketball players, Bill Gates vaccine recipients, and welfare frauds. It's Mecha-Hildawg, only as if she wouldn't also lose horribly in space. I wonder who could have possibly wrote this thing, so I google around to find out. The physiognomy on xir portraits is about what you'd expect. I wonder exactly how this could have happened.I'm going to enjoy this Battletech release for the multiplayer, because that's what we really get Battletech for, is multiplayer with our friends, right? But I can say with certainty that Harebrained has lost a customer here forever. I will not be buying another Harebrained title after this. GJ on alienating your core audience to appease mentally ill nutjobs. Some other studio needs to make turn-based space robot combat great again.
Explorer	Recommended	199.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198064414264/	BattleThey.1 seconds in the entire game of the most horrifying jumpscare button ever to terrify people afraid of genders. THEY *spooky noises added for effect, e.g. people talking or something abnormal like that*Scariest horror game on Steam 10/10Also a brilliant, faithful, turn-based tactical & strategy game, with a fairly open-ended story campaign mode and balanced multiplayer. 10/10 for that too. I personally haven't experienced any technical or gameplay issues so far 15 hours in either.Players are also sharing "mods" in the forum. There doesn't appear to tbe a steam workshop but seems like some players are actively modding the game by altering files and then sharing the results. Not something I've really looked into it myself, the combat log mod sounds interesting but I feel like I've got a handle on the game mechanics to not need it.I feel somewhat compelled to write an early review simply because people are apparently horrified of an entirely optional, skippable and non-relevant game feature that won't even feature in their copy of the game that they must parade their own neg reviews about it (while also complaining that everyone isn't white with white names and blonde, in this fictional future of non-gaia planets). Since I have no problems it's a +ve review, go figure.
Wombat	Not Recommended	67.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197962815552/	I enjoy the gameplay. Unfortunately, alot of people are reporting massive GPU overloading problems. I just checked checked my graphics card. Sitting at 100% constantly, even on lowest settings. I hope they fix it, otherwise this could severely damage my graphics card.
DawgstarOne	Not Recommended	2.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198396754786/	I'm sure there's a good game under here, but it is buried under a mass of extremely swingy RNG.  Missing shots and doing minimal damage even after theoretically stripped Evasive tags off a mech means combat feels like a dull slog, especially when the computer doesn't seem to have the same issue with landing hits or doing damage.  And to add to that in the very first non-tutorial mission, despite not being remotely the closest mech to the enemy the enemy zeroes in on my PC and blow the mech up.  It's not fun, and given the severely swingy combat and what as a Battletech newbie I feel is not enough instruction given for players on just what your mech can do I would take a hard pass unless you're already a fan of the franchise.I love HBS' Shadowrun games, but this seems like it's only for folks who already into it.
Khyron	Not Recommended	77.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198009975303/	It's just not very fun.Even with the increased speeds, i often find myself just sitting there waiting for enemy turn to end.The combat UI is really bad, the camera tracking is bad, and the use for light scout mechs etc is absolutely nill due to the weird weapon ranges, or how they work in this game at least.. long range weaponry just doesn't work right.Being a fan of the Battletech franchise, and enjoying the old MechCommander and MechWarrior games, i was really excited for this.. but i've spent all 65 hours either idling afk or trying to like it.Not even going to finish the campaign, as it's just dull and boring.
madwars	Recommended	74.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198007975439/	Seriously... most of you weren't even born when this game came out on the table top. We used lead&plastic figures, dice, and paper hex maps. What you play here is what we only dreamed of back then. It might not be as polished as XCOM2 yet... but you guys are screwing a good company out of good ratings because you don't have perspective. For everyone else: only a few hours in but I can tell it's a game I've been looking for and will be happy with it for quite a while. Once I get a few hundred hours in I'll comment again.
Rossignol	Not Recommended	111.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198079643301/	Unfortunately . . . . NO.  Don't buy this.I'll keep it short:1.  It's toooo slooooowwwww.  Everything.  Load times, shifting screens, from store to hiring hall to mech bay.  Everything.  Make a mistake?  Want to reload?  Go take a shower, it will take 15 minutes.  Or maybe freeze and take longer.  You can speed things up by babysitting the game and cleaning out the save files, but then it becomes work and not fun.This slowness, combined with the eventual tedious 1.5+ hour-long higher difficulty missions, means that this game IS NOT CASUAL.  I think that's my chief complaint right there.2.  Can't customize mech bay and move mechs around or asssign into lances.  Why?  I bet it came up in Beta!3.  No Marauder?  No Warhammer?  Why?  Weren't they in the Beta?  Other Unseens are present, so why not?4.  I find the storyline, and more importantly, Princess Kamea, totally annoying.  I just want to join the Aurigan Directorate and turn her over for a bounty.  Or just frag her on the battlefield and salvage her mechs, which are too good for her.5.  Light mechs are coffins.  No amount of piloting skill or evasions shields can save them.  What's the point?6.  Although you have enough slots for a full company, you eventually reach a point where you just need to have four 100 tonners, because anything less will not overcome the endless enemy reinforcements in the contract missions.  Again, mediums, lights, what's the point?To me the strategic decision making is extremely limited:7.  Why not field two lances?  So you can use light mechs?8.  Why can't I choose the drop zone?  The dropship commander drops you blindly into some of the worst, untenable drop zones imaginable.... you find yourself involuntarily fighting long range from a valley floor like the French at Diem Bien Phu.  Why can't I pick a better drop zone?9.  Why can't I call in reserves?  The enemy does.  Incessantly.  So battles become grinding endurance matches.10.  At the least, why can't I have a reinforced lance of 5, so I can hold one back in reserve?  Or aerospace support?11.  Why can't I take contracts in other parts of the Inner Sphere?  For example, what is the point of having Kurita rep if I can't jump to Luthien?Honestly, get your mech fix on MWO and your tactical/building fix on XCOM or even CIV.  Don't wait for Paradox's inevitable onslaught of patches/fixes/expensive DLC for stuff that should already be there.'Nuff said.  Sorry, that wasn't short.  Thanks for listening, hope this helps.
nutcrackr	Recommended	73.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/nutcrackr/	BattleTech may take dozens of hours to fully appreciate, but it is worth it. From a tactical perspective, it offers a great challenge and tremendous depth. Building an army of huge killing machines is rewarding, despite how long it takes. Managing everything, including repairs, pilots, and space travel, can alleviate some of the campaign grind. It’s a shame the story is spread so thinly. With a tighter interface and fewer technical issues, it could have been great. Still, this is a comprehensive tactical experience and BattleTech not only survives the war, it comes out the other side smarter and stronger.Full review[www.newgamenetwork.com] 
Hellbishop	Recommended	256.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197972445514/	I have played the tabletop game like crazy for about ten years from the mid 1980s to the mid 90s before getting totally into the video game versions on the Amiga and intel pcs. So for me everything comes across very intuitively as if my brain is hardwired for BATTLETECH. Battles have a eloquent sense of randomness where they can be brutal and challenging one minute and then on another mission it can be a cake walk with some decent income and a bit of salvage.Add in the economic system where you have to budget employee costs, supply logistics, upkeep, ship and battlemech repairs, battle injuries, negotiating merc contracts, training mechwarriors, interpersonal relationship issues with the crew that may come up etc etc and you have a whole lot of separate interesting game components which come together to immerse yourself in.For fans who have played the tabletop game fanatically like i have its a dream come true and to have it thirty plus years makes it even more of a treat. Graphics are stunning with the amazing combat cam its like zooming down on the tabletop version and seeing the varied planetary environments which look like gorgeous science fiction artwork from the 1970s magazine STARLOG pop out into chaotic metal mayhem gaming life.Battlemechs have the deep detail and intricate paint schemes of masterfully crafted minitures as if done by Ral Partha himself. Battlemechs rage alive with limited ammo ballistics and heat inducing energy weapons fire devastating landscape and foe alike.  Seeing arms blasted off as myomar bundles and actuators sparkle with electricity dangling from now laser seared orifices is a sensual satisfying sight like no other to behold. Graphical options include being able to choose your mercenary companies banner of which there are many to choose from. You can also choose different camouflage patterns along with painting your Battlemechs giving a nice personal tabletop minitures touch.Graphics even have footprints on the ground when the Battlemechs move. Buildings collapse into a dust bowl of rubble as monstrous metal gods crash into them like some GODZILLA mass destruction movie. Battlemechs jump jet across the darkness of night time forests lighting up their paths like some nightmarish Halloween scene of black clad witches on fiery brooms.Heat buildup and keeping one's Battlemechs standing as a inferno of screaming metal conflict flows all around one is all important as heat can cause internal damage to the Mechwarrior and Battlemech where eventually it can lead to a shutdown where one is a easy target for enemy fire and vice versa if an enemy Battlemech shuts down.Sound effects are earth shaking devastating as LRM missiles soar across the battlefield ripping into ground vehicle armor like shredded paper. PPC fire is chunky and thumpy hitting with impactful might doing all sorts of havoc on the target's systems. Autocannons fire thunderously shattering Battlemech armor like a wrecking ball into a brick building. Mechwarriors grunt and howl in agony from shrapnel hits as their cockpits take a head shot garanteeing a stay in the med bay if they survive the mission contract. Then there are the many times Mechwarriors will shout in inspiring tones motivating all to fight on improving battlefield moral.Music is emotionally moving and epic capturing the tone of the BATTLETECH universe with all its political intrigue, treachery and unimaginable bloodshed perfectly with a mix of classical GAME OF THRONES drama and David Van Tiegham futurism.Nice tutorial where anybody who has played the tabletop game will intuitively know what to do as it plays out. The game credits are also really well done with plenty of great photos of the Dev team during development of BATTLETECH.BATTLETECH a stunning dreamy masterpiece of gaming artistic creation.  A happy time for BATTLETECH fans is here for all to enjoy.Thank you very much Jordan Weisman and HBS along with PARADOX for making this dream come true possible as well as all the fans who financially backed this masterpiece during the Kickstarter period.BATTLETECH, In The 31st Century Life Is Cheap But Battlemechs Are'nt.
Teh HOBO	Not Recommended	87.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198030871727/	I really wish steam had a "not yet" or a "yes with a but" option."Not yet", because the game is somewhat buggy, I havn't encountered any gamebreaking ones, though one of my pilots is permanently low morale even though it's supposed to be a timed thing. The game seems to be selling well so hopefully they'll fix it, previous games show they will(shadowrun)."Yes with a but", because this isn't really a mass apeal game. Frst, you have to like mechs. Second you have to like or tolerate managment sims. Third you have to accept RNGesus as your god because he rules over this game, not as bad as blood bowl but close. Fourth you have to be able to craft your own story as the packaged has a terrible character they try half-heartedly to get you to like as it seems there were multiple paths to the story initially, like in the shadowrun games, but was scrapped for time. hopefully they'll release a directors cut with a fully-fledged campaign like they did with shadowrun. And lastly the tone of the game is more of a "mundane military" feel, no epic heros here, you are not the focus of the story.tldr: an unpolished game that does what very few games do. Buy it if the setting and mechanics tickle your fancy on sale.P.S. the sjw stuff is super tiny, mostly laughable and ignoreable. Also seems to be forgetting(from a dev that should know better) that this is GODD*MN BATTLETECH we've ALWAYS had badass and interesting women and men and we don't care about social justice. Everyone is awesome, everyone is terrible and we will all be cleansed in the radioactive fires of Blake(Blake be praised), that's Battletech folks don't make it something it's not.
Panzer	Recommended	203.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197962825446/	This is MORE than kick butt  Battletech...I am so happy to say that this game represents an all-too-RARE example of a time when the core fans are being served instead of the masses. How often do you see something that has developed a cult following over decades, defiled in a cheap revival, designed only to take advantage of it's hard earned fans for a quick buck? Revivals/remakes get it wrong 9 times out of 10 in an effort to be "marketable" to wider audiences, and in doing so, they ironically often sacrifce the very elements that make it unique and wonderful. I want to deeply thank the developers and Jordan Weisman so much for serving your loyal fans with this game! It is slightly different than the table top, but not in a way that betrays it's heritage. I applaud them for having the balls to do it right, and attempt to capture all the depth that classic battletech has.I will be playing the crap out of this game for years, supporting and purchasing DLCs etc.Though not perfect (is anything?), this is the game I've dreamt of and wanted since 1992.
trandrobn	Not Recommended	699.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198033858100/	I can't say I'd recommend this game as I continuously get an error (like many others) that the game has encountered an error and that I should contact the developer.  I have attached the error log to the contact for the developer and have yet to hear back other than the typical thank you for contacting us form. The game seemed fun while it lasted, but $40 for a couple hours of gameplay makes it seem it would have been better spent on beer.  So far seems like $40 down the toilet...
ChrisMcMahon	Not Recommended	22.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/chrismcmahon/	Keeps crashing after tutorial mission forcing you to repeat the tutorial mission (which is unskippable) FOREVER. I've played the tutorial at least 5 times and spent a couple of hours trying to get it to work including reinstalling and verifying game cache.Unfortunately I was a backer, so can't get a refund via steam. Avoid until they get these basic bugs sorted out.------ Update with Patch 1.1 ------The game now loads the second mission! Only to refuse player input after completing the final objective. After destroying all enemies, the enemies turn never ends (scripting issue?) and the player is left waiting for their turn to start FOREVER.The game itself seems to run ok (ie can run around and blow stuff up), but it always seems to be scripting issues that cause these problems. eg Why does enemy get a turn when all it's units are destroyed? Then can't end the turn because it has no units to move or shoot with?Again - I still can't get into the game proper - no designing mech loadout, no upgrading pilots, or packing missions.Still not recommended.
ChrisMcMahon	Not Recommended	22.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/chrismcmahon/	Keeps crashing after tutorial mission forcing you to repeat the tutorial mission (which is unskippable) FOREVER. I've played the tutorial at least 5 times and spent a couple of hours trying to get it to work including reinstalling and verifying game cache.Unfortunately I was a backer, so can't get a refund via steam. Avoid until they get these basic bugs sorted out.------ Update with Patch 1.1 ------The game now loads the second mission! Only to refuse player input after completing the final objective. After destroying all enemies, the enemies turn never ends (scripting issue?) and the player is left waiting for their turn to start FOREVER.The game itself seems to run ok (ie can run around and blow stuff up), but it always seems to be scripting issues that cause these problems. eg Why does enemy get a turn when all it's units are destroyed? Then can't end the turn because it has no units to move or shoot with?Again - I still can't get into the game proper - no designing mech loadout, no upgrading pilots, or packing missions.Still not recommended.
Quesocito	Recommended	59.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198035554883/	+Surprisingly deep and diverse combat+Very wide variety of mechs which play differently to one another regardless of the equally diverse loadouts.+HQ ship leveling, hero leveling, unique weapons and upgrades+Infinite open world missions as well as the story driven missions~Decent story to keep things moving-A number of little things in the game need to be learnt from trial and error, would've been nice if it was explained more clearly (eg weapon says +25% crit: does that mean 25% higher chance of crit or 25% higher crit damage)
Tinman	Not Recommended	112.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198019859982/	Your Mercenary command can field only 4 mechs at a time.  yet the Computer can field 12.  Really???   Your controlled mechs cannot hit the braod side of a barn with a called shot.  yet the computer hits 100% of the time in the called location.  I have uninstalled.  too frustrating.  too unfair.  I love a challenge but this is pathetic...
Norm Cavalier	Not Recommended	93.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198071525736/	I just wanted to be a down-on-his-luck mercenary commander travelling through a galactic sandbox.  But the game shoehorns you into a story I really didn't care about. Random, non-story missions boil down to kill-'em-all or Escort/Destroy (garbage AI) convoys. You're given an intelligence briefing on what you may face, but these are almost always under- or over-estimated.   Due to the story settling your debts for you I soon found myself with 8 functioning 'Mechs and just as many able-bodied 'MechWarriors. But no way to use them all at once. Hopefully there will be a mod or an official expansion that allows you to either land with more than one Lance or bring in reinforcements. Being TPK'ed by AI that can field far more units is no fun.   Allow players to use vehicles if they want.  That would be far preferable than wasting an entire 'Mech in a scout role.   Don't punish your players for being too successful.
dangbarbuto	Recommended	234.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198008021402/	I cannot recommend this game more highly. I played during beta testing, and the developers were listening to us.  The game has some major strengths: classic Battletech story thats a perfect introduction to the universe for those unfamiliar, excellent Battlemech selection of classic mech's from Battletech lore, bug free so far and easy to understand mechanics. If you are not lucky enough to have learned about Battletech and Mechwarrior franchise, this game is a very good way to be introduced to that universe.  MWO is fine, but lacks any depth in terms of lore; Battletech is steeped in it from the beginning. If you want the turn-based tactical augmented by a rich story, Battletech has it. The real draw of Battletech of course is the Battlemech's themselves.  Giant multi-ton walking tanks armed with lasers missles and massive cannons all running on a fusion engine? what is not to love?! Scout mechs range from Spiders, Locusts, Jenners to the Atlas if you are House Steiner, and Battletech has a great mechbay loadout already, with more guarenteed to come knowing how Paradox operates the games it publishes. If you've played X-COM or anything like it, you know how to play Battletech.  The game is very easy to understand, and values like armor and damage make decisions based on some simple math and a dash of chance par for the course. That being said, there are some mechanics like Death From Above that are somewhat unique to Battletech and add a unique flavor.  The UI is good, but don't rush yourself or you might find the UI a bit distracting. The game allows for a a depth of detail, zooming in and out, rotating, and getting a good feel for the battlefield, so take your time and take advantage of that versatility and freedom. Some people complain the game is slow, in terms of combat cinematics, turns, etc.  This is a game to be savored, not chugged.  Enjoy watching that prone enemy mech explode when your called shot annihilates their cockpit and you get a hefty salvage at the end of the mission because of your good tactical decisions.  Again, the dev's listened to people's input and the very creators of the intellectual property from its tabletop wargame days are at the head of this game.  If you don't have a desire to be a Mechwarrior after playing this game then my friend, I just don't understand you.
.ZombonerX13	Not Recommended	232.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/xxx13/	Finally! A Battletech game! It's fun for sure but it does get repetative. Die rolls are stacked against you a lot of times too. Beware of the mech you just put on its back. It WILL get up and instantly put a foot through your cockpit. That's what you get for having lame-brained AI though: rigged hit chances to punsh you for not finishing them. Still it's a blast to pound mechs against eachother. Repeatative. If it's not a story mission it's the same mission over and over. If it's a story mission, [sometimes] you'll have to do it a couple times unless you spoil the mission with a walkthrough and know what the enemy will do so you can head them off. "Hi, I'm your escort. Yes, me.. the guy you left 5km back. Yeah that's a pile of enemies that are dismantling you. Good luck!" -load saveEnemy AI isn't very interesting. They all do the same thing whether it's a pirate running a half scrapped light mech or an Elite in an Assault. They all act the same: half suicidal. Move up a turn or 2 and turtle while the lance of light mechs die at the feet of your firing squad of assault mechs.Unstable as hell. I have a GeForce 1080, Intel i7-4790K @ 4.00 GHz, 16 GB of Ram and I'm getting 15 to 32 fps while the AI takes its turn or while my units move. I've had only one crash but I'm hearing tons of complaints about that. It seems to get more unstable the longer you play and the further into the story you get. Memory leaking everywhere.Wait on this game. it's only $40 but they have a lot of bugs to work out. I got it for $30 from a third party website. It's worth that.
OptoNick	Recommended	62.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/OptoNick/	I was hoping for XCOM-like tactic action/strategy meta-game with Shadowrun-tier story, dialogues and characters.Battletech falls short from these expectations. But it is still very enjoyable tactic action.Great:Visual style, music, artGood:Tactical gameplay, despite the fact that there's only one viable way to assemble your team - bring all the heaviest mechs that you have. Fights between giant leaping and shooting robots can't be not fun.Ok-ish:Strategic layer. Too easy, nothing new and original, but not bad.Disappointing:Story. I really had high hopes about the storytelling from authors of Shadowrun games, but Battletech's plot and characters are just plain. I won't remember any of that in a few months.---Solid and enjoyable game, but nothing overwhelming. 7.5/10.
jmacjmac006	Recommended	67.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198006391828/	If you like battletech, turned based tactical combat and being a merc  this game is for you. I want to make my review a little different. I want to explain some things that might help a perspective buyer understand what is being said by some weak minded players. There is a small gap that exists between super happy people and cry babies. I believe the gap exists for a few different reasons.#1 Expectations and self accountability in relation to death and winning. The people crying that it is to hard are use to being pished through games like call of duty where death has no meaning. So when a carebear plays this and gets their lance wiped or goes broke because the game is to "hard" they are doing so because they are not taking accountability for the choices they took that caused them to die or go broke. A perfect example of this is that you run a mercenary unit for profit. These gamers don't get that and withdraw is never an option for them nor is staying away from contracts that they shouldn't be taking until prepared for it. The ability to adapt is a hallmark of a strategy gamer...they bring carebear mentalities to a game with true strategy and tactics.#2 I've heard a lot about loading times.....Expectations of cookie cutter or AAA 100million dollar titles again...this isn't a 100 million dollar game and its not a console title and its not a game on your iphone. By the way these load times are not inconsistent with other games in the strategy genre. Load up hearts of iron 3 or 4 or gray grigsbyes war in the east....it will take a minute. Strategy games always have longer load times then games in other genres.#3 The only reaonsable arguements. 3A....crashes and patches.....yeah they happen and no game ever made for pc no matter the budget ever has a perfectly clean release, they will fix this in time, A bad review for this is simply delsuional. 3b....the tutorial: Now here is where it gets tricky...lets be honest. The tutorial is non existant. Its super low budget, low time and for a newcomer I'm sure its frustrating as hell. I honestly can not imagine trying this game from a place of zero prior knowledge. I'm sure the learning curve is brutal. This to me is the only real complaint against the game. The tutorial is truly trash. However, having said that. Lets also have clear eyes and expectations about the product. It's not made for noobs. Sure they are welcome to try but at the end of the day when you make a product, you have a target market.That target market was kickstarter backers and others who already know and love the battletech universe. I've read the books, i've played the prior titles including mechwarrior 1989.So for those backers (I myself didnt know about the kickstarter) and others like myself who bought the game via steam have no issue with the weak tutorial because it was just a refresher about a world we all know enough about that we could name the house we want to join and debate about it at a coffee shop for the next 8 hours with each other. #4 Controlling One lance......A lot of people have mentioned this "issue" Answer.....Budget budget budget. Guys everything in the game is a variable that has to account for something. Chaning this would change the calculation for economy, playability, system requirements, literally every variable that exists would change and so to would the majority of the complaints u hear. Almost everyone would whine and cry about missions taking to long except grognards. Would I like to command 12 mechs in one battle sure....but thats a 2nd or 3rd game down the road with a different engine, budget and everything else. It's not practial for a reboot to go uber micro mgmt and kill its budget on an unproven title. If sales do well here maybe in the future we will get more options with commanding larger forces.Last note.....we know two things about the paradox relationship that will be good for battletech. #1 with paradox publishing this the huge list of loyal strategy fans will be introduced to battletech for the first time and despite the weak tutorial at the end of the day strategy fans are the most intelligent of all gamers, they will get through the learning curve and join us in the stars. Because lets face it...all paradox strategy games have a solid learning curve.#2 we know there will be dlc and thats a really good thing for battletech fans.
cowboybebop059	Not Recommended	14.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198016270721/	To start off with, this has the potential to be a really good game. It's a lot of fun and the customization is great! The only problem is that you can only have four mechs on the field at a time making the game pretty frustrating. Having a lack of party size also means that you can only use the heavier mechs and the lighter ones are pretty much worthless. This is only a temporary negative review. If they increase the party size and fix some of the optimization/bug issues then I will probably change my review to "recommended."
-CML-kamerosa	Not Recommended	41.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kamerosa/	TL:DR Add to wishlist and wait to see how much optimization is done.So many games these days just seem to wear me out before I can finish their story.  I really want to like the game but I'm just tired of it at this point.  Really its another one of those death by a million cuts type of situation. From spending maybe 10-20% of your time in a battle just waiting for slow unit movements, random zooms that aren't covered by the disabled zoom settings, and then just dead time where the engine appears to hang up and nothing happens for about 10 seconds.   This then highlights the very simplistic line of sight system where you will regularly see a PPC round fly through a mountain, unfair spawn scripts that practically require a savescum because you're suddenly surrounded, and and RNG that's so far has felt a little off. All of these mechanical problems could be overlooked if the tactical play was interesting but it feels like the game railroads you into a very specific, aggressive play style where if you aren't coring everything you will rapidly be outnumbered and overrun. You can try to field a mixed lance but my attempts at making them work feel like I'm just cheesing the engine and the AI. I've never played the tabletop but if you compare the combat to XCOM, it just feels lacking so far.  This could be that the game takes place when some of the more interesting mech gear is LosTech (looking at you AMS...) that would have added some much needed balance. Running into a pair of LMS tanks out of sensor range is really, really unfair. The strategic layer is just... ok. It may have been novel and interesting back in 2010 but in its design and operation feels very shallow.  Small things like the clunky UI slowly become annoying, but when something as tying the mechlab to the planet store when MWO has been around for years with this feature is frustrating. As to managing your cbills, I never felt any pressure and it just acts as another layer I mostly ignore. It really takes away the feeling of being a ragtag group of mercs who need to scrounge to field ready mechs. Maybe I've just been lucky, but it feels like the system needed a lot more balance and design elements. I think the most frustrating part of the story is the mix of text and voice acting, which I know is expensive but when you transition from a narrated cutscene to text boxes it just sucks the air out of the story.  I understand that I'm just running the "ace" merc group for the rebellion but through the seemingly useless flavor options and just randomness of the fighting, I don't really feel like there's a war going on.  There are no timers on missions that could give them some weight, the reputation system seems like it never got fully fleshed out (How do you lose rep? I guess failing missions and random events?), and the star map just seems totally underutilized where you could be fighting to plug the gap or pushing a breakthrough. Maybe I'll finish the game but I don't know. Maybe in a week or so they'll cut out some of the deadtime in combat and generally improve the performance.
Captiva	Recommended	97.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198012711922/	The game feels complete and it is fun to play. Gameplay can be frustrating at times, but is rewarding. Frames are not smooth all the time, but it is a turned based game so not real noticable. The game certainly needs more polish fps stability. Have not run into any bugs yet or had any crashes. The gameplay is a mix of the combat and mech company management. I find both parts very fun and am glad to see a game that is not afraid to add some depth to things and real choices that matter. You will find yourself cursing every ding you battle mechs get in combat because you will have to pay to fix them after. This becomes a game within a game, trying to get the right combo of weapons and such on your mechs and keeping them battle ready. Overall good depth, solid gameplay, and despite some fps drops the game seems to run good. I would buy this now if you love mech combat and strategy games and have the cash. Could wait for a sale, but this game is worth supporting full price. Good hunting commander.My PC Specs: Ryzen 1700 3.2ghz x8, r9 fury 4gb, ddr4 16gb ram
WarriorMech10	Not Recommended	339.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198181528238/	There is a lot to like about this game but there are several key things that make it very hard for me to recomend this game to anyone even though I have been playing Battletech since the 1980's.1:  It takes a loooong time for the "enemy" to do anything.2: Too many headshots.3: Flamers waaay overpowered.4: Scenarios are not well thought out.
non	Recommended	165.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198046001301/	30 years after Crescent Hawks Inception, the game that started my love for Battletech, and 2 1/2 years after the Kickstarter funding started, it´s finally here.It captures the Battletech vibe just perfect and the joys and troubles of running a Mercenary unit is also depicted quite well. Technically, I´ve encountered no problems at all.As I´ve read tons of novels, rulebooks and technical readouts, I´m very familiar with the lore, but they´re doing a fine job with introducing the powers and specialties of the year 3025There´s only one minor flaw which I would critizise: the heat management system is not explained in the tutorial. Firing Alpha Strikes round for round will get you into serious trouble.Tabletop veterans are well aware, but newcomers might get a bit frustrated, if they don´t manage weapon firing accordingly.
nzguzzi	Recommended	113.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198110052201/	Please note:This game can become very challenging very quickly if you rush through the story line.Do the first two story line missions, then start farming for a good team of mediums and/or heavy mech chassis.Very cool game.I absolutely hated it at the beginning because it was a steep learning curve but, just slow down, google some good load outs, learn to shoot L&R torso, then legs or knockdowns, this is how you salvage complete mechs for your team.Good game with a cool storyline and feel of the old school book/board games.I actually was scared when i came across my first heavy mech enemy, OMG it just wrecked me, but you learn from it.Farm the low level random missions first, do not be in a rush to complete story line.Save your mechs from heavy damage saves you moneyLook in shops for + rated weapons and gear.Tactics and gunnery skills max them out.4-5 points in guts ( character attribute ) to begin withRead up on building a long range missile boat or two, makes starter missions( 1 skull rated ) easy.I played this game for hours, it is very addictive.Side missions are cool, lots of variation, its never the same fight twice.Watch how you smile when a mission loads in and you have cover !!!! OMG cover !!!! = winFrustration then happiness, this game will have your emotions running like a roller coaster on acid......Take the time to learn the game mechanics and its very rewarding.
Matouš	Recommended	62.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197992267001/	TL;DR: Very good tactics game, do try it out!The tactics part, which is the core gameplay element of this game, is solid and enjoyable even after several tens of hours of play. It is a bit simplified in some ways when compared to the tabletop, but I think in a good way to make it more swift and playable on a PC.The merc unit management part leaves a bit to be desired, but the updates addressed basically all of the more serious problems and the announced DLC seems to push in the right direction to spice it up some more.The campaign itself is a bit basic, with a simple story and several interesting missions, but it as an introduction to the huge world and lore of Battletech I think it is very good.I see the biggest downside of this game in the dead multiplayer lobby, so if you want to play with humans, you either need a friend who is likeminded or set up a match over Discord/the forums etc.One more thing to mention would be the mods - there are lots of them and they upgrade/alter the game in many interesting ways, so be sure to check them out!Overall, I do certainly recommend it, and am already looking forward to more Battletech goodness!
RustyRaven	Not Recommended	47.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197979643793/	Full disclosure, I backed Battletech and received a copy as part of that backing. That said, Battletech is a top-down turn-based RPG with a focus on customizable 'mechs and pilots.The Good:+The soundtrack sets a really good tone for the game whether you're floating through space or in combat.+Combat feels mostly fair and balanced, tactical play is rewarded, and weapons and missions feel varied.+Customizing mechs, at least to the extend you are able, brings meaningful choices to the player.+Expansive lore makes for a cohesive and interesting universe.The Bad:-Extremely poor optimization: crashes, bugs, long load times, and wonky or seemingly delayed animations.-Sound effects are very uneven. Rockets sound great and so do the mechs, but energy and ballistic weapons lack punch.-'Mechs lack aesthetic customization choices and have limited spaces for weapons and thrusters.-The combat and mechbay UI are extremely cluttered.-Poor enemy AI which often lacks self-preservation. On several occassions, I have witnessed enemies lose all weapons and allies, and yet they would rather throw their burning wreckage at you than eject and save themselves.-The story has poor pacing and the two parts never join. You are a mercenary, but also a freedom fighter retaking a system. The game would have been better with two campaigns. One as a betrayed royal retaking their throne and an endless campaign as a merc paying the bills.Bottom Line:Battletech is not a bad game but it is extremely lacking in polish. If you're interested, I would follow the game on Steam and look out for the fixes HBS is promising. Until then though, I can't really recommend Battletech.
PodX140	Recommended	132.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/PodX140/	Honestly, fantastic return to the IP after 16 long years.  Combat is incredibly satisfying, the campaign can be surprisingly diffiicult, and the mechanics are just fantastic.
Crunchy Gremlin	Recommended	153.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/v-danbe/	so... Too Easy?i beat the story campaign. I tried to not save scum but i did once in a normal mission after a complete wipe. the story missions kind of require reloading as some of them can be lost very easily and others can be very puzzly. the AI is kind of miserable at long range.  It seems to do ok at closer range. Some of the game mechanics make terrain kind of pointless. The primary use of land is to block line of sight and get better line of sight. a mech can be in the wide open and get the best defense available. The rules are different then the battletech i remember.But overall the game isnt that bad. the management system is pretty cool. with a few expansions this coul be very good.
Jock McSteed	Recommended	34.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198023895099/	I've played more than my indicated time; probably close to 100 hours. That said, I'm disappointed with the overall rating this game gets on Steam; I think it's worth at least a solid 80 (both in recommendation percentage and Metacritic). I'm writing this review (a rarity for me) to hopefully clarify some common complaints. I played my entire campaign before the latest (1.1) major update. Some aspects were slightly annoying: yes, the 'Mech bay was slow, and battle animations were slow. I wouldn't give the entire game a negative review based purely on impatience. The recent update eliminates or mitigates the slowest parts of combat and UI response times; in fact combat almost feels a little too fast now (the speed-up is optional, of course). It runs smoothly on my barely mid-range PC, all settings maxed. As for the quality of the game itself: having read the original ruleset for BattleTech/MechWarrior (going all the way back to 80s FASA technical readouts), I find the combat and outfitting very close in spirit and statistical balance to the pen and paper game. I also think it's a good combat system by any current tactical PC gaming standards. The strongest element is the variability of the loadout system; you can fine-tune your 'Mechs to very precise playstyles. For example: in mid-game, I relied heavily on jump jets and mobility. I later focused on armor tanking. Post-campaign, I now use a mix of assaults with a jump-capable heavy scout/harasser. You can easily modify your 'Mechs as your tactics change. Something else to remember is that synergy within your team (lance) is arguably more important than trying to make individually powerful 'Mech loadouts.  Overall the game is a good introduction to the BattleTech universe for the uninitiated, and satisfying for veterans (who don't have irrationally high expectations for a game in a niche genre with relatively low funding). Also, all hail the Grasshopper.
juliejayne	Recommended	435.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198363730734/	Nearly 400 hours, twice through the campaign... Nothing more to do.A good game, that could have been so much better.If you are drenched in the lore of the Battletech Universe, then I am sure that you will be able to point out many things that don't fit 'canon'.  But as a fresh noob to Battlemechs, the story was fun, but SO inconsistent.  Shame, that could have easily been put right with a little more care and attention to detail.The game itself has issues with slow loading, pointless waiting screens before it starts loading screens, crashes and overheating of your pc (though that is down to the Unity framework used to build the game).So, unstable software, poorly written storyline, and inconsitent logic within the game.  But was it fun?  Heck yes! No I probably won't go on to play modded versions or expansion packs, but twice through the campaign and I enjoyed nearly every minute.  If only it had been great I would have gladly joined the Steiners and taken my Scout Lance around the inner sphere.
proximamainframe	Recommended	197.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198037737977/	Please buy this game!!!  If you like turnbased tactical games this is for you.  If you have ever played a mechwarrior game, thisis for you.  If you have ever played a turnbased board game like warhammer, or D&D this is for you.  If you loved firefly, this is for you.  If you have ever wanted to own your own company and travel thrpough space taking odd jobs and being your own master this is for you.It is not a fast paced game, it is a game of thinking and strategy.Definately a dad gameBUY IT
JAFO	Recommended	88.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197993358058/	I am very happy with this game.  Jordan Wiseman and company delivered a great game and I look forward to the expanion of additionl multiplayer and hopefully more campagins.  There has a been a big gap in Battletech games over the years with MWO and now MW5 comming, but this is true to the original tabletop game.  Megamek did a good job of filling that gap, but this just put a new foundation back into play for Battletech.   I know alot of people who are playing this right now and are completely sucked into it which is what I wanted. I hope this game continues to expand and becomes a base platform for complete planetary warfare with the innersphere and the clans.  Seeing that Jordan is the original creator of Battletech only he can do it correctly.  If you are a Battletech fan, this is the game you want to play.
ShawnTheWeirdo	Recommended	93.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ShawnTheWeirdo/	This game is what i've been waiting from since Front Mission 3 on the PSXIf you're a Strategy lover, who also happens to love "Big Stompy Robots" you're in for a treat, if you're more of a FPS player of the Mech series, it may not be for you but i'd still give it a look, you may be pleasantly suprisedThere are some issues with memory leaks and low fps during loading, even on a SSD, but overall the game is amazing
Skeksis13	Recommended	102.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197971116035/	Really like this game.  At about 80hrs in I have had only 3 crashes and no other technical issues.  Game has worked pretty flawlessly.As far as the gameplay and story line I have been totally addicted.  I cant wait to see further content added in the future.
Sardonic	Recommended	48.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Sardonikk/	Finally, a game worthy of the Mechcommander mantle.  While it differs significantly from the old games in terms of gameplay, specifically that it's turn based and more focused around heat and positioning mechanics, the heart of those old games, for my money at least, shines through here.The fun of blowing up and salvaging mechs is here in full force.  The salvage rules, more streamlined.  The fun of landing satisfying hits on every enemy mech endures.  Stomping vehicles is similarly satisfying.The game is also extremely well written, which is good, because even as I played through many previous Mechcommander/mechwarrior games, none of them gave the lore the same depth of treatment.  The world of Battletech is a delightful mix of feudal politics and space opera, and it is realized to full effect here.  Believably written characters with a well crafted plot keep the campaign feeling brisk.  Quality cutscenes also build up the experience.  The dialog system itself allows you to hover your cursor over certain key words to pop out a detailed explination of the event or concept.  This is a system that I hope catches on.I will say the issues with performance are noticable.  The framerate does chug in some missions, and saving and loading can take a significant amount of time, but nothing too terrible.  There will be a tendancy to savescum as well when an enemy gets an outrageously lucky shot and blows away one of your pilots instantly.At any rate it's a challenging and entertaining game that I'm sure will be improved with patches and more content.  Like most turn based games, It makes for a very good game to play while watching streams and videos.  Definitely worth it on deal, and especially worth it at current prices if you're a fan of the Mech' games.Also a special note to PGI, developers of Mechwarrior Online.  Congratulations at being the only company who couldn't figure out how to put a user friendly mechlab together.  Literally everyone else has done it better.  Good job.
Mech The Dane	Recommended	71.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/speardane/	I didn't think this would be a game I'd like. The turn based gameplay is something I've never beEN excited for and I thought I'd quickly get bored with it.  I even played an early beta of it as a gaming convention and was not impressed. But, I am a big fan of the Mech Warrior franchise and I wanted to support any new games by them, especially one with the original developer at the helm such as this one. I kickstarted the game to support the franchise, and I recieved it in my steam library after it arrived. After it sat around for a week picking up dust, I finally decided to give it a chance. I was very surprised to discover that it was awesome. Fantastic gameplay, engaging story, and some solid world building to suck you in. It's very a much an indie game, so its not got that 100 million dollar polish that other games may have, but for what it is, is is surprisngly great.10/10 would be delightingly surprised again!
Thrashdog	Recommended	129.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/thrashdog/	First, the obvious thing you've already heard: combat is ponderous, with animations that take too long to play out while you sit and wait for the game to let you do something again.  This can be remedied to some degree by turning off the various cinematic camera options, and hopefully the developer will provide a setting to further speed things up in the future.  That said, though, the tactical gameplay is challenging and fun, and there's nothing quite like seeing everybody's favorite brand of stompy death robots back in action again.  If you want some XCOM-style tactical fun with a well-realized storyline and classic mecha style, Battletech is the game for you.
King Banhammer	Recommended	73.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197972325642/	Well, just finished up the campaign, and I've got to say:It's an excellent Battletech game. Very much captures the feel of the old pen/paper game, particularly for the flexibility of restructuring your mechs.Flexibility and availability of mechs could be better (I'd really like to know where to find say, a King Crab or an Urbanmech, for example), but the developers have largely tried to make the mix of mechs lore-friendly to what was common in the areas. This has upsides (lots of reasonably flexible mechs in the core game area), and down sides (would really just maim for a Gauss Rifle or two).The setting is a bit earlier in the Battletech universe than some players might be used to, so if you're looking for the Clan tech and mechs, well, you'll probably be waiting a couple expansions or maybe for the sequel.The setting and plot feels pretty seamless. They picked an era and area which was not especially developed in the lore, and made it feel like a part of the world.  I think my only issue with the story might be one that gets said of a lot of RPGs: your choices don't influence the outcome a lot.But overall, it was solid, fun, and had lots of nice explosions. Will definitely play through another round.
whiskey4president	Recommended	60.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198020658107/	This game is a great adaptation of the table top game. It is similar to XCOM in a sense that you have percentage chance to hit, but in Battletech it is a bit more complicated (i.e. where your shots hit, every weapon has different effective ranges, critical shots, etc..). The pace is a lot more deliberate and methodical. This game reward tactics. The other portion of the game is business management. Every month you have to pay up. Even at the end game this was a problem you still have to manage, it keeps it interesting. Typical end of the game snowballing isn't really a problem, the game remains difficult, especially if you keep losing Mech Warriors or having to repair destroyed mechs. If anything, the first half of the game is a lot more difficult.A lot of people are complaining about how slow it is. If you like XCOM then you won't have a problem. If you're looking for a Mechwarrior Mercenary 4 or Mechwarrior Online experience then be warned this game isn't that.Overall, great game hope to see a sequel. Also a great deal at $40.
Cunning Intɇllect	Recommended	107.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/R6MWOFALLOUT/	I've been a fan of this franchise since Mechwarrior 3.I'm also a massive fan of X-Com 2.This game is like a nostalgia shot to the neck in the best way possible.Brilliant gameplay, fantastic story that gripped me from the start, immersive atmosphere and just the right amount of depth.Not sure how biased I am due to knowing the earlier games but it is everything I hoped it would be.One of the few games I've ever bought before waiting for reviews and I have no regrets! 
Cunning Intɇllect	Recommended	107.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/R6MWOFALLOUT/	I've been a fan of this franchise since Mechwarrior 3.I'm also a massive fan of X-Com 2.This game is like a nostalgia shot to the neck in the best way possible.Brilliant gameplay, fantastic story that gripped me from the start, immersive atmosphere and just the right amount of depth.Not sure how biased I am due to knowing the earlier games but it is everything I hoped it would be.One of the few games I've ever bought before waiting for reviews and I have no regrets! 
Emperor_MID	Recommended	56.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198073121578/	Absolutely great game and I have no idea what some of the negative reviews are talking about.I have had zero issues with game stability or gameplay. It performs fine, looks great, and is extremely fun. Yes, the combat can sometimes feel a little slow, but you can change the settings to minimize the slower cinematic camera. The devs have also said that they are working on speeding things up a bit in a future patch. Honestly though, if no one had pointed it out I never would have even noticed the speed issue.I highly recommend this game!
Thraeg	Recommended	97.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Thraeg/	Perfectly nails the fantasy of commanding a team of giant walking tanks. All levels of the design complement each other very well. And the developer is supporting the game admirably.
JimmyTheUnstoppable	Recommended	49.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/JimmyTheUnstoppable/	Absolutely loved this game. I've played Mech Warrior since Mech. 2 on PC. As well as Command on Conquer.
paulburthom	Recommended	655.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198000418375/	I have been waiting a very long time for this. Finally a game I can say 'shut up and take my money'. Love this game. Assome!
Siscoprofit	Recommended	8.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/siscoprofit/	Xcom but with mechs, slowed down a lot and with a ton of depth in the mech builds and kit. If you are into big turn based strategy/rpg games then this is for you.  It is a great game, but be warned that the pace is a lot slower then most strategy games, in a good way depending on what you like.
Hav3n_The_Hero	Recommended	45.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/batteroo/	So coming from a person who doesn't know anything about the Battletech Universe, this game is pretty good.It's seems on it's surface pretty simple, but there's actually a lot depth to it.Kudos to the developers in this game. They had line to walk I think to make the game somewhat accessible to newcomers like myself, and not totally distance it's already established fan base. For what it's worth I think they mostly got there or at the very least made a great starting point in a game structure.(DLC please).Positives:-They UI is pretty incredible they jam a lot of information in it, that is easy to understand(once you know what to look for). I can see the amount of time they took in developing the UI. It's amazing.-The atmosphere. The art style threw me off at first because it was just motion pictures so I thought it would feel cheap, but that is not the case at all, with the excellent music and voice acting behind it the world feels alive.-The story.Nothing groundbreaking here in terms of the arc of the story, but I have it in the positive because it's execution is quite good. I care about the characters which is the most important part I think.The Gameplay.The is the meat of the game and it's broken into two phases a management phase and a tactical phase.The management phase you have to decide which 'mechs to repair or refit if you want to change the weapons on them, and managing this on low money can be tricky. The 'mechs take a while to repair, which makes you want to make meaningful decisions in battle to minimize damage to you 'mech. Because while your mech is repairing you a losing money to wages you are paying.'Mechs vary in size and class which determines what you can equip them with and what order they are placed initiative in combat.Also pilots have skills and can get wounded, I will go into that on the negative side. :(You have to manage contracts and some are far away and cost money to travel to that system which takes time sometimes to get to those systems.Overall the management phase felt fun and it's just the right amount of tediousness.The tactical phase overall is fun. It keeps me coming back for more. Between the terrain, facing a 'mech in a certain direction, i really enjoy it's core gameplay. There's is definitely some negatives here but i will address those later.Negatives:So I mentioned I loved the UI but it is not without it's faults.For instance, when mousing over and seeing what influences the hit chance of an attack you can see (+ 4 or -1) those numbers don't directly correlate to the percentage increase or decrease of if the shot will hit in a quantifiable way, and also the + indicates why the shot is less effective not more, which is an odd choice.Also the evasion pips after movement affect the chance of hitting a shot, but by how much is a mystery. (My current assumption this is something in the tabletop game, that is not an obvious translation in a videogame).So the balance of weapons is a negative for me. I love the idea of the different weapon types which theoretically have strengths and weakness. So the idea being you need to use different weapons for different situations such as laser, ballistics, missile, energy, and support(which can be used with melee). But in practice for the most part Missile is King. The missiles have the best chance of any weapon to unsteady and knock a 'mech down. A knockdown is so good because it unlocks another ability(called shot), it forces the 'mech to act later in the turn, it guarantees a pilot injury, they have to spend that movement action that turn standing up and it's pretty much over for that 'mech in most situations. I'm not saying other weapons can't be useful, but I am saying there's not enough of a reason to ever get that deep into investing in them.(There are some mods currently trying to address this issue, I look forward to the modding community saving use from this.)Mechwarriors(pilot) skills are in the negative for me too. Mechwarriors get experience from missions to level up and spend the experience points on skills, the skills do things like making ranged weapons more likely to hit, or increase health of the Mechwarrior, or get specific passive or active abilities. The reason this is a negative mostly is because of the four first tier ability, one ability, bulwark, is better than all of them, and better than a few of the master Mechwarrior abilities as well. I might be fine with bulwark if other abilities remain good later in the game in any way, but the fact that they are just ok at the start with maybe the exception of sensor lock, but all get worst, including sensor lock. So as a result every single mechwarrior gets Bulwark, which is not very interesting.'Mechs in general I think should be varied enough in way's to be useful, they have a lot of mechs in the game, and once you get the hang of it you can very clearly point to the better 'mechs because they are just straight upgrades to other 'mechs. I really, really don't like this approach. I would rather every 'mech remain useful, they should just be situational. The light 'mechs run circles around everything be rarely can deal dmg worth mentioning and are useless. I don't feel compelled to bring different types of mechs on missions. I bring for the most part my four heaviest 'mechs and just handle everything.(I have a suspicion this may be a function of the table top but it's not a fun translation for me here).EvasionEvasion starts off as so godly, things that are really fast are impossible to hit and they sneak a couple of flank shots wounding a  much larger 'mech. Later in the game, I ignore them. Missiles care a lot less about evasion, and because the 'mechs are so little one lucky hit can kill them.ConclusionThis game is fun. It feels like a really solid foundation for future titles or numerous dlc's for this game. I'm excited about the mods community and dev's.Verdict:8/10
RindarRedbane	Recommended	65.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198063348681/	I have been playing table top Battletech for over 20 years, this is the closest to that masterpiece that I have seen out side of the immersive PODs. I enjoy the story line and that there is versus combat. I would ask the developers to add in a tool for truly custom mechs, this is a major part of why Battletech is so fun. Also if at some point infantry and battle suits where added that would flesh out the entire experiance.
napoleonic_sp007rz	Recommended	727.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/napoleonic_/	Last time I played a turn based game with Mechs, it was Front Mission 4.Different franchise between the 2,way different, FM has more of the fantastical Japanese mechs elements and thus has mechanics that resembles traditional turn based combat like you find on other genres as well like for example the lack of units orientation that matters, aside from usually flanking bonus; cRPGs and 4x games usually do this, just have some flanking bonus to flanking.Not so with Battletech, here your mechs orientation matters, being hit from right side mean the right side of that mech is going to get damaged and destroyed, and you cannot simply magically shoot at someone behind you, you would need to either rotate or move and reorient your mech to deal with flanking enemies. Surprisingly simple mechanics that rarely implemented in turn based games. I wonder why, games like Xcom for example may add more depth with orientation system. But enough with that, there's also this fact that this is the first game set in Battletech universe after the late 90s Mechwarrior and Mech Commander games, and the first turn based Battletech game since 1980s Crescent Hawk games. I'd even recommend this game based on that because of this fact, now I even want a cRPG on Battletech universe, or even AAA rpg set in Battletech universe. Speaking of "dead franchise", I'd also want a reboot of Front Mission.Not much of a review, isn't this? Lol.
RetroVertigo	Recommended	141.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197960283776/	Way back I spent many and hour at the local gaming shop with little paper mech cutouts, measuring ranges and rolling oh so many dice. Now what would of taken an entire afternoon, can be done in a short mission in this game.  The game was originally developed as a turn based game, and though many mechwarrior game have come out letting you drive real time and in first person, the best execution is still as a turn based game.For non tabletop gamers, mechwarrior plays much like xcom with the major difference in there is an initative system, and unlike in xcom where if you guy misses with a 95% shot, you still have a chance of your other weapons hitting, so the rage inducing misses are less rage inducing. There is an open campaign that really dosent hold your hand much at all. You might know the map layout but I've found its much more about mech drop composition and your opponants composition as well.A refreshing take on the turn based strategy, the one down side is the game is somewhat short unless your draw it out intentionally, it is somewhat easy. AI mechs focus fire on the weakest target and will make stupid moves to do so, and can be always lured if you know what you are doing. The most frustratiting aspect is trying to take whole mechs off the field, sometimes you can help but ct a mech thats pilot has high guts and just wont stay down.
MortVent	Recommended	319.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198024000046/	Very true to the original table top, some changes of course for the systems to work well in a computer game.Do like some of the new tweaks and look forward to the DLC and new content... not that I've finished the main quest yet while building up my mech depot
Morimoto	Not Recommended	31.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197997859218/	I'd say this game needs a bit more development love. It has a nice feel to it and works reasonably well, but has quite some annoying flaws that I hope will be patched in the future:* 21:9 resolution is not supported, I have to play with black bars on either side. Developers have said they won't provide support in the near future. Well, my wallet is not going to provide support for your products in return. If you have 16:9 monitor, this might not concern you, if you do, don't buy or brace for disappointment.* There's lots of lag and delay all over the place. Opening a list of saved games takes lots of time, loading a game takes lots of time, loading a loding screen takes lots of time (quickload? come on). Switching mechs in mechbay has delay, talking to your crew has delay between each choice (why? it's just text). And that's just the user interface.* Combat controls often "freeze" - camera zooms in and out on it's own every now and then and forces you to stare at rubble from destroyed building for a couple of seconds before returning back to you. Enemy turn, zoom in, zoom out. And so on. I did btw. disable everything I could in the settings, still, the camera has life of its own.Overall I find the combat the best part of the game, despite the delays and camera issues. The mercenary management/sim on the other hand I am not very fond of, especially the mechbay due to the clunky UI. And what kills the game for me are loading times. I was grinding my teeth throughout the last Shadowrun game, thinking it's because they are reusing the old engine and don't want to make any big changes to it. Turns out it's the same old song again. Graphics first, performance second (or third).
Max Attacks	Not Recommended	46.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/maxigrom/	I'm a BattleTech fan. I played in MC1, MC2, MW3, and MWO.This game looks great and fun in the beginning. But then I realized that he's really slow.After that, I installed a mod which improves the speed of Mech animations on 3.5 times and I saw another side of the game. This game is full of grind. If you like to play 7 type of mission over and over again - this is your game. BTW all missions are similar: you need to kill the main forces and sometimes you need to kill reinforcements. And that's all you need to do. You may play scenario missions but you need to you NEED to grind to make it easier. If you want a new Mech - you need to meet it in the battle and scrap 3 parts of it. If you want a new weapon - you need to grind. A scenario may be good, but dialogues don't affect on gameplay. You may click on the bottom options and skip it.AI is not so clever. You may just stay on another side of a mountain with AC/20 or pack of SRM6 and foes will go to you 1 by 1 and you may easily kill them.It's a game full of grind with a good battle system, bad AI, and nice arts.
Cryhog	Recommended	40.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/syntheticpathos/	Game is good as hell. It's a solid TBS game - the kind you don't see too often. It's pretty similar to XCom in how the turn order works and it's super faithful to my (granted, limited) knowledge of the source material. Overall this game is pretty excellent, even with a few annoying bugs/oversights on release. Then again, what game ships without bugs?Buy this game. It's great.
Holylin	Not Recommended	23.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197992420193/	The game feels quite unpolished. The menus feel clunky, you can only field 4 mechs tops giving you limited tactical options.My main issue with the game will become too repetative too fast.Gameplaywise, besides positioning, there is only so much you can do and there are no real special abilites like in XCom that give you options.No field repair/heal, no high/low cover, no special shots or stuns, aoe, cover destruction etc. etc.Also commanding just 4 mechs becomes boring quite fast and all the game does to make it more difficult is by just having you face more and more opponents at the same time.It is quite sad because there is a solid foundation in the game, it just feels so ... barebones, ... with a bit more gameplay and options and polish this game would blow minds.
andrew_harrison_jr	Not Recommended	65.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197974260073/	No Difficulty setting level.Phone App level graphics.Repetitive missions.Clunky mechanics/Poorly optimized.Long loading times/Memory leaksCPU and GPU over processing...fans sound like jet engines after only an hour of play.
Spaceman	Not Recommended	2.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SpaceProbe/	Above reco'd specs. Game can't mantain a stable framerate and no way to just lock it to a stable 30 even in control panel. Settings menu barely works. Somethings not doing anything until a full restart. Game has a good presentation and gameplay from what I can play but it really needs fixed.
Endyo	Recommended	28.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/endyo/	I’ve long been a fan of mech games of all shapes and sizes.  Fond memories are always reawakened of MechWarrior 2 and 3’s ‘romp and stomp’ action and Mech Commander’s near impossible missions.  With Battletech, I had a chance to finally get back to the strategic side of the franchise while still getting right up in the action, even without direct control of a mech.  Building a successful mercenary organization turns out to be a tough but fulfilling job.  Abbreviated Review: https://youtu.be/sCL0zVjBSdgLore for the Lore LoversWhen I first started out with Battletech, I was a bit overwhelmed by the amount of lore that as presented up front.  I know that the franchise and its tabletop roots have a ridiculous amount of lore available in a library of books, but I don’t really know anything about all of that.  It turns out you don’t really need to know much, but in the beginning when you’re setting up your character and there’s videos and walls of text, it’s hard to establish much context without it.  Yet if you really drill down on all of the highlighted bits of text and read all of the little tooltips that are presented, you can get a general grasp on what’s going on in the narrative.   After you make your way into the core of the gameplay, lore takes a backseat to the rest of the game and story elements are comprised mostly things happening only in the present.  There are a handful of past references, but they will become more and more familiar as you play.Take it slow… because you don’t have a choiceJumping straight into the combat – where I certainly spent most of my time – I have to address right up front that this is not a game for people who aren’t patient and really enjoy slow tactical turn based strategy.  In a single fight against a between your lance of mechs and another, you can spend quite a bit of time trying to find perfect placement, movement, angles of attack, choice of weapons, and countless other little nuances in the actions of each character.  While I’ve grown fond of this style of gameplay from things like XCOM and various 4X games, there were moments in Battletech where it really began to feel like it was too slow.  One particular moment was an escort mission where four vehicles took about five turns to get where they needed to go across the map.  Each one moves individually in one turn, then each one of my mechs move individually.  That sequence of literal walking and driving felt like it took 20 minutes – though it probably only took like five or six.  Even with all of this, it’s hard to look past just how wonderful it can be to envision a specific strategy making use of multiple mechs abilities and weapons an having it executed perfectly.  What may involve drawing out a single turn for several minutes, looking at evasion levels, cover, positioning, weapon hit chance and range, potential targets, looking at damage potential, enemy armor levels, and whatever else, turns into this beautiful tapestry of carnage as all of the weapons tear apart their targets.  Borrowing a bit more XCOMI’ve never had a problem with developers borrowing game design elements.  Also, you never really know what was “inspired by” and what just coincidently looks like it was.  Still, there are a few parts outside of the “turn-based tactics” design that will look familiar to an XCOM player. Namely the whole “time progression” system that determines when mechs are repaired, injured pilots heal, lets you travel between planets, and even has a monthly financial report.  It works pretty much exactly the way that it did in XCOM, minus the spinning Earth in the background.  However, unlike XCOM, missions (both story and side) do not seem to be time dependent, so the driving factor is mostly whether or not you have enough money to continue rather than issues with waiting too long.  Outside of that, while some other areas may be comparable, a lot of the non-mission gameplay is what you’d expect from a Battletech game.  You’re managing your finances, hiring pilots, outfitting mechs with parts that you buy or salvage, and upgrading your transport ship.  The familiar screen of loading weapons into designated slot types, adding and subtracting armor in a fine balancing act anticipating where each mech will get hit most, and trying to keep the whole thing from overheating or just randomly exploding if an arm gets shot.  Managing this from top to bottom with the money you earn and salvage you find gives you a sense of connection to each mech.  Trying out weapon and equipment combinations (or being forced to because you lost everything else) is a strategic endeavor in itself and, of course, plays a role in what mechs you send out and how you end up using them tactically.  Alpha Strike To VictoryWhen I heard that a Battletech game was coming out, I was hoping that it would include everything that this game ultimately delivers.  It’s great to see a developer so clearly understand what a fan of the franchise (even from the more action-oriented side) really wanted in this title.   While it may be a little slow for some people, and even me in a few cases, overall it’s just so much fun to play that I lose myself for hours in it.  The combination of a great strategic and tactical level with some beautiful detail in the combat keep me coming back for each mission.  Then my not-so-secret love of management sims gets pinged every time I get micromanage the inventory buying and selling to get the best possible loadout with what I have available.  I’ve been pretty good about limiting what games I buy on release, but Battletech was an exception that was worth the investment – so it’s a recommendation that is easy for me to make.  Everyone who’s a fan of mech strategy, XCOM, or just turn based strategies in general should be playing this.  I have a feeling that it’s only going to get better.If you'd like to see more of my reviews, check out my curator page here: http://store.steampowered.com/curator/28346672-Endyo-Gaming/ 
[CoFR]Hunter	Not Recommended	57.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/cofrhunter/	Setting aside the bugs and slowness, there are several things I don't like. The restriction to a single lance is very frustrating. Enemies will almost always field two lances or more. Campaign missions are, of course, heavily scripted and mostly it's trying to figure out what the developers wanted you to do to clear the mission. Just "lost" a campaign mission because I guess I didn't follow the path they wanted me to so I could complete it in the turn limit they set. But, also think I used up turns because when you destroy all the hostiles within LOS(or new ones come into LOS) it ends the turn, even if you only used one or two mechs so far.AI gets a crazy number of headshots against your pilots, resulting in pilots being unusable for weeks. Missions are too sparse. I'll get a travel contract to a planet, but then no more will be available on that planet after that, so you have to get another travel contract, so if you're lucky you'll be able to do maybe two a month, keeping ahead of your expenses. Stores very rarely stock anything good and don't seem to change inventory until you leave and come back. I could go on, but I really just wanted to put a "does not recommend" on this game. Not worth the $40, should've waited til this was on sale.
A Slice of Tuna	Recommended	195.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198000446343/	It's a fine tactical turn based strategy game that has some interesting things going for it and a couple of big things that keep it from being 10/10 based on my expectations.The Good: It's visually interesting both in the cutscenes (which in HBS style are presented as excellent static images and V/O work) and active gameplay. The Mech's themselves all look excellent and the change in style from the Table Top models to the newer F2P looking ones was the right choice in my opinion, they look like they carry weight and are actual tools of war. The out of combat gameplay is interesting too, between keeping your mechs reparied and geared with the best stuff (repairing and refitting takes time, which adds another layer to the gameplay) you can also upgrade your mechwarriors in any of four catagories, as well as upgrade your ship past a certain point in the plot. Finding a mech setup that wrecks♥♥♥♥♥♥up and then building a sick lance with three other mechs that wreck♥♥♥♥♥♥and building strats based on those four is always satisfying, pulling off those strats perfectly and kicking all the♥♥♥♥♥always puts a smile on my face. I've never been a huge fan of the universe, so I can't say with any kind of authority as to how well it portrays the BT canon, but I love how everything looks and feels and if the rest of the canon is like this then I can see myself really getting into the Table Top hobby as well, there's a lot to love here.The Bad: Performance. You've seen it over and over again if you've read the reviews at all and it is certainly a problem. I've found that most of the time if I let it sit and chug then it will do what I need it to do, most of the times it says it's crashed it actually just needs a minute or two to finish loading, that said though, there is absolutely no reason for this to happen. I may not have a top-tier rig, I'd say my specs overall just meet middle of the range, but to compare it to another game I just bought (Ghost Recon: Wildlands), if I can run an open world game with good graphics (set to upper end medium in all fairness, but still) there should be no reason the game takes this ♥♥♥♥ing long to load. Next is the AI. Sometimes your enemies will react in a believable manner, or believable enough, but sometimes they will go over a ♥♥♥♥ing mountain to meet you when they have no earthly ability to know that you're there. The game also loves to stack odds against you, in the begining, fair enough, it wants to be hard, but this becomes frankly ridiculous as time goes on. With monthly operating costs and the costs of repairing my mechs and the time I have to spend with so many mechs and pilots down I find I'm always scraping the barrel. I might just be♥♥♥♥♥♥ fair enough, but it seems to actively be working against you sometimes in a way I can't say I enjoy, but some might, so I guess this is more a preference thing. The "what the ♥♥♥♥ is wrong with you this is ♥♥♥♥ing nothing just play the ♥♥♥♥ing game": In character creation you can choose "He", "She", or "They". He shows dude faces, she shows girl faces, they show all faces. You can customize these faces. This is all, there is no reason anyone should be ♥♥♥♥♥ing about this but they are.Overall:  It's fun, I like playing it, but I find that I can't play it for long before becoming annoyed. When it works, it really works, with your four mech lance acting in sync and everything coming together perfectly. When it doesn't and the game is throwing insane odds at you and every shot is missing and all your mechs are overheating and you have a nickle in your pocket and rent is due in five minutes and all of your mechs and mechwarriors need to go on sabatical for a year before they can do anything again you want to throw your tower out of a window.I can't say I recommend for everyone, I might even say it should be ten dollars (USD) cheaper, but it is a good time if you're willing to meet it on it's level.
rasabt	Recommended	33.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198013328690/	I was completly wrong about the game; following a test-session at a friend's place i just saw the clunky looking combat and the technical problems (back at release)....then i got persuaded to buy the game and give it a chance:boy am i glad. Battletech turned out to be one of the most addicting and fun games i played in a long time. yes, some people say it doesn't look good; i'd say i looks fantastic; effects, mechs, planets, menues and cutscenes are put to gether with a level skill only a dev with as much experience as Harebrained can do. the athmosphere is brilliant, the level and attention of detailed sucks you right into the Battletech-universe. also the soundtrack has to be mentioned, composition and mood are spot on. the story is nothing to write home about, but it works and keeps you interested. considering the game is more a strategy-game than a hardcore crpg it works perfectly well; and the cutscene's (aswell as the narration) are just beautifull. once you get past the intial start of the campaign the game keeps you going and going and going; managment of your mechs (very deep customization) and cew/finances are simply fun....but the real hit is the combat: managing everything from different movement types (jumping, sprinting, etc.) over which weapons to fire how, crew-skills and the incredible number of different weapon-systems (quality)....there's so much depth here.9/10 for proving me wrong and delivering one of the best turn-based games i've ever played.
MrMuse	Recommended	161.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197991657927/	Battletech is a big and FUN game. Anyone who enjoyed the old Mechwarrior games or any game where you are running a Merc outfit should also enjoy this one. The emergent storyline is decent and it is otherwise packed with Battletech lore. The mechs themselves are varied and highly customisable and scouring the galaxy for the rarest parts can pay off if you can hold onto them long enough. Your units don't have to die completely for it to literally cost you an arm and a leg. For instance, if you put that super expensive +++ weapon on a bodypart that gets destroyed you not only have to replace that bodypart which takes time and money but you also lose the weaponry or equipment that was installed on it. This is not a criticism. It's all good stuff.But there are two main factors where I have issues with Battletech. Firstly, the loading segments (of which, being a contract/ selectable mission game, there are many) take longer than most other games unless you have an SSD in which case you likely wouldn't even notice them at all. This isn't, by any means, a large enough detraction from the overall quality and pure fun Battletech represents but it is still enough to cause minor irritation. In fact the pace of this game is pretty slow all around so anyone expecting fast adrenalin pumping action should look elsewhere. For the most part this is a long slow journey that you should take the time of enjoying rather than trying to rush through to the end destination.The second thing I have an issue with is that character skill progression doesn't have enough of a tangible effect in the actual combat phase. Even role specialisation, which is something to be expected if you want to fit the right 'warrior' to the right mech, is largely based on increasing passive effects. There are few activated skills that make a lot of difference to the makeup of your team or their effectiveness in combat. The same can be said of the mechs themselves to some extent since the mobility of lighter units is meaningless when they are destroyed in one salvo from a larger mech (as your mechanic says at one point "remember when it comes to mechs bigger is better). I think this is more a case of laziness than it is an excuse to be true to the Battletech Universe as more effective active skills and more tangible difference between mechs than their firepower and durability could also create issues and work with difficulty balancing.Despite my reservations on these and other more minor points it cannot be denied that Battletech is a thoroughly enjoyable turn based strategy worthy of many hours of your time should you choose to invest it.
Delvan	Recommended	137.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/delvan/	I am absolutely loving this game.  The stability system really helps set energy, missile and ballistic weapons apart beyond just the heat & ammo considerations of other games in this setting. Morale, operating costs, reputation, travel time, repair and refit time, pilot injuries (and deaths) add an entire layer of gameplay beyond the mech combat. Melee is here! So is Death From Above! Even if you're not excited about those as a primary tactic, they add an extra tool in your toolbelt when your mech is overheating or has lost most of its weapons.Once you've made your way through some of the main story missions, you get an awesome ship with loads of upgrades available related to mech repair & refit times, healing up pilots, more mech bays, more (and better) living space, luxuries to improve morale, simulator pods to give your rookie pilots experience, and more.  Some of the random events go differently if you happen to have certain facilities on-board.There's plenty of room for improvement for the game, of course.  It could use some optimization, it'd be nice if you could move mechs from one mech bay to another without disassembling & re-assembling them, and inventory/roster lists would do well with some extra data columns.
Sticky Wicket	Not Recommended	45.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198086093824/	I'm quite disapointed at the lack of depth Battletech has.All the time I'm playing it I'm thinking *Mech Commander did all this so much better 20 years ago*.BT has a more intricate combat system for sure, but that's about it. The mission structure is so sadly lacking, and so much of the mission scripting is just so basic (and downright idiotic) and no inventiveness nor effort has obviously been put into it. The combat consists of defeating enemy spam: all the time. Instead of any real tactical and strategic depth there is just the tired-old nonsense of making it a pure numbers game. In that sense the game feels very formulaic and empty. The story part of it seems to be the one aspect that keeps me interested. I will struggle to keep on with it because I'd like to see how the story pans out, but I am yearning for something a lot better than this. I would have preferred a Mech Commander 3.I cannot in any good conscience recommend this game yet. Hopefully it will develop into something far more interesting.Edit/update:The news that HBS have now been effectively bought out by Paradox means this game has no future imho. All that will probably happen now is a stream of shallow DLC built on top a dysfunctional base game.
Pnume	Not Recommended	83.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/gzhindra/	Battletech is a great license but Harebrained made a♥♥♥♥♥♥poor job of it.It's not a bad game. The tactical side of the game is pretty good (it comes from the table top rules - not from Harebrained) but the devs made a mess of pretty much everything else except maybe for the managment of your ship/mechwarriors/mechs.In a nutshell:+ The tactical option inside battles are great+ Mechs customization is fun+ Ship management is good enough+ an OK chalenge- I've seen worse storywise but it is pretty bad. Nothing particularly hairraosing or engaging in the story. It's just a basic quickly forgotten revenge story told with no talent what so ever. The characters are colorless and uncharismatics.- My PC remains fairly powerful and I've never had problems with optimisation with a game before this one. It is terrible. Anything you do lags and I mean EVERYTHING. - The game is horribly slow. You can't skip animations and you have to watch for the 10000 times your mechs walk slowly to their destinations....one by one. The game is fairly long but it is the main reason. If the devs had done their job properly the game would be 5 times shorter.- The game is ugly. Not a big deal for a RPG but since it comes with the worst optimisation I have ever seen in a video game it's not acceptableIt's not a bad point in itself but I would have prefered if the game had area of effects attacks.Conclusion: 5/10
=J13=Serenity	Not Recommended	55.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198021417927/	I would give this game a 100% positive reviewButAI is terribleJust replayed ''Mechcommander'' Released in 1998 (20 years ago) and if feels that ''Battletech'' has exactly same Ai if not worse.All you need is this new game is a 3 long range mech and one with sensor lock ability to hide somewere close to the enemy and spot them, while the rest of your team annihilates them. Thats it. Works 100% of the time4 of my medium mech destroyed 8 Assault and heavy mech and several heavy turrets almost without a scratch...Half of my mech are striped of all armor and only have LRM with ammo and buffs for Missile accuracy. And with this AI its perfectly safe to do!Why Ai never ejects? Even with 1 health left on center torso of his mech? Enemy mech will come to you one by one, very slowly, never sprinting, so you can comfortably kill them using you ''Magic'' abilities. Talking about ''Magic'': It  is actually called ''Morale'', nevertheless it allows you to ''cast'' spells like ''precision shot'', which in turn allows you to target cpecific location of the enemy mech.So, like 2+2=4, Precicion strike+a lot of guns(and no armour)+center torso = insta kill of any mech. Even heaviest 100T ones.Another aspect I dont like is that there are no apperent reasons to use lighter mech in a campaign. you always stick to the heviest ones. Customisation basically makes all mech the equal beacause you can turn any mech into anything you like.Its fun, but again, what is the point of all this mech? They can just be named something like 100tonn, 50 tonn, 30 tonn etc... According to battletech books I have, Inner sphere mech are not very customisable, and thats why each of them is  unique. Unlike Clan omnimech...Also the majority of the mech stats are not displayed in numbers, which makes it hard to asses their actual performance on the battlefield. Like if the taget market for this game is 4 year old kids wich migh not be that good with numbers... (thats actually explains a lot in this game).How come that a game of 2003 called ''Titans of steel'', which is also free by the way, apperently has a better AI, and more detailed game mechanics that this 2018 release, and it has ''numbers' so you can actually calculate everything before battle.This new ''Battletech'' game is like steak with all kinds of french fries, salad, spices and wine, but without the meat itself in it.Wallpapers are great though
electro ⚡	Recommended	63.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/electrophunk/	8/10 - Highly RecommendedThis is a wonderful blend of X-Com, Total War, FTL, and old-school RPG set in a very rich MechWarrior universe. The campaign takes major influencs from Game of Thrones, and the world itself is evokes a bit of Halo, Warhammer 40k, and a nice helping Titanfall, while having the pedigree of MechWarrior, a franchise that predates most all of those. PRO's: Great atmosphere, fun gameplay, incredible RPG elements in the campaign, very significant meaning to the Mechs and loadouts you choose for each mission, and all and all a lot of fun. CON's:A lot of dialogue text to read through, a slightly confusing and sometimes clunky UI, a very steep learning curve, and rather unforgiving gameplay. Your failures and mistakes in missions will matter, and they will cost you. The story is epic, but it has an old-school RPG delivery, not beautifully animated live action NPC dialogue scenes. You do get the feeling that you're running a company of MechWarrior mercenaries, and that is pretty awesome.Even if you're not into the whole bipedal robot thing, this is an AMAZING strategy RPG with great turn based combat. Definitely worth a look, but really getting a decent look at the game might run you past a two hour return window. At the same time, Battletech delivers a classic feeling and a breath of fresh air in a market that seemed to be ever-narrowing. If you want to run your own band of giant bi-pedal death robot mercenaries galavanting about the galaxy and mixing it up with all sorts of charactersa and factions, look no further!
Cortilian	Recommended	25.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197988494930/	Game of the Year so far.  If you've played and liked tabletop Battletech this game is a must have.  I'm back to playing now.
McDeath	Recommended	138.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/DaddyMcDeath/	Pros:+ Good Story+ Fun Tactical Combat+ Fun Strategic Decisions Outside of CombatCons:- Combat gets repetitive- Long Load Times- Bigger Mechs Always BestSummary:While the combat gets repetitive late game, the story missions are still very engaging all the way to the end.  I hope with the new expansion and in future expansions that they flesh out the rich setting and characters already established in the BattleTech universe.  For instance, too often the player is forced to take the same 4 or 5 jobs inbetween story missions just to raise money or try to get new Mechs.  If there were some additional motivations like a rival Merc company or some additional tie in to your character creation decisions, or missions that helped reveal more history with the crew, I think it would help make it feel like less of a grind.  The decisions about which missions to take, gear to equip, and pilots upgrades to select give the game a solid strategic layer.  The one area it could improve is putting Mech weight limits on certain missions or giving the player some sort of incentive to use the least amount of mech weight when taking on a mission.  I felt like every mission I went on, the best decision was to take the heaviest mechs.  Which meant I only really needed to keep 6 mechs ready for combat.This game is good but not great.  I think with some quality expansions to flesh out the universe and to bring some combat diversity, this game could be great.  Buy it if you are a sucker for turn based combat.  Definitely buy it on sale if you are on the fence.
DeadlyGrub	Not Recommended	20.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198011947472/	For the quick summary the game is Barley above average 6/10 this doesn't mean it's a bad game just that it has alot of flaws...-Pros-Faithfull adaptaion of the Tabletop (This unfortuanatly comes into the cons later)-Great 2D Cutsceen art-Mechs look great-Sound assests are Good-The Neutral-The Story, While not awful it's definatly not good, it's very generic and full of cliches-Graphics Besides the Mechs and 2D are servicable-The turns can be slow mostly due to the camera but even with the cinematic mode turned off it still can get caught for up to 10 seconds on nothing.-Endless Randomly Generated Missions, This one would normally be in the Pros but the Difficulty of these mission is so irratic and inconsistent it's a bad joke you should look at the money your getting paid not the difficulty option when taking a side job past the first 3 campign missions. This is because you may see a difficulty 3 on a planet and you get 1 Lance of Medium/Heavys, Then see a Difficulty 1.5 on the same planet and it will have 2 lances and multiple tanks with base turrets...-Minor Spoiler AheadThe Argo which is your upgradable ship is barley worth upgrading because the upkeep cost on alot of the upgrades is beyond stupidly high which makes upgrading the ship barley worth it for the majority of the game-Cons-CharactersTo sum it up they are ALL characatures and they majority can be summed up in a single short senence... They have 0 depth and honestly after talking to them on the ship they never really get more dialog and just sit there as basically a anime cardboard pin-up. The main Characters suffer from this even worse as I got bored with them after 3 hours of playing. ExamplePrincess Honestly I forgot her Name. Summary: I do this for my people... Good hearted to Disney Level and very Naive and she doesn't change/evolve at all during the storyThe Traitor Duke (Again forgot his name) Basically just a Space Facist... thats basically it...No depth at all it rather Laughable-Balance.... Yeah trust me you will realize the dev team ripped♥♥♥♥♥♥straight from tabletop without giving you the counters to it... Example, Energy Weapons besides Medium lasers I never found a use for, Balistic Weapons generally didn't do enough damage for the tonnage and that leaves missiles.... LRMs are litterally god in this game... if you have a propperly equipt LRM boat you will knock people down in a single turn constantly as a decent LRM boat will max the Knockdown bar with one volley. Have 2 of those and 2 SRM boats in the Front and tada Knockdown spam. It doesn't help that EACH missile has a seperate hitchance which means they all roll independantly to hit the target which makes them more reliable then they should be in the case of 30-50% shots and this brings me to the next point.-HeadshotsNo matter what damage if you are hit in the head your pilot will be wounded this is a problem when it comes to the previous point about LRM and SRMs having individual hit chance this can get outragious in mid-later game as if you have 3 LRM 20's there is a a very good cahnce to get 1 headshot per round against enemies not to mention the knockdown wounded the pilot on top of that... It is by far too easy to get and kill using this mechanic. Not to mention if your pilots are wounded per pip default it is 20 days, this can be reduced at a very large cost to up to 10 days per damage.-EconemyThis game has the litterally definition of a Artificaly difficult econemy Your upkeep costs are very high, your pay is mediocore, and your ability to sell things well apparently your ships merchant is a dunce because he has no idea what fair pricing is and it will fell like you are getting ripped off for the stuff you are selling.... I mean you sell a 8 million C-bill mech for 500k.... not to mention if your like me and think that you should upgrade your ship you will have a per month upkeep cost of 400k very fast if you hire additional pilots to help with the headshot issues this can just to about 500-600k as they are not cheap (Makes sense life or death but your pay for mission don't relate well to that) You can fix the values to more resonable amounts if you dig in the game files which I did mostly because I was sick of playing Wacka C-Bill. That and I wanted to see if the game had any remote challange besides that.-Difficulty/Tactics RequiredThe game is to put it bluntly Easy... Besides the Econemy the battles are very very laughable... The game relises on outnumbering you heavily to give any sort of difficulty this can and will be up to 4-1 odds. You can feild 4 Mechs thats it all you get. The enemy can get up to 3 lances some tanks and base defenses all on the same mission. This is not how you do difficulty this is how you make people bored... As all I did was have 2 Front liners with Brace and Sensor pings light up the enemy and then nuke them with LRMs from my 2 backliners. The AI will most of the time charge then retreat in a pulsing pattern. The retreat only happens if a Mech is close to knockdown however not if it's wounded. The Enemy AI is very suicidal and doesn't at all react like a legitamate Pilot fairly Immersion Breaking as Not Once in my play time did I see a single Ejection from the AI. They relentlessly charge unless you are about to knock them over it's really baddly programmed and will constantly run into firing lines and terrible positions. It's not even that hard to abuse as I did it without even try just imposing a tiny bit of tactics (Example is Sitting behind a mountian using indirect fire to widdle them down they would charge the corner one at a time getting one shot by the SRM boats)-PerformanceGenrally it's mediocore to bad, have to restart every once in awhile due to memory leak issues and the load times can be overly long considering the game isn't that graphically impresive.-BugsTo sum it up there are alot.... But the imprtant issues that should be named isThe game can max your GPU to 100% my friend had this issue and it would have killed his card had he not noticed it. You can check the disscusion people have been reporting it in more detail there.Reinforments will instantly come in even if the dialog implies they would come in later or if you finish an objective the devs have called this "Bad Intel" it's not as whenever reinforments showed up they were instantanious I have never seen otherwise besides story missions.-CencorshipThe devs will censor your opinion on the Steam forums by banning you if you say anything negative I have seen multiple posts get banned by asking simple questions like are PPCs/LL useless?-The Random Stupid Point-The game has a Gender Selection of He,She,They some people are bother by this I just laughed at it mostly as it's irrelavant.To sum it upGames probably worth 15-20$ at most at full price it's definatly not worth it.(Edited for Typos Probably some still in there)
disposable	Not Recommended	89.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197970496041/	Campaign is RNG hell.  Salvage system is ridiculous.  All salvage of a given mech chassis should count towards completing that mech, instead each variant counts as its own separate entity, making salvaging mechs ridiculously laborious.  You should be able to sell your partial salvages as well, if you can, I can't find where to do it.  AI lacks multiple difficulties, and seems to never make the "wrong" move.  It's a power gamer, which would be fine if there were multiple difficulties, but there aren't.  Repairs and pilot injuries are punitive, guaranteeing they suck up most of the cash you make on the missions you do complete.  Randomly assigned enemies vary wildly in power.  You never know if you're going to get 4 light mechs or 4 medium mechs on the same mission.  Limiting mechs to a lance of 4 regardless of drop tonnage, functional chassis, and number of pilots is kind of ridiculous as well.  Smacks of arbitrary constraint because "lore".  The enemy constantly uses groups of 5+ mechs, so why is the player limited?  Save system is a mess.  Why doesn't it save first turn of a mission?  So I get to deal with more of the ridiculous load times?I kickstarted this game, and HBS Shadowrun games, which were good.  Pretty disappointed in this one though.
dilanli	Not Recommended	11.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/dilanli/	Crash after crash after crash. Is this game fun? I donno, I spend 30mins restart it over and over again. As a game developer myself, I can't believe how this game passed QA ever!My computer specs:Win 10Xeon E3-1231 V38GB RamNvidia Geforce GTX970
qngage	Recommended	210.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/qngage/	i love this game... some shortage here and there... but its fine i love it... u get to manage your crew... u get to punch, kick and bash some mechs... u get to shoot some mechs... u get to fry some mechs... u get overheat and die... nice!
SteveRaptor	Recommended	75.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198054167328/	Battletech is a great top down tactical turn based strategy game, and altough it has some glaring and serious flaws, its still a worthy entertainment for its price.If you like turn based strategy games, squeezed every bit of gameplay from XCOM 2 and its mods and looking for something similiar to dive into then this is the game for you.In battltech you control giant mechs instead of soldiers, and there are a lot of strategy in play here, which is really good.The mechs are compromised of body parts and are fully costumizable with regards to the weapon, armor and other modules you can put on them.Shooting down different mech parts result in different outcomes depending on what you blew off.If you shoot a leg, the enemy mech falls, if you shoot and take off an arm, all weapons that were on that arms are gone and if you shoot the head and kill the pilot, the mech is rendered unoperable.I have no background and no previous knowledge with the battlemech universe and i never played any of the mechwarrior online games, and i had no problems to hook into the story and some of the lore.The campaign is fairly lengthy (20 missions i think) and works like a semi-open-galaxy setting where you fly around systems, do missions earn C-Bills (in game currency) and loot stuff, the story itself is fairly good and is accompanied by good voice acting and great 2D cutscense.It took me ~70 hours to finish my first campaign, which is definelty good entertainment for the money you pay.The progression system is fairly good, to get new mechs you need to destroy enemy mechs on the battlefield and salvage them.Managing your mercenary team is important since you pay salaries to your pilots and upkeep costs on your mechs.The game has good replaybility value even after you finish the campaign.There are tones of mechs in the game, and different tactics you can employ plus there is online multiplayer and there is a deep strategy layer in the game.Finally, my biggest gripe with the game: its HORRIBLY optimized.I highly recommend you to install this game on an SSD, otherwise prepare for some really long loading times and slow performance overall, which is a big shame even if your systems specs are far above the recomended ones.Overall 7.5/10, and most of it comes because of the horrible optimizations.
ILoveCostcoPizza	Recommended	80.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ILoveCostcoPizza/	Great game with an average story but amazing art. At first, I was a little lost and just spammed attacks but started to slowly figure things out. After I played the game for several hours, I started to appreciate all the small details the devs added. Hard to pin-point what got me hooked on the game but I just loved trying to salvage every mech I destroyed. I loved getting a brand new mech, customize it, and then send it out on the battlefield to see how it performs. Just tinkering with each new mech I salvaged was just as fun as destroying mechs. I also got attached to my pilots because as I level them, they opened new perks for me to play with. I love how my Stalker would rain down missles on the enemy from long range, then my King Crab would blow off limbs with it's AC-20, and then after the mission ended seeing what weapons and mechs I salvaged. Whats a nice touch to the game is the option to negotiate your contracts. I always negotiate for full salvage because I get the most money selling mechs I don't need.Never played the tabletops but I played every mechwarrior game since 1989 (except Living Legends but thats a mod not a full game). Mechwarrior Online was not for me because it was only a multiplayer game. I prefer the rich story/lore and salvaging destroyed mechs that a singleplayer Mechwarrior offered. If your an old school Mechwarrior fan that just loved blowing off the legs of enemy mechs so you can salvage and then customize them, then I think you will like this game. If your new to Battletech lore and its gameplay.... then I hope you have patience :).
Sober Mans Secret	Recommended	27.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SoberMansSecret/	Battletech is very good, some glitchy animations and turns could be a little smoother but other than that it's a first rate tactical strategy game. Nothing quite like stomping on a giant mech and crushing the pilot under your mighty iron boot whilst sipping the first coffee of the day.https://steamcommunity.com/groups/Priority-One 
Dradis	Recommended	160.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198003694027/	PURE AWESOME SAUCE!!!!!16.5Hrs in and im loving every minute, watched some gameplay before the release so I knew what to expect of the game and in my oppinion it delivers, gameplay is fun to engage in, to watch and is tacticaly fulfilling. The mercenary commander side of things managing income, expenses, missions to take, travel, mech repair & customisation, mechwarrior injuries to deal with, internal fights and situations that randomly happen, employing and terminating mechwarriors contracts, upgrading the Argo and so on is totally engaging and a blast to work through. Story arc is interesting and fulfilling and im looking forward to moving further through it.Big thanks to HBS for creating this game, looking forward to some TLC patches, further optimisation and future content!!! If this received steam workshop support as well that would be a nice bouns!Bring on the expansion!
Rogue428	Recommended	119.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197962017305/	I'm having a blast with this game. Played Tabletop Battletech since the 80's and this takes me back. So much fun. I've only been playing the campaign but so far it is great and a tad unforgiving, which is good, because it rewards you for your successess and is unforgiving when you fail.Some folks seem to be having a lot of issues with the game itself, but it runs all right on my rig which isn't crazy built out. I did have to turn down some of the graphics to medium since I have an older GPU (Radeon R9 200). I haven't run into bugs, but there are some long load times that encourage patience. I figure after a few patches, this will be right as rain and probably won't ever leave my machine right alongside X-Com as a permanent addition.
[SsT] Talkos	Recommended	186.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/talkos/	You like turn based tactics? You like management games? You like x-com like move and shoot games? You like big stompy robots? You like lasers and missiles? You like inclusivity? You like excellent music and beautiful artwork? If you answered yes to any of that, you need to get this game. HBS built up a lot of credit with me from the Shadowrun games, and they did not disappoint with Battletech. Beautifully done and a pleasure to play. It takes the one more turn feel and runs with it. I keep feeling like one more mission, one more salvage run, and I can build the perfect lance of mechs, not to mention keeping my mercenary company afloat. It is a game of interesting choices. Highly recommended. Buy it and see the next few days of your life disappear into a hole of deciding whether your mech needs more missiles(yes) or more heat sinks(yes) or more armor(also yes).
BellagioSampler	Not Recommended	17.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198029678834/	Its a Game i really wanna play but plagued with broken code, bloated programing and resource hogging... seems like a bitcoin opperation... please fix game and put 50% off and ill rebuy...
Hank Hill	Recommended	161.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198012302141/	First hours of play:Campaign or skirmish is all we can hope for folks. Right off the bat the login feature is dead. It caught you in an unescapable loop that required forced shut down of the program to escape. After that it worked in single player... is it fixed already? How the heck would I know!?!? I won't shut the game off dammit!SO to answer the most important question... is it worth it? Oh My God YES! Not just for the diehard BT fan but because it has a grest story so far, great flow between action and story with skippable tutorials hidden in dialogue. The learning curve is not steep and the UI, though not great, is understandable. Buy it, now excuse me I need to go back to playing.----------------------------------------------------12 hours later...If you are looking to hear me start to trash talk things because NOW I see the truth you are going to be disappointed. It is not perfect folks, by any means. The missions are often powder puff in the early stages, if you know what you are doing. There are some glitches in the graphics and the like but there is not a game designed and released that did not have those.Overall the game retains what I stated above. There is incredible depth in the game and story if you wish to look for it and read the available blurbs but you are not required to do so. If you already know everything there is to know of BT canon then zip past it with a magnanimous grin. If you don't give two hoots about the creation of the Magistracy of Canopus you can ignore it and still enjoy the story.The gameplay is solid but for those occasional bugs and for the fact that everytime your pilot takes damage you cringe, knowing full well it is going to be months before they pilot again. (Something to please, please, PLEASE tweek in the future developers?) In fact it is much more likely you will eject a functional mech just because you dont want your pilot to die from another lucky shot.Editting the mechs.... anyone who played battletech or Mexhwarrior games please pucker up for this: The ability to edit the mechs is EXTREMELY limited. Each section has a hardpoint. Only weapons for that hardpoint can go there. So you can basically upgrade or downgrade weaponss. A PPC will not ever go in the spot for an A/C 5. More to come.....
Chronos Guardian	Not Recommended	0.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198023353140/	Bought it, waited 30 mins for it to install. Started game. Gets all the publishers, then it is a black screen where I am guessing a video is supposed to be and nothing happens. It says press escape in the top left but that doesnt work. So I left it for 10 mins and nothing happened. Uninstalled and tried again, yet same problem. Ran in compatibility and yet nothing happened. ♥♥♥♥ this I am refunding.And before people comment about my computer or drivers. Yes, my drivers are up to date, and no I do have a good graphics card and CPU. I run every other game every on maximum settings.
[SsT] Talkos	Recommended	186.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/talkos/	You like turn based tactics? You like management games? You like x-com like move and shoot games? You like big stompy robots? You like lasers and missiles? You like inclusivity? You like excellent music and beautiful artwork? If you answered yes to any of that, you need to get this game. HBS built up a lot of credit with me from the Shadowrun games, and they did not disappoint with Battletech. Beautifully done and a pleasure to play. It takes the one more turn feel and runs with it. I keep feeling like one more mission, one more salvage run, and I can build the perfect lance of mechs, not to mention keeping my mercenary company afloat. It is a game of interesting choices. Highly recommended. Buy it and see the next few days of your life disappear into a hole of deciding whether your mech needs more missiles(yes) or more heat sinks(yes) or more armor(also yes).
BellagioSampler	Not Recommended	17.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198029678834/	Its a Game i really wanna play but plagued with broken code, bloated programing and resource hogging... seems like a bitcoin opperation... please fix game and put 50% off and ill rebuy...
da-ugh	Recommended	243.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197970525190/	this is an awesome game based on the old tabletop version.  protect your damaged parts and you can claim victory.  I've played over 300 hrs including completing the campaign.  I've preordered the expansion already and am eagerly awaiting for the release!!
Sushibot	Recommended	18.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/sushibot/	This review will change as the game is updated/patched:pros:+ cool mechs+good combat mechanics+combat is fun and satisfyingcons:-poorly optimized-no matchmaking-launch day bugs galore
DarkKnight	Recommended	97.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197962089406/	This game has a really deep story and a really good RPG/Turn Based Strategy game. You can customize your mechs, your colors, and your pilot abilities. There's even some base building that happens. As you progress you get harder and harder missions and the potential to salvage new mechs and hire new pilots.This game pretty much has anything you could want from a BattleTech game.
Melding	Recommended	44.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Melding/	A very solid tactical game with a few technical issues that will likely get ironed out soon, going by the dev's history.
DonKubrick	Recommended	78.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/donkubrick/	Like a mix of XCOM and MWO. Great turn-based gameplay, the company management works great between the fights. You can choose which mechs to deploy and refit them as you like, similar to MechWarrior Online, you manage the armor, weapons heatsinks etc. The story ist partly open you can choose between different contracts to do but there is also a driven story, which missions you can start at any point. Haven't checked the PvP yet but I can't see how it wouldn't be as good as the SP fights.
=MGC= Lockedtight300	Recommended	120.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Lockedtight300/	Having played for several hours now, ill give my two cents.  First, the positives,-Merc mechanic is awesome-Gameplay is top notch-Lore is plentiful-amazing musicThe negatives,-Long load times-some random frame dropsAll in all, a great game.  I recommend to anyone who likes a turn based strategy game!
С Г エ χ	Not Recommended	83.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/CRIXTREME/	Battletech is boring. As fan of mechwarrior, RTS games, Tactical games, and the tabletop classic battletech game; This iteration is flawed, bland, and just plain boring to play.First off, the simple act of playing the game is slow. The animations are slow, there are huge pauses inbetween actions and the loading times are something you might find in the PS1 era. The game is slog to play through, even the non-combat UI is slow and unresponsive.And the gameplay.... It's a mess. It's a mess because it's so simple. The game's techbase, going by CBT standards, is introtech. This means only the simplest of rules and weapons are in the game.  Outplaying the AI is easy, but because it's so easy you don't really get much of an advantage from it.  There's no edge points. Why? I guess because losing your head on turn 2 is part of the battletech experience.  Melee has been dumbed down from even the simpliest of tabletop base rules (why?) and yet DFA damage and success rates have been buffed out the wahzoo. Hope the AI doesn't decide to do it, which can easily cause you twice the damage of an AC/20, usually means instant death for any light or medium asset.  You'll lose missions to attrition. Because knockdown rules have changed, and because everyone gets case for free (definitely a curse, not a blessing) It's nearly impossible to focus fire units to death before their buddies show up and now it's turned into the epitome of a 3025 slugging match. Think about a bunch of moderately slow mechs slowly peeling armor off with  tiny lasers or 1 armed one legged mechs punching you to death. It's slow, boring, and the player loses.I'm sorry this review isn't in layman's terms and is probably incomprehensible for most, but at the end of the day this game is just snore inducingly boring. 
MeatheadMilitia	Recommended	45.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/MeatheadMilitia/	Product received for free
Ridgy.exe.jpeg.pdf.gif.docx.png	Not Recommended	25.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ridgyaxe/	As of 4/29/2018, multiple people are experiences problems with running the game. The game window opens, the first few logos for companies go through, and then you get a black screen with an FPS counter. There's a lot of different things that people are trying to do to fix this client side, but I'm not going to reccomend this game until this issue is fixed by Paradox themselves.
MrMedieval	Not Recommended	46.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198012454424/	Great for 30 minutes, then the nostalgia wore off. Bad game. Like a poor version of XCOM with a terrible pilot skill and health system.
Quraishi.uzair	Not Recommended	118.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198119144937/	Didn't even get a chance to really experience the game as it has many bugs within it which prevent me from playing the game.  Slow load times and freezing consistantly.  The concept of the game seems good but follow through on the actual game was horrible.  I really enjoyed the universe and played previous games but this one missed the mark on delivery quite a bit.
TenaciousElegy	Not Recommended	2.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/gyrfalcon23/	The premise is great but I think the game needs more polish and many Quality of Life improvements before I can recommend it.
jreid2112	Recommended	138.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/pukerat8/	An amazing science fiction tactical wargame in which the player commands a lance of different Battlemechs into combat.
wwiiogre	Recommended	221.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198030845562/	My favorite game is turn based tactical combat with a campaign and lite rpg. This game hits those marks out of the park. Then it throws in incredible story telling. Once you get past all that its a simulation of running a mercenary company in the gritty periphery. If you actually finish the main story line, the game is not over, you now can do unlimited random generated missions for as long as you want. If that is still not enough, you can also play pvp vs another player. The Battletech IP is 34 years old. I bought the tabletop game in 1984, it was called Battle Droids. George Lucas shook his finger and said no 'Droids' and it was renamed Battletech. It is a huge IP, you can find all the information you want at sarna.netI recommend this game to anybody who loves Battletech, Giant Stompy Robots, Turn Based Strategy, XCOM 1/2, and many other grand strategy games that are turn based. If you cannot bother to read all the wonderful writing for the stories, then the 3.5 hour sound track is world class too. Just hard not to gush over this game. I have played almost 20 hours now. No bugs, no glitches. If your system is a little older you may have some loading delays. I will be playing this game for thousands of hours. Replaying it. I cannot wait for the modding community to have fun and create more missions and campaigns. And I especially cannot wait for HBS to release expansions or sequels. Chris
Slashimus	Recommended	93.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197992244401/	An excellent turn-based game set in the Battletech universe with an extremely detailed campaign and a huge number of options for the player to choose from.The combat feels just right for hulking robots going at each other with a myriad of weapons and melee attacks as well. Terrain, heat management, sensor readouts and tactical positioning all play big roles in combat.This is pretty much everything I expect from a Battletech game and anyone interested in turn-based, mech-based combat should give this a try.
Naotaku	Recommended	70.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Naotaku/	I can't believe how many negative reviews this game is getting on here. This is my GOTY.It's not perfect, but nothing ever is. The difficulty is somewhat inconsistent, and it can get brutally hard. RNG is your greatest enemy here, as you can miss even the most perfectly lined up shots... like in XCOM 2. And enemies can land a very unfortunate head shot, just like in... um XCOM 2 :) But difficutly is part of the fun. Keep calm and reload last save.
Johan	Not Recommended	7.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197961292249/	I was a kickstarter backer for Battletech, and I love the universe. So it's a shame the game simply isn't that fun.The Good+ An authentic Battletech feel+ Great universe+ Good graphicsThe Bad- Everything feels slow, sluggish - every action takes too long, every menu has a delay- The game plays like a bad Free To Play game: tons of grinding, slow progression, and tons of waiting around. I was almost expecting a pop-up for me to pay 5 real dollars to the developer to get a new mech or to heal an injured pilot faster.- The game is more about risk avoidance and Excel finance calculations than winning wars or enjoying a storyThe Ugly- Random lagging on a GTX 1080 with 32 gigs of ram. No lagging on Far Cry 5 maxed out......
darren	Not Recommended	164.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198013691222/	I would love to say yes and there are some good things in the game but.1:you've got room for 16 pilots and 30 odd mechs but you can only field a single lance.that lance is realy limited early on to a mix of lights and mediums,and realy early on you are going up against mediums and heavy's so your well out gunned.(If you could field 3 lances in mech commander why not now)2.the vehicles early on are on par with the board game, again go forward 3 campain missions and they have as much or more surviabilty as a mech.strikers are not supposed to have a load of armour as they wouldn't be able to move and it shouldn't take 2 alpha strikes from a vindicator to kill one.3.1 lance vs 2 and some vehicles you will win if they are lights and split up.youre still going to get hurt.the game however is realy imbalanced.so it's 2 lances of mediums and above = most mech destroyed or crippled and pilots dead.4.how come the computer will hit you 90% of the time even when they have been knocked over and just stood up,also if a mech has taken a pounding how come the pilot does not eject.if you have moral to contend with then the comp should too.also if a mech is on the floor how hard is it to put a ppc up to the cockpit and pull the trigger.5.being broke.you will not be able to earn enough to off set the damage and destroyed equipment from missions this tags into points 2 and 3.6.load times,considering that most computers these days are vastly more powerful and that this game is turn based not rts ther's no reason for them to be so long.7.aquiring new mechs from salvage.regardless of what varient the chasis is still the same so why can you not rebuild a basic desighn,also since you will be broke or about to go broke you are not alowed to sell partial mechs and you do not get even a smidjin of what they are worth. that includes full rebuilt units.8 missions and terrain.the terain is very samey and bland i don't know how hard it would be to randomise the terrain or the odd jungle would be nice.as for missions if they paid the right amount and if some of them where multi missions then no worrie's so long as this massive imbalace was corrected.9 you should not end up with a campaingn mission that requires a queen sacrifice to complete.there by totaly trashing any chance of building said company.SO HAS A LOT OF POTENTIAL AND COULD BECOME THE GAME WE HAVE WAITED FOR BUT AS IT IS  WELL SHORT
Ninth Prophet	Not Recommended	74.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/133715F41L/	Once you have a grasp on it, the gameplay is already stale, and many of the mechanics seem arbitrary, rather than adding to the experience. You wait for things to happen and manage a bunch of timers, then fight repetitive battles and watch as entire weight classes of mech become obsolete - along with the pilots you specialized for them.Overall, a skeleton of what could be a great game - but currently devoid of what makes Battletech interesting in the first place.
Raygne	Recommended	43.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Raygne/	Great game so far.  It plays very much like the new Xcom games but with giant robots.  There is much more depth that comes later as you progress through the story.  It can be a little bit overwhelming if you don't know much about the Battletech universe but you will get used to it.  So far, the story has been great.  I'm sure they will tweak things and they have plans to expand on the game eventually.
Jambatti	Not Recommended	45.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jambat21/	Battletech = solid TBS tactics game, with some RPG elements. Also has mechs. I enjoy playing it and recommend it."Then why negative review?", you might wonder.....Because this game had so much potential, that was wasted to satisfy "target audience". Better explain trough listing main pros and cons of this game:Pros:-In-depth complex universe-Tactical battles are tactical-Micromanagement (space mercenary life is not easy)-Game progression encourages mercenary behaviour-Very smart enemy AI that appear to adapt to player actions-Music is not anything unique, but it suits the atmosphere wellCons:-Linearity. Your choice doesn't matter-Main story, not only linear, but also bad and cliche-Generic MechWarrios. Yes, no personalities for your lance members. Overall RPG part is done awful and, for me this "generic everything" is the main dissapointment in this game.-Mech customisation is one big lie/scam - you may feel like you can customise you mechs, but in fact you are very limited in that way - hello module slot fixation (and you can't change module type on mech or design your own mech).-Has big open world but no reason to do anything except main story missions - contracts are generic, and pay is not worth taking them in 90% of cases. And there is nothing else to do.-Lots of bugs, performance issues and unfinished features.Verdict: This game had potential to become a live classic of mecha games, but instead it is another kickstarter crap aimed to take money on hype of old school gamers and BT universe fans. You may say that "give them time to improve", but it will not improve. "Keep believing". You have been swindled, guys.8/10 worth getting on sale  - pay full price worth only if you are a die-hard fan of this universe.
WhiteWolf	Not Recommended	121.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198117345515/	I like the game. If there would be a "neutral" recomendation on Steam, I would pick it. I spent over 100h, so I feel a negative review is a bit unjust from my side. Nevertheless.. Pros- Combat: I find the combat quite interesting- MECH  arsenal: You have a lot of MECHs at your disposal. And decent build options - trade firepower for armor and viceversa for each MECH- Character creationNeutral- Story : Nothing particullary interesting but not horryble. - Big MAP: A lot of worls to explore. Sadly there is no notable difference between them. With the exception of the faction they represent and maybe environment there is nothing added. - PvP: It's decent. I had my share of fun. But it's hard to find agame; there is no penalty for someone leaving in the middle; there is scoring ; balance so you can get matched up again a veratan or a rookie. But you have - I feel - a resonable amount of combinations you can try out. Cons- Balance: Needs an overhaul. Some types of weapons are cleary more powerfull - which renders 80% of the available content useless; same stategy is always the best irrelevant of mission, enemy type or even your squad composition. - Mission types: All missions are the same. Although they have different "objective" - so to say - there is no difference whatsoever in squad composition, approach or even end goal. All missions are: Kill all enemies and ocassionaly move a mech to X location. - DIfficulty: The game doesn't have difficulty options. And the base it's a cakewalk. It takes quite a bit of time to finish the game but if you understand the basics, it's impossible to lose. I tried to use mods / play "ironman" style...etc. It's still a cakewalk. Thus 0 replayability once you finish the campaingn. - Animation: You move a MECH - you get the animation. While that is nice for immersiveness at start; it becomes annoying watching it over and over again. God forbid you go to an escort mission. You will litreally wait 20 seconds each time your ally moves his escort. I spent 5 minutes with no enemies on map just moving with the escort to extraction. For half the current price, I would recommend it. Maybe wait for discount or more content ...
Sapphire_Ed	Recommended	315.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Mopar63/	Three plus hours in and I am loving this. Has filled my lore need for a Battletech game. Game play is fun and has been stable. Take negative reviews with a grain of salt. Most are complaining about minor issues that do not effect the game play.This game is not for everyone, you need to understand this is a long and slow game. Take your time and it is amazing.Not perfect however, 21:9 support is poor at best. There are work arounds and the devs said it would be fixed post launch. Still we should no longer see 21:( support issues in new launchs. Overall great game and worth buying. I can say I hope they make a lot of DLCs for this, has potential for long term playability. 
Sk8tr Rake	Not Recommended	50.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198213678415/	I would love to give this game a good review. Ive been a Battletech Fan since 1987, have a huge collection of the Tabletop Books, Miniatures, Comics, Cartoons, Novels, and Video Games.Lets start with the game in General:Combat Animations are slow and clunky...camera is annoying.'Mechs are decent...disappointing that the "Unseen" were left out after being announced...but Harmony Gold has been pulling this stuff since forever...so kinda expected.Story is rather pathetic at best. Youre a mercenary, you should be allowed to act like one. If I want to work for the "Bad Guys", I should be allowed. The rather Linear story just breaks immersion.It has potential, if the company fixes it and breaks away from its insertion of political garbage.Now lets talk about the political garbage.Im not talking about tossing the "They" pronoun into character creation. I personally could care less, its never been used before in any Battletech work...but whatever. No the other problems Im pretty sure stem from just one person at Harebrained.Blue Hair, again that wasnt a big issue...canonically some mechwarriors have done the dyed hair.Now that Ive put the non-issues (To me at least), lets hit the major issues. Blonde Hair...You cannot make a Northern European of Scadanavian/Germanic stock with Blonde hair. At best you can have maybe dirty blonde or frosted tips. Now this is where the blue-hair and the "they" pronoun irritate so many. You can make a Blue-Haired, Female Faced, "They" with a Beard...but you cant make a Blonde Haired, Blue-Eyed, Caucasian Character.  Besides the obvious fact that if you couldnt make a brown skin character and the resulting whine that would create, why is this important. Well one of the Major Houses (House Steiner), are Germanic/Nordic with the Bright/Pale Blonde hair...so, youve just made on group in the Universe, a canonical House since Battletechs creation, not playable. But its not just the Steiners, its also: Grayson Carlyle (mentioned in the game), Aleksandr Kerensky (All you clan fans should know that name), The Ghost Bears Jorgensson Bloodline, amongst many others.  Supposedly this was a mistke/oversight...so basically the creator of the Battletech Universe, forgot one of the Houses he created were Germanic Blondes...or perhaps it goes to the fact that theyre attempting to put in a specific political slant(and if youve seen a few of the devs, youd know exactly what Im talking about)In the Games story their are no Caucasian People...You can hire caucasian mechwarriors (but honestly theyre easily interchangable), and a few times in story missions you might have a pop-up of the villain being caucasian...but in the Central Plot...none. Your ships crew (besides your character if youve made him so), are all various minorities. The main villain is Hispanic, the Princess is Hawaiian (apparently for those of you wishing to argue that all ethnic groups would be mixed, apparently not hawaiians), and your "mentor" is what appears to be Maori (apparently pacific islander genetics arent diluted...hmm)...but not one caucasian.  Again...mistake/oversight...or politically correct racism...Espinoza is an obvious attempt to lambast Trump. Even his speeches are reminiscent of Trumps...sorry if making your sector of space great again offends, considering EVERY other canon realm in Battletech is Nationalistic in the extreme, but shhhhh....dont want to offend.The heavyhanded banning of players who asked about the Blonde Hair issue within the first few days, while allowing the "they" loving crowd to harass those who questioned these issues again points to a biased slant from the mods.If they work to fix both gameplay issues, and get rid of obvious political bias...might be worth it.(I wanna see them bring in the clans and toss in a "they" or transgender option for them...I really wanna see that explained.) 
GenSpaceCake	Not Recommended	59.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198005088923/	There's something wrong with this Battletech and I finally was able to understand what it is. In 2006 we had Company of Heroes RTS with destructible environments, shells bouncing off tanks, tanks slogging it out, which was a real struggle. Pulling your tank out of line of sight, trying to rescue or salvage tracked vehicles. Merciless AI which would push you all the way to your base with last ditch desperate counter offensives. It was frigging glorious.Since company of heroes, numerous games have achieved similar or more advanced gameplay (Men of Valor RTS). Why cant we have that with a turn based grid?Then came BattleField 2142, where mechs really felt like towering massive instruments of destruction. In proper hands, a single Mech can dominate the game against real players who throw everything at it.Those are fun experiences, something I've been looking forward to from this game. It does not deliver. Early on, the issues are not apparent, but as you start to face 65 ton+ heavy mechs, it becomes apparent that the AI is still horrible, it does not know what to do, just kinda shuffles around for 20 minutes as you whittle down that 1000+ armor to take down a heavy. There are 2 abilities - precision strike (aimed shot) and vigilance (defensive). Pilot skills are passive. No area missle strikes, no utility skills, no buffs. It's just miniatures moving on the board.Waiting to see how the mods would play out.
ducks060607	Recommended	225.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198213205080/	I want to start out by saying that I own over 100 games on steam and this is my first review. Lately there have been a lot of mixed reviews for this game and I think some of the negative reviews are unfounded.  Of course everyone is entitled to there opinion but I want to set the record straight. Battletech is an amazing game, having played over 200 hours this game is well worth its value. I am a huge fan of turn based tactical strategy games and have played various titles including X-Com and X-com 2. Battletech may not be as polished as those two games but it is getting close. The developers continue to work on this game and improve it. The Ironman mode with all the different difficulty modifiers allows for great customization to your gameplay. Recently I finished an Ironman mode campaign with the following settings; 5 peices of mech salvage required to build a new mech, slow xp progress for your mechwarriors, and if the center torso of your mech is destroyed, well no salvage. With these setting there were times where I had to stop and think whether or not I should eject my mechwarrior or try and risk a mech with critical center torso damage to try and get that crippling strike on an enemy. For those complaining about your 1 lance of mech vs 8 or 12 other mechs in 1 mission, learn some tactics and strategy, its missions like that keep it interesting.  The storyline isint half bad either.  Could this game be better then it currently is? Definitely.  This game is great if you like tough tactical games and bad♥♥♥♥♥mechs blowing the crap out of each other.  Basically buy this game if you like the battletech universe and if you like tactical turn based games.
Tasker 2016	Not Recommended	31.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/buffbutlernomonitor/	This game is not very good.  I would say that after a significant amount of play time, I agree with the complaints that the game was dumbed down too far from even the fairly simple board game that it is based on.  Put your mechs in the cover squares and use precision shot to blow the legs or CT off of the enemy mech that's the most dangerous to you right now.  Rinse and repeat.Poor performance, bugs (the reinforcement bug, disappearing mechs, disappearing save game files, etc.), crashing, are all problems at release.    Animation / wait times are too long (and YES, I turned off all the cinematic cameras), load times are too long for a game that's pretty simple in terms of assets, lack of widescreen support, constant nag popups in the company management portion, etc.Gameplay problems:  Pilot injuries on any tap damage to a mech's head armor is absolutely silly.  Most of the maps are pretty limited and exacerbate the flaws of the tactical combat.  You can't shut down your mech manually, the melee is disappointingly simple compared to the tabletop, and the lack of torso twisting is perplexing.   I could continue, but I quite literally ran out of space with this review.Other issues, such as the terrible character creation options (I'm thinking specifically of natural human hair colors not even being options, no basic 'neutral' facial expression for the character heads, etc) and lack of some expected multiplayer features are disappointing, but not huge issues for me.I wanted to like this game, but the truth is that it is not good.  I also can't recommend this game because HBS was completely unethical in dealing with some backers.  Specifically, Harebrained Schemes accepted a Kickstarter pledge that included a backer created Mechwarrior, then reneged on including the character in the game, and would not provide any explanation for why the character was pulled, and is now giving that backer the complete run-around.  I guess we can say that at least they live up to their name.If you want to play a good light tactics game, play XCOM2.  If you want to play a really good light tactics game, play Xenonauts.  If you absolutely need mechs, go dig up a copy of MechCommander Gold.  It's real time, but at least it's actually good.Incredibly, there are actually people who think this game has good, interesting gameplay.  I don't know what to say or how to respond to those people.  Play Into the Breach -- a simple tactics game -- and be amazed that it's still significantly more interesting and thoughtful than this game's "focus fire the most dangerous mech that walked into weapons range" gameplay loop.
Ruiner	Recommended	51.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Destruct84/	Do you like XCOM? Do you like Mechs? If so, get this game.
Deebo	Recommended	21.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198003020032/	This game is good. It isn't as good as I'd like it to be, but it's got lots of potential that I hope becomes realized.The thing is, the gameplay, strategy, tactics, mech management - That's all great. The game is bogged down by weird little peccadillos that make you stop and say "Come on!"First, the graphics aren't great. They're fine - they just look a little muddy. And the sense of scale is a little strange - when zoomed out to the point where you're able to see the battlefield, all of the detail on the mechs is totally lost, to the point where it looks like your blob is shooting laser beams at the other blob. The Dynamic Camera serves to temper this a bit, but this camera adds to the game's other glaring issue - the pacing.The battles in this game are very slow, mainly because so much time is spent waiting between actions for an animation to finish or a line of dialog to be spoken. So a turn goes Select Action -> "Yes Sir!" (3 seconds wait) -> Watch action executed (5 seconds) -> "Got him sir! He'll feel that one in the morning!" (5 Seconds) -> Select Next action -> RepeatThis leads to a very stop-and-go experience while playing the game. This is definitely my biggest issue with the game - It never really lets you get into a groove. I think that the objective of a great turn based tactics game like this is to make it FEEL like it's happening in real time (X-Com does a great job of this, I think), but this game ends up feeling too jilted to feel "real." The thing is - This could very easily be fixed with a patch. Just speed things up just a tad to decrease the time between actions and the game would be golden, and I trust that the developers see that too.Do I recommend this game? Yes! If I had to put a number on it, I'd give it a 7 as it is. If they cleaned it up a little bit here and there, I think that after a patch or two it could easily be a 9. If you love strategy, tactics, Battletech, robots, or all of the above, you'll probably have a great time. Just know that it won't be as great as it could be. 
4Dwarves	Recommended	44.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/GOOOOOBER/	Excellent game that emulates the tabletop perfectly. Have yet to play multiplayer skirmish but the single player gets really brutal really quick. Bonus points if you can keep Dekker alive on your playthrough.
dragoon130	Recommended	30.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197996158738/	It is literally the game that spawned the Mechwarrior franchise taken from the Tabletop to a RTS. What's not to love?
kennethsw	Recommended	151.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198014103119/	Kickstarter backer and longtime fan here.First let may say I am sorry for the people who are having technical issues with the game.Fortunatly many including myself are not - 13hrs in ( I do not have as many free hrs to play each day as I would like )The game has performed flawlessly for me.I am a big fan of turnbased games - The Civ series has always been my favorite - plus many RPG games - never been any good at realtime.  I find the story compelling and the combat nailbiting. After the first capture the Argo mission I was overconfident and walked my lance into a trap - One mech shot to pieces and knocked down forced to eject my other 3 mechs badly damaged my commander's mech was cored and put him in med bay for 127 days. I was forced to withdraw from the battle to save what was left. It wa a Bad faith withdrawl with no objectives completed so no pay.  All my mechs badly damages All my pilots wounded.I was forced to let to months pass while I repaired and healed - still forced to hire anouther pilot to get 4 functional Days from bankruptcy launch a desperate misson for Cbills with what I have 2 lights 2 meds       THINGS GOT REALLY FUN!!!! So after a lot of desperate missions I am finally ready to try the next campaign mission.  YES I very much recomend this game. Perhaps you will feel better waiting for a few patches thats fine too.
CthulhuCollector	Recommended	205.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198060235582/	I like it I think it captures the spirit of the table top version I played very well.      It could be faster both with load times ect.  But its still  a hell of a lot faster than any of my table top games went.
Bullet Sponge	Recommended	50.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/bulletsponge51/	You can stomp on robots in your giant stompy robot.But seriously it is a great game. Satisfying combat with tactical depth, good challenge and pacing, Great visuals and sound.
PropagandaWarMachine	Recommended	116.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198022740114/	Having a blast with this game. I see the hate, the hate is misguided. Other than load times it's good tacticle fun.
Elethio - Pixeljudge.com	Recommended	122.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197998182186/	Product received for free
rdwindsor	Recommended	55.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197965136802/	So in all, a decent game and worth a slightly lower price tag which I bought it ($30). The game is very much like XCOM series with turn based strategic combat, building mechs, etc. All the stuff they talk about in the game description that doesn't require reiteration.The good:1. It stays very true to the boardgame version, very nostalgic2. The ship upgrade system is a nice touch3. Customizing your machines to playstyle and efficiency is immensely enjoyable4. Death from above and brawling is very cool (but DFA kind of sux since you lose stability+take damage when you do it).The bad:1. The big issue I have is the lack of visual confirmation of mech customization. In XCOM, if I upgrade my armor my soldier both in home base and in the field wears that armor. If I give them a gun or an accessory, you see it. If I put on camo or a different hat, it shows up. The mechs all have a default skin no matter how you outfit them (only thing you can do is change the paint job). I wouldnt think it difficult to add in a barrel sticking out of a torso slot, or a PPC icon attached to an arm instead of an AC20. Not only does it rob you of the feel of 'your mech' but it makes skirmishing difficult to see visually which mechs are turtles, which boast heavy weapons, where the weapons are loaded for called shots, etc.2. The game is rough and needs a lot of fine tuning and attention to detail. Cut scenes are just a picture and some OK voice acting (these days its reasonable to expect an actual scene in the campaign). Repeated voice packs for mech warriors. Random events happen before they should, three mech bays visible on the first dropship that you cant upgrade to activate the other bays, stuff like that.3. The plot is somewhat dull. A beautiful, kind heir overthrown by the betraying evil uncle and his more-evil daughter, the mentor who sacrifices himself for your escape, blah blah blah.4. The opportunity for real growth in the later stages (SDLC tech) doesnt feel like much of an upgrade at all, especially when the SDLC weapons are not rareified (the +, ++ versions are in some cases better). Assault mechs difficult to obtain even in later stages and higher difficulty missions.5. The balance issues of the original tabletop game persist due to the devs keeping true to its function. A medium laser is 1 ton and does 25 damage. A large laser does 50 (I think) and weighs 7 tons, making the DPS-to-tonnage ratios way off. LRMs still feel very underpowered compared to less-tonnage SRMs. Difficult to execute some strategies like a scout getting locks and ducking behind cover while LRMs pound from distance (scout gets crushed due to initiative system, enemies close on arty LRM units too fast, solo melee is a death sentence due to rear armor, etc).Overall though the game is still very enjoyable, especially if you played the tabletop version. With some effort on updates, deeper content (SDLC, more weapon variation, some balancing issues) and better cut scenes the game could be magnificent.
4Dwarves	Recommended	44.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/GOOOOOBER/	Excellent game that emulates the tabletop perfectly. Have yet to play multiplayer skirmish but the single player gets really brutal really quick. Bonus points if you can keep Dekker alive on your playthrough.
Look at me I'm an eagle!	Recommended	28.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197970319938/	There's a lot to like here, and it's apparent from the very first mission. The in-mission tactical combat is deep, but takes a very different approach than something like the modern X-Com games. The pacing is slower, and units can take a beating before going down. Luck plays into it, and not getting shot is obviously better than taking an alpha strike to the face, but it's not as punishing when the RNG skews out of your favor than in X-Com. This leads you to think longer term, where taking some damage this turn can pay off in future turns due to overall positioning of your lance. It gives the game a very different pacing and feel, and it's a nice change of pace for those of us who have been playing XC a ton in recent years.The 2D, painted story and cinematic sequences are gorgeous. The style reminds me a lot of Craig Mullins' work (look him up!) in the best possible way, and the voice acting is reasonably solid all around. The story pulls from a lot of Battletech Inner Sphere lore, and if you're like me and have been poring over the history of this universe since the early 90s, you'll be very pleased! Even if you've never played any Battletech game, you'll catch up pretty quickly -- intergalactic politics paired with giant killer robots is an easy thing to get into.Big thumbs up, all around. I'm looking forward to many more hours of playing!
zatoichi8086	Recommended	53.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/zatoichi8086/	This game starts off rather slow, but is rather rewarding once you get the hang of it. Have not tried multi-player yet, but the campaign is a blast so far. ++good.
Elethio - Pixeljudge.com	Recommended	122.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197998182186/	Product received for free
masterom2000	Not Recommended	12.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198024082229/	I figured for $40 I can't complain, but it seems so.  The downtime between missions can be staggering and not because of bad choices, but becasue of RNG.  The AI is not that smart and they don't follow the same rules.   If they move up and then become hidden again, I can't target them with LRMs anymore, while as long as combat has started, no matter if you are completely hidden with zero line of sight from ANY enemy unit they can continuosly send LRMS that way by just creeping barely in range.  Having ANY chance to miss turrent generators and giant Doors when you are within weapon range.  How do you miss a non moving target with a M Laser at machine gun range? Pilots boil down to a bunch of clones, since you will get head shot about 15 times a mission and the lack of any real skill diversity makes that worse.  That and nobody likes Inner Sphere, it's all about Clan mechs.   So good things since I just dropped the bad.  I like the building up of your lance over time, having to scrap and scrape to keep going since you should be punished for reckless decisions.  The actual Mechs are 90% of the customizaion in this game and it's fun, as much as I want the pilots to have some sort of depth vs Scout clone 1, scout clone 2 etc.  Story seems nice, though due to how common head shots are I have to wait 30 days to get any of my crew back to make progress.  Overall it's good, I just hope it's not one of those $40 games that aren't done until the DLC shows up.
Bullet Sponge	Recommended	50.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/bulletsponge51/	You can stomp on robots in your giant stompy robot.But seriously it is a great game. Satisfying combat with tactical depth, good challenge and pacing, Great visuals and sound.
Rask Vann	Recommended	18.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/RaskVann/	If you dislike any of the following, this isn't the game for you: X-Com Combat, Slow Combat, Managment Games.The game probably could have used a bit more polish, the cinematic exchanging of fire frequently will have you staring at a wall instead of the battle going on. However the AI is good and will frequently punish you for doing stupid things and they hold your hand through essential things like recommended mech loadouts.The game is best enjoyed if you're already familiar with the mechwarrior/battletech games since the tutorial is a bit short and doesn't explore all of the mechanics before dropping you in the world. However I would say the early game is remarkably easy in order to compensate.  Especially since the game ends in a permanant loss if you run out of cash between missions (although there is nothing stopping you from save scumming to a earlier point).The game improves X-Com combat by including far more guns with far more power and allowing a lot more room for error (losing a arm is a lot more forgiving then losing a squad-mate). The game is very faithful to it's source material and is a great mech game. This won't be a game for everyone but anyone looking for careful slugging match between giant machines will find a game they enjoy here.
PropagandaWarMachine	Recommended	116.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198022740114/	Having a blast with this game. I see the hate, the hate is misguided. Other than load times it's good tacticle fun.
darkoracle	Recommended	84.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/darkoracle/	It's so awesome, thank God for HBS and Paradox.
darkoracle	Recommended	84.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/darkoracle/	It's so awesome, thank God for HBS and Paradox.
Darrow au Andromedus	Recommended	10.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Mckical15/	Ignore the idiots who are upset about the option for a Nonbinary character, Battletech is a solid game that brings the feel of the boardgame to PC. The variety of "mechs available is a bit lacking but overall still good, however I hope they add more 'Mechs at some point.
MambaRanger	Recommended	95.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/MambaRanger/	Floyd W. Davis IIYesterday at 6:08pmJust signed for a near cool million dollar contract with no salvage priority before the next big story mission...a merc lance hunting mission...cool i say as i repair my mercs..Upon taking the first 2 turns reaching the spot as im warned they're a veteran outfit...I spot a Orion...first time seeing one.Immediately in panic mode as the other two mechs spotted are revealed to be also orions...#helpmelol i think...instant panic mode triggers cause the mission is an instant make or break scenario.Each orion was targetted and ealt with the same way upon their appearance on radar:Medusa in trecbuchet would barrage with the lrm15s to create unsteady. Follow it immediately up with dekker in a centurion with its mixed arms full barage..knockdown. Followed that with glitch in a vindicator and behemoth in a shadowhawk going called shots on center torso. The other two would follow suit when i had the chance.Took down one and was en route to knocking the second down when dekker was reduced to 1 health, lost the right arm and was knockdown. I freaked..checked it was the least useful..i had a full turn to prevent the loss of dekker and still handle the other two.Rinse and repeat til i was able to get dekker up and dodge death twice but i defeated the other two. Sadly their scraps were not awarded to me, but i was more happy my lance came back alive.Literally if it wasn't for unit experience and a trebuchet mech i would have bailed lol10/10 Would risk it for the biscuit
Mackin Cheese	Recommended	16.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/nkornek/	When I picked this up I expected it to just be XCOM with big robots, and while I feel like this game owes a lot to the refinements that series made Battletech very much feels like its own thing.Combat is tense and smart tactics are rewarded, but you never feel like your troups are completely safe. Battletech greatly succeeds at conveying its story of people just barely keeping things together through both its story and gameplay in a way that few other games have.I also want to commend the devs on the efforts that they made towards inclusivity. Having such a diverse cast of characters as well as pronoun selection for your own character isn't just refreshing to see, it's honestly a more accurate representation of where humanity is headed in the future.
Thaar	Recommended	71.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198007181046/	In short, this game is everything a battletech game should be: - Turn based for deeper strategic feeling.Errors cost money (mechs to repair) and your best pilots in medbay for several days.Your merc company have to be well managed or you risk (easily) bankrupcy.Mechs are hard to obtain in game so you have to keep using not so good ones, which makes the game harder but more rewarding.I really recommend this game to anyone who enjoys battletech, but also to anyone who likes strategic games and a challenge.P.S. - really waiting on the expansions. There's so much to look up to in battletech lore! 
Bubbasan	Recommended	175.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198143452621/	This game is the perfect combonation of intellectual granular tactical strategy, and concussive barbaric violence.
Stimpyx	Recommended	37.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197964304117/	The first mission is bad.Give this game a chance though.After the 3-4th mission you'll be hooked. It's actually really really good.
knocks	Recommended	28.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/knocks-/	It’s BattleTech on the PC, thankfully not butchered in the process.
maethlin	Recommended	116.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/maethlin/	Even RPS took back their initial "meh" review and said it's a very good game. I agree!Don't believe the haters, but also don't bother with this game if you don't like thinking things out or reading or real strategy. This is (obviously) not for the twitch-gamer/FPS crowd.What it does offer is a very deep and nuanced gameplay experience with all the customizability, flavor, and tactics you would expect from a Battletech/Mechwarrior game.It is clearly crafted with love, and while you are not obligated to read all the little flavor-text via mouse-hover, it really adds so much flavor to the game due to the very rich world lore. Hats off to Harebrained for still creating such an amazing game in this day and age. I hope for a dozen more sequels in the future.
Deebo	Recommended	21.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198003020032/	This game is good. It isn't as good as I'd like it to be, but it's got lots of potential that I hope becomes realized.The thing is, the gameplay, strategy, tactics, mech management - That's all great. The game is bogged down by weird little peccadillos that make you stop and say "Come on!"First, the graphics aren't great. They're fine - they just look a little muddy. And the sense of scale is a little strange - when zoomed out to the point where you're able to see the battlefield, all of the detail on the mechs is totally lost, to the point where it looks like your blob is shooting laser beams at the other blob. The Dynamic Camera serves to temper this a bit, but this camera adds to the game's other glaring issue - the pacing.The battles in this game are very slow, mainly because so much time is spent waiting between actions for an animation to finish or a line of dialog to be spoken. So a turn goes Select Action -> "Yes Sir!" (3 seconds wait) -> Watch action executed (5 seconds) -> "Got him sir! He'll feel that one in the morning!" (5 Seconds) -> Select Next action -> RepeatThis leads to a very stop-and-go experience while playing the game. This is definitely my biggest issue with the game - It never really lets you get into a groove. I think that the objective of a great turn based tactics game like this is to make it FEEL like it's happening in real time (X-Com does a great job of this, I think), but this game ends up feeling too jilted to feel "real." The thing is - This could very easily be fixed with a patch. Just speed things up just a tad to decrease the time between actions and the game would be golden, and I trust that the developers see that too.Do I recommend this game? Yes! If I had to put a number on it, I'd give it a 7 as it is. If they cleaned it up a little bit here and there, I think that after a patch or two it could easily be a 9. If you love strategy, tactics, Battletech, robots, or all of the above, you'll probably have a great time. Just know that it won't be as great as it could be. 
dragoon130	Recommended	30.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197996158738/	It is literally the game that spawned the Mechwarrior franchise taken from the Tabletop to a RTS. What's not to love?
TastyMints	Not Recommended	29.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TastyMints/	Backed kickstarter from Day 1. Very irritated with this game's bugs and inconsistent mission design. HBS talked about running a mercenary company making intelligent decisions and trying to mitigate losses. This game doesn't provide that experience. Difficulty measurements, rewards, and mission types have absolutely zero reasoning to them and sometimes flat out lie about the forces involved in them. Performance issues and serious bugs with AI targeting and combat behavior make combat irritating at best. Tactical decision-making boils down to baiting enemies to come to you and destroying them one at a time because the whole map aggros at once. Wait for a patch unless you REALLY want a turn based mech tactics game.
jackie_re05	Not Recommended	43.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198130099005/	Although the gameplay itself is quite fun, this game has some serious balancing and performance issue that completely ruins the fun.Not recommanded at the moment.
v4r23	Recommended	94.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/v4r23/	Ever since childhood playing the table top game I’ve been waiting for a simulator that did the game justice. It’s finally here and I’m thrilled. Gameplay is a blast. The story is great. I’m looking forward to improvements and expansions.
Ryxc	Recommended	11.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Ryanxcaveman/	Is the game perfect? No. Is the game fun? Yes.
shadowpanther	Recommended	278.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198069686300/	so 116 hrs on record and counting , that's 116 hrs of joy overall the quality and design of the game is great, small touches like the onboard ship coms banter bring this game closer to being immersive than anything else i have playedmaking it fit into the huge amount of previously published battle-tech lore and legend allows those people that already follow or wish to explore further the battle-tech universe  many optionsThe biggest thing I find as a plus is that the AI seems to use the same rules as the player for all the in combat actions with out some kind of bias that other publishers tend to use. I have found no environmental terrain, map or object issues as of yet I have had one crash to desktopand i have seen the enemy take more than one go in a turn in the single player mode ( yes i mean the dam thing shot me moved shot me again) over all i would have to say that the quality of the game is great and the few minor issues i have found do little to dissuade me form giving this game my very rare and wholehearted recommendationwell done to HBS and i look forward to where this goes next
ArchangelX	Recommended	56.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ArchangelX/	Wow. I am LOVING THIS GAME.  It's perfect. I played Battletech as a kid, and this is absolutely my jam. Great job and I can't believe how well this has shaped up. I love all the cool details as well, including the crew chatter.  It can get a little overwhelming later, but one thing I've learned is that back shots are what will save you later on when it gets stonkin' ridiculous.Great stuff, highly recommended!
Tyrranus	Recommended	63.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198116745143/	This game manages to capture the feel of the BattleTech universe and tabletop game amazingly well. The rules are a bit modified from what tabletop players will know but they are similar enough you won't be lost. Players new to this IP might find the game slow, it is a slugging match between you and your opponents. The BattleMechs of this universe are slow waddling tanks, not anime styled gymnastic bots zipping about at light speeds. You hammer your opponent, then watch them hammer you in return. There are some options to mitigate the time slog, but it could still be a bit much for people used to quick action/reaction styled games. As a turn based strategy, this game does away with a lot of XCOM-ish standards, thus helping it stand out in the genre. There is plenty of depth for even the most hardcore gamer here, managing you heat, ammo, armor, speed, cover, evasion, and pilot skills.The story is well written, and adds an interesting new element to a familiar age for BattleTech fans, that also allows those new to this universe to ease into its rich lore without feeling lost. The plot doesn't try to be very original or innovative, but uses a tried and true formula to tell a good, solid, story. TL:DRFor BattleTech fans, must have.For Turn Based Strategy fans, must have.Combat pace can feel really really slow, and options to mitigate that are only partially successful
Viratin	Recommended	93.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198061957737/	Okay, let's just start off with the price: $40.Every other game of major-league quality that comes to the market these days seems stuck on the $60 price point. Here now we have a game that was developed in a way that the developers could afford to put a $40 price tag on it and still profit. Playing the game, however, I never have a moment of feeling like I paid for less than a major league title game. I've put in 60+ hours of gameplay in the last five days, and I can tell even now that I'll replay this game at least once more in a few months.The graphics are about what one would expect of a turn-based strategy game. It's nothing ground-breaking, but that's quite alright! It runs very smoothly and looks good. The 'Mechs move in a very natural way, which helps greatly towards the emersion of the game. The cut scenes are simplistic, involving either sill-shot scenes or a simple model animation of your crew speaking together. All the above helps to keep the cost of this game down, but doesn't detract from the gameplay a bit. Speaking of the gameplay, fantastic. The actual design of the gameplay is well done. The designers took the inspiration from the BATTLETECH miniatures game and copied it over to this game. The minis game has a great amount of detail and rules to follow, more than most people can handle. In video game format, however, it works very fluidly. And the game helps you by making it so you can hover-over and right-click most things in the game and you'll be provided a text bubble with more information on whatever you click, whether it's the story's lore, gameplay mechanics, or statistics on mechs. That bit allows the game makers to bypass a heavy and long-winded tutorial on all this minutiae and instead allow you to grow and learn at your own pace.For those of you who are like me, who love loot and customizing, this game gives you everything you can want. Your mechs are highly customizable, and every new piece of gear you get gives you more options. Designing your 'Mech lance to fit your playstyle is a fundamental part of the game, and the designers hit it right on the head.It's also rare to have a game come to market so bug-free. The few friends I have who play the game have experienced one or two bugs, but all agree that this is very polished, especially in comparison to some titles of recent years. In the end, if you liked playing XCOM or enjoy the idea of massive robots duking it out with missiles, cannons and lasers, then this game is exactly what you are looking for. Oh, and if this game is on sale, you're a fool not to pick it up. Even at its full sticker price it's worth it, but at discount sale prices? Can't be beat.
Skeeve	Recommended	55.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/skeeve_sunshine/	Storytelling I fondly remember from shadowrun games, wonderful.Mech setup and battle system is deep, great.Some UI and performance issues, a bit annoying.Hopefully paradox will not mess up my new favorite game with DLC hell.  
spacecoyote77	Recommended	115.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197970870292/	I would absolutely recommend this game, but not to everyone I know. I enjoy the Xcom games, and I also like table top games. I never apprecaited the table top game Battletech for what it was when I was younger (I never played with the people I knew who did). This release is everything I hoped it would be. It can punish you for making mistakes on the battlefield. Just when I think the AI is predictable, it does something I was not expecting and forces me to change my strategy. This might not be a game for you if you are looking for quick rewards and instant gratification. You have to plan your moves both on and off the battlefield. The environments look great and the maps have been fun with the different terrain and features that you can use to your advantage (slamming an enemy on rough terrain with a volley of LRMs) or end up being a disadvantage (hot planets cause your mechs to overheat more often, making you really decide if that shot is worth it). The music is very well done and enjoyable to listen to. The other sounds in the game are also very nice (rockets and ACs).The story has been very good so far, but I have not gotten to far into it as I am just hunting contracts (flying system to system and picking up what I can before payday) so I do not run out of bills.I haven't written game reviews before, so I don't know what else to put in here. But, I think this game is worth it to a lot more than just fans of the table top game and Battletech universe. 
RhettMaster5	Recommended	69.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/FixTizzle/	Game is amazing, and lives up to my expectations. I'm not going to fill this review with a lot of fluff like pro's, con's etc..... If you love Battletech/Mechwarrior then pick this up. If you don't know what that is, pick this game up. You'll be addicted; I promise.
Skynet	Recommended	11.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197962078610/	The initial 3 missions (including the tutorial) felt uninspired since I had no choice in what to do in them, but then the real game unlocked with a semi-unpredictable campaign requiring crew, mech and mission/financial management. The core of the game, the turn based battles are decidedly awesome; combating opposing mechs and figuring out how to effectively destroy them with as small losses as possible to your own is great fun. AI doesn't seem too well tuned (engaging piecemal) but I've not reached the amount of playtime yet where that will be an issue for me.The bad: Performance is sluggish and the graphics can be muddy (a combination of design choices and the technical limitations of the Unity engine). Waiting for stuff to happen after clicking becomes frustrating over time - make sure you go into the settings and turn off cinematics that bother you, though.I didn't look at any prerelease material and thus played BATTLETECH with no prior knowledge except that which can be transferred from MechCommander. With said familiarity, I feel right at home in BATTLETECH.
Shard Obsidia	Recommended	81.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/saobsidia/	If you like XCOM and you like Battletech the board game, this is something in-between. I am really enjoying myself for what it is.Pros- Battletech- Customized Mech Loadouts- Sandbox campaign- Specialized pilots- Rogue-like- Turn-based Combat- Management of crew events and downtime is fun- Devs seem dedicated to patches, FLC, and DLC- 4 mechs deployed at once is balanced and good for a tactical consideration- Decent story- Satisfying destruction- RNG gives a fun level of tension to called shots when you most need themCons- Simplification of some aspects of the game (no melee weapons? Two damaged legs = mech dead? mechwarrior ejecting means always surviving and recovery of damaged mech)- Not enough feedback on some numbers (e.g. abstract graphs show heat sinking ability vs actual numbers)- Maps sometimes feel small (because turn-based makes movement across them slow)- Play long enough and you'll see the same maps again (I wish for procedural generated randomness like in XCOM 2)- Tutorial lacking (you'll need to fall back on forums for guides and tips)- AI can run around stupidly once in a whileNeutral- Can never field more than 4 mechs at once- vehicles seem to have more armor than they should- Will probably feel more fleshed out with future expansions- Good YouTube tutorial vids and tip vidsVerdict : Worth full price if you love XCOM and Battletech. Worth a slight sale if you're into Battletech. Worth a 50% sale if you're a turn-based fan and like robots.
Eminence Rain	Recommended	100.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/eminencerain/	Cons -There is definitely an optimization issue that still persists even to today. There are noticable hitches and sometimes several seconds when the game hangs while trying to load assets. Load time for missions are sometimes inefficiently long considering the maps and units isn't that big compared to many other modern games out there than have to load and render much greater content at higher quality graphics.  The technical aspects of engineering this game needs more work and is glaringly the greatest problem with the game.Pros -This game has a great story that you can totally buy into. The gameplay is deep and rewarding, although can be difficult early for those who jump in without studying the games mechanics. While the basic concept of robots shooting at each other is easy to learn, there are layers of nuances and details that must be mastered for you to be an efficient and profiteering mercenary. You can certainly win the battles without knowing what you're doing but it usually means taking unnecessary damage and losing money to upkeep your mercenary company - you can win the battle but you can lose the war because of unnecessary attrition. The game also have a deep level of customization as expected of a Battletech/Mechwarrior game - capturing and loading out new mechs with various configurations and then sending it out to the field to see how it performs is entertaining. You may  find yourself constantly tweaking your current configurations with different weapons and equipment to try out different tactics on the field. This leads to the constant hunt for different varients of mechs and mech body to come up with different ways to play or refine a specific tactics you prefer to use.Summary -Despite its technical problem, there is a gem that just needs more polish here. If you're willing to tolerate the technical issues, you'll find the depth of the game enjoyable. Otherwise I would suggest wait til they fix the performance issues and put in some quality of life improvements they have promised in the near future.
metalarms127	Recommended	54.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198029794566/	8-10 would buy again and will buy any dlc.Not sure about the negative comments this game is great! solid 8-10.fun game reminds me of mech commander gold use to love that game.1 bad thing about this game is  it turns your room into an oven i have a rx 580 8gb card and it runs at 82-83 degrees c constantly on this game i can play overwatch maxed out with 200% res and not hit those temps even pubg at ultra was at 80 degrees.i tried lowering a few settings to see if i could drop it any but it had no effect so <if you have an older gpu Watch out!> i can't imagine it would run well gl mech warriors.
Flip	Recommended	39.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198004686603/	In Short Summary - I have a love hate relationship with this game.  Fantastic, addictive gameplay, and this is from a person experiencing the battletech universe for the first time.  However, that is marrsed by terrible technical performance and a inexcusable lack of information provided to the player.  I was lucky I had a friend who had played before me and was able to give me pointers. - Great gameplay- Addictive TBS- Nice mech customization options- Fun stragetic layer (upgrading ship)- Decent crew level up system- TERRIBLE Load times, the worst I have ever seen.  It can take over a min to load a saved game. - Stuttering & freezing sometimes during gameplay- No skippable camera zoom when unit moves on occasion - this stops you from doing anything until it is finished.  Should be option to skip (there is in main menu but that removes all cinematics.  I like watching some of them). - Virtually no information given during tutorial. - Whacky mission difficulty scale.  2 Skull has me fighting several heavies and medium mechs.  4 skull had me fight 1 Heavy tank and several lights?  They need to fix this so skulls are more representive over what you will face. - Game makes a new save every time you save.  This is stupid, let us name and make our own saves instead of just automatically making a new everytime. Overall I recommend because the game is damn fun and additctive but make sure you have a crossword puzzle ready because you will be spending a LOT of time in loading screens.  
Zag	Recommended	133.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197961594990/	An extremely fun tactical combat game that provides a ton of depth outside of combat and immediately got me hooked on how to advance my team.Pros: +Tactical Combat+Customization+60+ hours of content easyCons: - Holy crap do they need to fine tune some settings. Delays between turns even with all cinematic settings off can take 10+ seconds sometimes- The more you load saves on bad RNG the worst the memory usage gets. After 2-3 loads I can hear my PC fans working overtime and after one nasty battle it just locked up after the 5th reload.- Convoy missions are trash.As of now it's still a positive but will be edited based on how they fix the major delay issues while the game calculates dmg.
Drewmëister	Recommended	51.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197980867401/	Great tatical game with Mechs.
Chan-Tzu Ti	Recommended	12.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/notmee/	This is an excellent game. Yes, apparently there are some (infrequent) crash issues, however with 7 hours played it crashed only once for me. I did notice the game does not run well on Mac OSX and a GTX680. That did surprise me a bit, as all the Shadowrun stuff runs great.However on Windows 10 with a GTX960 it runs great and looks very very good. I'm not entirely sure where the 'outdated graphics' complaints come from, but I'm going to assume it's from people who run on something closer in spec and age to a GTX680. The difference in visual effects is quite big. On top of that, there are always the naysayers when it comes to any game made with Unity which is a bit pathetic. In terms of gameplay this game has quite a lot of depth. It's not exactly the same as XCOM or XCOM2 in play style necessarily, however it absolutely has a similar if not deeper progression. It's turn-based mech action. You're in charge of a mercenary squad / company and managing all of that plays a big role. You can salvage / buy mech parts, weapons, new crew, upgrade skills etc. etc. This is where part of the game's depth is aside from the combat on the battlefield of course.Also has an interesting story and plenty of decisions to make in relation to that. Yes kind of Game of Thrones with Mechs indeed, which is just plain awesome.Anyway, I would suggest not to spoil it by watching streamers play this game, but rather jump in yourself. It's 100% worth it (yes, full price, the content and replayability is there) and we should expect fixes for any of the technical problems very shortly IMHO. I think maybe some optional missions are bugged out however some people (myself included) have barely any crashes (I literally had only once). 
Brian (The Schmaltzy Cynic)	Recommended	46.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Brian_Colfxire/	There are two frames of mind when it comes to Battletech. In some alternate universe, Battletech by Harebrained Studios never released because of a lawsuit by Harmony Gold, and that reality would deprive everyone an enriching experience beyond what anyone could imagine. However, there have been many moments throughout the absolute highs that nearly crushed my self-esteem as I spent hours relearning the many gameplay subtleties and reframing my Mech loadouts to barely come out on top. Words cannot convey the climactic culmination after fifty hours to assemble a four-man team of Assault Mechs obliterating all who oppose me. In all my years of gaming from Ironman runs of XCOM EU and 2 to CRPGs new and old, Battletech (2018) is the most formidable teacher I have ever encountered. Mistakes are not simply marks against the player’s errors; failure is the lesson and knowing how to make acceptable losses with net profits is the thrill of the adventure.Knowing How to Play, Truly, is Half the BattlePerhaps Battletech’s most damnable offense is how steep the learning curve can be to people with zero knowledge about the tabletop or the universe. There are several factors at work that will confuse newcomers because they can be easily overlooked, and there are far too many aspects not properly explained without experimentation. Preplanning missions with your squadron, reading the many important details when retrofitting your Mechs’ armaments as well as reading the combat UI are all the major challenges any diligent player must tackle first.Unlike other modern games, maturing as a MechWarrior in Battletech isn’t solely about learning the rulesets like 2nd Edition AD&D for Baldur’s Gate. Players also have to build an encyclopedia of the 57 Mechs along with the weaponry designations from AC2s to SRM20s if they wish to know what threats to prioritize. Sometimes the problem isn’t your ability to command or your MechWarriors’ skills but the Mech Squadron you selected as you may perform better with a Light Mech versus the heaviest units. In addition to these challenges, the HUD in combat and the retrofitting screens obscure many vital details due to their minimalistic design that players will often question if they themselves are at fault.Most of these details can be learned after the initial sensory overload subsides. For example, you may notice how line-of-sight arcs vary from straight lines (within range of all weapons) to curved arcs (salvos only). You may also pick up that Evasion is vital when you cannot hit those light Mechs without chipping away their “speed armor,” and you may also notice heavier mechs tend to forgo speed for guarding to take less damage (and less injuries). However, other pieces of information are behind several mouse clicks such as previewing hit chances at different locations, relocating armor distribution on Refit screens, or turning off-and-on weapons to multiple targets (or simpler things like how Morale in combat does NOT use Morale from the ship). There are far too many examples in total to account for every player, yet I imagine many players who get fed up with the difficulty never truly had the chance to understand what they did wrong in the first place. When everything does finally click and you are able to properly plan for a mission as well as coordinate your squadron with a flawless run against the odds in firepower or in numbers, the tactical and the customizable brilliance behind Battletech truly does shine as a strategy game more than as a new milestone for Harebrained Studios as a role-playing game. All Pay and No Stakes Makes Blackjack a Dull MechAlthough there is nothing wrong with creating a story-driven strategy game rather than a role-playing experience, it’s difficult not to see Battletech as a regression from Shadowrun Dragonfall. Expectations from past successes can be hard to justify, yet the main issues with Battletech’s replayability ultimately stem from their past glories. Dragonfall excelled at creating a non-linear, story-rich RPG about mercenaries with well-developed characters along with branching choices throughout. In contrast, Battletech is an aimless journey of randomized mercenary contracts with varying difficulty along with a surprisingly linear narrative focused solely on one well-developed character, Lady Amano. These priorities are not the only major differences, but they should illustrate Harebrained did not simply apply the Dragonfall framework to the Battletech universe. The biggest separation between Battletech’s roots as a RPG and as a strategy game starts out with its leveling-up system. In other games like Dragonfall, you choose a specialized role to build your characters around their strengths, and these stats may play a larger part in the narrative if you are proficient. MechWarriors are only specialists in one area, destruction, and rather than becoming adept in any one Mech class or an area of expertise these mercenaries are versatile with any Mech. Classes are non-existent, although special passive/active abilities do encourage specialist roles; instead, the plethora of Mechs are the only means to encourage variety. Every Mech is tailored for specific combat roles such as Brawler, Heat Generation, Sniper, Support, etc. with a limited amount of tonnage (weight) left over after the frameworks to balance armor, weapons and alternative systems like Heat Sinks and Jump Jets. Maintaining this balance is crucial not only for the advantage of stat bonuses but the uniqueness of every mech is what Battletech expects to carry the rest of the game. To my surprise, all Mechs manage to be useful throughout the entire game, even light mechs with enough armor can be useful despite their shortcomings, yet some early mechs become obsolete due to the squad size.All other components you would expect of a choice-driven strategy/RPG are otherwise toned down in Battletech. Backgrounds are flavor text with little alterations; choose-your-own screens are randomized benefits and setbacks; influences with major Houses don’t offer any unique missions or rewards, only discounts at stores; finance management is the only threat to fear; and none of your choices have any impact with Lady Amano or any members on the Arno. (The whole relationship between the player and Amano is inconsistent between cutscenes as she sometimes acts like she doesn’t know us in person.) Missions boil down to Battles (Assassination, Bounty Hunts Strike, Base Attacks), Convoys/Extraction and random skirmishes with the chance of reinforcements, and it’s only the story missions that attempt to shake up the formula. Even features I adore from strategy games such as permadeath, which omits your player character, can be too punishing because of how much of a time-sink the game is to simply complete. This homogenized, yet random, execution makes it difficult to become starry eyed once again after the campaign is over because restarting the game will yield little, if any, rewards of its own besides seeing what Mechs are thrown your way.Graveyards of Metal Debris Left for Another Profitable DaySometimes it’s the games I absolutely love that I spend more time talking about its flaws than I spend the time to praise its many achievements, and Battletech is no exception. There is a remarkable game unlike any I have ever played before to be found here, and this statement is said for all the right and the wrong reasons. Harebrained should be commended for another faithful rekindling of a forgotten franchise born out of their own passions with the source material, and I think any fan of Shadowrun or Battletech will be surprised with what they created. Unlike Shadowrun Returns, a faithful, if flawed, experience, Battletech manages to reinvigorate the series on firmer foundations among the carnage of burnt armored husks and craters of misfires along the battlefield.
(MNE) Motter	Recommended	108.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mottzaballz/	By far the best Battletech game I have played to date. Would recommend to anyone who is a fan of turn based stratagy games and management style games. Excellent pick up and worth every penny.
Wenatchee Willie	Recommended	117.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198006600106/	Simply fanatastic!!!   11/10From the ease of installation on my 5 year old gaming laptop, to the bug-free gameplay, the excellant soundtrack, and the immersive experience......if you are looking to enter the world of mechwarriors for the first time, or to rekindle your love for the big machines.....this is the game you surely don't want to miss. Salutes to HBS for bringing us the mech game we all wanted. 
Chan-Tzu Ti	Recommended	12.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/notmee/	This is an excellent game. Yes, apparently there are some (infrequent) crash issues, however with 7 hours played it crashed only once for me. I did notice the game does not run well on Mac OSX and a GTX680. That did surprise me a bit, as all the Shadowrun stuff runs great.However on Windows 10 with a GTX960 it runs great and looks very very good. I'm not entirely sure where the 'outdated graphics' complaints come from, but I'm going to assume it's from people who run on something closer in spec and age to a GTX680. The difference in visual effects is quite big. On top of that, there are always the naysayers when it comes to any game made with Unity which is a bit pathetic. In terms of gameplay this game has quite a lot of depth. It's not exactly the same as XCOM or XCOM2 in play style necessarily, however it absolutely has a similar if not deeper progression. It's turn-based mech action. You're in charge of a mercenary squad / company and managing all of that plays a big role. You can salvage / buy mech parts, weapons, new crew, upgrade skills etc. etc. This is where part of the game's depth is aside from the combat on the battlefield of course.Also has an interesting story and plenty of decisions to make in relation to that. Yes kind of Game of Thrones with Mechs indeed, which is just plain awesome.Anyway, I would suggest not to spoil it by watching streamers play this game, but rather jump in yourself. It's 100% worth it (yes, full price, the content and replayability is there) and we should expect fixes for any of the technical problems very shortly IMHO. I think maybe some optional missions are bugged out however some people (myself included) have barely any crashes (I literally had only once). 
hotjugsbev3	Recommended	77.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/wereseuss/	You can't make your mercenary commander look like Big Boss without mods.
000	Recommended	115.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/barryworks/	Pity there isn't a better rating system, but right out the gate this is a 7/10.I absolutely love the Battletech universe since the days of Mechwarrior 2/Mechcommander as a young kid.This game was a long time coming and HBSchemes deserved every cent I pledged since day one of Battletech announcement. However, I really did expect A LOT more in terms of QUALITY of the product. The release was pushed back several times.. and every reasonable fan of any franchise would take a delay over a broken game any day but the Quality and Stability of the game right now is really, really poor. I thought HBSchemes would be the kinda developer that would sit at the edge of their seats, ready to throw in a patch within the first week or so but there has been No Announcements so far. No updates regarding a polishing patch.I'm running a pretty high end pc and the game's loading times are INSANE. This is AFTER switching off a couple of gameplay cameras. Pressing escape during combat doesn't pause anything, it takes forever to even load up the available saves for you to select which to load then here comes another 4-5mins of loading time. Seriously.Here are the things that are making me knock down the rating of this game significantly:-Loading times are absolutely ridiculous.-In-game mission difficulty levels are Extremely inconsistent. (Some 2-2.5 difficulties feel like a solid 3-3.5 and some level 4 difficulties feel like a solid 3 at best. This may be due to disproportionate scaling of the enemies vs the mechs/pilots that you own)-No way to fast forward the travelling times in between systems (This is honestly a standard feature among many turn based games that require long travel periods)-The turn based system in this game is very inconsistent and it jumps yours vs enemy turns all over the place.-Mechbay do not allow for any form of viewing during customization.. seriously? (NO ONE thought that should have been a thing?)-If you were unlucky to move in a certain direction and sensor picks up ONE ENEMY, their ENTIRE LANCE gets a turn incoming. It makes No Sense. AND YOU WERE NOT EVEN DONE WITH YOUR OTHER PILOT'S TURNS. This puts you in Serious disadvantage from a MECH POSITIONING standpoint where every slight activity within a turn Really matters.-Random pauses (As if the game is not responding) in between turns that add up to a huge waste of time in the overall experience-Only ever experienced 1 crash and 1 hangEverything else content-wise, this game is probably one of the best mechwarrior franchise games ever made. I replayed Mechcommander1/2 so many times back as a kid. Maps/Locations/Art/Design/Cinematics were all close to perfect.. and the STORY. This is a title worth playing through just for the excellent writing. In conclusion, cos you devs are reading this.. I'm sincerely thankful to each and every member for doing this before my entire upcoming shift in work life kills all my free time. I love this game. There were so many moments I had to stop the temptation for comparing this to xcom.. because its simply not fair. But you guys have to know.. they set the bar all the way at the top and you have to chase that. Ultimately, the "technical" issues really dampened the absolute love I have for the title. It was really crappy(pun intended) that I could have an enitre bathroom break while loading a save. I love you guys and I will continue to support all Battletech related titles (Btw I own all your Shadowrun titles) with my money. But please let the next installment (Please move into Clan storyline) not have the same issues as this. Thanks HBS!
Wh1stler	Recommended	66.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197993208471/	Thoroughly enjoying this game. Would give it 4/5. As others have stated, it suffers from some slow downs in the turn based combat, could use some improvements on the management side of things. I don't find it too difficult and will enjoy some of the difficulty settings they ar working on. Considering the developer team size vs. other AAA titles such as Xcom 1 and 2, they've done a great job!Already looking forward to what they bring next with DLC! Bring on those clan mechs!
RingWyrm	Recommended	15.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ringwyrm/	I've been waiting for a game like this since I first played MechForce on my Commodore Amiga in high school. This is a great start. I haven't played a whole lot, but so far it seems like a lot of fun. My two oldest boys and myself will be playing this a fair bit, I'm sure.Things aren't perfect, though. The camera could use a lot of help. Some turns I don't even get to see my mech take hits since the camera hasn't finished rotating into position. Performace isn't the best on my 2017 MacBook Pro hooked up to my 3840x1600 display. Other games I have I'm able to ratchet up the detail more than I am with BATTLETECH.That brings up another issue: I contacted support to inform the creaters of the game that there were some UI issues related to 21:9 aspect rations. Some ui components overlap or go off the bottom of the screen. When joining multiplayer games, the ready button is completely unreachable, so I can't join unless I'm in windowed mode running at a 16:9 aspect ration. I can play fullscreen 21:9 against the AI since the button is partially visible at the bottom.Harebrained Schemes responded to my question about the 21:9 issue with a punt:"Yes, we don't currently support the 21:9 aspect ratio but hope to add it in the future."The game plays just fine in 21:9 and their Unity development platform does support 21:9. The problem is the developers didn't test their UI on ultrawide monitors. What would amount to a little time investment re-jiggering the UI is written off as not being supported. I understand that a vast majority of people don't play on ultrawide monitors ... I just hate disingenous replies from companies I've spent good money buying from.
King Aria	Recommended	4.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/stockloc/	BattleTech doesn't offer anything new in the strategy/turn-based genre but what it does offer is a solid experience.There are two modes you can play: Skirmish and Campaign. On Skirmish, you go head to head with either an AI or a human player using custom-built mechs.On campaign, you follow a storyline that unlocks star systems for you to explore as you progress. When I bought the game, I was under the impression that the whole star map would be available right from the get-go and we'd be able to explore at our own leisure (sort of like Mount & Blade in space with XCom combat). I won't lie, I was disappointed in learning that the systems you can explore correlated to how far you were in the story. HOWEVER, I learned to love it.By limiting the areas in which we can explore, we are given direction. It's still sandbox-like in that we can take contracts in any order we choose. I'm only in early game so I'm assuming the whole galaxy will be available after I beat the game.The story itself is pretty cliche and what you'd expect for a MechPunk universe. These factions are at constant war with each other and you're there to reap the rewards. The character creation is similar to Mount & Blade where you have a background story that can impact dialogue. However, I found out that dialogue choices don't really matter because you will always head towards where the developers want you to go.I remember my team saying they wanted to betray a faction and I kept saying 'no' until the only dialogue choice was 'fine'. The other two dialogue choices were also 'yes'. In terms of mech customization, you can change their loadouts, ammo and colour scheme. You can also customize your mercenary company but it only boils down to insignia and company name. There aren't really many options when it comes to customizing your company or micro-managing finances. Choosing to spend less money per month will bring down morale (however more detailed stuff like cutting back on food but not clothing, for example, is not available).And that brings us to the main game: the whole point of the game is making sure you have enough money per month to pay everyone's wages and to pay off your loan. Once your funds hit 0, you lose the game. If you lose someone in a battle, they're dead. Like, dead-dead. Gone for good. So you have to also keep in mind who you send first into battle (I always send the starter mercenary 'Glitch' because her voice is extremely annoying and I want her to just die already).All in all, the game gets a 7/10. It's good but not revolutionary and there aren't many options for everything. What IS there is solid and 100% works with the game. I can tell the developers made the game out of love and I honestly believe this game was worth every penny I spent on it. Give it a shot!
Robert	Recommended	30.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197978362022/	I loved Mechwarrior 2 when I was a kid, and there was a Battletech arcade booth/experience at a mall arcade. I never got into the tabletop game that started it all, but this seems like the most fully formed realisation of the systems and concerns that game wanted to immerse you in - intricate mecha tactics of heat management, stability, momentum and structural breakdown, with all the dice rolls and table lookups handled by your long-suffering RAM. And RAM is important, because this game takes a lot more resources then it looks like it should - even on a 16GB machine I experience frequent stuttering, lost frames, pauses. If framerate and smoothness is something you put a premium on you should be aware going in that this will put a strain on things.Since I only played Mechwarrior 2 I basically only know about the clan wars or whatever, I knew that all the mechs I liked from that were old tech that was lost until some later event. Having said that I think I learned more about the fiction in the opening cutscene than from anything else I've consumed from the franchise. The cutscene and character creation do a phenomenal job of placing you in the world. Every proper noun has a little tooltip that gives you extra context like in Pyre, it's just right up my alley. Everyone spitting the dummy about the gender thing is a huge crybaby sook - holy moly how do these folks get by when they have a meltdown about this sort of thing. The storytelling is fun and decently written, the music is fantastic. I am really enjoying the scrappy feeling of criss-crossing between planets to get time to repair and heal, or staying and taking a local contract if things went really well.The tutorial phase of the game is quite long but still manages to gloss over some pretty important stuff unless you dig for it. I had to just infer what some of the UI elements were over time. I appreciate that it's not strictly Ironman mode but it has robbed some tension from the battles - I find instead of utilising the "withdraw" option I am just pushing until things are irreversibly bad, then reloading a save and doing the battle from scratch, which does seem to re-roll what mechs you're up against.In terms of missions there's not a huge amount of variety - as one character jokes, the potential uses for giant mobile weapons platforms aren't subtle - but overall I am really enjoying being in the miserable, hard-luck world it presents. If you can get over the performance being as clunky as the mechs themselves, everything comes together really nicely.
Haelur	Recommended	83.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198009423952/	As a big Battletech fan this game is everything I hoped it would be and more!!! The good:- awesome turn based strategy - art design and music are great- persistent campaign with resourse management  The bad:- Learning curve**- some graphics bugs*- a view UI quirks**the devs seem to be very receptive on these issues and are already working to fix them**If you are not familiar with the Battletech/Mech Warrior universe all the different weapons, equipment, types of mechs, and the basic nuances of Battletech tactics can be a little overwhelming to new players. Being the marathon style player that I am I would love to see a persistent campaign through several DCL/expansions. You start this game in 3025. It would be awesome if you continued to develop your merc group through the 4th Succession War in the 3028, maybe getting to choose different campaigns depending on which house you choose to work for. Then you could play all the way through the Clan invasion in 3050, all the while expanding your mercenary corps assets and tech. I am sure whatever the Devs come out with will be awesome!
Valentino	Recommended	93.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ValentinoZ/	If you're a fan of the tabletop battletech game you'll enjoy this title. If you're a fan of the modern remake of Xcom: It's likely you'll enjoy this game.If you do not like tactics games: this will not change your opinion on them. This is a really fun and challenging game, and I'm quite enjoying it. From building and fielding a fine tuned group of four mechs(a lance) to figuring out neogtiations for contracts such as if I want more money or more salvage during a mission. The story and lore is really fleshed out too, and it's fun to just delve into it and read it all(though it's not required in any way)The game does have a few bugs, but HBS has been quick to address some of the major ones in the beta build(which you can opt into and was released live today) and I'm certain future beta builds will be available as well. The only major issue I've faced is the "morale bug" where a unit can get stuck with "Low Morale 0 days" that never goes away. This makes their called shots or vigilence buffs cost twice what it normally does, effectively making it not an option for them during missions. Luckily this doesn't happen often, and those same effects can get stuck in reverse(high morale 0 days which also removes the low morale buff). This doesn't distract from gameplay, and is overall quite a good game. If you don't have a system with a lot of RAM, I've heard that load times can be quite long, but it doesn't feel long to me, no longer than any other modern game. Others argue about the slow pace of the game, but hey it's a tactics game. Not sure what they expect. And a small minority are upset that you can decide your pronoune usage in this game. Which is as ridiculous a complaint as it sounds. Overall I'm quite happy with what HBS has produced. And they are clearly putting in a good effort to patch issues quickly and have been vocal on reporting what they are working on.
Tawnis	Recommended	261.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198020971965/	If you are looking for a quick review, this playes pretty similar to X-Com, if you liked that you will probably like this. For an more in depth take, see below:Pros:- Plenty of worlds to explore, I've been through nearly half of them so far and have only had a couple repeat maps. - Tactically quite fun, you often feel like you are on the back foot and have to figure out how to beat a more well equiped enemy. Even at end game will a fully decked out Assault Lance, some missions can still pose a threat. - Decent customization of units. (Thought if you play Mechwarrior Online, it won't feel like much in comparison.)- Enough diffent types of missions to keep things fresh. - Many of the characters you hire have their own backstories, making you want to keep them alive more than in similar games like X-Com. - You gain more freedom as the campaign progresses and can eventually go anywhere you want and take any missions you want from across the galaxy. - Damage to mechs and injury to pilots forces you to switch up your roster and play a variety of mechs and pilots.- Though the tricks to doing it effectivly need to be learned from experiance, the salvage mechanic adds another tacital element to the fights. If you see a mech you want you can make the fight harder by trying to take it out without destroying too much of it so you can recover it for yourself, however this ups the difficulty of the fight itself. - First game I've played that has "he" "she" and "they" options in character creation, if that pertains to you. Pro & Con: - The command dicisions that come up between missions are neat but there are so few of them.- The difficulty raiting is usually pretty on the nose, but I've had several mission with the same raiting, that were pretty dramatically different in difficulty. (However, this could be a feature in the game as you don't always have great intel on the mission, it's hard to say.)- You can interact and talk with your crew and hear thier stories KoToR style (which I always like), but sadly they don't have a ton to say over the length of the game. Cons: - No real place for lights and mediums at end game. It would be nice if there was a mission type where speed was the primary factor and taking a decked out Assault Lance just wouldn't cut it. - A lot of mechs not present. I get why the clan mechs are not here (sadly as that covers most of my favorite mechs) it doesn't fit the story; however there are some popular IS mechs missing too, where's the Uziel?! I'm hoping we get the clan mechs in a future expansion. - The Assault Cannon weapons were designed weird. So this is going to require some basic gameplay undestanding. Each mech has so many tonnes it can carry and can only equip a certain selection of weapons in each slot. With the Assault cannons, the AC2 weighs 6T and deals 25dmg, the AC5 weighs 8T and deals 45dmg, the AC10 weighs 12T and deals 75dmg, and the AC20 weighs 14T and deals 100dmg. Though the range decreases as the damage increases, it basically makes the AC5 and the AC20 the only really relavent choices. This struck me as especially odd, seeing as how the other weapon types all seemed to be well balanced against each other. - The AI can sometimes be really dumb. (While this isn't always the case there are some times where I just have to scratch my head. There was one mission where I had to destroy a building before time ran out and the enemy team just body blocked the main entrance. So I sent a light around the back and although they could see it, never sent anyone to deal with it and it turned into an easy win.) - I've hit a graphical bug a few times where a lance of enemy mechs will just appear as purple ploygons. - Long load times. Overall, if you're a fan of turn based stratagy, this should easily make you happy, The gripes I have are at the end of the day fairly trivial and the meat and potatoes of the game work very well. This will be one I can see myself playing for a long time to come.
Joke	Recommended	114.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197998487189/	For this price I can recommend the game easily because it affords a lot of playing time. For a Battletech fan like me it was a must anyway.However, to make it a really great game several several issues for a tactical turn-based game have to be addressed:1. Lack of tactical depth.Most of the time you are dropped into a situation that gets you into immediate contact. No time and space to use the wonderful topography in favor of you - just aim and shoot. If the battle field was not so restricted and the enemy farther away superior positioning would gain great advatages and make it a much more fun game, Remember MechCommander.2. What you see is not what you get.Often times you will find you stand on a small hill looking down into a valley and the enemy approaches. However, the only thing you see are red icons until the enemy is nearly in brawling distance. A mech is about 15 meters tall guys. Seriously. Same problem goes for aiming. You zoom and twist the map until you think you find a nice firing position just to find out that you cannot see the enemy mech anymore even though you loom straight down on it.The game has wonderful visusal and theu should be applied better for aiming. Mind you the compouter always aims well. 3. A point that has often been  correctly raised are the confined and therfore diffcult campain missions. If they are not done in a certain way it is diifcult to win or you win only at great cost. There needs to be more freedom of movement and thought in the campaign missions. The game is still young and has lots of potential. Therefore, I hope this issues will be addressed. All Battletech fans go for it right away. :)
PainGod	Recommended	104.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198029887392/	Great game and great battletech game so far. Haven't made it too far in yet but I already love it. I would love to see even more depth with possible future DLC. More mechs (AKA GIVE ME MY MARAUDER PLEASE!!!). I'd love to see the contract system have even more dept.Only complaint, I wish I could change my mechwarriors voices, portraits, and names/callsigns.
Sgt.Snake78	Recommended	104.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198139949008/	♥♥♥♥ing masterpiece guys! digging this game real challanging! all these people crying about head shots... just return the favor braa mmkay
Boosted7M	Recommended	290.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198193589378/	So far, I am very pleased with Battletech. I have never played the table top, but the game makes me want to give it a shot. Though I find it very fun and challenging, there are some things I would change. First, I would like more variations in the character backstory. Every character you create has to be a noble, and the choice faction doesn't do much other than some dialog choices during the story (that don't change anything from what I have seen). What I would like to see is variation in the ancestral mech based on the faction chosen in the beginning, or if you were able to choose a poor or common or noble birth. The second criticism I have is the difficulty; I appreciate a challenge, but dang this game's AI is brutal and there are no difficulty settings that I can change. I mean, the cockpits of my mechs get hit at like a 100:1 rate compared to the AI. The skull system would work if it was accurate, but right now I don't feel that it is. To feel confident that I am going to get out of a mission with minimal consequences I have to take a lance significantly heavier than 1:1. I believe there is a patch that is supposed to be coming to fix this, so I am excited to see how this works out. Lastly, I would like to be able to take two or more lances into a mission. What is the point of being able to have 18 mechs active in the mechbays if I can only take four mechs into battle? This would go a long way in helping with the difficulty too. I have already played a few missions where my lance of a single heavy and three mediums have had to survive against 2+ full lances of 55ton mechs, by the end of those missions I am super tired because the turns take soooooo long and with 5+ mechs taking a turn at the same time they can take down one of my mechs in one turn (going back to the ridiculous difficulty). Some people complain about the cameras, but I don't find it that huge of an issue. All in all, I have enjoyed my time with Battletech thus far and if HBS is able to implement any of the fixes I have talked about it will turn into one of my favorite games in recent memory.[Update:] The June patch that added granular difficulty settings was a great step in the right direction. Now that I have over 200 hours and three active characters, I can say that I HATE the cameras. It is absolutely frustrating that the camera will snap to an event for only a second and then slowly start moving back to where it was before. Either let it snap until the action is over or don't make it snap at all (if anyone knows how to fix the camera please let me know, I have fiddled with the settings a little bit but it haven't been able to keep me from wanting to pull my hair out). Now that I have completed the story portion of the game twice I am starting to need more narrative. This goes back toward character back story and how every vanilla play through feels exactly the same (same mechs and characters at the start, same story outcomes, and same dialog choices that do not impact anything). I want to love this game, not just like it. The mechanics are there, but HBS needs to do more, more narrative (I would suggest procedurally generated campaigns for all of the noble houses/factions), more content (more mechs, more equipment, more weapons), and more quality of life improvements (like actually fixing the cameras for real).
mr.wrong	Recommended	954.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197973998304/	As close to the boardgame as a computer game can be Easy to learn hard to masterVery nice artwork and a great soundtrack 
eldadmaster	Recommended	102.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198038264461/	Might be exaggerating a little, but best game EVER!!! Like XCOM on steroids. Can't stop playing, barely made the time to write this.
Aegmar	Recommended	62.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197963356626/	Just finished the Campaign and here is a quick review:Gameplay: It's very close to the BATTLETECH Board Game, so saying its good or bad is pretty hard. Having played the boardgame as a teenager i obviously like it, but its very slow and tactical, so fair warning here.Pacing is somewhat slow, time it takes for every action is considerable at times, so if you like it a bit more fast paced its probably not for you.Story: GREAT, grim and compelling, Harebrained quality, couldnt think of any improvements here.Performance: Bit of a chore at times, especially in menus it can take 3-6 seconds just to open another window, so there is surely some work left.Summary: Must have for Battletech and slow paced Strategy fans, probably not good for everyone else.
Cockscalibur	Recommended	73.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198051563489/	I love it. Yeah, it has some quirks and the game crashed on me once upon exiting a long mission, but overall it runs smoothly and has awesome, satisfying tactical gameplay. Highly recommended if you can't find anyone to play tabletop Battletech with you, or if you need a break from Mechwarrior Online.
ntw	Recommended	328.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197960283559/	Long term BattleTech fan, kickstarter backer.Well worth the wait.A few minor niggles (primarily delays on gameplay), but overall an amazing Mercenary Sim :)
meatz666	Recommended	100.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/meatz666/	-1 EVASION
SADU	Recommended	6.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Sadu2009/	Love it
handsom88	Recommended	114.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198032585787/	Excellent game, loved it from the start. yes there may be minor bugs here and there, but it is very well planned and balanced, finished the game already. all i can say is, wished the maps were bigger, and more rare salvage. cos that would be the main reason to continue playing even after the main story is done, salvage like gauss, dhs, ultra ACs, etc. they may not be in the same timeframe, but i am sure u guys can come up with some story for that? right? anyway many thumbs up for this game. strongly suggest u get it.
Nero	Recommended	241.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197993654777/	This game is one of my best game. AI can rip you and your mech apart if you underestimate them.Pilot skill is not much choice but when combine with the fee modify mech. You can create any play style for each pilot. 
Halifax789	Recommended	71.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197970947742/	turn based strategy/tactics goodness.  The secret star of the game is not the mech combat (which is still good), but rather the mech design and economic/contract game. favorite Steam purchase since Ark
iswehr	Recommended	35.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197972618867/	As a long-time battletech and turn-based tactics fan and someone who wishes he had time to play tabletop, really enjoying this game. Certainly the battletech setting is great, really like the dot-based line of sight mechanics - definitely differentiates it from other turn-based games out there.  Still early days in the campaign for me, but so far so good.  I haven't found the pacing, animation speeds, etc. mentioned by some other reviewers to be a problem at all - I take my time planning my moves and enjoy seeing the mechs play them out. Don't get me wrong here - it's not that I don't mind things taking a long time (time is at a premium these days for me) - I just don't find it slow. I have also not had any performance issues whatsoever (3570K, 1070, Win 10). Sure I've experienced the odd gameplay bug here and there (e.g., stuck in Low Spirits state), some of which have or are in the process of being addressed in patches, but I certainly don't regret picking this up a few days after launch. I agree that the tutorial doesn't do a great job of explaining all the mechanics, but honestly - having read a couple of reviews before picking it up, plus skimming the wiki a little, I hit the ground running.
Pixeled_Phantom	Recommended	77.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198061331463/	Are you a fan of the Battletech universe? Are you a fan of turn based strategy games? Than this game is most likely for you. While it may not have the epic cutscenes of the older Mech Warrior games, the art style in this game is fairly nice and the music is spot on. The gameplay, while excellent, can get stale since a lot of the missions are similar, but this didn't become much of an issue for me. The only real issue I found with the game is that there is a general slowdown once your number of save files starts to rack up. I normally delete all saves up until my most recent 6 and the game seems to run fine. Overall, this is a very good game and I hope to see future content pertaining to Battletech's lore make it's way into the game.
-BMF-	Recommended	42.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/BMFer/	Thumbs up from me! Makes me want to skip sleeping to play...
Crashlander	Recommended	75.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/eviljim76/	I grew up during the early days of PC gaming.  I found my greatest enjoyment in single player games that told a story and challenged you to overcome challenges.  Games that allowed you to make interesting choices that had real, tangible outcomes.In the last decade, I just haven't found anything that really helped scratch that itch like Battletech did.   Throw in some table-top gaming nostalgia and a great plot and you have my favorite game in recent years.  My only issue is... I have completed the story and I long for more.  HBS... take my $$$ and make more!
EscortOne	Recommended	8.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/EscortOne/	This was a fun big tactics game. Well worth my time and money. My favorite part was probably living out the fantasy of building a real Inner Sphere mercenary company in 2018. Crowning my Atlas across the battlefield to wreck havok against my enemeis. Ha! My least favorite part were all the small quality of life features that I noticed this game didn't do as well as I wanted. Pilot injuries, Lance numbers, Mech paint jobs, Shop inventories, broken arms from torso hits, etc, etc.I had low expectations seeing it was Unity Engine. But came away with a solid 9/10. :D
Karubian	Recommended	300.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/realkarubian/	Being an old fan of the BattleTech franchise (i.e. the tabletop game), and having played almost every computer game variant available, I immediately jumped on to the kickstarter campaign of the game. I was extremely excited, and my expectations were pretty high - backed by each kickstarter update and preview. When the Backer Beta started, I played the skirmish rounds for hours each day, and I was already happy with what we got. Expectations weren't all met, but well, it was a beta.Then the actual release came. Installation on release night was...horrible. It took me a while to get it right, though one should think installing a game via steam is not that difficult. But I finally managed it, and as far as I know, those problems are history these days anyway.Then I could finally start the campaign, and what shall I say...WOW! Awesome is the only word that comes close, and it doesn't really express how great the game actually is. The story is awesome, the soundtrack is superb, and the game really brings the tabletop feeling to the computer screen. Yes, it plays different than the tabletop, but that was clear from the beginning, as a computer game cannot, by nature, work in the same way as a game you play with miniatures, and dice on a table. I've played this game for over 270 hours since its release, finished the campaign, and still am not bored. I really love the game, and can recommend it to anyone who's in for turn based tactical games.And one advice: when you play your first playthrough, play it vanilla, and use mods only once you're done with the campaign, if you have to use mods. In my opinion, there's not really a need for mods, but that's just me.Conclusion: the game is a must-have for everyone into turn-based tactical games.
Robkilerrabit	Recommended	62.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198000543072/	Definitely grows on you. Kinda slow to get into (it's turn-based after all), but I love the mercenary company management and the Mechwarrior story and universe. Even if the combat was slow (hour long missions, new maps but relatively repetitive outside of story), I liked the combat overall and it actually takes a while to master since you're trading off saftey versus money versus salvage so it's a fun balance. If you're into the Battletech/Mechwarrior universe or enjoy turnbased I think you'll like this. Again, my favorite part was the story and company management but still well made.8/10
qor	Recommended	138.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198028649678/	 I spent all of June playing Battletech exclusively. I have a lotta games I've never bothered to beat. This was not one of them.Battletech seems like it was compiled just for me. This game is terrific. It scratches my itch for a good turn-based strategy. I love mechs as well; so it scratches my itch for them too. They're totally silly as war machines, but they sure are fun to drive; Steel Batallion was a blast for that reason. I'm really kicking myself that I never got into the actual tabletop game back in the 80s when I was a wee lad.  This Battletech let me dive deep into something from my childhood I seemed to only adore from a distance then.I love being able to pick your character's backstory. I take it you start in a different part of the galaxy based on your origin story, but I've only tried one so far. I'd like to see more travel throughout the galaxy in one game. There were a lot of restricted areas. Did the pirate runs get used much? I can't recall. Pirate runs, by the way, are shortcut space jumps from one star system to another, without giving anything vital to the story away. I'd say there needed to be more of them in the game. Anyway, if I made one change to the game, it would be more space travel through the vastness of space to visit really remote locations. Or better motivation to do so, anyway. The game did drag on for a while towards the end (much like this review is doing now), but I think that was more likely due to several financial errors (forgetting to set my mechs to repair before I set out to a new destination because travel time in this game is akin to The Oregon Trail). Also, I splurged on my crew and their ship because I wanted happy mercenaries who respected me as their hefe, not feared me.Tech-wise:  I'm running it on an iMac i7-7700k, 24gb ram, and the radeon 580 and I'd make that the minimum spec for my fellow mac users, not the recommended. It runs great at 1080p, well at 1440p, but if you want higher resolutions you'll have to sacrifice some of the goodies.I look forward to the DLC and a second playthrough on the new ironman mode. 
redScare	Recommended	64.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/redscare5/	Kickstarter backer here, and happy to have backed the game. It has its share of issues, like lighter mechs being useless in the late game, but the core gameplay is solid, tactical and fun. 8/10 :)
Doc_McStabbins	Recommended	167.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/docmcstabbins/	TL;DR = For those who loved Battletech and Mechwarrior on pen and paper from 20+ years ago, this game is a great adaptation of it that is fun, addictive, and very satisfying to watch all the awesome murderbots destroy each other and the surroundings.PROS: * Seriously? You're a starship captain that commands a tight-knit group of murderbots and the jockeys who ride them. Is there anything cooler than that?* Fully customizable murderbots (within the spec limits) lets you experiment with a near endless combination of stuff and also things.* Glitch. You players know what I'm talking about. Say it with me now, "GLITCH!!!"* Numerous landscapes, environments, etc, that force you to think strategically. Also, you begin to understand why people in the 1950's hated Mars so much.* Watching a murderbot stomp a stupid jerkface tank that won't quit shooting your mech is as cathartic as it gets. Would stomp again.* More murderbots, including the Hatchetman (exactly what it sounds like) are coming soon (or have already come out by the time you read this).* Death from Above... ladies.CONS:* The plot is slightly lacking in subtlety and--c'mon, what do you want? Citizen Kane? It's a game about murderbots blowing up other murderbots, for crying out loud. You didn't come here for Shakespeare.* There need to be more explosions. Currently the game is only at about 70% explosions. * Complete and utter lack of a stab-bot, or stabbing arm-mod. However, punching, stomping, death from above, and--soon--chopping are a decent 2nd.* The moral gray areas involved leave the player with an incompl---hahaha, I can't even finish that with a straight face. Did I mention you are commanding murderbots?* Something something, localization, something. * Rules lawyers who get really angry about stuff like "but the heat-sinks have to be in the legs for water to improve the efficiency" will probably convulse violently and froth a bit. This game is not for them. Unless they have never played Battletech before, in which case, they'll have nothing to compare the technical details to.SIMILAR GAMES:* Wasteland II (the good one, not the stupid clown one)* Fallout Tactics* Jagged Alliance* That one game, you know the one, where you kick all kinds of♥♥♥♥♥with murderbots.CONCLUSION: I think it was Archimedes who once said "Give me weapon big enough, and a robot on which to mount it, and I shall conquer the world."This game lets you do that. So...um... Thanks, Archimedes!
Takara	Recommended	118.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197974334249/	If you like Mechwarrior or Battletech this game is likely going to be up your alley.  It's a good game with a  good story. That isn't to say it doesn't have it's flaws.  I was originally a little concerned as a MechWarrior fan to see how a turn based adaptation would go. I was pleasantly surprised at a good system. That said I have a pretty high end PC system and I felt there was a bit to much lag/delay between actual gameplay when on your dropship. Switching between Mechbay/Engineering ect seemed to really seem sluggish. Saving mech configs was also slow.  Some of the random contracts lacked some originality, and repeated a few times with just harder opponents. But it wasn't to bad. Ultimatly  I would say this game is worth it's price tag and it seems to have a system set up for expantions?
Calruin	Recommended	71.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198057109145/	I haven't put much time into the game as of yet. But my over all time I have spent has been fun.I like how they have the time management/repair/refit set up. Makes it so you have to give some thought about wanting to refit that Mech or take the mission and run with it. All so you can get the cash you need to buy the weapons/Mech parts while maintaining the general upkeep of your current mechs and pilots. Of course later in the game such a choice might not be as hard to make when you have more mech's to choose from. But if you have a few Mechs that you like to use, it can still be a choice to make.The map for the most part is opened up pretty early in the game giving us the option to range across it. Of course, that is if you can afford to have zero income for weeks/months at a time. Which means the map is as open as your wallet is deep. I personally like that.Now to the battle. Early game, Light Mech's in your lance are useful and can even do thier own damage vs what you face. Late Early game, they lose their ability to deal much damage (though i have an idea I'm going to test out sometime, wanna see how i can refit a few of them for sniper/spotter work). However, they're still useful for spotting for your LRM/indirect fire mechs. With their longer range of sight and early initiative they can honestly get in, spot and get out. Put a pilot in a light mech with sensor lock and they're even more safe. They become the real eyes on the map if used right. Because one wrong move with a light mech can lead to it being disabled if not totally wrecked in one turn.That is just the Light Mech, there are three other classes that can be used. Each with their own strength and weaknesses. The fact that you don't have to use Light Mech's as the game goes on, is a personal choice (though for some it's the only choice depending on strategic ability). Fielding a lance of Heavy/Med Mechs or mixing in Assault is a fun idea as well. Though I would avoid doing a full lance of Light Mechs, the choice is up to the player.Now load outs as mentioned above is also a thing to consider. Updating your weapons with named weapons at the very least is a good idea. But you don't have to just do that (or do it at all). You can totally rework what the mech takes into battle (with the limit being tonnage and hardpoints, so no EPIC DEATH MECHs sorry). Wanna make a laser boat Mech? You can do it, but keep in mind that it won't be able to do too many Alpha strikes depending on location, as your heat will go through the roof. Want a missile mech, you can do it (but again, keep an eye on that heat). The bottom line is, you can do some good customization of your mech's weapons. Also, in the same place you can add or take away Armor. Need that extra tonnage? Shave some Armor off, but when you do it, make sure to remember that you're making your mech eaiser to kill. Of course you can also take some weapons off to add more armor too if you want, it goes both ways.Now, random missions vs story missions. Story missions are set to be hard and not so forgiving as random missions. Though random missions can get almost as hard depending on your play style and if you make any mistakes. First two skull mission i had, had me fighting a full lance of Med Mechs and a few support vehicles one of which had an LRM 20. I have a bad habit of saving the vehicles for last. I learned a lession during that mission lol.Now on to crashes and other such issues like hangups and such. I am happy to report zero. But I also have a beast of a computer so that could be one of the main reasons. I have read others can have some issues.So, now we have the actual story to consider. So far, it's rather easy to figure out what is going to happen next. Which byself isn't bad, but I have a hard time caring about the story. It just doesn't keep me wrapped in and wanting to know what happens next. It's not an over all, bad story. Just not one that I find too interesting. I will update this part if I feel the story gets better.One thing (or maybe two), that I would like to see.We're given choices to create the background of our character as we start the game. I'd sure like to see this impact our starting mech, if not some way to impact our starting lance. I think that would go a long way in replayability.Adding in support vehicles for the player would be a fun little touch. Though considering how easy they are to kill, it would require a change in play style for some of us if we wanted to use them. So if they were added, I'd hope it would be optional and not required.Over all, I love the game and can't wait to play more! I've always been a fan of Battletech, used to play the tabletop back in the day. This game is worth buying, and if you can get it on sale, do it!
kc28031	Recommended	190.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198059217100/	I love Battletech! I have always been a fan of the genre since the 80's. So I have to add a star for that, but the game does what I would want it to do. It actively gives me the feel of combat in Mech Warrior style, true to form. I'd give the game 5 stars, even though there are some tiny annoying aspects that only slightly bother me. Just mouse controls and drag and drop in mech bay screen when trying to add equipment - you have to position the equipment "just so" or it won't take it. Also when mouse overing trying to get to the mech bay or barracks the mouse has to be positoned "just right" or you can't get it to select where you're trying to go. Outside of that there are NO complaints with the game. Exciting battles well balanced in the campaign, not too easy not to hard. Music is superb adding ambiance and mood to the game. Voice acting is great. Graphics are realistic along with sound effects of the weapons and explosions are perfect. Can you tell I love the game yet? I recommend it highly.
Redlock	Recommended	66.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/redlock/	We finally got a turn based strategy game set in the BattleTech universe, which is amazing, since BattleTech started out (and continues to be) a turn based tabletop wargame.This game isn't as deep as the wargame, but that's largely due to the early era within the universe that it's set in. This is a series with real potential.The game itself is pretty great overall, it's exactly what BT should be.
zeyz	Recommended	82.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197977064544/	I like it, it does have some downsides and flaws that could use improvement, but the continued development of patches seems to be trending in the direction of addressing these.
Dib	Recommended	304.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197993493161/	I really like this game. Where's my warhammer mech?
The Ayatollah of Rock n' Rollah	Not Recommended	176.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198012537629/	I was sold on the notion of being a mech commander leading my merc company to either riches or ruin based on my decisions in a galaxy filled with interesting missions and loot.But what I bought feels more like a dreary, banal novel in which my character is merely a tertiary one relegated to farming asinine 'random' missions while the games' Mary Sue actual main character is thrust front and centre during most of the more interesting scripted story missions.The plot is horribly derivative, the characters feel like check-lists of diversity rather than real people*; There is Only Room for One Steve in this galaxy.   and I personally found the presentation and opening sequence and music to be utterly pretentious and immediately off-putting. I mean, c'mon. I am playing a game about ridiculous, giant robots with laser guns in space, queue the heavy metal please.The game has some bright spots - -The mechs are varied. -The ability to customize the loadout of the mechs is sufficient. -The actual combat is okay.and some sucky parts - -Combat maps are way too small, but the sight range of the mechs is absurdly tiny to make up for it? -Most of the missions you end up doing are very repetitive and very shallow. -The cutscene showing your ship leaving a system, docking to a jump point, jumping, undocking and then entering another system wasn't interesting enough to show even one time. -I personally dislike the incessant chatter on board the Argo.... meaningless course corrections, requests for diagnostics, reports that a sensor scan came back negative, coffee is ready. It cycles so frequently too, I just mute the game when I'm working on mechs and whatnot. *I know there is a push for greater representation of more diverse people in games and other media and I have no problem with that, but I merely feel that the attempt here is rather hamfisted.
Kasseus	Not Recommended	12.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kasseus/	I picked up BATTLETECH during the Paradox Interactive sale because I enjoy Paradox's games and I love everything MechWarrior. Unfortunately, with only a few hours into the game, the bugs and performance issues quickly made this an game an experience I'd rather forget.What I Like: Company management feels similar to MechWarrior 4: Mercenaries Combat is very detailed (firing arcs, directional damage, pilot injuries) and feels well-thought out Mech customization appears to be as detailed as most Mechwarrior games From what little I've experienced, the story is goodWhat I Don't Like: Load times are ridiculously long, especially when using an SSD and a Gen 8 i7. Graphical bugs are common (all Mechs turn hot pink as if they were an unskinned placeholder asset upon loading a mission). Severe stuttering during missions and menus outside of missions. Any clicks or buttons you press during the stutters will still register when it stops, potentially causing you to move a mech into a bad position or with a bad firing arc. During missions, when ordering a Mech to attack an enemy, the animations don't play, and the camera moves into a cinematic angle for the salvo of lasers and missiles that will never come. This issue has happened multiple times and forces a reload, which coupled with the slow loading times, is very frustrating, especially if you don't save every single turn. Final ThoughtsHaving been an avid fan of both Mechwarrior and Paradox Interactive, I can't help but feel disappointed by this game. I can see the potential it has with its in-depth combat system and mech customization. Sadly, the multitude of bugs I've experienced in my time playing has rendered the entire experience unenjoyable and frustrating. I couldn't in good faith recommend this game to my friends, even the die-hard MechWarrior fans.
The Happy Anarchist	Recommended	141.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TheHappyAnarchist/	Very much captures the flavor of tabletop FASA Battletech from back in the day, while adding merc company management mechanics and a lot of inter-system sandbox travel.PROS:1 Missions have a high degree of randomness.2 AI has decent tactics without cheating,3 Mechs are highly configurable, but default setups are quick if design is not your thing.4 Combat is highly detailed, with critical hits, ammo explosions, location-based damage.5 Salvage mechanics and highly varied planetary store inventories make for a good "lost tech" patchwork feel.6 Good sim mechanics for managing your Merc company and keeping it solvent, and negotiation of contracts, without being overbearing or micromanagey.7 Lots of random events with choices to keep things interesting between missions.CONS:1 Slow like a turn-based tabletop game. A typical engagement lasts 20-90 minutes.2 Graphics are tuned for lots of organic terrain and sloped elevation changes, making the maps very interesting instead of appearing like hex grids, but the mechs and buildings don't look realistic, scaled right, or impressive. Things have a muddy unsharpened feel.3 Dialogue is detailed, but only 1/3 of it is voiced, even in the same conversation. Jarring.4 There are dice rolling in the background. While you don't see them, expect the RNG to kidney punch you sometimes. I don't really mind this, but some people might.OTHERS:I too was surprised at the "they" pronoun, but I just thought "this isn't addressed to me", picked "he" and moved on. Harebrained is not necessarily changing the universe, it has no effect on the game, other mechwarriors you find, or the story - and for the tiny minority of players that will select "they", why not just let them enjoy their moment of being included? It's not like it changes anything in your life. I'm bummed Battletech and a tiny studio became a front in the SJW vs Conservative war, and yes - they did it to themselves, but in the end, who the hell cares? It's a great game and you're a gamer.
Thomas Lefèvre	Not Recommended	30.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197960455652/	Horrible engine - really shows its age, can't believe this is a 2018 game. Bad loading times, odd waiting times and generally feels very sluggish.I'm a huge fan of the genre, but the missions where the enemy gets reinforcement are absolutely stupid. I can't abide by it, the reinforcements will spawn at the same time as you meet the main force and they'll be on in you in a couple of rounds. I tried beating this last mission by save scumming, but what is the fun in that? Too bad, the game really has potential but it's just way too rough to thoroughly enjoy.I haven't got time for broken games.
Benjamin Magnus	Recommended	208.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TheDapperGamer/	Product received for free
snickernsx	Not Recommended	2.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197992679253/	I WANTED to like this. I'm a big Mechwarrior fan and XCOM fan. I thought this would be the perfect blend between the two. Unfortunately, I was completely disappointed. The game feels like they rushed it. It really needed more polishing as the game play is crazy slow and controls just not polished. The best way to explain the game is a digital version of the board game. I tried real hard to get in to it but it just wasn't for me.
sphinxone	Recommended	76.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/realsphinxone/	Oh my god this game is amazing! It sucked me in from the first minute and didn't let go. While the game shifted far from the originals ruleswise, I think it is for the better. HBS managed to capture the spirit and the feel of Battlemech fights from the novels so perfectly, I'm still blown away. And the atmosphere, the music, the cutscenes fit the world of Battletech perfectly. This game carries on the spirit of Mechwarrior 2 Mercenaries and while the world you step in is familiar for a long time Battletech fan like me (over 25 years, with novels, the boardgames and almost every computer game there ever was), it feels like seeing this world with completly new eyes at the same time. Battletech fans should definetly check it out. People who liked the previous HBS games (Shadowrun Returns/Dragonfall/Hong Kong) and/or like stompy robots doing battle and managing a rag-tag band of mercenaries constantly on the brink of brankruptcy should consider checking this game out, it may be worth their money and time.
Scouten	Recommended	105.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198002716732/	the turn based game ive been waiting for!ever since the kickstarter came out for battletech ive been excited while there are certainly some minor issues that will need fixing ive had more fun with this title in recent times than some other games. if you enjoy slow tactical gameplay along with the idea of managing a company of units similar to XCOM although a bit more indepth give this one a shot!.nothing like making the decision between waiting for your mech to repair some damage or push on through to another contract so you can make ends meet
Baralong	Recommended	2.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/OldBara/	No matter how much I love the WH40K and Star Wars franchises there's always been one far superior to those two - that's Battletech. And while watching an amazing intro at the start of the campaign I could resist feeling excited and proud of the dev team - a new dawn for mechwarriors has come! The game is amazing! Sure, it needs a bit of polishing here and there, has a steep learning curve for newbies and stuff. But it's a masterpiece. I cannot stress enough how much joy you're going to get if you sink some hours into this game and the whole Battletech universe. Great job, dev team!
Idiot Ruins Game	Not Recommended	87.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198060163383/	I originally gave it a bad review but as I've bought a lot of bad games recently I was driven to pass it just for the challenge and now I can give more detailed reasons as to why its such a bad game.  I also played it all the way through for the same reason many of you are here, I love battletech, I love giant robots, I loved the mechwarrior games and I want it to be good so bad I gave it a lot of slack.All the mechs suck: There isn't a large variety of mechs, the game says there are four types but there really are three.  Little boys they say can make use of the poorly thought out reserve system.  Medium guys that can stil take out the big boys and the big boys which let you add on just a few more weapons and a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of armor. They all look very similar within each group which is why I really think of it as three.  The thing that really annoys me is that the big 100 ton atlas looks about the same szie at th 70 ton and up mechs.   Since there is such a lack of variety the game play ends up being extremely repetitive.Lack of weapons:  There are 4 weapon types lasers, misses, cannons and support which are not useful.  All that happens as up up you damage or number of misses per weapon.  ***minor spoiler you find some Star League weapons such as ER and pulse lasers aswell as the gauss rifle but one damn time, if it gets destroyed well see you next play through... very stupid.  Yeah you can say just don't get it destroyed but♥♥♥♥♥♥happens, having one chance on it is stupid unless you resort to save scuming.Lack of customization of everything: You can hardly customize your mech past basic colours, you can't name your pilots or change their looks and your can only upgrade your ship through fixed looks.Other than temperature environments don't matter and all feel the same:  I double checked this to be sure and this was annoying, you don't get and weapon advantage from being on a mountain above the enemy.  The only real combat modifier is stability and indirect fire, it feels stupid that all your mechs can jump up and just rain down fire on the enemy but have no advantage. Bad voice acting and lack of voice acting:  Seriously in 2018 having intermittent voiced story points is unforgivable.  The voices in the game should be part of conveying the story and they do... when they chose to voice them.  Really this part is inexcusable and hurts the immersion in major way. Then add to that, the voice work on your own pilots are poorly done.Graphics from a generation ago:  The graphics are not good, don't know how to expand on it.  Its not the worst in the world, its just super weak.The Story*** spoilers:  I mentioned how the bad and lack of voices hurt immersion in the story but lets talk about the actual story and here are the basic beats:  You pick a totally pointless backstory, the tutorial has you fighting with your obi wan and the boss lady.  Her uncle and cousin betray the current administration I know nothing about and take over.   You then work with her to take back her throne just because.  Then on a mission you take out a large ship you are told contained weapons but they said had civilians.  You never really find out if it was true but the father of the ship pilot then comes to take revenge but ♥♥♥♥ that guy, we are on the boss lady side because the game wants us to so really one of the few antagonists is a guy just trying to avenge the son you murdered under the command of the boss lady.  In the end you use and independence day virus to kill his ship in an hardly animated "cut scene"  In the end the lady gets her throne back and we are alive to enjoy future DLC ***spoilers end***Worst last mission ever:  ***spoilers***  OK the last mission is a two stage mission and it says you must be ready to field multiple lances and I was fine with that.  After you pass the first mission there is another terrible voiceless story bit on your ship where you go through speech trees which change nothing.  In the end the boss lady make a point that you will follow her into the final battle.... unless you got 1 injury(of 5 or 6) then your characters are sidelined and you fight the last fight with your B team.  They should have used the X-com, this is the last mission so you can start with injuries at your own risk but no, another thing to ruin the story and immersion. ***spoilers end***Really I wanted it to be good, I really did but I was very disappointed but since I was cutting the game a lot of slack I put the hours in to finish it and wanted to share my thoughts.
chris325	Not Recommended	1.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198008873544/	this review states I have played over an hour of this game... playing the first tutorial mission over and over trying to get this game work and not go to black screen crash. Hopefull this will be sorted with patches if not will have to refund.Will wait until end of week.If game is eventually fixed for me and playable will change to thumbs up.Advise for now is to wait for this to be patched before purchasing. 
Galp	Recommended	87.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Galpoggs/	As a long, linear, single player, turn based game this is absolutely worth the price. It's streamlined from older Mechwarrior games. The changes smooth out the difficulty and probably make it friendlier for rookies but strip out a bit of the charm. But it's still a fantastic game of mechs slugging it out, with a lot of tactical consideration given to each action.I wish they smoothed out the UI, there are so many needless pauses and delays as to really annoy, I wish there was no pointeless dialogue choices. But it's quibbles, the fights are great all the way through and the story missions are interesting. Full review available.[oldgrizzledgamers.com]The multiplayer works and is a lot of fun but there's no progression or tracking so it loses its appeal after a dozen matches. There's also no matchmaking, you have to make a lobby, so it's a bit awkward and takes longer to get a match. 
Bobinhedgeorge	Recommended	78.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198013292982/	This is a good blend of Mechcommander and X-Com mechanics and even builds on some of them. There are quality of life features that I hope are improved on such as reducing the amount of wait time between turns and a more phased introduction into the out-of-mission views (or reduction of micromanagement in general - there isn't a simple "Repair/Refit All" button that I can find).I can immediately tell from the introductory mission and cutscenes that a lot of love and labor went into making this game and I hope that there are patches that come to smoothe out the rough edges.
orog218	Not Recommended	17.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198094516311/	Ive played 17 hours of this and I can tell you Im unistalling it without finishing it. The RNG, repairs, trash npcs, injuries mean you will be hiring and fireing a lot of crew, some will die, your mechs take ages to reapair and uprade and you get penalized the whole time you play with fees, Their is nothing heroic about this game, turn based games I've played before were "fun" this punishes you on easy mission, there is no safe mission and if you run out of money you permanently lose.... This could have been a fun game, with npcs that have stories and things that matter, but no its random and long as you have turn based objectives one of your tactics will be run back and forth and wait for the enemies to come to you, so prepare to wait a lot rather than play a game
Chysamere	Recommended	67.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/chysamere/	Too many FPS kiddies expecting twitch gameplay. This is a faithful and fun re-creation of the tabletop Battletech experience. If you're expecting a game like the Mechwarrior games, this is not it.If you want Xcom+ with 'Mechs, this is your jam.
Khayle	Not Recommended	39.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/sjols/	First of all. I love the game and it's mechanics. The story is...what you would expect. Nothing great, but then again it's not what drew me to it when I backed the Kickstarter. The turn-based combat is really good when you turn off alot of the cinematic stuff, which makes combat take way too long. Don't get me wrong. It looks really pretty, but 2-4 minutes per turn is just too much. But as soon as you turn off most of the cinematic animations like watching the mechs run/walk and shoot, you see what a gem it really is. Not only that but the contract negotiations and financials is just complex enough to give you options and simple enough to not be a hassle if you don't care about such things. The same goes for fixing your mechs after combat. One aspect where the game could improve is when you refit. I haven't found an easy way to reset a mech back to it's default configuration. In addition, the fact that your techs do not set refits on hold when you have damaged mechs that needs repairing is really annoying. Having to manually stop a refit, then add a repair job and then having to set up the refit again is not a good mechanic. A way to move things around in the queue would go a long way towards making this experience alot better. As you can see I really like this game. I'm completely immersed in the universe and thoroughly enjoy the combat. The game itself would have been one of the best games I've played in years in this genre. That's why it pains me to say that I can't recommend this game at full price in the state it is right now. The reason is the constant crashing and events that never trigger. I've had near perfect missions go all the way to the end dialogue and my contract guy congratulate me, then crash. Several times. Or going through a good run, then save and have that save be completely useless because the events that should trigger in the next few rounds no longer trigger. In just under 16 hours of gameplay I've experienced 8 crashes and 10+ hangups where the expected events do not trigger and I have to reload.  When you've spent more than an hour setting up everything, running your lance perfectly and killing everything without any injuries or major damage to the mechs, then have the game crash and everything is lost. Not fun at all. When it happens over and over... It kills the fun of playing the game. It shouldn't have the kinds of issues it has. 1 or 2 crashes in 15 hours would have been acceptable. This isn't. It's a real shame too, because I love the game. I really hope they fix the problems as soon as possible. As they are quite frankly immersion breaking and frustrating as hell, which destroys the fun. When they fix it I'll change my recommendation.
argv	Not Recommended	1.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/argv/	Unfinished. 'Mech animations are primitive and wooden. MechWarrior 2 had better animations in 1995! Also, pacing is far too slow, with lots of unnecessary pauses (e.g. “your turn”/“enemy turn” lingers for a second or two before anything actually happens).
Queco Jones21	Recommended	114.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198006443883/	Kickstarter Backer here.So far, I am loving this. Had some issues at the beginning with the game not saving, but that got resolved and I could continue playing with no problem.Combat can be a bit on the slower side with the turn based system, but I think it fits perfectly with this game universe. Its no MechCommander, but it was never meant to be. This is based on the tabletop game after all. PLus I get to actually run my own Merc Company! Love it!Biggest Gripe is the camera.... the game likes to go to a cinematic view for most combat actions, and sometimes all I get is a view of a giant rock/mountain/building... you can adjust it in the menu options thankfully, but it still tends to happen. Minor issue really.If you like the Battletech universe, or just big robots fighting it out, get this!
wandrecanada	Not Recommended	39.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/wandrecanada/	The game has a lot on offer but it's issues with balance seems to make the game feel like a terrible slog and the AI seem to have cheat level abilities.I really like X-Com. I've played many games of it's kind and while they can feel punishing at times it's usually because I have made a tatical error or a bad roll at a critical time. Where Battletech falls short of this is that the enemy AI seems to have powerful abilities beyond your own.  The AI seems to always get the better of you with overwhelming forces that can make magically enhanced killshots consistantly from mission to mission. The player on the other hand is hamstrung by a punishing money management sim where you play missions to barely stay afloat and are only afforded a single 4 mech lance. Shot accuracy displays of 90% will miss frequently. Enemy vehicles in the game can move as fast as a mech and some can even host weapons that surpass the capacity of heavy mechs.There is a good game buried in here somewhere.  Unfortunatly every time I sit down to play it makes me want to come back less and less.  The game is either very poorly balanced or the developer decided that mechanics outweigh fun. Either way I cannot recommend the game as it stands. 
brogonzo	Recommended	14.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/brogonzo/	Product received for free
rinor85	Not Recommended	107.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198107011538/	EDIT: Only now I realize why this game sucks hard. It's an SJW product. As with all SJW games, the game is poorly made and the devs are more concerned with pushing their ideologies than making it fun to play. Also SJW folks tend to be hugely defensive and redirect any honest criticsm of their work towards their person instead ie. "You don't like this game because you hate tranny devs!"I don't give a rat's♥♥♥♥♥about ideologies, but if you use your ideologies as a fallback excuse to make ♥♥♥♥♥♥ games, YOU GET THE DOWN THUMB!Now, on to the actual review...--I have played the game from beginning to end. This game runs like a sloth, even on my beast of a PC. Menus take seconds to react to clicks and loading screens are abound everywhere, ranging from the ones hidden via dropship animations to actual ones. The game is apparently coded very poorly, and gets bloated more and more the longer I play it. There are repeatable random side missions and the missions of the main campaign. The latter is annoying and forgettable. The game initially entices you to a mirage of roleplaying by assigning choices of family history and faction lineage to the commander you are playing the role at - just to then proceed to slap you in the face with completely inconsequential conversation choices afterward.Every time there is a conversation popping up while running the main mission paths. I just mashed my mouse and clicked whatever conversation choice without even reading and it doesn't even make a difference. This game breaks the lore of Battletech tabletop, immersion and logic. Gargantuan, lumbering mechs can dodge bullets, hyper-mach speed rockets and light speed lazers. Equipment once destroyed, or even grazed with damage ( termed as getting Critted in the game) are completely irreplaceable, but mechs, being relics of a technological golden age, sophisticated almost to the point of them being worshipped as works of sorcery, can easily be replaced and repaired, and even -reassembled- together like lego from separate parts. The game, or rather, the officers in your dropship, treats you like a dumbass by constantly reminding you to maintain funds for monthly payouts and train your warriors. There are no options to slience them. Random events can occur while travelling betwen planets, but instead adding flair they just add annoyance and encourages reloading. Travelling between planets is a super annoying chore - because one has to sit through the unskippable animation of the ship docking to a relay and undocking multiple times. Alt-tabbing is useless because of the travel interrupted by random events, officer nagging and monthly payout notices.When in doubt, copy XCom. Mix RNG ♥♥♥♥ery with turn-based combat and you get bullet-dodging as I mentioned above, and rage uninstall moments that happen purely by chance. Whoops, your mech can shrug off an AC-20 to the chest but a tiny weeny single SRM missle that barely dented the outside armor will insta-destroy a rare weapon or component you tried so hard to grind. Game needs to be manually and intensively modded beforehand in order to be fun. Aint that great? Players are the beta testers of today. Give devs even more incentive to be lazy and rush out a poorly optimized game.My recommendation? Get this game for cheap, manually mod the JSON files to speed up the game / skip intros / etc, play through the campaign once, then maaaaybe try the RogueTech mod, then put it in the shelf.
Eddison	Not Recommended	76.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197990236410/	I want to like this game, but it is so buggy and crashes so frequently that I just can't recommend it. It's compelling and fun when it works but crashing at the end of a long mission with no save except before it started is unacceptable.
Sirwinsalot	Recommended	15.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/sirwinsalot7/	I DO enjoy this game however you can see the lack of varing mechs aswell as the lacking multiplayerit will be pretty solid in due time once they release all their addons and expansions AND HOPEFULLY workshop support HOWEVER if the game remains like this i advise you not buy it.its a good battletech game, its ALL there but the puzzle is missing a few pieces to finish it,  The fear i have is that they released it cheap and vanilla to SELL more addons (CK2 and Stellaris for refrence)Fingers crossed.
Tasorin	Not Recommended	136.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197997030575/	Glad that Jordan was able to pull some of the IP together over the last several years. I just wish that HBS would get rid of PGI all together and get a real Dev house to Make MW 5. The only real issues with this title isn't with HBS, it's PDX and it's Online DRM, which needs to be pushed out by HBS. You can expect PDX to micro-DLC the bajesus out of the Campaign while not working much on game mechanics. Biggest issue with PDX and this title is the save system. It's beyond bad and a group of people at PDX apparently think that spending 2 hours in a mission in forced IronMan is how a save system should work. Did the RNG or the scripted hidden Mek just turbo you into the ground? Guess what, you get to start the entire mission over. Yeah, you pushed the save button in round 9, 14, 19 and then again in round 25, right before the end mission Mek appears and sticks it in some Mek Jock's tail pipe. Second issue is the scaling. AI get's up-tonned into Heavies and you still are trying to somehow find pieces of a crappy medium mek so that you can get it all shot to pieces and go further in the C-Bill hole because PDX didn't balance the campaign out of the box and just shipped it as is.Once either the Mod community or PDX fixes some basic functionality, I will change my review to positive.
Dorb	Recommended	8.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198001165827/	What else can be said that has not already been said.If you like fighting with giant robots, buy it.If you do not like fighting with giant robots, don't buy it.As for problems, I have not had any yet, so seems fine. Do wish there was a manual.
MonkeyEmperor	Not Recommended	0.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/pressanykeysite/	Cant recommend this game in its current state. My PC is well above the recommended specs but it seems to run like an elephant trying to ride a unicycle through treacle. From booting up the game to actually getting into the first mission took 25 minutes mainly consisting of black loading screens with a teeny pop up bit of text in the top left of the screen. Not really something that gets my blood pumping with anticipation. When I did get to the first mission I thought `WOAH that is FUGLY`. I tried to rotate the camera around which let to a vomit inducing blurry effect. Putting all the GFX settings to low didn't seem to change that. Shooting the first dummy mech was underwhelming to say the least with a crappy looking laser and a very poor `blowing up` effect.Totally underwhelmed.
Cray935	Not Recommended	26.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/cray935/	Battletech's Campaign is good in terms of gameplay and story. You're the head of a privateer company and can play freely and/or stick to the story. There is plenty room for addons and an endless play mode / free play.The battles are turn-based and very tactical.The biggest issue with the game is its bad performance. Long loading screens up to 1 minute pull you out of the game. Additionally to this the game is crashing almost every 10 to 50 minutes, sometimes even on saving the game. This makes the game very bad in terms of playing as you have to replay missions several times. The tutorial mission of the campaign I had to play it 4 times because the game crashed several times, 1 time during the long cut scene after the mission.I've got a high level pc for gaming.I already reported such issues on the forums and sent all the info they wanted to have but there was no response or patch announcement. I suggest you to wait until the games becomes stable, 40,- are not fun in its current state.
SoulTie	Recommended	577.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198032414439/	This! This is what I always envisoned while playing the boardgame. This is what Battletech always meant for me. Tears to my eyes. I cannot praise it enough.
Androth	Recommended	90.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198052497097/	Recommended with a caveat.This is the game i’ve been waiting for a long time. It has finally arrived in a grand way. The main story is good, the story missions are well designed, the graphics while unimportant are great, the UI is well designed lacking only in some QOL features. And it had the potential of staying in my library for a long time.Unfortunately it has reached the point where the one caveat has become too annoying. I’ve put in a lot of hours in this game, and probably a good 1/6th of that has been waiting on load screens. The game is poorly optimised and just opening the settings dialogue could cause a cascading memory leak forcing a restart (which could literally take over 5 minutes).It is also easy, but this is a function of Battletech design rather than a game flaw. The opponents in the missions generally use stock mechs, while a good player will likely have a kitted lance that can alpha-strike an assault mech to death using a lights or mediums and precision strikes.Modding can change the difficulty a bit and provides much more depth to the game beyond the main mission. If you can tolerate the long waiting on loading screens, and love battletech, this game will give you many hours of enjoyment.  
Nab	Recommended	101.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/naborn/	While not without faults, this is a highly enjoyable interpretation of a tabletop game I missed for more than 20 years.There is very little handholding which might put some off who have never entere the BT universe before.
paramedicscan03022011	Not Recommended	10.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198125048964/	Stay away for now.  Many crashes and optimization issues.i7-7700 @ 4.232 GB DDR4GTX1080TIGPU running 100% on game that should barely even be utilizing half those specs.  Check the officical forums.  Server issues at launch.  Little dev interaction on the forums as to how to fix or work around all the issues being presented.  Disappointing to see.  They might fix things, but right now I can't even play the game.  I'm running in the high 70's temp wise when I barely hit 60 running ultra setting on everything from Far Cry 5, Bioshock, Tomb Raider, Witcher 3, just to name a few.
spacefiddle	Not Recommended	38.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/spacefiddle/	If you're a MechCommander fan, beware. After 30 hours in, my guts tell me the right move is "stay away." Hugely disappointing. I got this on sale, and I still feel salty about it; I feel sorry for the poor suckers who backed the Kickstarter (increasingly a joke of a funding method) or paid full price. Now I see they're preparing DLC for it? Wonderful. Maybe take some of that Kickstarter money and make a well-crafted game, before making another cash grab?The Good, the Bad, and the Ugly, in the order I encountered it:Firstly this game's coding is an ugly mess. I have installed on a Samsung SSD, because in 2018 installing a turn-based tactical RPG on an SSD should mean you get instantaneous loading and excellent performance, right? HAHAHAHA NOPE, this thing runs like molasses going uphill in January. Load screens are constant and near-eternal. The freaking "timeline advancement" constantly hitches every 10 frames or so, and there's no way to speed it up. The game constantly hitches and freezes during gameplay.  It's embarassing.  Horrifically shoddy work, and this isn't some esoteric tech analysis; this is a frustrating, maddening in-your-face issue constantly during gameplay. I have the game's combat speed turned up to max and the GUI and gameplay are still dog-slow. It's awful.The thing you REALLY need to watch out for, BattleTech fans, is YOU WILL BE LIMITED TO A SINGLE LANCE OF FOUR MECHS FOR THE ENTIRE GAME. Like most RPG-ish things, you expect upgrades and progression, right? Here's your Dropship, here's the first Mech Bay. Here you can see you can get two more mech bays, tripling your available Mechs. You can increase crew quarters and have two dozen pilots standing by. AND NONE OF IT MATTERS BECAUSE YOU CAN ONLY USE ^&*)_$?!!ING FOUR AT A TIME. This is *ESPECIALLY* brilliant, because the background is that you are a Merc company and so you are paying for every single useless pilot and mech lying around not being used.On top of that, since you'll be facing a billion hostiles as the game goes on with your measly 4 mechs, that means you can toss all your "scout mechs" out the window. All tactical gameplay is nerfed; just shove everyone into the heaviest mechs with the most armor.It's like someone decided the best way to run a Merc outfit would be to constantly be losing your mechs and getting your pilots killed and so have plenty on standby. Fire that person.On top of that, the AI will mindlessly ignore any damage it takes, threats it's facing, or objectives, to chase down and focus fire on your most damaged mech. The AI is apparently a PvPer, or something, because it's unrealistic that every single pilot from every single faction in every single mission would sacrifice itself for this mindset. The tunnel-vision AI exposes the other flaws even more, since the enemy can move, like, 7 mechs and 5 turrets in one turn while you're trying to bring a target down with your 4. Oh, and your mechs have "hardpoints." As in, remember the old BattleTech sheets where you could get creative with your loadouts and HA HA HA NOPE, THIS LEFT TORSO OF THIS MECH CAN ONLY CARRY A MISSILE WEAPON, THE RIGHT ARM OF THAT MECH CAN ONLY CARRY BALLISTIC WEAPONS, customization is meaningless and specialization is pointless.gg.avoid this dog. What a waste. Someone clearly decided to ignore every actual feature of strength of the Battletech universe, stuck their cranium firmly up their ♥♥♥♥♥♥, and did whatever scatterbrained amateur idea popped into their head. Awful. So annoying.  
cinderblock	Recommended	101.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197991763071/	So far this game is everything I have wanted and more.  In regards to the slow turns, just turn off all the cinematics in options and game plays great.  I haven't encountered any bugs or crashes, if anything UI commands are a little clunky, like having ti use escape to back out of actions.  Can move another unit while one is still taking his move so turns feel quick to me.  Weapons feel great and have great sounds and impact.update after a few days: Can't say enough good things about this game.  I can say a few bad too, mainly that its a little rough around the edges and enemy turns can be sped up a bit.  Hopefully they patch that eventually.  I've always wanted to play Battletech tabletop, and have always been in love with the franchise after playing Battletech at Virtual World when I was a kid (was a big LAN arcade type thing at a movie theater in the 90s).  Anyway I hate writing, but I love this game, it lets me play tabletop battletech anytime I want w/o having to keep track of a hundred things.  Can't thank HBS enough for this.  If anything wait for a patch or two if you are used to highly polished AAA games.I will add that I would probably be a bit confused as hell if I wasn't already aware of a lot of the battletech mechanics.  tutorial was a bit lacking maybe, and explanations for some UI stuff, had to figure it out on my own, but all the options were there.
Ligachev	Not Recommended	152.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198008432379/	I have a love\hate relationship with this game. I love the concept, love the gameplay, and love the customizability. I can feel the love from the Devs.  However, I'm extremely disappointed in how sluggish loading times are and also very frustrated with the file management system. My rig should be able to soundly handle this game.File management lacks the following:-Save overwriting (cut down on the volume of saves). Each time you "Save" it automatically creates a new save file.-Due to volume of saves, it compounds the time it takes to bring up the "Load" menu.-File deletion: You can't select multiple save files to delete simultaneously, leaving you to click OK and then wait for the list to refresh.-Bug related to deleting files while accessing Load menu from Starting Screen: tried to delete an old save; it not only failed to do so, but also decided to load the save file (which feels like forever).I'd love to play this game for hours but I don't want to dedicate most of that time to Load screens.
[DFC] Sensei	Recommended	50.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/DFCSensei/	I strongly recommend this if the idea of a bit slower, more complicated X-Com sounds good to you. The strategic options afforded by customizing your team of mechs are great, and it can be extremely satisfying to see a coordinated strategy bring down a stronger foe- and you'll always be trying to it as quickly and efficiently as possible, because if you don't, they'll kill Dekker in a heartbeat and even thoguh you might not feel remorse for his death, it's gonna take a month to wash his brains off the 'Mech he was piloting so it can fight again and you'll need to find new weapons for it somewhere.RIght now there's still a few downsides:-The biggest is that waiting for turn animations to play out is unnecessarily slow. Fortunately, there are user workarounds already and it's been mentioned by the devs as a priority for their first patch.-Some people have experienced crashing, also a priority for a patch-Intel on a mission is deliberately poor (the amount of enemies you will be fighting is randomized somewhat) and might also be affected by a bug where reinforcements show up immediately at the start of a mission instead of part way through. This is also a candidate for a fix.-The AI is viscious, and will sometimes attempt to gang up on your weakest unit and kill them with no regard for their personal safety or a mission objective (sorry Dekker)-The tutorial leaves some very important things unsaid (The Eject button could have saved Dekker) so it's a good idea to read a user written tutorialOverall, I've got quite a lot of enjoyment out of the game. I wouldn't hesitate to pick it up, but if you're unsure it will be improved by some patches in the near future. Developers HBS have a great history of supporting their games (Shadowrun got multiple expansions as big as the base campaign plus new gameplay features) so I don't expect this will go un-loved.
mistformsquirrel	Recommended	77.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197987724462/	This game is basically designed as a love letter to the tabletop Battletech game.  I've been a fan of it for ages, and this just feels so *right*.  I don't actually know how to put into words how well this game 'gets' Battletech.  The machines are big, clumsy walking tanks, the battles are long drawn out slugfests,  wear and tear accrued in combat being a serious concern for your mercenary company... melee combat between mechs is more "one very large drunk person hitting another very large drunk person very hard, possibly by just leaning into them" - and this is all Right.This is how Battletech should look and feel.  Stompy, grungy and worn.The combat itself, in addition to being thematic, is quite satisfying to me - you can beat some pretty long odds *if* you play with skill.  The AI doesn't seem to be exceptionally strong, but it also doesn't seem to be painfully stupid either.  (For instance, if one of your machines is damaged, it seems like they have a strong tendency to all gang up on that one... which makes sense; it's what you'd do too.)There are a few things to be aware of however, because this game isn't going to be for everyone:1) The graphics are not cutting edge.  They aren't even that great.  That's fine for me; but if that's what you came for - this isn't going to be your thing.2) There is some mild animation hitching in places - it doesn't happen super often that I can tell, but it is noticable.  So if this is going to drive you up the wall, maybe wait for it to be fixed.3) The biggest negative - you cannot skip or speed up animations in combat; which can make a fight that is already long (because that's how mech combat is), take even longer.  This is unfortunate and probably the thing that will put the most people off who'd otherwise be interested.  I'm willing to put up with it, but it's up to you if it's going to get in the way of enjoying the game.Equally you cannot speed up time while in transit on the galaxy map - and sometimes this can take awhile.  Again, not a dealbreaker for me; but it might for other people and it's worth you being aware of it.TL;DR -If you love tabletop Battletech and the universe that surrounds it, don't mind slightly outdated graphics and some waiting, you will probably love this game.  If waiting for an animation to finish drives you nuts, or you're expecting quick Gundam-style Mecha... maybe skip this one.  I can definitely see this being a divisive game among people who don't know the universe at all, since the appeal (to me at least) largely lies in that aspect and the combat.
taelengar	Not Recommended	104.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Taelengar/	Very weak AI, limited gameplay mechanics, a completely forgettable story which before long will have you speed-clicking through every dialogue box, and forget trying to go your own way, player choice on who you work for and ally with is an illusion at best.  Rather disappointing, Mech-Commander 3 or Mech-Commander: Mercenaries this is not.
Joanne [MY]	Recommended	218.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198120188609/	I love this game!I used to play MechCommander (1998) and I loved that. Played that game many, many times. This (BattleTech) is similar, but way much better (of course)!The only thing bad about this game is the extremely long loading time.
Fuyu Yuki	Not Recommended	161.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198022050976/	Battletech is a turn-based strategy game based on the popular Battletech franchise, with elements of time management and grand strategy similar to the Europa Universalis series, tied together with a story about your mercenary group helping an exiled princess reclaim her kingdom. The game works for the most part, the graphics aren't too bad and there's obviously been a lot of effort put into it. It's quite a good game most of the time, but I'm very hesitant to recommend it in its current state. There are several reasons why:  Performance Issues: Paradox Interactive are notorious for long loading times, but never have their games ran poorly. Battletech often does - and for no obvious reason. The game lags so much at times I thought there was something wrong with my mouse. Buttons are hard to press and my pointer jumps about to the extent that it's hard to do anything. Just for the record, my computer far exceeds the recommended spec. The interface is rather clunky too, in particular the mech customisation screen where you have to drag and drop equipment into various 'slots'. Trying to line them up is a nuisance, as the interface follows your mouse arrow, rather than the item you're dragging. Yet the mission preparation interface works in the opposite way, for some reason. Story/Random Events: The story, to be honest, is quite interesting and some effort has clearly gone into it, far more than can be said for the 40K Sanctus Reach TBS game, although that ran a hell of a lot smoother. You can go to different systems to fulfil whatever mercenary contracts you feel you're capable of doing in between priority missions (which advance the story). Your ultimate goal is to fight off the usurpers and get the princess back on her throne, who has her own problems (more about her later). During your travels, random events can occur. There aren't many of them and they quickly become repetitive. I've had my crew accidentally get delivered Triple F burgers at least three times and every answer gets the same response. Some will provide morale bonuses for your character, which are supposedly timed, but are actually permanent (this is a known bug). The decisions you make during the conversations with the other characters don't seem to have any impact on the game at all. The Bugs And Other Annoying Stuff: Here is a brief but far from exhaustive list: In one mission, you're required to take over a prison. As soon as you break through the gates, your NPC Princess decides to pull a Leroy Jenkins and join the battle by herself from the opposite side of the prison. One of your tasks is to prevent the four mechs she's charged at from killing her. Up to this point, I'd played almost perfectly, but my characters were too far away to help and she got killed in two turns. Mission failed. Not fair. And frankly that suicidal charge didn't exactly endear me to her (maybe it's safer just to leave the current dictator in charge?) In a later mission, you're required to stop enemy APCs invading a spaceport. No problem: I'd done similar missions before. But now for some reason my characters that could previously one-shot heavy mechs can't hit the broad side of a barn (dice loading?) Princess Leroy then decided to start channelling Captain Hindsight and warned me that the APCs are getting close to the starport after they'd already invaded it. Gee, thanks for the heads up. There's odd messages like that in regular missions too, like your XO warning you about enemy reinforcements arriving after you'd already killed them (this happened a number of times.) The different contracts you do don't seem to have a time limit and there don't appear to be any consequences for fooling around for weeks when "urgent" missions appear. In short, Battletech has been released too early and there's plenty of stuff here to be patched.Errata: It would appear that Paradox is merely the publisher, not the producer, which is Hare Brained Schemes.
SmilingWorlock	Not Recommended	23.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/smilingworlock/	I really like the Battletech Universe, and I want to like this game as well. For the most part, its fun to play and has an intriguing story. But for someone who takes a more recreational approach to games, bottomline is I just cannot recommend it.- Loading times are excrudiating- There is no autosave in missions. You have to do it by hand.- Sometimes fighting feels just random- Pilots don't auto-eject, and always die when a mech goes down (or they get injured too often). On paper, thats maybe an intresting tactical dilemma, but in reality, that just means you have too save every turn, because mechs can go from perfectly fine, no enemy in sight to "your valuable veteran is dead" without giving you a chance to move that mech (or even eject). And than you have to suffer the loading time - if you saved manually.- There are interuptions in the flow for everything you do, because every move, every shot, every turn hase little  pauses at the beginning and the end.All this makes the gameplay extremly tedious and frustating in the long run.
Karede	Not Recommended	65.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198006937497/	The game has potential, but isn't really a good battletech game in it's current form. MercNet is nearly useless since it only gives you mission for the system you are in or immediately nearby, as if HPGs don't exist for making contracts known. The skull system, a mission's difficulty rating, means nearly nothing since missions are RNG and will often seal club you for no better reason than it can. I went on a single skull mission to kill a rogue lance and ran into two trebuchets and a wolverine while still piloting mechs on the lighter end of medium. True, they had less armor due to being in "bad repair" but their weapons more than made up for that making the mission unwinnable for my lance. Yes, withdrawing is an option, but it's not a good option since you will most often end up with a lance in need of heavy repairs and no way to continue earning money. The game in it's current form basically encourages save scumming and that is never a good thing. Then there is the ridiculous amount of time the game wastes, from travel time between worlds to the long turn times on missions themselves. I get that it takes time to travel through space, but let's not force people with limited play time every week to actually travel the stars in real time. It's stupid. Hopefully they will remedy some of these things in the future, but for now, this game is basically a waste of time.
blcheney258	Not Recommended	101.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198024153030/	The game has it's enjoyable moments. It is battletech.  That being said, it feels very uninspired. Story line is weak and many of the basic features of the game are dissappointing after a short time. Mech customization feels unrewarding and limited. Light mechs become almost useless early in the game, especially since maxing out a mechs evasive movement seems to give little protection I've learned not to trust the hit percentages. Also not far into the game it's not irregular to face off your single lance of mechs against two or three enemy lances. Good luck getting to the objective and then running away. Point being that there seems to be little balance or difference to trying actual tactics versus just trying to demolish the enemy head on every time. Then there's the fact that you're in a huge map with many planets to visit, which is good considering the scale of said universe is supposed to be vast. However, there is no reward to attempted visits to random planets. There's no way to forsee what might be for sell in on said planet, what missions will be available, and wether or not you'll be able to even take said missions. So end result is wasted time. All in all the game is not horrible, but so far from feeling truly complete that I would suggest you just wait for it to go on sale.
Kash Register	Recommended	57.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197994353193/	Fantastic game with fantastic art. The gameplay is exactly what I've been looking for in a Battletech game since I first played Crescent Hawks Inception so many many years ago.  You Must Buy This Game.
Bat ▫ Ғђ	Recommended	40.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/sleepyslazy/	I don't play this genre of game very often (ever), but I gave it a try and played it. It was fun. You know those times you remember a time you had fun, and then do other things and try to relate those things to a thing... THIS IS THAT THING! Buy and play this. Play it by yourself because you deal with people all the time. Then, go to work and desire to play this more. Ruin those plans with people you made so you can play this. ALL YOU NEED IS A GTX 1050 and medium resolution. People say you need this and that... the game will work fine. I remember when we use to lag for fun, this is nothing. Buy this game, spend the forty bucks and ignore your friends or family or significant other for two weeks. Then, when you play a mech game in 5 years or whatever... remember Battletech.
plus brut	Not Recommended	34.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198028297343/	This game is still completely broken nearly 5 months after release. The performance is unforgivably bad, dipping down to < 20 FPS for most of the experience (i7, GTX 970, 16GB RAM, SSD) despite trying all the fixes on the forums and reddit. The last straw was just now after coming off a 5 hour session only to find that the game has not saved any of my progress. I couldn't even save manually as in all menus it said "Cannot save unless first turn of combat" or something to that effect, even when not in a mission. Literally unplayable, avoid.
Holderist	Recommended	64.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/fnarlite/	Battletech is one of the fictional universes that dominated my childhood and youth.  From the cartoon, toys, games, and novels; loved them all.  When the Kickstarter for the game appeared on my radar from a company that made the Shadowrun trilogy of games which I enjoyed there was no hesitation to back it.  So you know I'm coming from a bit of a historical bias here.If you're also a Battletech / Mechwarrior fan you have probably already bought this game. If you've never been a fan then you just need some reasons to.If you have previously enjoyed either Shadowrun or XCOM then you will like this game. The basic premise is that you lead a squad of mercenaries through a series of missions. Your main contract (the storyline missions) is assisting a princess who lost her kingdom in a coup. Otherwise you are 'free' to roam the stars and take other jobs. Free in quotations because everything costs money, and one of the challenges in the early game, much like XCOM, is managing your budget.Other reviews here might complain about the RNG of shots, but that is essentially what a lot of these types of games are using under the hood. It's just visible in this case because the game is based off the Battletech tabletop game. So, if you have ever seen the memes for XCOM where the soldier is standing point blank with a shotgun to an alien's face, with a 95% hit chance. Then takes the shot and misses. You are going to see that, no lies. You will also see your multiple salvos of missiles streak majestically over a hill and pummel the enemy mechs, and scorching the earth around them.The soundtrack is fantastic. Sound effects for your AC20 has sufficient weight, lasers pew nicely. Very well done voice acting.Like those two afformentioned games you will see load screens. With the game installed on my SSD load times weren't so bad, unless I felt I needed to save scum (be prepared for pilots to die).On the note of death, difficulty on main missions can vary. It's your choice whether you want to grind a little to get better mechs and equipment, or tough it out.  Those moments when you are outnumbered and outgunned can be very intense (tip: be aware of your facing, and spread damage - losing a limb or getting your ammo crit is worse than having a bit of damage all over).   If I had one issue it's that your mechs can't shield eachother from fire; I can't park another mech in front to obscure and absorb shots meant for another mech.Performance wise the game ran really good on my machine.  The game never crashed, no glitchiness that I noticed, though near the end of my game there were a few stutters in some menus, which I read might be inventory related.How do I close? I'm allowing comments, so if you have questions about something that I didn't mention I'll be happy to answer.  Get the game. If you're unsure or on a budget you're just waiting for a sale, if you're from /r/patientgamers then I'm sure you'll get to it eventually.
The Immortal Black Mage	Not Recommended	336.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/immortalblackmage/	I backed this game on kickstarter. I was hoping for a little bit of what I enjoyed when I was younger: big stompy mechs wandering around a battlefield, completing missions, and becoming the #1 merc company there was. I've played it a lot at this point, and I'm disappointed overall. The game is good for skrimish mode, perhaps, but not much more. I mostly played campaign mode.++++++ Mechs:The big stompy mechs are mostly there, although good luck getting the ones you want. At least in my playthrough if you like Shadowhawks, Thunderbolts, and Orions, you're set. You want a Victor or a Cataphract? Good luck ever seeing enough of them to get enough scrap to salvage one. Want some selection for assault mechs? All I've seen is a pair of King Crabs and a handful of Highlanders. I'd like an Atlas, or at least the opportunity to just purchase mechs aside from the pittance you're thrown of the single light, the single medium, or the locusts. + Difficulty:But perhaps that's to the whims of RNG. I'm not thrilled with it, but that's the way the dice fell. I can accept that. What's frustrating is that when you really want a challenge- when you want to take on those Level 5 difficulty missions (and you haven't completed the campaign) you can't find them. At all. I've had 2 come up the entire time I've played, and both times I was denied them because my merc level wasn't high enough. Bear in mind that I had 2 perfect 10's pilots and was fielding 4 Assault mechs per mission at that point in the game, but it wasn't enough to get the highest difficulty. Late game challenges don't exist- the missions which are generated are a joke. I've run missions telling me that someone is running a big nasty mech as bait and you need to go spring the trap- in reality, it's another 80 ton tank with 4 medium mechs as backup. And this is a 4/4.5 difficulty mission. What. The. ♥♥♥♥.More difficulty? More mechs. Not good ones. I've had 10v4 mech pileups which were hard as hell only because it's hard to deal with that amount of incoming firepower at once. I'd be impressed if it were tactical, but those missions only happen because the units were randomly put in those specific locations.+ Missions:This game turned into the mindless background movie I turn on when I'm trying to play a game- there's no real engagement. Missions are small and samey. There's about 5 different ones and the maps don't really feel different. There are several maps which appear to be specific mission/environment combos (looking at you kill the caravan/Desert setting) which gets dull as hell as you play it for the 5th time. Even if missions say 'we need you right now!', you can just go hover over the world for a week or two of in-game time and nothing matters at all. You'll never fight a mission at less than 100%.Not only that, but except for the main storyline, there are no other sidequests. I'll get into that more with the campaign. Finally, the mission rewards are a crapshoot. Either you can get scrap or you get cash. Get cash until you get 10 million, then just keep getting scrap. There's nothing to spend money on, and you can just sell the salvaged mechs you keep taking in. + Campaign:Wow. It's amazing how terrible the writing for this campaign is. This game was billed as a merc company going around the periphery and completing contracts, and being fair- it does have that. But being a badass merc plays second fiddle to the whiny "I wanna be the queen" paper cutout of a character and her melodrama. There are NO sidequests I've discovered in almost 300h of play. NONE.You don't get to be a badass merc going around, completing contacts,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off groups and befriending others. You get enough money to help the paper cutout of a queen try to take back her kingdom. Why do we care about this character? The story seems to think that we'll have a strong emotional connection to her for some reason, and that her plight is compelling. In reality, the writing is so poor that you can just skip past all of the scenes where people talk to each other and you won't miss much. There's no compelling reason for your character to help her- you're just expected to think it's absolutely wonderful that you're going to. With the writing being as dull as it is you may miss the reason why you're fighting a group of people, but that doesn't really matter at all. Even after blowing up a dropship filled with innocent citizens of the Taurian empire you're not banned from going into Taurian space (in fact, most of the harder difficulty planets are there), you're not hunted by the Admiral (commander?) who swore to hunt you down because his son was on that ship, and there's no faction penalty for purchasing anything from the Taurians. There's no penalties to doing what Queen Cutout does. Faction rewards are more money. That's it. There's literally nothing else for a wandering merc. No unique stores with faction specific mechs, or gear or pilots. Just 10% more payout from missions (no bonus to scrap) and a discount at the local store (with RNG loot).Campaign missions are astoundingly off. There are missions here which would have been great to have elsewhere- defending bases from waves of mechs, sprinting to blow up a relay with mechs and turrets trying to stop you, and others. It's a shame these are all one offs- they'd be a great switchup in the standard merc missions. As it is, when you complete these missions you get terrible dialog by Queen Cutout expounding you to care, fight harder, rescue an attache, etc. Very, very dull. Just some queen on the Periphery and literally nothing else to do. The only other dialog aside from the queen's and your responses (which are always a variation of 'yes ma'am, I'll go do what you want right now') are the other characters on the ship, who have the personality of circus peanuts and lack the depth of a saucer. Why are they there? Finally, as a last note, I see the diversity patrol has been along for this game. No white people anywhere except as the villians. Hardly even a white pilot to be hired except as Kickstarter Pilots, let alone a white man.++ Overall +++ Too much SJW 'I need to care about this character because she's a woman' and gender/identity/race politics sprinkled throughout the game. + Too little mission variety. + Too little mech variety. + Useless characters on the ship- why would I ever talk to them?+ If you don't like the main storyline in the campaign, you won't like the game. It's the only thing that's there.I'm incredibly disappointed by this game. Harebrained did very well with the Shadowrun games, which I enjoyed a lot, Dragonfall especially. I will not be backing another one of their games again in a kickstarter.EDIT --- I've now completed the game. And what a nothingburger.The story's climax is DOA, and it does NOTHING to be fulfilling. The other major powers never interfere (Major powers = Capellans, Davian, Free Rassalhauge, etc) and there are literally no stakes. If this had a campaign mode like the old Command and Conquer games where you could take branching missions to end up with different results, or something like the Dawn of War campaign mode where taking different areas would allow you to have perks of some variety the game would have been greatly helped. But it doesn't, and the game suffers for it.I'd say this is a lot like HBS' first Shadowrun game, and can only hope that their next Battletech game will be much more like Dragonfall. Regardless, don't be fooled. Come for the mechs, leave because aside from skrimishes, the game has nothing to keep you here.
Liesmith	Not Recommended	20.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ycsliesmith/	I really like the Battletech universe, going back to when I was a kid. Mechwarrior 2 was one of those formative gaming experiences, and MW2 Mercenaries is one of the GOATs imo. Thats why it's such a bummer to say that this game blows.It blows for a couple of reasons. The story sucks, the gameplay is broken, and the game has no respect for your time.Lets talk story. Early in the game, you start working for this space princess and discover that her enemy has gulags. She gives this insane speech where she's talking about how she spent years hanging around in Cappellan palaces while her people died and she didn't pay any attention to them. Then everyone responds like 'wow, what a raw and heartfelt speech, this woman is a credit to her family of space kings.' It's surreal. Later on, someone blames her for sitting around doing nothing while his daughter was tortured to death. she sends you on a mission where she says 'he's right to be mad, i feel real bad about his dead son.' This character is just unbelievably selfish and unlikeable, to the point where she can't remember the gender of the dead kid, and the game just doesn't acknowledge it. You never get a chance to ditch her and work for her enemies, or even say 'wow, this awful lady is completely full of♥♥♥♥♥♥' you can only say 'you are truly noble, great lady' or 'you are truly noble, but i don't care, i just want money.' it's terrible writing. There's a lot of it in there, lazy speechifying, weird characters, nonsensical ideas; that's just an example.Gameplay. My main beef with the gameplay is as follows: if you take any damage at all to your head component, your pilot is gonna get wounded and be out for weeks. This includes damage that doesn't penetrate armor. That means that if you get sprayed down with a machine gun or shot with srms, the odds of you taking a hit to the head that round are pretty high, and the two points of damage you take will incapacitate your pilot after the fight. three or four more rounds of that and your pilot is dead, having taken eight damage total to their 60 head armor. There are tanks that fire 30 srms at you at once. you're going to lose all your pilots fighting them. It's stupid and should have been noticed in playtesting; if your pilot only got wounded when the armor was stripped or when you took a head crit, this would be a reasonable mechanic. No respect for your time: THIS GAME IS INCREDIBLY SLOW. For some idiotic reason they actually added a delay to firing, on purpose. So you choose to fire some missiles, autocannons, and lasers at an enemy. your mech marches over, turns towards the enemy, pauses for a second, fires missiles, pauses for a second, fires autocannons, pauses for a second, fires lasers. Then there's a cinematic where you zoom around watching the mechs get hit or something This is fine at first, you don't even notice. but this is a game where you're playing dozens of rounds, firing four times a round most of the time, and all your enemies are firing and pausing too. it's glacial. You can turn off the Blam Cam cinematic stuff but you can't turn off the pausing or some of the zooming and it's just horrendous. There are also unskippable cutscenes every time you move to a different planet. You're moving between planets a lot this game, every couple of missions at least, and so there will be dozens of times where you will watch your ship fly into space, jump to lightspeed, appear near a jumpship, dock with the jumpship, which then jumps, then appears again, THEN JUMPS AGAIN IF ITS A MULTISYSTEM DROP, potentially multiple instances of this, then undocks with the jumpship and jumps away. every time this happens a minute of your life is gone, never to return. this cutscene never ever varies. Battletech, and by extension Harebrained Schemes, thinks your time has no value.Basically what i'm saying is give this pile a wide berth.
Hawkslayer	Recommended	23.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/hawk_nest/	Very fun old-school game in the same feel of Mechwarrior, and table-top Battletech.  Fun 1v1 multiplayer too, and hopefully we'll see COOP and 2v2 games in the future.  Highly recommended.
ϟϟ Colchis	Recommended	79.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/colchis/	Love it. Runs great on my Nvidia 1050 ti. Campaign is really fleshed out and reminds me of the old and new XCOM with base and team building.
Halooka	Recommended	64.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198018807350/	After playing the game for ~40 hours I can honestly say that the only complaint I have is long load times and the (incredibly) superficial issue of not being able to move my mechs around in the bays. Graphics are ok, plot has me excited to keep moving, and progression is slow enough that I'm getting to play around with all the different classes.Having played a ton of total war and 4x games I'm pretty much completely de-sensitized to load times but I reckon if you come into this game expecting a super sleek and fast ui you're going to be mad. I came here to pilot mechs and shoot rockets, gauss cannons, and lazors and in that regard I'm a very happy camper :)P.S. I saw a TON of reviews that were negative based on the load times and while I'm sure they can improve them... If the gameplay is good is it really going to kill you to wait 15-30 seconds before a mission? Yikes
i'm still learning	Not Recommended	11.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198009243639/	seriously i played and love all of the old mech warrior games and someday there was the best game of all time: mech commander and also ok: mech commander 2 and now what is this? i have to wait 100 days in game time until my mechs are repaired and meanwhile waiting all these days to play the next mission im out of credits. WTF - i waited over 2 years for this??? every second into this game i wish i could jump back to mech commander. make games better not worse! RIP Mech Warrior franchise
Dallan	Recommended	106.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/dallaninvictus/	After spending some time with this, the best way I can describe it is: this is Battletech getting the XCOM treatment.This is both in the good ways:-streamlining some overcomplicated or tedious mechanical details while maintaining the overarching feel of the original, -graphics and sound and music and presentation that are, if not AAA state of the art, certainly pretty nice for the strategy spaceand the bad ways:-animation pacing is kinda slow, and not all of that is because you're moving giant war machines rather than scampery dudes in body armour,-a lot of the shiny things that make you think "oh cool!" the first time eventually make you think "oh god not this again" while hammering whatever key you think will get you back to shooting robots (mashing a key rarely works, but there might be a setting in the options menu that does),-while I've been lucky myself not to have TOO many issues (aside from some fiddling I had to do to get it to not peg my GPU at 100% and spike the temperatures into egg frying territory), I'm sure there are some bugs, technical problems, and jank to be sorted out on various configurations.But at the end of the day, if you liked original Battletech (or just enjoyed the idea of it, like me, while never getting a chance to actually play) and you liked the XCOM remake then you will probably enjoy this. 8/10, could absolutely use some patches but in the meantime would get head-shot by an AC/20 or murdered instantly by a Death From Above attack again.
Truckin / YoDookie	Recommended	177.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197972747991/	BUY this game if you like mechs or the batletech universe. Super addicting single player campaign, I'm about 12 hours in and nowhere even close to scratching the surface of the whole map.UPDATE: Just wanted to update my review to add more info. I've put in around 75 hours so far into the game. I've beat the campaign once and want to go back through it again. Really looking forward for additional content and updates by HBS.
Darren	Not Recommended	0.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/darren_1337/	Even on an SSD, the load times are atrocious. There might be a good game behind it, but based purely on the load times, I couldn't recommend it.
Centurion(HUN)(RUS)	Not Recommended	65.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198003920102/	After the mission Escape with three assault mechs and bunch of heavy appeared... I do not recommend this game, it is just frustrating. While AI can put on huge lances you are bound to only 4 mechs(one lance) . Will wait for better battletech game. The price of the game should be maximum 30 dollars it does not deserve more.
Ezeze	Recommended	158.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198041305453/	I'd never touched a BattleTech game before this one, and I've found it a great introduction to the series. It features an extended tutorial which stretches through the first few story missions, giving you time to adjust to each added layer of complexity before the next one is introduced.By the time you're 'allowed' to play with the full range of available toys you are decently sure of how each one works. Though this game has more strategic and tactical depth than many others I've enjoyed at no point have I felt overwhelmed.A very enjoyable game that I recommend unconditionally.
JOwnsYou	Not Recommended	51.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198019020662/	The gameplay is far too slow. The auto generated missions you have to do in between story missions are boring. Escort missions (like in every game, ever) continue to be trash. RNG style games like this (and X-com among others) have this punishment fetish in that you're never given a guarenteed shot and I seem to miss an disproportionately high number of "95%" chance shots. I don't think the numbers were shown actually represent our hit chances. Further pushing this is that your mech's heads are given very low armor ratings. I've restarted many missions because my fighters die to one shot kills to the head. Not fun, punishing. I love the old Mech Warrior games but this does not work. Boring and punishing is what this is.Edited for spelling.
Malsain	Not Recommended	25.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198035945370/	1) Unfair balance2) Unfair dice rolls3) Animation stutters even on GTX 10804) Loading even a recent save takes forever5) Timer missionsI've tried to love this game, but it's simply broken now. There is not enough side missions to strenghten your mechs and crew, so when you have to take a main one, you are simply overpowered by a crowd of heavier mechs with better guns.
Snuggles	Not Recommended	10.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197972333960/	Great game, but needed a 4 month polish and increased budget to make it full release and feel not so indie.Pros: -decent visuals -Good story-decent resource and monetary management-A new battletech game.-music and art direction.Cons:-Unity engine (this game was made for a mobile release in the future).-Seemingly random lack of voice acting in some main story missions.-SRM tanks (they will zoom up and wreck you in one turn).-LRM tanks (they will shoot you from way further than your fov and wreck you)-PPC tanks (they will headshot your mech and kill your pilot instantly. Happened to me 5 times already).-Lack of additional actions (e.g. xcom had many different actions).-Lack of defensive actions(e.g. missle chaff, smaller mechs should have evasion buff or something to make them fieldable,different type of armor (ballistic or laser).-bigger mechs are better (most of the little mechs you'll only use for 2 or 3 missions).- bugs with deployment causing you to fight 5 mechs and 6 tanks at once.-unity engine againChaotic neutral -follows battletech lore ( to a fault e.g. tanks with 12 sets of missles and most mechs only fit 2 or 3 sets) 
Bell Fibe™ Internet	Recommended	56.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198066248440/	Similarly to XCOM 2, this is a great game plagued by a less than optimal launch. Performance can be shoddy, though not to the same extent of the bad performance XCOM 2 had at launch, for the most part I get a solid 50-60 fps on high settings though in some environments it can dip to 40. Doesn't bother me too much since it's a turn based strategy game but my PC is pretty strong and while this game looks good aesthetically it pretty far from being a graphically demanding game. Also similar to the XCOM 2 launch there may be some infrequent crashes, As well as some lengthy loading screens. Also a lot of the animations play out for too long and cannot be skipped. It's not too bad for a game where you only control 4 units but it can get really tedious sometimes to have to watch animations that last just a few seconds too long. Again XCOM 2 had this problem but was later addressed in a patch, I hope HBS listens to this common complaint which slows down the flow of an otherwise great game.Other than these technical problems, this game is pretty amazing. I have been a fan of battletech for a long time and have played countless hours of the tabletop game. One of my biggest concerns is that this game wouldn't capture the feeling of the tabletop game, and that it would be too dumbed down. However; this managed to far exceed my expectations as it manages to update the battletech rules to be more accessible while avoiding sacrifices to depth, and actually increases depth by redesigning many mechanics like the initiative system. Which breathes new life into otherwise neglected light mechs, and if you want to utilize the awesome power of assault mechs you will need escorts to prevent them from being easily outmanuvered.Not only did they nail the battletech feel in combat, but they also captured the style of the battletech universe in the campaign. The management component is fun and is surprisingly similar to a tabletop battletech campaign. and the setting, artwork, and soundtrack perfectly illustrate the universe. One thing I feel I gotta address is how some people seem upset about the option to use gender neutral pronouns, and the wide mixture of races you see. Saying it doesn't belong in a battletech game. I feel like it's worth remembering the location of the game, being in the south periphery, there is going to be a mixture of people from all over, people forget the close proximity to the Chinese and Russian background of the Capellan Confederation, the mixture of Eastern European, Arabic, and Indian cultures in the Free Worlds League, and the Magistracy of Canopus which has an emphasis on social freedoms. Also gender doesn't matter too much in battletech, with many famous mechwarriors being both male and female, doesn't seem too unreasonable for one to prefer being called a "them"
Lionheart	Recommended	49.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/red-fenix/	+ Engaging Story (similar to Game of thrones)+ Deep Gameplay mechanics and customization+ Respectable graphics with nice damage effects on Mechs+ XCOM style gameplay (combat/base management phases, turn based combat, permadeath, squad management)+ Competent AI- No voice acting, and what little there is, is bad at times (Prepare to read a lot if you want to follow the engaing storyline)- No Cinematic cutsecenes, just a comic style representation of key plot points- Basic Tutorial, so you will likely need 3rd party help to explain the more subtle mechanics- Performance can drop sometimes in the campaign, with regular freezes that last a couple of seconds (likely to be a minor memory leak, which can be patched in the near future)Score: 7/10 - Gameplay is excellent, and is a immediate purchase if your a fan of XCOM. It's just let down by budget related issues and easily patched performance bugs.
Macartimus	Not Recommended	7.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/macartimus/	As a Battletech nerd of over 20 years, I was beyond excited for this. It seemed like a faithful adaptation of the tabletop game, which held a lot more appeal for me than the Mechwarrior games. But after a few days and a dozen attempts, I'm hanging it up. This game is damn near unplayable in its current state. I'm hoping a forthcoming patch will address the performance issues and crashes, but for now I can't afford to spend an hour on a mission and then roll the dice on whether or not the game will crash before my progress is saved (which it does 90% of the time).My passion for the game and its history motivated me to give it as many chances as my patience could handle. So much potential, but pretty poor execution.
themightyhos	Recommended	234.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198012838392/	I rarely, if ever, write reviews; but this game warrants one.If you live within the 'instant gratification' world that so many gamers do nowadays then probably give this one a miss.However, if you managed to read past the second line you probably aren't a dumbed-down modern gamer and enjoy some complexity, depth and variety to your gaming, to you I would recommend this.I used to play tabletop battletech; I love this game as a repro of that experience, and then some, as this game is hugely customisable. I have a 'stock lance' and I also have a wide number of 'comedy' configs that I run out every-so-often to see 'what if', you can experiment till your heart's content in the mech bay.  I have a highlander with 4x LRM20 that just tears s**t apart, if someone got in range with a spitball it would fall apart but that's the fun thing about it, some risk/reward.I agree it can sometimes be a bit harsh, nothing like a lucky headshot to your pride and joy to trigger a rage-reset. But that's what reality would be like, luck sometimes plays a part.  On the odd occassion when you end up facing down 2+ assault lances and you actually win, it's great.  Sure, animations add a bit of time to the gameplay, but what is your rush? Just grab a beer slow down and enjoy.On second play though now.  Still loving it.  TBS and 4X Grand Strat lovers YES.  FIFA / PES players who can't handle the occassional loss, perhaps not.Looking forward to seeing expansions develop this one, it has legs.
Shadowcoast	Recommended	198.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198025197387/	Hello everyone! BATTLETECH is one of the best games I've played in the past 2 years! It's most notably describe as XCOM/XCOM 2 with Mechs which is a fairly accurate description, however, does not do the game justice. BATTLETECH goes beyond XCOM in so many aspects from Mech customization to leveling up the talent trees for your Mechwarriors. Despite having complex mechanics (need to pair Mechwarrior talents, customize your Mechs, pair the right Mechwarrior with the right Mech, utilize terrain, movement and positioning, negotiate contracts to determine salvage vs. building reputation vs. earning money and.... the list goes on) the game is easy to pick up and learn on the most basic level. 6/5 Stars in my book.For those on the fence, please feel free to check out my guide to get a sense of gameplay: https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1370684397I hope the review is helpful. Very fun game so far! I'll post an update once I complete my first full run through! Update: progression is good and difficulty scales pretty quickly! Overall still 6/5 Stars! I've been running a lot of procedural missions to increase Mechwarrior skills and build my C-bill and Mech stock. Have to figure out how to find certain Mechs in the game.
Upright1	Not Recommended	13.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198008546307/	The game is so very close to being good. You can feel the short cuts through out the campaign. Poorly fleshed out tutorials and tool tips. Clunky UI. A trip wire mission AI that still manages to accidently send all waves at one time if you travel the wrong direction on the map. Broken account registration. Hardware glitches that threaten to burn out your GPU. This isn't EA, no excuses.
nacon	Recommended	12.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/naconic/	Battletech is a solid entry in the Tactical RPG/Mech Combat Genre. There are areas that could be improved, but my overall experience has been very good.The singleplayer campaign puts you in charge of a mercenary company of mechs. The game does a good job easing one into the mechanics of the game, while not restricting your own exploration of the mechanics outside of the first few missions.Tactical Gameplay The player will typically find themselves leading a lance of 4 mechs into the battle over the course of the game. This is the basic unit of action for everything you will do. Mech choices and matchups matter; the distance from which you are engaging, presence of cover, and skill of a pilot factor heavily into your success on the battlefield. Every move includes a small element of risk and reward; calling a shot to try for a headshot lowers the chance of success, but can be very lucrative. Tactical decisions have strategic implications; it's important to not only win a battle, but to win it well. The time spent repairing mechs, and the cost associated with that impacts future battles, and your bottom line. Additionally, your ability to skillfully take out enemy mechs (and recover them as salvage) is very strategically advantageous, and relies on your tactical decisions on the battlemap. Managing the initiative of your own mechs, while taking out slower enemy mechs and vehicles before they have a chance to act, is a key part of tipping difficult battles in your favor. As a negative, mech movement (especially if there are a lot of allies on an escort mission) takes a lot of time... watching everything move can be a little boring while you wait for your turns. Kills come with cutscenes, which also add a few seconds here or there. It would be nice to be able to skip them by choice. The AI is good, but doesn't always seem to make an optimal decision; they reprioritize targets a bit too frequently, which allows the player an easy means of evacuating mechs that have been severely damaged - against another player, this wouldn't happen.Strategic Gameplay Overall, the strategic gameplay is well-implemented; its main strength is how closely tied to your combat performance it is. You'll often find yourself weighing the convenience and types of mission versus their difficulty and pay; if you're wanting more parts, you can always asses what a mission might potentially offer before jumping into it. Travel time, injury recovery time, mech repair/refit time are all resources that you'll find yourself managing on a broad scale as you progress through the campaign. That and your money, of course.Customization Character creation is enjoyable, and has meaningful choices. Your character's background seems to come up pretty frequently over the course of the campaign, offering unique dialogue choices. I'm not sure if this effects gameplay, but it is nice to be reminded of "who" your character is. The Character skill system is intuitive, and allows you to quickly specialize pilots for certain roles. If you want to specialize a pilot into more defensive skills, you choose Guts. If you want a light-mech pilot who is good in melee, you can specialize into piloting. The Mech customization options are deep, and meaningful. True to Classic Battletech, you can delve very deep into the nuts and bolts of your mechs, customizing their armor, weaponry, auxiliary systems, etc. There's a great amount of granularity in managing your mechs, and is likely one of the deepest parts of the game. Graphics and Sound  The detail put into the maps is excellent; the battlefields are interesting and often beautiful. The mechs themselves steal the show, in terms of the detail put forth into faithfully reconstructing their appearance, character, heft, and epic combat. The sound effects and voice acting are very well done. Not quite on the level as more narrative-driven games, but better than most entries in the genre. The music is varied and epic; though, you may want to supplement with your own listening choices. I like the stylized animation put into the cutscenes; it's somewhat reminscent of what one sees in Banner Saga.Stability and Performance I've encountered a few bugs in the release; namely on the ability to load a save and continue a campaign. My trick was to restart the game, after a brief moment of panic. I've not personally encountered any crashes, yet. Performance is very good, overall; I've not seen any stutters, graphical issues, etc.OverallI recommend this game to fans of tactical/strategic RPGs; the mech combat in a turn-based game is unrivaled. There are a few bugs to be ironed out, but I haven't found it to be game-breaking. 
i'm still learning	Not Recommended	11.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198009243639/	seriously i played and love all of the old mech warrior games and someday there was the best game of all time: mech commander and also ok: mech commander 2 and now what is this? i have to wait 100 days in game time until my mechs are repaired and meanwhile waiting all these days to play the next mission im out of credits. WTF - i waited over 2 years for this??? every second into this game i wish i could jump back to mech commander. make games better not worse! RIP Mech Warrior franchise
Bell Fibe™ Internet	Recommended	56.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198066248440/	Similarly to XCOM 2, this is a great game plagued by a less than optimal launch. Performance can be shoddy, though not to the same extent of the bad performance XCOM 2 had at launch, for the most part I get a solid 50-60 fps on high settings though in some environments it can dip to 40. Doesn't bother me too much since it's a turn based strategy game but my PC is pretty strong and while this game looks good aesthetically it pretty far from being a graphically demanding game. Also similar to the XCOM 2 launch there may be some infrequent crashes, As well as some lengthy loading screens. Also a lot of the animations play out for too long and cannot be skipped. It's not too bad for a game where you only control 4 units but it can get really tedious sometimes to have to watch animations that last just a few seconds too long. Again XCOM 2 had this problem but was later addressed in a patch, I hope HBS listens to this common complaint which slows down the flow of an otherwise great game.Other than these technical problems, this game is pretty amazing. I have been a fan of battletech for a long time and have played countless hours of the tabletop game. One of my biggest concerns is that this game wouldn't capture the feeling of the tabletop game, and that it would be too dumbed down. However; this managed to far exceed my expectations as it manages to update the battletech rules to be more accessible while avoiding sacrifices to depth, and actually increases depth by redesigning many mechanics like the initiative system. Which breathes new life into otherwise neglected light mechs, and if you want to utilize the awesome power of assault mechs you will need escorts to prevent them from being easily outmanuvered.Not only did they nail the battletech feel in combat, but they also captured the style of the battletech universe in the campaign. The management component is fun and is surprisingly similar to a tabletop battletech campaign. and the setting, artwork, and soundtrack perfectly illustrate the universe. One thing I feel I gotta address is how some people seem upset about the option to use gender neutral pronouns, and the wide mixture of races you see. Saying it doesn't belong in a battletech game. I feel like it's worth remembering the location of the game, being in the south periphery, there is going to be a mixture of people from all over, people forget the close proximity to the Chinese and Russian background of the Capellan Confederation, the mixture of Eastern European, Arabic, and Indian cultures in the Free Worlds League, and the Magistracy of Canopus which has an emphasis on social freedoms. Also gender doesn't matter too much in battletech, with many famous mechwarriors being both male and female, doesn't seem too unreasonable for one to prefer being called a "them"
Lionheart	Recommended	49.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/red-fenix/	+ Engaging Story (similar to Game of thrones)+ Deep Gameplay mechanics and customization+ Respectable graphics with nice damage effects on Mechs+ XCOM style gameplay (combat/base management phases, turn based combat, permadeath, squad management)+ Competent AI- No voice acting, and what little there is, is bad at times (Prepare to read a lot if you want to follow the engaing storyline)- No Cinematic cutsecenes, just a comic style representation of key plot points- Basic Tutorial, so you will likely need 3rd party help to explain the more subtle mechanics- Performance can drop sometimes in the campaign, with regular freezes that last a couple of seconds (likely to be a minor memory leak, which can be patched in the near future)Score: 7/10 - Gameplay is excellent, and is a immediate purchase if your a fan of XCOM. It's just let down by budget related issues and easily patched performance bugs.
Macartimus	Not Recommended	7.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/macartimus/	As a Battletech nerd of over 20 years, I was beyond excited for this. It seemed like a faithful adaptation of the tabletop game, which held a lot more appeal for me than the Mechwarrior games. But after a few days and a dozen attempts, I'm hanging it up. This game is damn near unplayable in its current state. I'm hoping a forthcoming patch will address the performance issues and crashes, but for now I can't afford to spend an hour on a mission and then roll the dice on whether or not the game will crash before my progress is saved (which it does 90% of the time).My passion for the game and its history motivated me to give it as many chances as my patience could handle. So much potential, but pretty poor execution.
Centurion(HUN)(RUS)	Not Recommended	65.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198003920102/	After the mission Escape with three assault mechs and bunch of heavy appeared... I do not recommend this game, it is just frustrating. While AI can put on huge lances you are bound to only 4 mechs(one lance) . Will wait for better battletech game. The price of the game should be maximum 30 dollars it does not deserve more.
Darren	Not Recommended	0.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/darren_1337/	Even on an SSD, the load times are atrocious. There might be a good game behind it, but based purely on the load times, I couldn't recommend it.
Malsain	Not Recommended	25.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198035945370/	1) Unfair balance2) Unfair dice rolls3) Animation stutters even on GTX 10804) Loading even a recent save takes forever5) Timer missionsI've tried to love this game, but it's simply broken now. There is not enough side missions to strenghten your mechs and crew, so when you have to take a main one, you are simply overpowered by a crowd of heavier mechs with better guns.
Snuggles	Not Recommended	10.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197972333960/	Great game, but needed a 4 month polish and increased budget to make it full release and feel not so indie.Pros: -decent visuals -Good story-decent resource and monetary management-A new battletech game.-music and art direction.Cons:-Unity engine (this game was made for a mobile release in the future).-Seemingly random lack of voice acting in some main story missions.-SRM tanks (they will zoom up and wreck you in one turn).-LRM tanks (they will shoot you from way further than your fov and wreck you)-PPC tanks (they will headshot your mech and kill your pilot instantly. Happened to me 5 times already).-Lack of additional actions (e.g. xcom had many different actions).-Lack of defensive actions(e.g. missle chaff, smaller mechs should have evasion buff or something to make them fieldable,different type of armor (ballistic or laser).-bigger mechs are better (most of the little mechs you'll only use for 2 or 3 missions).- bugs with deployment causing you to fight 5 mechs and 6 tanks at once.-unity engine againChaotic neutral -follows battletech lore ( to a fault e.g. tanks with 12 sets of missles and most mechs only fit 2 or 3 sets) 
themightyhos	Recommended	234.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198012838392/	I rarely, if ever, write reviews; but this game warrants one.If you live within the 'instant gratification' world that so many gamers do nowadays then probably give this one a miss.However, if you managed to read past the second line you probably aren't a dumbed-down modern gamer and enjoy some complexity, depth and variety to your gaming, to you I would recommend this.I used to play tabletop battletech; I love this game as a repro of that experience, and then some, as this game is hugely customisable. I have a 'stock lance' and I also have a wide number of 'comedy' configs that I run out every-so-often to see 'what if', you can experiment till your heart's content in the mech bay.  I have a highlander with 4x LRM20 that just tears s**t apart, if someone got in range with a spitball it would fall apart but that's the fun thing about it, some risk/reward.I agree it can sometimes be a bit harsh, nothing like a lucky headshot to your pride and joy to trigger a rage-reset. But that's what reality would be like, luck sometimes plays a part.  On the odd occassion when you end up facing down 2+ assault lances and you actually win, it's great.  Sure, animations add a bit of time to the gameplay, but what is your rush? Just grab a beer slow down and enjoy.On second play though now.  Still loving it.  TBS and 4X Grand Strat lovers YES.  FIFA / PES players who can't handle the occassional loss, perhaps not.Looking forward to seeing expansions develop this one, it has legs.
Ezeze	Recommended	158.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198041305453/	I'd never touched a BattleTech game before this one, and I've found it a great introduction to the series. It features an extended tutorial which stretches through the first few story missions, giving you time to adjust to each added layer of complexity before the next one is introduced.By the time you're 'allowed' to play with the full range of available toys you are decently sure of how each one works. Though this game has more strategic and tactical depth than many others I've enjoyed at no point have I felt overwhelmed.A very enjoyable game that I recommend unconditionally.
JOwnsYou	Not Recommended	51.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198019020662/	The gameplay is far too slow. The auto generated missions you have to do in between story missions are boring. Escort missions (like in every game, ever) continue to be trash. RNG style games like this (and X-com among others) have this punishment fetish in that you're never given a guarenteed shot and I seem to miss an disproportionately high number of "95%" chance shots. I don't think the numbers were shown actually represent our hit chances. Further pushing this is that your mech's heads are given very low armor ratings. I've restarted many missions because my fighters die to one shot kills to the head. Not fun, punishing. I love the old Mech Warrior games but this does not work. Boring and punishing is what this is.Edited for spelling.
melkathi	Not Recommended	12.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198007554934/	Sadly disappointing even when I had low expectations. The worst offender:The game is slow. Yes, obviously being turn based, it would not have the same pace as the real time Mech Commander games. Even on tiny maps though, it feels as if your mechs are just stumbling along. A bit like the Ents heading for Isengard.But the slowness is outside the combat as well. Travel between star systems has you leaving orbit, staring at a screen traveling to the jump ship. Docking with the jump ship, travelling with the jump ship, undocking from the jump ship... This is worse than the dreaded Mass Effect Elevatos.On top of that, the game is filled with lost opportunities or cut corners. For example where tonnage would previously be used to provide you with restrictions on what you could field in a given mission, in this game it is just a fancy name for a mech's inventory space. The mech version of a backpack. 
Baal_0817	Recommended	180.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Baal_/	Has its litte quirks (some of which will probably be patched) but I've not come accross any game ending bugs or CTD's which is more than can be said for some games on release. Only 19hrs so far, so heres hoping for many more.
Sanibeast	Recommended	116.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198060939446/	I really like it. Waited about a decade for a game like that. HBS did a great job with limited ressources enhancing Battletech tabletop with XCOM lile elements. For all new players that do know nothing about the Battletech universe the beginning might be tough. The tutorial is weak and does not really explain what you need to survive the first 2-3 month. I highly recommend to read Eck's guide on steam to get a basic understanding of cover, evasion, heat management, reserving and pilot skills. Also playing defensive in the beginning might save you lot of money, repair time and the life of your pilots. Latest when you salvage your first medium Mech or a ++ weapon you will get addicted to the game. Welcome to Battletech :)
PheonixWolf	Recommended	46.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198026483938/	The Game overall is a great product with only a couple notable flaws (also to be fair i'm an Army vet who's been a die hard Battletech fan since i was in Jr. High)Pros--- holds very well to all established cannon that i'm aware of for the universe and is well translated from a board game. The salvage/monetary payout sliders achive something that is otherwise going to be difficult to make enjoyable.Cons--- you need to use 3 salvage items in order to salvage a mech you theoretically headshot (though i understand the likely reasoning behind this). so now there's no differenance between salvaging 1 mech you head shot and 3 mechs you ripped apart down to it's power core. Repair and refit times tend to become very cumbersome and really make it feel like to can't take more than an arm loss in any given mission or you quickly find yourself losing ground in the cash race, combine that with the frequency of being out numbered and/or outclassed and things can get very irritating. **Worst Con IMO** the intel briefs are absloutely atrocieous. "A lance of mechs has attacked a dozen targets in the last month" .... ok... and nobody was smart enough to let us know at least what size they were? a hint of what were going up against?  in some instances this poor level of intel makes sense.... but seriously i've dropped into a contract with my intel telling me it's a heavy lance and i go against 1 actual heavy, 2 mediums and a light..... and if you've made it this far in my rant and are wondering why i've such an extensive cons area but still recommend the game, it's simple. I love this game inspite of what i dislike about it, and hope these complaints might be addressed. Personal con- mechs don't explode and do splash damage to things nearby if cneter tordso is destroyed as many older games of this franchise had. a little disappointing.
thejinj2000	Not Recommended	51.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/thejinj2000/	I love the Battletech universe and units, but I can't reccomend this game.Small selection of Mechs, graphics that make all of them look the same, lack of side quests and boring campaign I could live with, no problems.The technical slugishness of this game is what kills it for me.  It's just not fun waiting (on a high end pc, running off an SSD drive)...and waiting...and waiting.You fire a weapon, something explodes.  Wait like ten seconds just to hit your pilot say "I hit something good" and then another ten seconds.  Loading a game is comically long - I read the news while my save game list is loading!  My save game list!  This game has to have the laziest programming I have ever come across, including most indie titles I've seen.  Avoid this game, at least in its current state.
Tomato	Recommended	14.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/breow/	The game is pretty great. I had my doubts when seeing the first reviews, but I am glad I bought it. Definitley more of a relaxing game, so if you are super ADD than this might not work for you.There are a few issues but none have been game breaking and overall, it runs fine. I do have a powerful system 1080/i7/16gigsMy biggest complaint are the issues running this game on a ultra wide screen resolution. Half the screen is cut off and buttons are not on the screen. This is really annoying and I hope it is addressed very soon. Story is interesting, nothing amazing, but it works.The best part about the game are the mechs. You can make them all really unique and set up different strats that make them work together great. Definitley adds a lot of immersion and concern for your mechs safety after you fit it with some really good stuff.  I would give the game a 8.5 out of 10 from what I have played so far.
Promethium	Recommended	18.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/this1zacuztomurl/	I'm quite enjoying this game. It's simple, at least if one chooses to compare it to the classic tabletop game. But honestly, I don't see that as a bad thing. As a longtime Battletech fan, I can safely say, there's a lot of potential here. I look forward to seeing them add to the base game with patches and potentially even fairly priced DLC.All this said, it's still completely worth the price. Fantastic writing, a breathtaking musical score, I can't recommend it enough.
Zarathustra	Recommended	21.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/dw860801/	One of the better turned-based strategy games of the last couple of years. Rather than overwatch-spam (actually, there is no overwatch at all in the game) it focuses on mobility, terrain, armour, facing and using the right weapon for the right job. And RNG, lots and LOTS of RNG. If you don't want to lose progress to accidents of the diceroll, this isn't for you.It can also be utterly unfair at times.The elephant in the room is the UI though. It's actually great, the game just doesn't do a good enough explaining it. You'll probably need to look up an outside guide to make the most of it. There is A LOT of information on the screen, and most of it is important, but it's not well explained in the tutorial.
DickVanSkype	Recommended	75.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198004650371/	Ignore the haters. This is a great tactical mech game with only a few flaws. It's a blt slow to load but don't let that turn you salty.
CrateofNoire'sFriends???????	Recommended	25.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/A_CRATE_OF_MANYMANYANGRY_TIGERS/	This game is fantastic. The gameplay is fantastic. Please make sure you have the specs to run this game faster than a snail. It's completely amazing. I have played 1000's of hours into strategy games and this one is awesome. I'm only 5 hours in now, but a long time battletech (tabletop game) veteran. There is alot of fun and customization, and play it your way aspects. I would recommend this product even for the full 40$ for any gamer who likes strategy and thinking through their moves. 10/10 graphics9/10 gameplay, (only because the hardpoints are kinda strange)7.5/10 story (its great but im not a fan of the emotional story)overall, 9.75/10 because the story is really not my thingm but every other aspect is really great and worth your money. I'm going to get at least 500 hours into this.
SoulsandBlood	Recommended	166.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197991822063/	I would definitely recommend buying this game to anyone who likes turn based tactical games like XCOM.  After the tutorial I was a bit disappointed with how confused I was about how things work because there is so much there to consider when combat ensues.  After the first battles my character got on the ship and whoa!!!, there is an incredible amount of depth to this game as far as mech build, finance, and role playing.  Fot the fans of the TT game this game has lore galore.  I never played the TT version so I made it a point to read all of the yellow highlighted entries during dialogues and they are incredibly informative.  The graphics diring the overhead isometric view are quite nice but look dated when the close up animations shots come up.  I was really surprised by this but I can live with it.  The story is very good but I personally do not care for the musical score that much.  I am still learning how to outfit a mech properly and completely which has caused me issues with refitting and wasted a lot of money but I am sure this wont take long to get the hang of.  Just pay attention to the warning triangles at the top of the mech bay(I didnt) before you proceed.  I really hope this game sells well as I would love to see this game expanded upon in the future.
chutneyface	Recommended	38.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/knobbingham/	Do you like turn-based squad strategy? How about giant fighting robots? If the answer to the above is "YES SIR I DO" then this game is for you (please stop calling me 'Sir', though). Proceed to the check-out area, you'll like this one.The BATTLETECH universe counts numerous published novels: This is to say that the underlying lore of this intellectual property is comprehensive and goes deep, very deep. Shortly put, the invention of two-story war machines of steel and micro-circuitry, along with faster-than-light travel has spread humanity across space and with it, all of our bad habbits. After the mandatory (and quite lengthy) 'milk-run-gone-wrong'-style tutorial, the player is brutally robbed of his training wheels and put in charge of a small upstart mercenary company. You will be in charge of running the group, paying the soldiers, changing the load-out of the aforementioned killing machines and all of this will cost money and time. So much so that it is not easily recommendable for players unfamiliar with the accomplished turn-based squad combat strategy games of yesteryear.You will be travelling from system to system as you deal with numerous "random events", while taking on procedurally generated contracts that range from "Defend this Base", "Kill all the Space Pirate Killing Machines" to the mandatory storyline missions that forward the main plot. How well you deal with one contract will affect the avalibility of future, potentially more lucrative opportunities.Combat is visceral and greatly detailed: A lucky hit can detonate the ammo storage of an enemy, leaving your opponent a defenseless, high-tech casket. Players will have the option of taking that as salvage, repairing and refitting it for future contracts! Remaining planetside allows you to buy and sell parts as well as recruit new mercenaries if your budget allows it. The underlying economics provides even small decisions with a strong sense of meaning.While it may seem overwhelming to new players of the turn-based strategy genre, the game does allow for as many save game slots as you need. Don't want to save-scum your way through a game? No problem, it also allows you to quit missions mid-way through for partial payment. You can even eject your most prized mercenaries if a mission goes south. Not all aspects of the gameplay mechanics will be directly explained, so expect some trial-and-erroring on your own; as you learn from your mistakes and the game world opens up it will be worth the efford! At the time of writing, the knowledge base is somewhat limited - expect it to grow in the following months. In the meantime, the user interface cleverly allows pop-up information windows for almost everything your cursor goes over. Kudos to Harebrained Schemes for this feature!Finally, special mentions go to the incredible background music. It feels timeless and gives the game a feeling of majestic grandeur that dynamically compliments the action and hand-drawn art that this game proudly displays.
waydownLo	Recommended	300.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197968596862/	Never having got to play Classic Battletech, but also being obsessed with MechWarrior since I was a child, I was thrilled when I heard that Hare Brained Schemes was going to be working with Jordan Weissman to make a modern tactical game in the Battletech universe. They delivered on that with flying colors. I've spent almost 40 hours playing this game, growing my mercenary company from a handful of scouts fleeing from one point of the battlefield to the other, to a fully kitted Assault lance that can destroy scouts with a single kick. It rules so much.  
fspicinin	Recommended	69.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198005691912/	I have waited 20 years to play this game. This is the game I wanted to play since I got my first 2ed Battletech box with Robotech miniatures translated in Portuguese from Portugal (I am from Brazil), so far ago that I don't even remember how I got it.This game have everything: Campaign with story and random missions. A very good salvage system. Base (in this case dropship) upgrades. Persistent mechwarrios that really DIE if your mech blow up. Mech customization, but with limits of what you can change in each chassis. Many people complain that this game is slow, but you can play a mission at the same time you would take to resolve a single volley from a SRM Carrier in tabletop, so I don't think this game is too slow.My only complaint is that once you get you assault mechs, there is no reason to use anything else. I would like some form of reward or drop limits to use low tonnage in missions.For me, I would play 3x the asking price for this game. 
Lord Shiteblast	Recommended	58.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/shiteblast/	Lots of reviews here whining about the cinematic animations between moves.You can turn them off in the settings. It's literally the first set of options you see when you open the settings.The game does need some optimisation, it plays fine for a while then it gets choppy.Other than technical issues I'm loving it so far, it's an absolute blast. Your big stompy mechs will rip apart any vehicles they come across (as they should) and taking down opposing mechs requires proper movement and management of your weapon systems, heat and stability.If you're into turn-based combat then I highly recommend.
DarkFrost	Not Recommended	5.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/darkfrost97/	I feel bad for giving this a bad review, it is a great game, I would give it a 10/10 if it worked. But it doesn't it crashes way too often. They need to fix the crashes. Once it becomes playable you should buy this in a heartbeat, it has good art, an intriguing story and really fun xcom style tactical combat. But as it stands I cannot recommend this game.
Only @ Who has fallout 76?	Recommended	4.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197967385590/	Buy it, play it, grind it, wait for expansion, learn to eject pilots.Buy et!
Ares	Not Recommended	12.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198018525900/	Far too slow with too few option. Missions are either a cakewalk or almost impossible. Prepare to spend 5 turn trying to kill a mech only for the AI to oneshot your core.
Caleb	Recommended	50.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197993592025/	It's not a battle royale game or moba, therefore it's too slow... kids today. If you have the attention-span of a goldfish, this game is not for you... otherwise, it's a really good tactics and management game in a setting that existed long before most of you were even a twinkle in your daddy's eye.
Leifanator	Recommended	76.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198005403195/	It's a good game.Lots to learn, lots of viable strategies, lots of replayability.Cons:Seems a bit sluggish in places especially while loadingThe RNG is in the realm of X-ComIt's pre-clans so no clan mechsPros:Lots of customisationEven when RNG screws you, it still feels like it's your own fault for being in that situation in the first placeLots of different missions
mshano13	Not Recommended	1,150.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198359775185/	While There are many things to like it has a couple of bugs including game crashes for no reason. I have a brand new fully loaded Gaming PC, eliminating that as the cause. Most of my gripes come in the form of play balance. I've done 3 complete playthroughs of the campaign came. First time through I lost 16 MechWarriors to head shots, Second (10) and Third (11) were after the update which was supposesd to reduce the number of headshots, Not really. RNG rings up way too many head shots for the AI to make the game harder. Example: in third play through, a Mech that was knocked down and lost half of its weapons stood up, Jumped to new position, shot and beheaded my mech which had 4 evasion stipes in a forest. Second Play through I went through 28 consecutive battles with my mechs receiving at least one head shot while not scoring a single one of my own. The battle AI is not very intuitive and its easy to out manuever the enemy mechs, Once I hit 900 on the mercenary board, I could no longer get big contracts (5 Skull Mission) as the AI said I didn't have enough reputation, The stars all were unlit. It would be nice that as the story progresses if there would still be easy missions as an option to help new recruits gain experience. Yes, I know about the mods but 'm a game purist.
Gamphar	Not Recommended	50.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/gamphar/	+Mech, design and the clunky way they move and melee lol+-Mech Customization, way too limited, no parts swapping? few weapona, boring stuff-Aim, miss at point blank... the wut?! and random EXPLOTION...--Kamea, I want to sell her to slave trader---Kamea cousin, I want to slap her butt with hot rod----Kamea uncle, I want to burn him alive, and heal, burn him again, and heal him, burn again, and heal once more, burn, and heal, burn, hea... Masih lebih keren mech warrior yg rts jadul :>
K-wait	Not Recommended	126.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197969476822/	I enjoy mech games.  This one is generally fun.  Sadly this game also has the worst loading times ive seen in years.  This game also has terrible camera control and chooses to auto follow anything happening on the map, even with cinematic events turned to minimum. Any other game would allow the player to control where the camera is pointed, but not this one.  They also need to speed up combat.  A 45 minute mission could be done in 15 if you didn't have to watch every enemy move and cut scene of them attacking. I would not recommend this game until they patch the camera and fix loading times.
MISG	Not Recommended	103.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197978970739/	It's kind of dissapointing.  When you start playing it's very slow.  You'll probably find that you lose too many mechs and take too much damage you'll have to restart.  Also don't play on playing this without using your save feature often.  I think the big problems are how it's heavily focused on being like the table top.  Minus some big things like damage to self from melee with non melee mechs.  The lack of explosions from mechs being destroyed which makes melee way to strong.  So you have a game this isn't trying to mimic a game designed to be simple cause table top.  Forgetting all the processing power should behind it.  So it ends up being a bit dissapointing.  Also you can't really customize your mechs you can slot some weapons and adjust armour.  But you can't change armour types or reconfiger your mech.  Also there is only 1 or 2 confirations per mech.  Anyway it's not bad but you'll probably be like me just wanting to finish the damn game so you can do something else.  That is the wrong reason to want to finish a game. 
Obi-Wan KeSoanesi	Recommended	35.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/scoanes/	Think XCOM with more depth
Strategerize	Recommended	36.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/strategerize/	I enjoy the game and the further along you progress the more interesting dynamic it becomes.  Getting to that point can be a struggle.  I have had to restart a few times, I can now do that horrendous tuturial in my sleep.  Cons:  The default combat settings is horrible.  It slows down the gameplay and makes the battles awkward to watch.  Disable the targeting should camera, dynamic attack camera, and enemy, melee, and jump cinematics.  This should improve the visual gameplay.There is a learning curve.  Knowing that the LRM 10 is garbage but the LRM 15 is amazing is not intuitive.  Having 5+ medium lasers on a mech is better than a any PPC, Large laser or other laser build, again not intuitive.  RNG.  In my campaign my main guy gets injured in every single skirmish he participates in.  I put him in my strongest mech, use him strategically in combat, and still one random hit will always hit his cockpit injuring him.  I just take it for granted that he will get injured in every single combat now.  You just need to accept that attrition is real.  Load your save if something too terrible happpens.  I will always have a mech being repaired, either for a customization or cause it's arm got blown off.  I will always have someone in the med bay, an LRM knockdown is a concussion to the pilot, or a random headshot will achieve the same injury.  Attrition is a major factor in this game.Early on you cannot customize, it just takes too long in your begining mech bay.  Light mechs are useless.  In the paper version or first person control you can circle strafe, sensors, and be a eyes on target for your LRM boats.  In this they just die.  This game is huge time drain, which can be a good thing or a bad thing based on your perspective.Pros:  Strategic combat with giant robots is great.  The storyline is something I enjoy unlocking as I progress.  Customizing mechs is fun.  It seems like I have more negatives than positives, but I do enjoy the game as I  (finally)  figured out how to play it successfully.  I was a fan of the original pen and paper as well as mechwarrior games.  I also have some time on my hands to dedicate to the game.
benfornshell5971	Recommended	356.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198305492632/	If you enjoyed classic tabletop battletech you'll love this.  The story and cinematics are unengaging (all dialogue choices go down the same path, all scenes are multiple still frames moving to give the sense of action) so if you want a good movie/story experience this will disappoint.  The missions are very well designed, but when you replay you get exactly the same maps and objectives.  Some good balancing has been done to weapons reducing the disparity between some weapon types.  They've added/changed game dynamics for attack modifiers, and gone more in depth with knocking mechs over.The lance dynamic is great for manageability keeping the game from bogging down.  There's limited scaling as a result, so once you've gone from a light/medium lance up to assault mechs you've seen the full gambit.  Weapon choices and customization are interesting, particularly with the time/cost dynamic to implement the changes.Very modable game, easy to create your own custom weapons and mechs.  Tricky to reinstall when you get an unresolved error.  Leaves some data online that resyncs even when you ask it not to.
Bane	Recommended	85.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197970692335/	I am really enjoying this game. I have encountered none of the horrendous framerate issues that have been reported, despite running on a low end box. In fact, the game has been running quite well. Sure, some of the camera angles go a little wonky at times, but they are hardly game-breaking. There is a little delay in loading a mission, but I figure if I can't cope with this, I might be playing the wrong genre of game.Combat requires patience and strategy. You need to take quite a few things into consideration like heat buildup, rotation and cover. It's great. A well-executed plan is a thing of delight. It really reminds me of the old Battletech days.
giblets	Recommended	150.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197972464427/	Love it!  About as close to a digital adaptation of the original board game as you can get while keeping a good deal of the action that makes the Mechwarrior sim versions fun!
LoreSmith	Recommended	33.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198024713974/	Honestly, its good though needs more. Understand I love the studio, and I'm taking this to be much like Shadowrun Returns. Which was basic but good, and the systems and writing from that game were developed further to be better in Dragon fall, and epic in Hong kong. As the first battle tech game, I hope the team will continue to develop this world. The ship upgrades were cool but had minimal impact (things like some ship combat, more impact on missions would be cool rather than just the morale metre. Think if you had a team/garrison of ground troops you could deploy for different reasons on missions like to take over a generator and turrets or other purposes. basically the mid flight pop up encounters were great but limited, needed more).Also the missions got fairly boring after the first few hours of play, not enough variation (adding more would be difficult I know, I just hope it does get developed more now that the engine work is finished.)Beyond that, it looks good and plays well (hope the nvidia graphic issue is sorted soon)>Would recommend to support a good studio and for a bit of fun.
sounderdisc6863	Recommended	240.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198087902754/	Very complex game that is suprisingly easy to learn. The iniative system is unique to any other turn structure I've seen before, and I enjoy it. There's huge building sized robots shooting and punching each other, what more do I need to say?
Darkkillerzxz	Recommended	67.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198023574891/	All the other comments pretty much sums it up. Awesome if u are a turn based fan :)
supergrover	Not Recommended	2.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198007912591/	So unfortunate.. waited for so long for this game.. and it lags.. and freezes.. frequent CTD... I couldnt even watch the intro movie without it locking up.. I have a decent windows 10 computer, decent video card, updated drivers, plenty of RAM.. restarted the computer, verified game files.. nothing helped.  I havent even been able to play the first mission...  Really, really disgraceful to release a game that is more bugs.. than game.  Gutted.  Game has been refunded by Steam.. might try again in about 6 months or so.. once they've got it to the point it actually works.
I, Corgi	Not Recommended	45.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/dashingdorm/	For a game about giant mechs duking it out on a galactic scale, Battletech isn't terribly exciting, in fact, if I had to summarize my experience with it in one word, I'd go for "okayish". Because my vocabulary is baddish.Battletech mostly fails to visually convey the scale and grandeur of mech battles, combat looking rather like a battle of tabletop miniatures. This impression persists throughout the game: from melee attacks lacking visual impact to environments looking toylike. Graphics generally are unimpressive, even if the mechs themselves are pleasantly detailed and some weapon effects are nice and flashy.  It wouldn't have mattered much if Battletech's gameplay was outstanding, but while the core systems are certainly solid, it's just not varied enough. Game's battles are focused on choosing the right angle of attack to take out various parts of opposing mechs, while managing your weapons to avoid overheating. It is pleasing that Battletech doesn't use XCOM's tropes of cover-based combat, but at the same time there's not much else going on. Battles just don't offer player enough complex tactical choices. A bunch of special abilities or interesting weapons outside of cannon/laser/missile trinity would've certainly made it more enjoyable in the longer run.  Outside of the battlefield, the foundations of running your own mercenary company, collecting various mech chassis and fitting them with optimal weaponry are generally fun, but then you, again, realize there's just not enough variety. Your mercenaries can only be leveled in four linear skills, weapons only have four major categories with marginal upgrades, the number of randomly generated mission types/objectives is also pretty limited. Main campaign is mostly solid, if not exactly intriguing. It does a fairly competent job of introducing the setting to the player without being intrusive, story missions design is also a nice distraction from the structure of sandbox contracts. The plot is unlikely to impress, but it's fine for what it is. I was unfamiliar with the Battletech universe prior to playing the game, so I cannot say if the game does it justice.At the moment Battletech also suffers from entirely insane camera focusing on wrong action, and from the lack of options to speed up combat animations, but I'm sure these problems will eventually get patched. And so, overall, Battletech is difficult to rate. While I don't recommend the game in its present state for the full price, I do believe it can be dramatically improved with future expansions. Hopefully, Harebrained Schemes have experience at improving their games, turning rather terrible vanilla Shadowrun reboot into modern rpg classics of Dragonfall and Hong Kong. And the recipe for improving Battletech is pretty clear in my mind: more stuff. More weapons, more abilities, more mission variety. Like, seriously, more stuff. Stuff is cool. Make more of it.
R3Dinfinity	Not Recommended	10.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198077728000/	So far i've had three crashes one on making a new game and two more after finishing the first tutorial mission. Also you don't need a Paradox account to play the singleplayer campaign and skirmish just click dismiss on the first notification asking you to sign up. It's a shame you are stuck to one mech type no matter which family orgin you pick.
JaguarUSF	Recommended	27.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jaguarusf/	Product received for free
CyberFrog	Not Recommended	50.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198005809738/	Despite being a fan of both Paradox games in general, and Shadowrun, sadly, BattleTech just doesn't provide a satisfying experience. The initial few hours are fun, but once the 'sandbox' part of the campaign opens up the problems start mounting up.Combat missions are extremely repetitive, with an extremely limited number of both maps and missions types, pretty much all of which boil down to "destroy an enemy force consisting of slightly more mechs than you have and sometimes some annoyingly tough vehicles".The random nature of loot means trying to progress to bigger mechs is just a mindless grind hoping for the right enemy to spawn, as I type this I've got 4 heavy mechs all on 2/3 completion, since the same type of heavy hasn't spawned 3 times yet meaning I can't progress and just get locked in the cycle of churning the same 3-4 missions over and over again waiting for the right unit to spawn.  Added to that the difficulty shown on the contracts is virtually meaningless with a "1.5" difficulty missions ranging from milk run to virtually impossible for the same lance and you're left with an experience that is dull, tedious with spikes of extremely irritating.While I believe the dev's when they say the RNG isn't rigged, the periodic "1%" shot from the AI is extremely frustrating, while your own 'clutch' shots are meaningless in the face of an endless respawning enemy faction. Compared to XCOM this game is more frustrating, more annoying, and less rewarding when things go well.All in all, there are better games out there, and I wouldn't waste your money or your stress levels on this.EDIT (02/08/2018):  Having let this game mature for a bit and come back to it fresh, SOME of the issues mentioned above appear to be have been fixed in subsequent patches. Maps are more varied, as are some of the missions. The apparent glitch where the first hit received on a mission was always a headshot appears to be been fixed (could be confirmation bias).It is also worth noting that, as with many paradox games, there is a learning curve here and very little supporting material. While some of the mechanics can be worked out (Heat management) others are far from obvious (a mech destroyed by a pilot kill drops more salvage components than one destroyed via CT destruction).  I'm still not convinced BT is worth it at full price, but in a major discount sale or if you love the 'big stompy mech' vibe, there might now be something here for you.
F0x	Recommended	120.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198030873723/	Not going to say much, I don't really bother to do reviews much....  except that this game is fantastic and apart from a few small issues the game plays much like I imagined from playing it as a board game / RPG back when it first came out.Totally worth it, especially if you love turn based tactical combat games.
glassburner62	Not Recommended	0.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198253209992/	Man I would love to give my opinion on the gameplay or anything really but with downloading and verifying files and redownloading to just get crash reports id have to say this was time wasted on something thats clearly not ready for launch
ScrewyAurum	Not Recommended	12.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ScrewyAurum/	Cant rightly talk about the game itself as it refuses to go past the initial splash screens. No matter what I try it just hangs there, (have verified cache, reinstalled twice, ran as admin, tried to run in compatiblity mode). And this is after the game actually did run for a few hours, the issue cropped up on restarting the game.Hopefully a fix arrives soon, but this is still unacceptable.
Buff Baby	Not Recommended	2.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197972120528/	From a technical perspective no major issues to speak of.  I did find the graphics to be a little dated which did disappoint a bit.  Overall it wasn’t a bad game, but it wasn’t for me.  I prefer the fast and fluid guerrilla combat that I got from Xcom.  Maneuvering mechs and lobbing rocket barrages at one another just felt tedious most of the time.  6.5/10
maxdenard	Not Recommended	20.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198035551146/	It's definately NOT worth $40. This is one of the most miserable games I've seen in a while. It doesn't just cheat, it does so badly.1) No matter how hard you might think it is to get a headshot, your enemies will, frequently and often. I can see taking some pilot damage from ammo explosions and so forth, but very early on, when a mech has full armor? Apparently, it needs to happen to the palyer CONSTANTLY. 2) The player interface is clunky and it will set you up to lose actions, if you're not paying attention, or even if you do. Did you know that you can sprint standing still? Apparently you can. And if you do, you lose your attack. That's right, you can lose your attack without moving at all. 3) Death from above isn't. Oh you might hit, but when you do, you're not going to land on an enemies' head. I did a mission where I did DFA on a single mech four times (once with each member of my entire lance) and guess what? It was next to useless. Apparently pirate mechs that are held together with baling wire and spit have some impervious bailing wire. 4) Mech knockdown. If you knock an enemy mech down, he will get up and move and attack on his turn. Apparently, anyone you run into has a pilot skill of 20 or so. If they knock you down, you'll wait and wait. And Wait. usually about three rounds, then you can get up (if they haven't killed you). No attack, no movement. Just get up.5) They can shoot through buildings. Pretty cheesy, but it will happen occaisionally.6) This is my favorite one. THEY WILL LAND A DROPSHIP ON YOU. No warning, no chance to move, no marker for the LZ, just BAM, Leopard on your head.For spending $40 in 2018, I felt like I was playing some limited maze thing from 1990. Save your money. Find an old copy of Mechwarrior Mercanaries. The prettier graphics in this game aren't worth all the hassles.
Prof Doom	Recommended	13.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197994468120/	I like bullet points.Good: Combat system is perfect Majority of the interface is fairly clear Haven't made it too far into it, but the storyline does seem decent. I like that you can get a lot of lore if you want to talk to people, but can skip most of it if you just wanna go blow stuff up.Only Okay: Could use a little more guidance in the whole "oh wait, I'm the commander" department.  XCom2 was a bit too handholdy, but this went a little too far in the other direction Speaking of Xcom2, I didn't care for the whole "randomly choose times to mess with your camera angles" there, still not that fond of it. Not having windowed borderless as a built-in graphics option is slightly annoying.Misc: Not sure what hardware everyone is running this on that had so many problems with performance, mine has seemed perfectly fine Yes, there were some server issues on day one.  Was 90% fine by the time I got home from work, and as a primary single player game, it wasn't the end of the world. 
ネコョトさん	Recommended	31.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Nekot/	I want to be a Battle Mech
notpsion	Recommended	89.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/notpsion/	In short, while it has some rough edges that are in need of polishing down, Battletech looks to offer one of the best tactical combat games available today. It's a simple pitch: Do you like giant robots? Giant robots PUNCHING EACH OTHER? Yes? Good. Here's my launch day impressions:It's solid. I have giant robots, nice ones. I've got some interesting characters and plot hooks. The cutscenes demonstrate someone's art team deserves a raise. The soundtrack is stellar. And the core gameplay of positioning, managing weapons and heat, abilities and initiative is a very satisfying loop, refined even further from the beta. It's not perfect. There are some technical and performance bugs. The flow from launching the game to customizing a merc PC to getting in the game was a bit weird for me, but I just restarted and it all cleared up. Performance is good, not astounding. No major hitches, no overly long waits, no huge animation delay, but it does feel like there's a little extra friction, not enough to bother me yet. Here's a tip - disable some of the camera gimmicks to speed combat up a bit. Is it weird to compare those to VATS from Fallout 3/NV/4?But overall? There's so many things it does right. There are a lot of touches which demonstrate real love for this franchise.  The feel of your robots punching and shooting is good. And there's enough meat on both the tactical and the strategic side to keep both of them interesting and fun. If any of this sounds interesting, buy it - either now if you can handle some rough edges, or check back in a couple weeks;  HBS has years worth of a track record proving they'll polish and fix bugs, I've got faith in them to continue.
thegreatspoonbender	Not Recommended	55.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198113009258/	I wanted to love this game. I really did. I put the hours in, but this game is so persistantly annoying for so many reasons.Wait for the DLC to come out and then see if you can get a discounted bundle. Problems include but are NOT limited to:1. Lance SizeYou are locked at 4 mechs. Period. Campaign or skirmish mode it makes no diffrence. At the very least they could have gone the way of xcom and let you field 6 units in leiu of letting you use 2 lances of 4 mechs each. But no, and this causes all sorts of problems. In the campaign you are badly outnumbered in virtually every single mission. 2 to 1 generally. I would have the tonnage recommended by the game and I would still land in an impossible mission becasue the enemy would hit me with 2 full lances at once. Most of the time the game is good enough to let you employ defeat in detail and attack you with only one lance at a time, but not always. The ship you have has capacity for a ton more mechs than 4. You also unlock the ability to have many many more than 4 mech warriors in your employ at a time. Some will sit there and argue that this allows you greater flexibility in your deployments depending on the enviroment and nature of the mission. However, every single mech and pilot you have costs money every month to maintain. To spend thousands on mechs and pilots you will end up using once or twice simply for the sake of having them is not sound business stratagy. Battletech at its very best is a game that simulates the month to month running of a mercanary company. That means it really ought to give you the flexibility to deploy the way you want if you are going to invest in more than six or seven mechs in your mech bays at a time.2. Locked weapons in the campaign and skirmish mode.There a bunch of star league weapons that are virtually impossible to get in the campaign and locked away completly from skirmish mode. They are powerful so I can see making it hard to get them in the campaign, but to lock them out of skirmish mode just because? Seriousely? Probably on the way in the form of paid DLC.3. The campaign makes it a royal pain to get new mechs.Back in the good old days of Mechwarrior 4 Mercenaries you could buy assault mechs and that was that. Here, you have to destroy and salvage three pieces of each mech you want to use in order to field it. This is just beyond aggravating, as there are diffrent variants of each mech and only components from the same variant can be used to rebuild the mechs you salvage. There is a mech store, but in 40+ hours of campagining I saw like two mechs you could buy. Both were pretty useless. Better hope your missions lead you to the stuff you want.Thus, if you want the assault mechs for your campaign you have to blow up three of them and hope you can get the salvage to rebuild them. Can we just go steal them? Nope. Can we buy them? Nope. You are gonna GRIND for them.(Minor Spoiler Alert)Following issues 2 and 3, there is a mission in the campaign where you take this huge castle full of mechs and weapons. And then OMG. This small force of comes to attack you and the brillant descision is then made to blow the entire thing up by this chippy idiot on your side who has to go and yell "SUPRIIIIIISE" as he annihalates your motherload of mechs and weapons. I swear there is some dev laughing his♥♥♥♥♥off saying " You will get NOTHING and like it! Ha!" Oh but wait, you get one mech from the mission. One. That was the last straw for me.Just wait for a sale. You will be glad you did.
Beeps	Not Recommended	13.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Theheap/	Having played every single one of Harebrained Schemes's titles, I honestly have no idea what made them think it was a good idea to tackle a project of this scope. The Shadowrun games, while quite enjoyable, were very much a case of "good for what it is". Every glaring issue in the Shadowrun games is present here--the game hangs during any and all animations, it crashes constantly, missions bug out, the combat UI is insufficient at best, the AI only follows one pattern, etc. These are pressing issues that would heavily damage the reputation of any major developer, so what in blazes made them think that mimicking the look and feel of a high budget title was a good idea? It's like trying to turn your school musical into a Cirque Du Soliel show.Even keeping in mind the budget issues, much of my time with Battletech was spent ruminating on a feeling that should be very familiar to anyone who plays Bethesda games: being unable to tell if a specific problem was caused by budgetary/engine constraints or just flat-out incompetence. The duration of movement animations and their tendency to hang is what really gets me here. The responsiveness and speed of movement is incredibly important in strategy games. Intelligent Systems have a rule for all games in the Fire Emblem series, that rule being that even a single dropped frame is unacceptable. Obviously that sort of perfectionism is completely unfeasible on a project of this scale. But if the game starts to hang in the middle of something as basic as a few steps of movement, there clearly is a massive issue that should have solved before the game's release. Despite the usual HBS jank accompanied by a dull-as-dirt story, I can at least say that I never actively disliked playing Battletech. If I were forced to give it a numeric score I'd give it a 5/10. Unfortunately, Steam works on a basis of recommendation and I cannot recommend this game to anyone for two key reasons.Firstly, Battletech is essentially a "solved game". By which I mean it breaks Sid Meier's most fundamental rule of strategy games--there is a clear winning strategy and there is no downside to employing that strategy. Battletech has no systems for healing within combat, the enemies will always outnumber you, and there are long-range weapons that do not require line of sight. Combine these three factors and you will quickly realize that the enemy easily has the capability to overwhelm you purely by force of attrition. By far the best way to tackle this issue is to deploy 4 heavy mechs with full armor. But wait, it's actually worse than there being a dominant strategy. It's not just that one strategy is too good, it's that literally every other strategy is ineffective to the point of being nearly nonviable, while the heavy mech strategy actually makes the game easy. During the mid game light mechs can get 0-to-death'd in a single action of long range missile fire, while a heavy mech with an evasion mod is practically untouchable. Medium mechs are even worse because they are completely redundant. I have no idea what made the developers think that a single point of initiative and a very small amount of extra movement is worth giving up 20+ extra tonnage AND better melee damage AND better heat management. I would have to assume it's a holdover from the terrible FASA games that was never fixed with time.Secondly: I shy away from making consumer-based comparisons to other games within my reviews, but to put it bluntly: there really is no reason to buy this game when so many other great tactics games can be found on Steam. Seriously, even on sale, it's so outclassed in it's field that it simply has no chance. Get Into the Breach, get XCOM, get Invisible Inc. There are so little selling points or enticing factors in Battletech. I am a nerd when it comes to combat mechanics and I like to take at least one good thing from each game I play--but I am not exaggerating when I say that there is nothing in this game that has not been better elsewhere.One last thing: There are many reviews here and elsewhere that hope and/or anticipate that certain issues will be fixed by patches. As someone very familiar with HBS, I am near certain that this will not be the case. There are commonly-encountered gamebreaking bugs that have existed in their Shadowrun games from launch to the present day. Even worse is the state of Necropolis. The best you're going to get is some kind of expansion up for purchase.
Fiirecrash	Not Recommended	8.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198080642878/	Let's keep this simple.This game is gonna be great IF they fix the performance issues. The stuttering/fps drop/fps instability is game breaking. Fix that and this game is a great game!
GreyPowerVan	Recommended	46.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/GreyPowerVan/	Great game, feels like Battletech.  I like the ruleset here more than tabletop.
neuroflare	Recommended	47.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/neuroflare/	It's fun!  Really captures the spirit of Battletech thus far.  No doubt there's room to improve, but what's here is a great game,
Spacecheese	Recommended	53.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/squish444/	I would wait a few months if I am honest. I really like this game, but it just feels like it needed a bit more time in the balancing deparment.Pro:-Good Mech gameplay -Xcom like tactical/strategy -Good selection of Mechs-Somewhat ok storylineCons:-BS AI that seems to cheat rather than actually challenge (The biggest killer for me) For instance, Reinforcements insta spawn and more times than not fire instantly. Numerous missions I have met the reinforcements BEFORE the actual dudes that I was attemting to murder.-A deceptive challenge meter. This is measured in skulls, but F me!!!! 2 skull missions feel like 4 skull missions BUT a 3 skull mission is easier??? This happens a lot.-Tanks and APC's are just OP at the moment. The cannons are bigger and do more damage than my 20AC? AND the LRM Launcer can insta destroy your dudes? AND they have better armour than my Heavy? AND they never generate heat? -LOOOOOOOOOONGGG load times. You are looking at 1-5 mins for rolling back 2 rounds. 
Spleeter	Not Recommended	34.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198037390711/	Well, it was fun day one. Then the meta game of reloading over and over and restarting reared it's ugly head and I got a refund. Perhaps I am too stupid for the tactics of winning with my 4 light mechs vs 4 medium and 4 vehicles ambusing me all at once. I tried, many many times. Until then, I had fun. So I flew to another system to try for easier missions, and they were harder. I loaded my game and flew a different direction and again, harder. For hours I did this after trying the mission I had for 8 solid hours. Could have and should have been a very fun game.
Chrono	Not Recommended	52.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198072814539/	I will first say I like this game, or what it should be anyway. TLDR: If you have never played a Battletech game DO NOT BUYI’ve cut my teeth on years of XCOM so I’m no stranger to ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ttery in turn based strategy games. However this game suffers massively from very poorly balanced weapons, no difficulty settings, stiff difficulty spikes, and overtly misleading or flat out wrong difficulty indicators for missions. Very early in the game I went into a mission that was marked as two skulls and it was harder then most of the tree skull missions I had been hitting. The enemy force STARTED with me completely surrounded and immediately in contact with at least seven other mechs more than doubling my total unit count and tonnage.It’ll be a great game once some serious balance changes take place and the difficulty gets fixed. NOT NEWBIE FRIENDLY 
BrendanDH	Not Recommended	123.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198010469962/	I really want to like this game. I have really tried. I love the lore, the premise and the design - but in reality it is the most infuriating game I have played in ages.It starts off challenging and fun - the management and the tactical combat is well thought out and not every mission is winnable. This is ok with me...Then you notice that there is a crippling memory leak that causes the game to grind to a halt. Loading times take 2, then 4, then 8 minutes.Then you hit a brick wall. Every mission turns into your 4 mech lance against 8-12 mechs at the same time (With half of them heavier than yours.) and the game just grinds you down. You try reloading to learn what you are doing wrong but those loading times and the memory leak means you end up staring at the loading screen for longer than you spend playing...Every session just gets more and more frustrating.I am over it. 
Ser Lance-A-Lot	Not Recommended	772.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198038555069/	I loved the old Battletech Universe. It was fun, it was raw, it had just the right amount of self-ironic clichés to not take itself serious - Japanese Space Samurais, Freedom-loving American Royalty(!), Shifty Chinese Schemers... Nowadays Jordan Weisman would have been dubbed a Nazi instantly.But, oh boy, did they have FUN slaughtering the world, they not only slaughtered it, they dragged it kicking and screaming in the Death Camp of Tolerance, and grinded it through the GULAG of political correctness.The new-and-improved BT Universe 2.0 is still full of clichés, it is even more clichéd than BT Universe 1.0, but is taking such a hard all-out way-over-the-top shot at today’s culture of enforced political correctness, it is just beyond funny! Starting with the Character Creation you are first given the choice between SHE then THEY and last, and obviously least, HE. (First I was surprised and then deeply offended that all the other 68+ genderpronouns like Xir, Xim, Shem, Pixikin where omitted and the right of their existence was negated by one fell swoop of the game designer.)But that was only the start - they character that drives the story is an utterly entitled bourgeois ♥♥♥♥♥y princess, who has no empathy for her subjects but only begins to ‘feel the pain’ when she finds her dead or dying mentor. Then she flies off into a strong-female-lead speech and rants against her evil uncle and cousin who she just wants to kill all off the face of the universe.Did I mention the death-camps instituted by her straight-white-male uncle to keep his people down, right out of any National or International Socialist Utopia? (Kind of like you would have imagined in 2016 the US would look like after 2 years of Donald Trump.) NOW we know he is EVIL - so she just must be the GOOD Grrl.And then - it all happened so quickly - the only academic, The Amazing Rocket Engineer Genius turned out to be a woman of colour in a headscarf! Every cliché of today’s politically correctness is served, not lightly, insinuating to change people’s minds, but with the same self-ironic sledgehammery sense of humour as in the 80s, it could be straight out of South Park.And, as the cherry on top, all the Kickstarter backers, who got immortalized as MechWarriors-for-hire are - white males! Who would have thought, that such a diverse crowd would be the guys paying money up front for a BT game.As much fun as the story is - the game is mediocre to bad…Load times that would make the Greenland ice-sheet proud, unstoppable animations for each shot fired, inescapable cut-scenes that are always the same, glitches and small graphic bugs galore, rules that are arcane to none initiated BattleTech players. I will keep playing this game, just for the Jordan Sense of Humour but would not recommend it to new players. At least not until it gets patched some more. 
LoneGunman	Not Recommended	57.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/LoneGunmanWASD/	I really wanted to like this game. In a way, I do. There's a lot to like:- BattleTech!- You get to run a merc company, managing pilots, mechs, missions, money, etc.- Rock 'em, sock 'em robots with lasers.- The story is there but you can ignore it if you just want to run missions and build out your mech arsenal.- A nice variety of missions from escort to assassination to smash and grabs.But, there are ridiculously frustrating issues with balance that make me want to throw my monitor out the window:- Difficulty ratings on missions are nowhere near accurate.- The salvage system is really uninspired.- You're limited to a single lance versus up to three lances of heavies and assaults eventually.- Knockdowns and pilot injuries are ridiculously easy to come by but apparently hard to dole out.- Initiative groupings give you no indicator of order within a group.- 30% of combat being you waiting for animations or audio clips to finish rather than actual action.The difficulty one is the worst. I get that they're meant to be estimates by your XO and are effectively supposed to represent the info you have before you drop. But, I find the max pay and salvage is more often an indicator of actual difficulty, if at all. You might see a level 3 rated mission worth 1m c-bills and a level 5 rated mission worth 300k. No surprise then when you drop on that level 3 rated mission and it's got the original lance plus a reinforcement one popping in with heavy mechs. And there's often little you can do except to soldier on. Or restart the mission and randomly get enemies in different mechs. One mission had a convoy I needed to destroy. One drop attempt there were two SSRM carriers that could knock my mediums down with a single salvo. Restarted the mission and now they're just strikers.  EZ PZ.Tonight, for instance, I had a couple of great missions where I managed to take down a lance and assault a base (in both). It felt well balanced. There was some risk, a mech or two took a beating but we got paid and it was satisfying. Then I get this assassination mission, level 3, worth 1m though I switched to full salvage to get some mech parts. I drop with my heavy lance (280 tons total including my trusty HGN). I tried this damned thing three times with different strats. Every time it's 9 opfor of which 2 are assault, 3 are heavy and the remaining are either a light with some mediums or a mix of vehicles (35t, 80t, 50t). They're all bunched together with no way to separate them beyond the random AI logic where the target's running around out of line of sight while the rest of the enemies just murderball your single lance. And these are high rated pilots since they have advance skill shots they can pull off...shots my pilots haven't even unlocked yet.The salvage system is a simplistic set up where a mech can "drop" one of 3 "chunks" of mech and how many chunks are dropped depend on just how badly you damaged the mech type in question. Put together 3 chunks and you've got yourself a brand new mech! It's like salvage bingo. I get why they might have gone that way but it feels sort of empty. It's like you're drafting cards instead of salvaging a mech you managed to head shot on the battlefield.Speaking of headshots, knockdowns. Throw enough missiles or ballistics at a mech and you'll knock it down, injuring (or killing) the pilot. Apparently it's as easy to knock down a 80 ton assault mech as it is to knock down a 50 ton medium. Funny thing is, you can injure an enemy pilot with head shot damage AND a knock down but it counts as a single injury. Meanwhile, your own pilot will take 2 damage. Maybe a bug or maybe another rule that's operating under the hood without a proper explanation.Initiative starts out pretty straight-forward: your mech's effective speed (plus modifiers from the pilot's skill) puts you into one of 4 buckets. Initiative 4 players go first, followed by initiative 3, etc. Within a bucket, it's either random or apparently it favors the enemy. You have these chevrons representing your lance's place in a bucket but your enemy could go first or you could or who knows who. They're not stacked in order so I have no idea what's going on. And who gets to go first within a bucket could mean the difference between your pilot's twisting around to put armor in front of a shot and a blown out torso.And, prepare to slow down. Between load times (definitely install this sucker on an SSD...means the difference between minutes to load and seconds) and you having to wait for animations to finish and random audio clips to play out, you'll be sitting around a lot waiting to get to your next turn. Laser fire...wait...damage is displayed, arms fly...wait...audio clip plays...wait...animation finishes...wait...next mech gets to go. It can take 30-45 minutes to complete a mission but if you speed up the animations a bit (or let us skip them), play the audio asynchronously or let us skip it, you could probably cut that down to 15-25 minutes. Plus later missions seem to take longer to load (more mechs?).The devs posted a roadmap where they seem to know about the issues with difficulty and the like so here's hoping they'll manage to fix things without breaking more things. As it stands, there's a great game here but it still needs some work. If you don't mind the difficulty challenge and random nonsense, by all means go for it. But, if you want a solid BT game, I'd wait until they address some of these items in an upcoming update (soon?) before taking the plunge.
projecteulogy	Recommended	83.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/projecteulogy/	Mechwarrior 2: Mercenaries meets Mech Commander and have a very great looking child. In need of tweaks due to the clunkiness of some things but i'm sure HBS will fine tune and tweak some things.Its too easy to damage the cockpit in this game compared to every other Mech title to date. Its fairly easy to headshot someone at range, or completely miss a CT  shot from point blank range despite CQC/Brawler setups.Still. This takes me back to my young teens.Review after 50+ Hours:After beating the game.. I found mods..Mods... Mods... Mods..You can literally make this game INSANELY HARD or a complete cake walk. I'm so very glad the dev allowed the game to be mod friendly. Now I feel like it was truly worth the preorder.
White Money - First to 3?	Not Recommended	156.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/PhiteHower/	After 150 weeks into the campaign, performance is so bad its unplayable. Menus take 5-10 seconds to switch when a button is clicked, fps in battles is down to 20, game stops for 10secs when a mech/building is destroyed, loading times are up to 3minutes between dropping and going back to the ship.Performance was not great to begin with either, gpu usage is constantly at 100% (capped at 60fps), even when youre just staring at the main menu screen which only features a movie background and some buttons. There is also a memory leak, after 2hr of play ram usage is up to 8gb and it takes even longer to navigate menus.Would recommend to pick this up after a few patches, hopefully they will fix the performance issues.
illequine	Recommended	105.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197970339840/	it's awesome. mech pun intended. imagine XCOM with less overwatch and more options on what weapons to fire, or alphastrike everything and blow yourself up for fun. It's not for rookie TBS players at all.The tutorials are almost non-existent, the game expects you to know basic stuff like group firing, single weapon fire, calling shots etc..You'll pick it up easily enough but there's a harsh learning curve for that and for customising your mech's loadout - it's pretty hard to fail at it but it will cost you valuable days and potentially months of ingame time to repair and refit a mech or recuperate a wounded mechwarrior. So your ♥♥♥♥ups in battle do have enormous repercussions as well as you messing up a fitting job on your shiny new mech. runs reasonably well with an SSD - load times are 20 seconds maximum between battles, i imagine it's longer with mechanical drives. Looks good, bit janky on action cams ala XCOM with terrain spoiling the view of the mechs etc.. to be expected though. The gameplay and tactics are very very well done. There's a feel of RPG to the game which is nice, it's not strictly that way, but you skill up various piloting trees and gain benefits from those, so thats nice. There's an actual decent story to it! Imagine that? 9/10 from me
xilacnog (Gundisalvus)	Recommended	94.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/xilacnog/	I bought it on Kickstarter, over 2 years ago.I haven't had any issues whatsoever with the game so far.This is the Battletech game I have been waiting for.Story is compelling, battles keep you on your toes and as they progress, you start worrying about your own mechs status, take too long and the chance to lose parts of a mech increases.For instance, I took too long to destroy an escort mech, which forced me to put a Spider in front of the convoy that I needed to destroy. Spider had full armor, so I didn't think it would be an issue, as the convoy moved closer to the objective, I was left with no choice but to engage in melee.Spider Mech was destroyed in the CT and the Pilot is in the hospital for 110 days.To repair the Spider it would cost 3 or 4 times the reward of mission, so now I'm down a Mech and a pilot.Battletech is very tactical and is filled with difficult decisions to make.I'm very happy that it's out and is what I want.
Gamanos	Not Recommended	70.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198006578072/	This game has to be an absolute joke. No drama's logging in and playing through the 2nd mission, then crashes.After that, every time you load, it crashes the pc again. Checked all drivers, up to date, specs so it's not a hard ware or software issue. Seems others are having the exact problem I am which indictates its a problem with the game. Fix your damn game
FarrowsHarrows	Not Recommended	98.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198028900795/	I was excited to play this game, but first time through game crashed at the end of first tutorial.Then when I restarted the game i could only use the mouse to go forward and back not left to right. I requested a refund and will wait for the game to get cheaper and fixed.no 3440x1440
blacmoon	Not Recommended	660.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198043266216/	First off the major battle in Battle Tech is not between mec and another mech. But between time and patience. It seems every other mission from the beginning to end if you can get to the end that is. All the game does is freeze, and bug out in saves.  After Day Three last mission the game cuts out. You spend more time loading and reloading the game and every time you hope you can get to the mech bay without the game bugging out. It seems this game was not designed for any computer before oh say 2020 the spec are outrageous.  I loved TT Bt but this is not even fun. I wanted to get my money back but because I spent 2+ hours trying to get out of tutorial it seems Steam won't refund my money. So If your looking for a good battletech game consider reloading mercenaries 4. This one does not cut in any way shape or form
Lizard Eats Flies	Recommended	29.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/lizardEatsFlies/	This game is a hell of a lot of fun. Whats interesting compared to other strategy games is how it seems to be about all the little choices building and building on eachother adding up to success or failure. I love the slow burn nature of it.Most of my issues with the game are around the lack of a good tutorial (talk to a character and read a bunch of paragraphs) and failure to understand the ui (took me forever to figure out what the yellow bar under the heat bar meant). And there are a few 'nice to haves' that are missing that can make some of the interaction a little clunky.All in all, its a super fun game with lots of pew pew pew. And nice to see some diversity in the cast and in including non binary pronouns :D
Axelrody	Recommended	110.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198052044280/	I would recommend this game! I finished the campaign without any problems but if you first start off I would recommend watching a few starting tips on YouTube, helped me a lot to skip a hard and long learning curve. The video cinematics are nice but it takes a lot of your time, one can switch them off in settings. If you ever played the old Mech Commander games this game is for you. Thx to the developer, seeing forward to BattleTech 2!
Fragosaurus Rex	Recommended	69.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/nerd-gasming/	TLDR: Get this game if you like storydriven TBS games like XCOM. It's really good.Full Review: This game is amazing, it's everything I'd hoped for and more. Having waited for this game since it's announcement, I'd say I'm quite pleased what my $60 backing got me. The story is much better than I or any of my friends expected, and the random generated aspects of the sim game are enough to keep you occupied for hours on end with a frenzied Pokemon hunt across the Rimward Periphery to find your favorite 'Mechs from lore. If you like XCOM or other similar TBS games, I'd wager you'd like this as well (if we're being honest, you could almost call it an XCOM overhaul mod for the Battletech universe, lmao). But, that's not necessarily a bad thing; I say XCOM is the standard that all new turnbased strategy games should aspire to, and Harebrained Schemes' BATTLETECH has definitely done that. They've taken the tried and true combat implementation, and wrapped it in a great atmosphere. With beautiful, drawn cutscenes, a sweeping OST, and great graphics, this game will give you more than your money's worth whether you want a good story, or an engaging simulation/strategy experience. (And for longtime Battletech fans, this will give you the strategy game you've been waiting for, so long as you don't harp too long on the specifics of equipment values, etc. Yea the AC20 is four slots, get over it :b) The story isn't the *greatest* but it's pretty dang good. The writers throw enough comedic relief and subtle, humorous references to the universe to really seal the deal.With my initial fanboying out of the way; it's only fair to note that this game is not without its flaws. The launch of the game was quite rough around the edges, with numerous bugs and issues running properly (or at all) on some setups. The game's not quite optimized, and there is some fairly significant memory leak.However, HBS has had quite the successful launch (with some rough napkin math, I'd conservatively estimate they grossed $10M from the game), which is fairly significant for a small studio that used about $3.8M in backing to make this game in about three years. And they've promised to bringe optimizations, quality of life improvements, bugfixes, and localization to the game in the coming months. I feel this game could've used a couple more months in development to smooth the edges; maybe they ran out of money, maybe they were pressured by Paradox (their publisher). Either way, they've already set out a roadmap to bring the aforementioned features in future updates; so as long as they stick to their word, this will remain a positive review. Fret not however, this is indeed a COMPLETE GAME. I feel the average player could easily get 20 to 30 hours out of his first playthrough, compared to my 60 (I take my time). Not to mention that this game has quite a fair amount of replayability, as well as the Skirmish multiplayer (or singleplayer mode) where you can screw around with your friends (or AI) in 4v4 'Mech battles.Also, MODS!!! There will be no *official* mod support for the game, but it's written in Unity, and most of the good stuff is easily accessible in JSON files. While some things may be a little tedious to edit, the length to which modders can tinker with and add to the game is huge. Expect some really great things, (quality of life improvements, variable tweaks, custom 'Mechs/Weapons/Pilots/Maps, and perhaps even custom campaigns) coming in the next few months.All in all, I highly recommend this game, it can use some tidying up, but yes, it's a great experience that and TBS or Battletech fan should have. It can also run on a potato, I've tried it on a 2.3Ghz dual-core i3 laptop with integrated graphics, can confirm at least playable. But don't expect it to look as pretty.Stop reading reviews and just buy the game already! Support a great small developer and get your money's worth!
Galactic Origins	Recommended	171.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198106013105/	Product received for free
Blagon	Recommended	43.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Blagon/	I had almost no background in the old MechWarrior games or any other Battletech stuff when I started this game. It starts off pretty challenging because there are so many shorthand terms and mechanics that you need to get used to (armor and structure, for example). The first level was a struggle, I had to restart couple of times. After that initial hump, I fell right into it and finally "got" the game.I dig the tactics and all the choices. The campaign missions are great. Every campaign mission throws something new and challenging at you, usually with multiple objectives. The procedural missions do get dry after a while. The difficulty scaled almost perfectly for me. I BARELY beat a few missions with a few last desperate moves, with only one or two MechWarriors remaining in my lance.
Outreach	Recommended	180.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Outreach214/	You know I've almost never bothered to leave a review in years but I enjoyed the game. It can be very frustrating when you are first starting out if you don't how to do small things to help you survive (facing your mech to soak up hits on your fresh armor), or movement tics and terrain but just watch a tips/tricks video or two to help you understand things and before you know it you'll be kicking all kinds of♥♥♥♥♥ The story was pretty good and what you expect from a Battletech story. Overall I think it's a good first attempt and I look forward to see where they will take the series.
PvTNoob	Not Recommended	153.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198007563975/	Nice game. Fun for 80+ hours. However gamebreaking bug (present since beta) makes you unable to repair / refit mechs, upgrade ship, etc. Problem reported on forums but devs don't bother to respond.https://forum.paradoxplaza.com/forum/index.php?threads/battletech-tasks-not-progressing-in-timeline.1098195/If you enjoy not being able to finish after investing many hours in the game (or if you feel lucky) play it. Otherwise dont waste your time.
Mr. Disproportionate Response	Recommended	70.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mrdisproportionateresponse/	It's not 100% the tabletop game, but the changes that were made only serve to enhance the experience as a video game.  The campaign feels meaningful, the characters evoke emotion, and managing a mercenary company just FEELS right. This is the best Battletech that's hit the PC in a very, very long time, and I fully anticipate that I'll be enjoying for a long time as well.  Whether you like turn based strategy, or you're a fan of stompy robot games, or hell--if you're an old hand who's a fan of Battletech, this title is a must-have.
kolyana	Recommended	93.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197990951542/	A great game.A bizarre first-day quality issue with the paradox connection/can't get into the game unless you restart it type of stuff, and one crash after the tutorial ... but get past that and there is a nugget of pure gold in here. My favorite period of the MW universe was 3025 and here the mechs, the setting, the leading of a lance mercenary company, balancing the books, jump distances, missions, salvage rights ... it's all in there and I freaking love it.Already lost sleep to this game.
Shyrg	Not Recommended	38.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198066190739/	I've been a fan of the Battletech franchise for a long time, and can appreciate this game on a gameplay level. The initiative system is different from most other turn based strategy games I've played, but beyond that it doesn't do anything very different from other titles in the genre, and relies on a mix of nostalgia and storytelling to get the most enjoyment out of the game possible.Unfortunately, the story is mostly unremarkable. You, a mercenary, are railroaded into fighting for the 'good' cause presented to you, with no opportunity to deviate in any meaningful way, or heaven-forbid, join the 'bad' guys. It's a struggle between a fairer and even handed traditional monarchy with all the problems that come with that, and a splinter faction demanding sudden and even radical, or violent, change to address the afformentioned problems. It mostly seems as if there was a checklist that the writers went down full of fictional tropes and cliches, to create a rudimentary- if somewhat preachy- story.The weapon selection is also fairly limited, with only autocannons, SRMs, LRMs, PPCs, and medium and large lasers available- and the support weapon system, where machine guns, small lasers and flamers are relegated to a specific 'support' hardpoints. Some of the lack in weapon variation can be attributed to the game's setting in the Battletech timeline, and I'm sure that given time there will be updates or additions to the story via DLC that will inject civil-war era technology or clan weaponry into the game.Buy it on sale, and try to make up a more compelling story about your mercenary career in your head, or you'll find yourself unimpressed by the story. 
Darkpuffin	Not Recommended	27.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198000143302/	Two separate times a Mission became impossible to complete because a vehicle I was supposed to escort just stopped in place, and refused to move. The only published Dev response to this issue is "restart the whole mission"I waited to buy this until after it's first major patch. And it still has game-breaking bugs that there have been forum posts about since April.
Taznak	Recommended	124.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198001656726/	THIS REVIEW IS FOR THE CAMPAIGN, I DON’T CARE FOR THE MULTIPLAYER.Battletech is a good, but flawed game. I wasn’t sure whether to recommend it or not. First, the good:1. The gameplay is great. The different mech types, the weapons selection, the in-battle choices you have, how different biomes affect your heat dissipation- this is top-notch stuff. It’s pretty resource intensive so you’ll want a powerful computer if you want it to look good, and the third-person mech animations take too long (I suggest you disable them), but the nuts and bolts of this game are really solid.2. If your computer can handle it, the game is gorgeous. The mechs and the battlefield environments look great. I can’t remember seeing a single graphics glitch. Visually, it’s very polished.… and now for the bad parts:1. The tutorials are garbage. They take forever, are boring, and fail in their stated purpose, which is to teach you how to play the game. They don’t tell you how to accurately gauge the range of your weapons, how large hits completely bypass armor, and you get the impression that long-range weapons are garbage because by the time you’re close enough to an enemy to see them, you’re already taking accuracy penalties because they’re too close for your LRMs.2. The story is ghastly. It’s little more than politically correct, feel-good SJW propaganda. All the good guys are either women, or men from US racial minority groups, and of course your ship’s crew is comprised of a politically-correct diversity rainbow. As a result, the plot could have been written by an 8-year old. The main “good guy” is basically female Jesus, she has no flaws and is compassionate and charismatic and brave and blah blah blah. The bad guy is basically Hitler. Good guys do good things while fighting bad guys who do bad things and the good guys win, the end. You could have clever commentary about the nature and purpose of war. You could have political intrigue, be forced to make hard decisions, and explore what was the motivation for the villain to act in the way he did; but no. Apparently, that would weaken the “ideological purity” of the political message they’re shoving down your throat.3. The characters are dreadful. They’re completely one-dimensional. The good guys are paragons of virtue and the bad guys are caricatures. There’s not a single character with a compelling personality that you feel you want to know more about, because you know everything about every character in the game as soon as you meet them; they are all walking stereotypes with no depth whatsoever.So yeah. In terms of story, plot and characters, Battletech is worthless. Everything is a low-quality regurgitation of something you’ve heard of many times before; it has nothing original to say, no compelling story to tell, no soul. In terms of gameplay, it’s really, really good. Adding up the pros and cons, I decided to recommend this game, because there’s not a whole lot of story- most of the game revolves around mech combat, and that part is great. For that, I was capable of withstanding the occasional stench of the game’s political propaganda.
easytarget	Recommended	188.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197992242395/	20+ hours in feels like a safe point to comment on the game. This has a mash up of something I find very compelling in turn based strategy games dating all the way back to the original x-com: ufo defense: which is turn based tactical battles coupled w/ a strategic layer management system.  Add in an RPG element for both the mech load out and pilot development and you quickly come to care a great deal whether your metal and meat survive each engagement. The stories that emerge out of those battles, the investment over time you have in managing your team of mechs and pilots is very special and what makes for a great game.So huge thumbs on this one!!It does have some load time issues hopefully they're looking into speeding up and with a limit of 4 mechs instead of say a weight limit you're forced into fielding the heaviest stuff you can get your hands on and occasionally missions feel almost insurmountably hard.All that said, it's still very much got that core one more turn element, so much so I had to force myself to stop playing today and during that break decided to throw up a review.I'm glad I kickstarted this one and more than ready to throw more money at Hairbrained for whatever next they want to make for what I hope turns into the Battletech franchise.
Verenti	Not Recommended	29.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Verenti/	I want to like Battletech. It makes it very hard.There are a myriad of technical issues, but they hardly make the experience worse. I mean, they do, however, being a rational person I know they will likely be fixed. Eventually. Pink, textureless battlemechs is bad, as are looping sound effects that follow me out of the battles, but they're temporary annoyances. The problems that will never be fixed is where I lose faith in Battletech.The campaign is just bad from a mechanical and narrative standpoint. This is a problem because that is the entirety of the game. There are serious problems with the market system which makes finding things to spend your cbills on difficult and impractical. This makes combat both grindy and tedious. The only way to reliably get better equipment is to fight better does. Which are hard to find, but also require greater investment of resources to kill. You will lose pilots to the RNG. This isn't a problem if the markets were more reliable and searchable; the game makes a big deal out of FTL communication existing, but merchants never thought to use this to advertise their wares. However, the game treats mech weights as a progression, rather than a tactical choice. Traditional restrictions like upkeep costs and drop ship capacity simply doesn't exist. While some interesting choices exist for nimble light mechs as spotters for LRM heavy mechs, ultimately, these are objectively wrong choices when faced with bringing another assault mech, whose survivability and firepower is necessary for dealing with equally unvaried enemy formations. This undermines Battletech as a tactics game. Battletech, from a narrative standpoint is insulting and hamfisted. Arano is a deeply unlikeable two dimensional character, who blunders into one plot point after the next. Her successes are in spite of her lack of vision and leadership, as the narrative pulls her unscathed through one obvious minefield after another. If she was the only problem, I would stay quiet. However, there was one mission in particular that just made me stop caring about the story and perhaps this game all together. Minor spoilers to follow.  A few missions into the campaign, aboard the ancient ship, the Argo, the crew finds a map with a complete record of old Star League installations. One such installation is the prize for the mission. Inside the vault, the cinematic depicts a hanger with uncountable Atlases. Likely dozens of assault mechs geared out with so far unobtainable armament. However, on leaving the installation, your crew decides to blow the entrance, leaving the cache burries. The cache remained open long enough for incompetent heroine and some mech warriors who I had literally never seen before (who replaced my squad I actually brought on the mission) all decked out with assault mechs. Then as a consolation prize, she gives you one of the assault mechs -- except it also wasn't on the mission. Where did it come from? Why couldn't I had my own mechwarriors, who did make it off planet take some of the assault mechs? Because it was just a contrived way to give the game's literal poster child a cool signature toy. Oh, and the map? Oh we can't use it, because there was a virus. Better forget about that ever happening. This writing is lazy. As a part-time writer, I am shocked someone could produce this as a professional. If you don't want the player to have something, don't give it to them. Giving them something, especially with a cutscene, and then contriving why they can't use it is just an incompetent attempt to patch plot holes. It's insulting.The campaign itself isn't really a campaign at all. You take mission, but completing missions outside of the main story doesn't affect anything other than available money and reputation. If you consider how awful the writing is, there isn't any reason to actually play Battletech. You will see the same maps and the same missions and random events again and again. Part of me wonders if they had just made it a string of missions without "random" missions, if the game would have been a better game. Unfortunately, I suspect it would have.I really love turn based tactical mech games. However, if you want to know if Battletech is worth your money? It's not.
Edwards CAE	Recommended	56.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198030784368/	I so wanted this game to be great.  From playing the table top game, painting the figures and reading all the books I grew to thoroughly enjoy the Battletech universe.  To my disappointment this game is only good, not great.  It is too linear and repetitive ... and completely fails to challenge a player strategically.  I don't know why the developers wouldn't have left the decision on what planet to attack up to the player.  Also, the taking over of a planet should have involved a series of objectives that should have been left up to a player to decide ... and these objectives should have have associated consequences or benefits (not being able to repair mechs between battles or sending part of your forces in a two pronged attack for example).  The AI needs to learn to run away ... by the end of the campaign my single mercenary lance of mechs destroyed over two regiments of mechs ... essentially single handedly pushing the periphery further towards a dark age.  I could go on an on about what they could have done to make the game better.  Is the game worth playing?  Absolutely.  Could it have been much better?  Absolutely.
Chro'Tal	Recommended	64.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198004174990/	Ok they finally released it. I must say much of my hype was gone by watching some streamer. First I felt it was unfair backers would not get to play before some random internet guy, but then again it was not that bad and the stream was enjoyable and gave me a lot of insight into the game.Battletech delivers what was promised in Kickstarter. The Visuals are nice, tactics not bad either. Sure AI is not genius, but show me a game where it is?The problem I forsee for this game is long term enjoyment - Harebrained Schemes really needs to release more content / free campaigns etc.Maybe other game modes etc.Also the technical glitches, like stuttering etc. should be fixed, sooner rather than later.All this aside it is a solid game and must buy for any Battletech fan.
Rivz	Not Recommended	4.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197968099463/	I would not recommend it for buying now: poor optimization (on small maps with little physics), sometimes frustrating controls (like turning the mech, feeling when's best to use all squad or one by one), weird terrane bunuses or movement over different land.  It would look great 5 years ago before or with X-Com reboot, now needs good polishing.  Will keep it and hope for the best, really missing good mechs games.
hodagacz-humbug	Not Recommended	3.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/hodagacz/	I love the art and  the combat. I hate needing a BA in economics to actually finish the camapaign. Some people like micromanaging, I can't stand it.So I'm stuck with not recommending a game because half of it I find incredibly tedious. This is just my opinion of course and I'm not proclaiming it as gospel. If I knew how much would be the between mission bookkeeping I never would have gotten it. I wanted to play BattleTech not Strategic Operations.The fighting is great though, so there is that I guess.
Fiora	Not Recommended	0.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/fioraaeterna/	Even the *cutscenes* stutter on my otherwise perfectly good machine. I'd love to be able to play this, honestly, but as-is, the game is unusable on my machine (and going by the reviews, a lot of others).I won't say "don't buy it", but be prepared to ask for a refund if it doesn't work playably on your system.
Nichino	Recommended	100.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197973016747/	GOTY 2018If you like tactical games, you can't miss out on this one.  I'm only 23 hours in, plus almost 100 hours in the beta, and I'm already sure this will end up my most played game.  Not only is it open ended, so doesn't end with the main storyline that I'm not even close to finishing, but I can already see myself replaying from the beginning... so many mechs, so many options...GOTD 2010s
Amer_MerzZz	Recommended	7.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/MerzZz/	Best tactical game in years, beloved Battletech franchise, great mechanics, story is traditional Mechwarrior "betrayal case".Great game, small technical issues that will be fixed.What's up with the Mixed rating, guys?
DexterX2	Recommended	102.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197981003097/	10/10
Axe-man	Recommended	125.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/axe-man/	If you played battletech before or really any board game, you will enjoy this game. If you don't really enjoy it, you might struggle a bit, but be drawn in by the store. The time is working hard to support this game, and it really shows, with updates balancing and making the start of the game less harsh. If you wanted a space adventure with big mechs stomping around and shooting each other this is right up your alley.
Slyfoxwarmonger	Recommended	63.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197965346608/	Wow!  It's been a long time since I've seen a good Battletech game.  Absolutely fantastic...although it takes a LONG time to finally get your hands on a heavy mech
Mr. sELfDesTrUcT	Recommended	272.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198077859145/	I am going to keep this short.   I will not list  pros and cons. I have my pros and I have my cons, but they are mine and not yours.  So.  Here is my review:  I have been waiting for this game since playing the first Mechwarrior.  I have been waiting for -this- game since I beat Crescent Hawk's Revenge in '92.  I have been waiting for -this- game since I stopped playing tabletop battletech with my stepbrother and best friend.  Simply put, this game is the sublime expression of my mind put in game format.
Delicious Pie	Recommended	61.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/cheesecrafter/	It's a good game overall, especially if you're already a fan of battletech. Upgrading your mechs, experimenting with builds, leveling up your squad, upgrading the ship are all great things. I really like what they did with weapon upgrades and the like. It adds a lot of differentiation to what would otherwise be a pretty stale set of weapons. The story and characters aren't that bad either.However the problems many others have cited such as stupidly long load times, a sometimes frustrating difficulty curve, and repetitive combat are all true. Enemy tactics and mechs start to feel the same the more you play. You can also look forward to seeing the same enemy mechs over and over again. Be prepared to fight a swarm of shadow hawks and thunderbolts. There's also the problem of lighter chassis becoming useless later in the game. Part of that exists because there's no additional cost of fielding heavier mechs and few objectives that allow light mech advantages to be useful.There's ongoing support so the bad stuff might change. I thought it was worth the money.
Milkman Luke	Recommended	68.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197963272183/	"That's Battletech!"
Livestick	Not Recommended	22.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198125691913/	As someone who normally hates strategy games, I have to say I really enjoy Battletech, when it works. The problem is that's not very often. The game is extremely unstable and has a tendency to crash mid-mission. I can not recommend this game until that problem is solved.
Rivz	Not Recommended	4.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197968099463/	I would not recommend it for buying now: poor optimization (on small maps with little physics), sometimes frustrating controls (like turning the mech, feeling when's best to use all squad or one by one), weird terrane bunuses or movement over different land.  It would look great 5 years ago before or with X-Com reboot, now needs good polishing.  Will keep it and hope for the best, really missing good mechs games.
hodagacz-humbug	Not Recommended	3.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/hodagacz/	I love the art and  the combat. I hate needing a BA in economics to actually finish the camapaign. Some people like micromanaging, I can't stand it.So I'm stuck with not recommending a game because half of it I find incredibly tedious. This is just my opinion of course and I'm not proclaiming it as gospel. If I knew how much would be the between mission bookkeeping I never would have gotten it. I wanted to play BattleTech not Strategic Operations.The fighting is great though, so there is that I guess.
Fiora	Not Recommended	0.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/fioraaeterna/	Even the *cutscenes* stutter on my otherwise perfectly good machine. I'd love to be able to play this, honestly, but as-is, the game is unusable on my machine (and going by the reviews, a lot of others).I won't say "don't buy it", but be prepared to ask for a refund if it doesn't work playably on your system.
Fried Crowbar	Recommended	33.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/killswitch3765/	BATTLETECH takes you into the universe of the Inner Sphere, an exceptionally intense and interesting universe. Managing a mercenary company and fighting with giant walking tanks called Battlemechs, you'll find yourself drawn to making sure you and all of your stuff takes as little damage as possible, while trying to make sure you don't completely destroy any salvage you may get. Also, to poke fun at some real nerd rage, there is an option for a "They" pronoun. Now, as one of the key members in making the game is Transgender, it's not really a big deal to add in something that literally just lets you choose to have a pilot icon of either female or male. That's it, so I would encourage you to not give in to the snowflake mentallity and just play this awesome game. 10/10 gives me the real Battletech gaming feel.
Narcissistic Red	Recommended	107.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198068159072/	It's everything I hoped for and so much more. MechWarrior vet been playing battletech/Mechwarrior since 1989. Next stop, MechWarrior 5 Mercs The Year of "MECH"
em312s0n	Recommended	62.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/em312s0n/	Game is awesome. Game did not crash or freeze once for me despite the number of people here saying that it does.
CJW5027	Not Recommended	38.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198075974589/	BattleTediumThey need to figure out a way to speed things up. The current release is slightly more exciting than AccountingSimulator 2018. I don't:- Need to have my time progression stopped weekly if I am running out the clock on repairs - allow me to run for a continuous month.- Need to see every incremental movement of enemies. XCOM (and even Total War) figured out a way to make this work. Battles in this game are more tedious research exercises in optimal unit positioning. Get ready to spend 3-5 hours on a single difficult battle until you figure out the right combination of moves.- Want to spend my life watching a loading screen, going back to the main menu, and then re-deploying into a battle if I wanted to reload a battle that I was already in from a few minutes ago. 
Vulture	Recommended	83.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Vulture2k/	The game of my dreams, endless gameplay, manage my own mercenary unit in battletech universe, great story.. i am having a blast.
Witt	Recommended	174.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/wittsplace/	First Impressions Love it, Got around 30 hours of gameplay in and am very satisfied with my full-price purchase. But I took a look at some of the reviews here, and while I'm happy to see a mostly positive response, I'm a little surprised at the reasons for the negative reviews. I also have my own points I want to add - some good, some not so good. So in no particular order:Crashes and Bugs? Seems like there's a lotta mention of crashes and bugs - I have yet to encounter any at all. Runs great on my AMD 8350, 8gb RAM with an NVIDIA GeForce GTX 950 (4 gb) GPU.Load Times Some players mention that it's slow to load - I have to agree with that. Takes like 30-60 seconds to load up a mission prior to a drop, and watching the "jump between systems" animations everytime I go somewhere else gets old (but it's probably a video that's covering another slow load time). The game's in its first public release; let's hope they can optimize that a little. Story I have mixed feelings about the campaign. First, let me say, it's very well written and true to the Battletech canon (NB: I first played tabletop Battletech back in the mid eighties when it started; this isn't my first Solaris rodeo). Anyway, I'm loving the "do this story mission for us... okay thanks, we'll get back to you when we're ready for another now go hone your mercenary company in the meantime" style. Major thumbs up.But on the flip side, the campaign doesn't seem to hold much hope for replayability. Once you know who betrayed who, who lives, who dies, what mission you will do next, it seems to me it won't hold up for multiple playthroughs. There's a skirmish option, which I haven't played, but meh... I don't play the game just for the tactical combat portion - I play it because it's Battletech (complete with backstory, characterization, ambiance, etc). And without some customization help from the modding community, I doubt the game will have legs.Characters Nice diversity of mech pilots you can hire, but a couple gripes here.   - First, why doesn't my customized mech pilot have any voice lines? Lame.   - Second, you can't edit your NPCs at all - no name changes, no cosmetic changes, no new voices. So if you hire a top-notch mechwarrior but he's an ugly, fast-talker from Brooklyn named Hoganloganpogan "Wiener" Lukenstein (whose voice grates so much you want to shoot either him or yourself) tough luck buddy. Let's hope the modders can fix this issue with new cosmetics and voice packs (a'la XCOM 2).Some of the voice acting is great, but unfortunately some isn't. Get stuck with a bad voice actor/actress on a mech pilot with mad skills, you just have to endure.Mech Cosmetic Customization Almost the same problem here. Sum total of options is to change your company crest (which doesn't really show up much) and change the paint on your mechs. There's a small "Pattern" selection button in the Mech Bay when you're looking at individual mechs, that lets you change where the three color choices (chosen in the Captain's Quarters) show up on the mech, but it's pretty uninspiring. I'd really like to be able to trick out each individual mech - including putting decals, the pilots' names, whatever. Modding community? :)TLDR: Great game, highly recommended, with some issues - mostly cosmetic/customization gripes brought on by my AMAZING experiences with XCOM 2 (thank you modding community!) I'll keep playing this iteration of Battletech though, in spite of my gripes. It's well worth the $40 purchase price. Let's hope the Devs stay on top of it and continue to improve it (without too many high-priced DLCs - I'm talkin' to you, Paradox! 
Psi	Recommended	56.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198091752262/	This game is so cool, there really is no other word to describe itPositives:+ big killer robots are just so cool+ giant killer robots are just so cool+ Ok seriously... I just love the giant mechs in this game+ music is great+ campaign feels polished+ graphics are beautiful, satisfying and pack a real punch when a mech is destroyed+ true suspensful moments (and some save scumming) when one of your mechs gets their arm blown off, or even totally destroyed.+ so satisfying when you down an enemy mech, or pull off a nice move or strategy+ watching your mechs dominating the battlefield is so much fun+ your giant mechs can jump with their rockets (the light mechs can jump really far)+ making your crew eat ramen noodles to save money so you can get out of debt (it is easy to save and make money in this game if you know how to push your crew)+ I feel like a kid again, when I used to read the sourcebooksNegatives:- There is no clear instruction manual but you can find one here (I learned some good info from it): https://s3.amazonaws.com/www.harebrained-schemes.com/backer-beta/manual.pdf- No hand holding for how to explain some mechanics (manual above will help)- Engine can seem a bit slow and glitchy at times (on 32GB RAM here and a GTX 1070) but this can be fixed by a.) speeding up the in and out zooming speed in the settings so it doesn't take half an hour to zoom in and look at your mechs, and b.) going into Nvidia control panel and setting Battletech to always use your GPU, and to be on maximum performance for power settings. After that it is fine and I think the complaints about htis generally have been overblown.- It does run a little hot however, for what the game offers, I am sure this will be fixed soon though and I certainly don't feel like it is melting my rig- The game doesn't tell you you can add more armor to your mechs and this doesn't count towards tonnage if they are below what they can be (if they have lost some armor in a fight, and usually they will, always make max armor after every fight). This makes things much easier.- Camera angles can sometimes be a bit off. But if you like giant mech porn like me you can zoom in more with the camers before your mechs do their action and then it often looks better. I am sure they will optimise this further too.- There are no squishy infantry units which I hope get added in a DLC (or even in gasp a free update)So every negative above, i figured out how to fix it, and you can tooIf you like giant mechs and strategy, you have to buy this game.For TBS title, the graphics and sound effects are so satisfying and punchy I think even some TBS haters might enjoy it.I actually think this game is destined to be a classic
Kobura	Recommended	107.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/KoburaShinja/	This is a simplified, and accessible, but very spiritually tied and very faithful, installment in the Battletech universe. Writing new major story in a series with dozens of novels without changing anything is difficult, and many are disappointed the player-characters don't get to rub shoulders with great House leaders like Maximillion Liao, Steiner, Davion, or Kurita. But when almost every moment of the lives of these living legends is already documented, writing a new story is all that's left.The graphics are "par" for a game of this type and era. It's above level visually of Supreme Commander or Command and Conquer 3, but is presented in that vein. People are disappointed it's not more pretty, but I just don't notice because I'm too caught up in the winding fully optional story and open universe and tactical bredth of encounters to zoom in and peer at something in disappointment.I have not suffered a single crash. There is a memory leak at this present time which causes the game to have hitches and loading trouble during play, which resolves for several hours at a time with a close and game restart. Some friends of mine have reported that ejecting a pilot before having them complete a movement can have the game get stuck waiting for that pilot to end their turn even after ejecting. Be noted of this. I expect it to be patched posthaste.The graphical user interface has a few unintitive moments which I expect to be patched smooth. They do not ruin gameplay.I have yet to see the much complained about "character gender" selection ever be mentioned in the text. If that's actually all that's wrong with this game, then it deserves a place as Strategy GOTY 2018. People complaining about the inaccurate or "campy and pandering" social undertones clearly have no clue about the 34+ year-old history of the Battletech universe. Read the source material before deciding that this game goes out of its way to be appealing. Most "sjw fodder" complaints miss the easy mark about a clearly Native-American main story character seeking to reclaim her homeland from a very hispanic name themed antagonist. If these derogatory reviews were actually seeking to call out a game for lazy writing they may have picked a less clickbaity aspect to do so. Gender politics are hot columnist material in these days but that is not what big stompy robot video games are about. Leave the agenda behind and focus on the game.Because there is a lot of game.BATTLETECH IS BACK BABY
Blood Blister	Recommended	42.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/BloodBlister/	Unlike others I'm not experiencing any perfoemance issues such as large pauses between commands and them executing, nor is the game crashing (at all). The gameplay itself is incredibly fun and the targetting simulation is a very nice twist on the formula. Overall, I'd strongly recommend it.
bionutter	Recommended	96.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198006867213/	I am really enjoying this game. I am only really starting to hit my stride as of posting this review. The merc sim aspects coupled with the battlefield stratagy make for a game I think I am going to really sink my teeth into.
Kotkanpes	Recommended	153.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197981261775/	Summary:You should try this game. At least if it's on sale. It's fully playable, but some frustration in its current state is to be expected.Good:Battlemechs!!! Need I say more?Melee and jump mechanics were integrated. Very satisfying. It was only missing a third attack type, sprint/tackle :)A roster of mechwarriors and because they get injured there is a necessity to recycle them.Mercenary work and salvage gathering. You can always choose between a few missions.Bad:Scenarios that spawn enemies on top of you or right next to you without warning. IE drop from a ship. I was playing one base assault mission and imagine my surprise when suddenly the base's LRM towers gained visibility coverage to my entire team and started blasting. The LRMs are too overpowered because they knock down the mechs very easily. Once I noticed that and started using LRMs a lot of the missions became very easy.Escort missions where the escortees drive/"sprint" forward on their own. It should be the escort guards that give the go-ahead for the escortees to proceed. In similar enemy convoy missions the enemy escortees are always 60 - 80 ton tanks. This is really frustrating.Decision to put a lot of 60 - 80 ton tanks in missions with a lot of light mechs. I'm thinking that this was to reduce mech salvage gains. To the same category strikes the game balance decision to put a huge gap between buy/sale price in stores. It does not seem reasonable to put a 10x(!) difference. The moneytary gain should be otherwise balanced. For example, keep sale price at 30-40% and add costs for repairing and constructing mechs.There are little to no places to buy actual mechs and/or mech salvage during the campaign.Gameplay delays due to camera etc should be removed as others have already indicated. This applies also to cutscenes during travel.Withdraw functionality is an instant exit with little drawbacks. Of course with the current tonnage variation (bad intel) you probably need to use it at least once.Some assault mechs seemed to use heavy jump jets -> free tonnage. Similarly it should be stated why some mechs have more free tonnage than others. I'm assuming that it's the engine difference.Using direct damage weapons in short ranges should not cause aiming penalties. At least not so significant.Ugly:Weapon ranges are not clearly visible when deciding where to move units. What is the size of one hex?Skill development is not visible from the start so you can't plan accordingly. Total experience per mechwarrior is not visible.Hardpoint symbols etc should be colored in the customization screen.It would be nice if one could move mechs between mech bays. It's possible now, but only via storage.
skad	Recommended	74.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/skadian/	If you're a battletech fan this is a good buy. The game can be seemngly endless depending if you just blow by through the story missions or actually take the time to do contracts and build your mercenary group up. I've had a ton of fun and haven't had any crashes.
Edwards CAE	Recommended	56.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198030784368/	I so wanted this game to be great.  From playing the table top game, painting the figures and reading all the books I grew to thoroughly enjoy the Battletech universe.  To my disappointment this game is only good, not great.  It is too linear and repetitive ... and completely fails to challenge a player strategically.  I don't know why the developers wouldn't have left the decision on what planet to attack up to the player.  Also, the taking over of a planet should have involved a series of objectives that should have been left up to a player to decide ... and these objectives should have have associated consequences or benefits (not being able to repair mechs between battles or sending part of your forces in a two pronged attack for example).  The AI needs to learn to run away ... by the end of the campaign my single mercenary lance of mechs destroyed over two regiments of mechs ... essentially single handedly pushing the periphery further towards a dark age.  I could go on an on about what they could have done to make the game better.  Is the game worth playing?  Absolutely.  Could it have been much better?  Absolutely.
Kerillian Corvette	Recommended	36.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198080322851/	As an avid XCOM junkie, I had high hopes for this game, and it certainly delivers. The tactical combat is wonderfully deep, with many subtle systems interacting with one another to bring about a chaotically satisfying experience. I particularly appreciate how the game manages to make a turn-based experience feel less game-y and more a faithful representation of mech on mech combat.
Federal Bum	Recommended	228.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/navevan/	Pros:-Decent storyline that will have you picking up the story driven missions in between randoms-The mix of artwork and graphics created a very immersive feel versus weird CGI cutscenes  that no one is interested in-Music on pointCons:-Personal taste, but overall gameplay fosters a very player safe experience with very little in regards to consequences for mistakes made or failures. You'll get to a point where you'll have over 100 mechs stuffed in your space closet. FIX? ROGUETECH mod. My only beef gets fixed with this amazing conglomerate of mods. Definitely worth 40 bucks.10/10 - would watch Dekker die a thousand deaths all over again.
warlordc903	Recommended	97.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198007508276/	I hemmed and hawed when this game first came out. It sounded cool, but a bit high of a price tag from the development team that brought us those great Shadowrun Games. So when it went on sale I snapped it up right away.If anyone is following my reviews they'll know that I love me some turn based squad scale combat and this game is certainly no exception. Nothing is more gratifying that watching one of your mechs just blast apart another mech on a hit that you thought would only damage it slightly. Unless your goal was to try and salvage it, but instead it just melted into tiny pieces. That part can be frustrating. You can score cockpit shots on heavy mechs that take them down with one shot, that was always a surprise when I did that.I'll get the negative stuff out first. The non-story missions can be repetitive. For the easily frustrated, you will rage quit. Why there's no option to turn off permadeath for your pilots, I dunno. The developers must be sadists or expect their players to be masochists. Though old school turn based games always had permadeath and we just had to accept that. The Mechs themselves can't die permanently so that's good, but it can cost a bundle to repair them. Also you are limited to deploying 4 mechs at a time thought you can have up to 18 mechs and just as many pilots, but most of them are sitting in their barracks collecting experience on some weird holo-mod training. The trend for these squad based games is limiting the amount of people you can deploy and it irritates me.  I get that the game is not about fielding an army of mech warriors, but one or two more would be nice. Or if the restriction is the drop ship, maybe the drop ship could get some upgrades to allow you to field larger teams. I always feel like team restrictions is just an arbitrary game restriction to make balancing easier. The other nagging detail is mech progression. Bigger is better, simple as that. There's little benefit to fielding a smaller mech because they're vulnerable as heck. The bigger mechs can curb stomp the small ones with little difficulty and since you can only field so many mechs you always want to deploy the big boys as you need the machines that can actually survive combat. It eliminates a potential area to look at with your tactics by ganging up on the big guys with a bunch of small guys.My computer isn't the greatest so I did have the game crash to desktop a lot or just straight up freeze. In some of the specific missions I had to play things a certain way or the mission would crash. Tried 10 times and finally I could beat the mission without it freezing on me. The load time for maps can also be a bit. Bring a book.With all that negative stuff you'd think I'd downrate this game, but it's still enjoyable and as you can see it certainly has eaten up a great chunk of my time.The good stuff. Did I mention cool mechs? Also turn based combat. Not as many weapon choices as you'd think in a game like this, but enough that it makes things feel customizable and not overwhelming at the same time. The story based missions are the most detailed and fun and get away from the reptitiveness of the other missions, but those story missions are hard. Holy bananas. And cause I'm a big ole wimp I play on easy too. As you beat mechs you can salvage pieces of them to then make better mechs and this is a strangely gratifying process. So when you come up against a mech you don't have or is in a weight class higher then you, you get all excited about how you can take that guy down while dealing as little amount of damage to is as you can.Despite its faults its worth getting. If there are any overhauls to the game, I'd be willing to put more time into the game. Though I don't know if I'd want to start again from scratch.
twitch.tv/ThatZenDude	Recommended	40.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/NoLifeBackDoorBandit/	Keep in mind that Santiago did nothing wrong and is the good guy. >Be Princess of the Reach>Kingdom in decline. Literally dying.>Uncle tries giving good advice>Let's centralise the army >lol no. That would be authoritarian >Let's curtail the corrupt council>Lol no. That would be mean>Let's adopt a strong foreign policy >lol no. That's xenophobic >Be Santiago>Country you love is in ruins >Princess is content to let it decay >She has rejected all sound advice>She does nothing but LARP as a Mechwarrior and moralfag>You must choose between nation and niece >Launch Patriotic Coupwould let the princess loose war and rebuild the realm by providing services to Santiago again
iceteo012	Recommended	100.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/iceteo012/	If you like Battletech, buy it. If you like turn based games in general, buy it. If you love giant robots blowing the crap outta each other, BUY IT. Yes, I agree that the game is not really newbie friendly for those not well versed in the lore or the tabletop but this game is worth your time and effort.
NUMBERZero1032	Recommended	25.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/NUMBERZero1032/	Amazing look, amazing story, amazing music. Voice acting was surprisingly crisp, and the dialogue is very well written. The mercenary-style system is very well done, and I love how the game utilizes the passage of time for repairs, upgrades, and injuries. And the transit scenes between systems are so spectacular, it reminds me of Firefly in a small way.
Chro'Tal	Recommended	64.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198004174990/	Ok they finally released it. I must say much of my hype was gone by watching some streamer. First I felt it was unfair backers would not get to play before some random internet guy, but then again it was not that bad and the stream was enjoyable and gave me a lot of insight into the game.Battletech delivers what was promised in Kickstarter. The Visuals are nice, tactics not bad either. Sure AI is not genius, but show me a game where it is?The problem I forsee for this game is long term enjoyment - Harebrained Schemes really needs to release more content / free campaigns etc.Maybe other game modes etc.Also the technical glitches, like stuttering etc. should be fixed, sooner rather than later.All this aside it is a solid game and must buy for any Battletech fan.
Sigfried	Recommended	79.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/sigfried/	Overall, I'm very happy with Battltech. It's not the end all be all of battletech games, but its a solid effort and delivers the goods for me.New to Battletech?Basically, this is X-Com with giant robots. It's not a AAA tame like Xcome is, so lower your expectations a little from that bar. Also, the nature of combat is a bit more about attrition and playing the odds compared to X-Com's ambush and alpha strike tactics.What's here?You have a single player campaign game, much like X-com. You build up a roster of pilots and mechs, while doing randomly generated missions to build up cash, equipment, and experience. There is a single scripted story arc that is acted out in a series of tactical missions, each a bit harder than the last. Its designed such that between missions, you do the randomly generated ones.Tactical battles consist of your four best mechs against whatever the mission throws at you. Generally, you are outnumbered and out-gunned, but through crafty play you can come out on top.There is also a mult-player skirmish mode where you take your 4 mechs against an opponent and battle to the last mech standing. Nothing fancy, but its a good game for head to head strategy with a bit of luck to keep things exciting.Battletech Vet?Well, you will find that they have both been faithful to the spirit of the game, but taken some liberties with the exact mechanics. Damage numbers and armor values are about 5X more than normal, and some of the weapons have been re-balanced a little (at least from the last time I played).  They have added some mechanics in the area of getting knocked down, added pilot special abilities, and automated much of the movement rules.Mech design is more restricted, but also more realistic and less cheesy. The main difference is that mechs have hard points so you pretty well have to put the sort of weapon in the location that the mech looks like it could have that sort of weapon. It gives the individual mechs more lore flavor while still letting you be creative at creating mechs for specific roles. Personally, I think they did well with this change but others may find it too limiting.Battles play out very much like they would in regular battle tech. The pilot skills probably are the biggest change and they can swing a battle a bit by letting you target specific parts of a mech, increasing the likelihood of a quick kill. It ups the skill factor a bit and reduces randomness a little. I think that's good for a game like this.What's great about it-Solid Mech Combat - a good translation of the battletech rules-The game lore is very nicely presented in the story and dialogsWhat ain't bad but could be better-The graphics are decent, but the mechs on the field are fairly hard to identify due to mushy colors and bumpy surfaces.-There is only the one scripted story mission. Scripted side missions would be a huge boon to re playability.-The overall pacing of the game is pretty slow and ponderous, long load times, lots of dialogs, many screens to fiddle withStuff that is straight up awful-Nothing for me, the slow pacing is probably the worst problem hereLast thoughtsI really hope the developer continues to give the game some attention. ITs a great platform but build on, but it could use more meat on its bones, and some streamlining. If this game gets modding support, it could really shine.
Korzik	Recommended	29.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Korzik/	Written at 11 hours played:The first thing to realize about this game is that is a digital version of complex tabletop game. That means it is a tad bit slow paced. But instead of battles taking 3 hours they take just under an hour.There are two levels to the game, the battles and the running of mercanary company. Both effect how you approach the other.I don't have a huge love of mechs so the theme isn't a plus or minus to me. It is just a solid tactics and managment game.
Rhizic	Recommended	13.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Rhizic/	Not going to lie, it's got it's clunky bits and the loading times are a chore but this is by far the most "battletech" game we've seen so far and they did a really good job of capturing the tabletop feel. It isn't run and gun, nor real time action like Mech Commander so don't get it if that's what your after. It's more like X-Com or Fallout Tactics in the way it plays with quite an nice initiative system. You'll be micro managing heat and moral alongside your finances which is all captured really well.In short; It's not ground breaking as a game but it defintaly fills a huge Mech shaped hole in the heart and I'm definatly happy I backed it through BETA... looking forward to the minor fixes which they've already started to impliment and yeah. top game.Oh yeah, they allow you to use the pronoun "they" alongside "he" and "she" so the MRAs and shut-ins are melting down, spewing half remembered Jordan Peterson qoutes and denouncing the left for ruining mechs... so thats fun.
G0rgonP0rnstar	Recommended	102.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/GorgonPornstar/	This review is done on the initial release version of BATTLETECH. 'BATTLETECH' is the mercenary game I've always wanted. For years I had envisioned some open-ended freeeplay merc game like this. Maybe not a turn based strategy, but the company management in the game is so well done. You accept contracts and negotiate for more loot or more cash in a bid to keep the lights on and the doors open for one month longer. My experience thus far has been very Cowboy Bebop. Sometimes I make a killing on hard missions, sometimes I have to eject, sometimes I spend mroe in repairs than I make in a mission. Your tactical decision making in battles can mean dire consequences for the company as a whole. If you find yourself low on funds or without the time to complete repairs, you will have to attempt missions without pilots who are wounded or with half-repaired or missing mechs.The combat is very niche and the game does an awful job with the tutorials. If you are a longtime fan of the Battletech series, it will all be very intuitive to you. If you are like me and have no experience with the series, then you may want to read a little online to better understand how mechs are used. You have to constantly keep exposing the freshest armor you have, keep up movement without outpacing the rotation of your torso. Positioning, positioning, positioning. That is key for everything.  Now for my complaint... The maps are so tiny and you're only limited to 4 mechs that it severely limits the tactical wizardry you can do. It kind of pushes a fair amount of meta-gaming since you run straight into the enemy on your 1st or 2nd turn with how the sensors work. And with enemy reinforcements being arguably broken atm, you will constantly fight 8-12 mechs/vehicles vs your 4 all at once. With being so heavily outnumbered, you lose 25% of your firepower if you take a light mech. Hell, it's a risk to even bring fire support, because again, when I'm facing 3 lances at the same time, I need some alpha-striking ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. I have some more petty squabbles, but everything that is in-game is complete and functions very well. You can clearly see the framework for many, many more systems, but it's like they were never implemented. So I can't ♥♥♥♥♥ about something that's not really there, but only referenced. There is MASSIVE potential for this game in the future. Speaking of, I'd LOVE to see the ability to drop a second lance either to replace downed mechs or so I can play a badass 8v8 or 8v12.
Rich	Recommended	59.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198041585017/	I have been enjoying this game a lot though I believe there is a lot of room for improvements or growth from what I would see as a base game.The game itself is turn based tactical battles between Mechs (big robots with weapons for those new to BT). The battles themselves are well modelled and require quite a bit of tactical thought and strategy, though I would argue that once you understand the system you can quickly build cookie cutter lances. The game has a linear campaign which serves up a mix of scenarios and battles outside the normal missions, which can be engaged in at any time (indeed you can ignore the campaign and just play missions if you like). The campaign was a little predictable with the standard 'save the noble kingdom' but is entertaining enough. Once the campaign is done its just more missions ongoing which I think will becme a little tiresome and repetitive after a while.To my mind the game does set itself up for a whole raft of expansions (some could argue they should have been included from the start) but I would hope for - new campaigns (the first is over quite quickly), new weapons and especially systems (effective AMS would be a big game changer), better scouting mechanics - otherwise why have scout mechs?, better drop mechanics - maybe weight limits etc, more varied events (I had about 8 coffee fights in my first run through!) and finally get a rulebook or effective tutorial as many of the mechanics of the game are not clear and would be especially difficult for someone unfamiliar to BT!I persoanlly had very few bug issues, occasionally Mechs would spawn in places they couldnt move from (never my own) and the game turns were quite slow till I changed a few settings, but otherwise smoothe running.Overall its been great fun and I would recommend to anyone who enjoys turn based games or has an interest in BT. I suspect it will get better with any patches. I look forward to some expansions clanner scum!
Fried Crowbar	Recommended	33.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/killswitch3765/	BATTLETECH takes you into the universe of the Inner Sphere, an exceptionally intense and interesting universe. Managing a mercenary company and fighting with giant walking tanks called Battlemechs, you'll find yourself drawn to making sure you and all of your stuff takes as little damage as possible, while trying to make sure you don't completely destroy any salvage you may get. Also, to poke fun at some real nerd rage, there is an option for a "They" pronoun. Now, as one of the key members in making the game is Transgender, it's not really a big deal to add in something that literally just lets you choose to have a pilot icon of either female or male. That's it, so I would encourage you to not give in to the snowflake mentallity and just play this awesome game. 10/10 gives me the real Battletech gaming feel.
Narcissistic Red	Recommended	107.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198068159072/	It's everything I hoped for and so much more. MechWarrior vet been playing battletech/Mechwarrior since 1989. Next stop, MechWarrior 5 Mercs The Year of "MECH"
em312s0n	Recommended	62.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/em312s0n/	Game is awesome. Game did not crash or freeze once for me despite the number of people here saying that it does.
Bluhd Rehvens	Recommended	27.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198023587068/	I mean, its a solid game given the lack of mecha anything these days, and i know my review isnt gonna be as detailed as others but don't trust the difficulty scale, it lies big. it have be a 2/5 toughness but that won't stop tanks with more damage tolerance than an assault mech, random locusts 1% pilot sniping, and them also throwing all the mechs on the battlefield at once with you spawning in a killbox.that being said when the game is actually being fair its no less frustrating doing actual tabletop gaming. i do have issues with how RNG gives you drops, but ive gotten pretty lucky. this game has a lot of potential and isn't bad for 40$ but i only can suggest it if you want a game that will either be a cake walk and some tactics or abject suffering with a topping of firestarters and a trebuchet 'removing' the cost of an extra pilot in your monthly paycheck. my only other concerns are the fact the tutorial tells you a bit too little. casually playing when not at work, i still am trying to piece together how some stuff works. so why am i still reccomending this? i have had some fun but i might also hate myself low key.
Achi	Recommended	300.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197992010629/	BattleTech is back...and it's a bit of a mixed bag.GRAPHICS:The game doesn't look terrible, but it does look rather dated. Mech's and effects are alright, environments could have used more detail, and character portraits as well as UI elements are downright ugly.You can tell it is a budget title, and you can tell it was made on UNITY.Art design is a matter of taste. The comic bookish look of the cut scenes didn't appeal to me, but your mileage may differ.SOUND:Sound is good. Effects could have used a bit more "ooomph", but are still satisfying.The score is a little hit and miss. Overuse of strings and melodramatic elements; not enough synth, drums and choir to get you pumped for your call to battle and adventure. GAMEPLAY/COMBAT:This is the meat of the game and this is where it shines. If you like turn based strategy, then you are probably going to enjoy this. The gameplay is very tactical and allows for all the depth and versatility that the board game was known for.If you need to scratch that itch, this is a game you want to check out.It's not all good news, of course. The battles are rather small scale. You can only field one lance of up to four Mechs, and you do not have the option to deploy vehicles. As far as I can tell there is no air support or infantry in the game, which seems like a missed opportunity.The game does have RPG and management elements. Sadly, these aren't fleshed out enough to add much. They are nice to have, but they feel more like an afterthought and lack the substance required to carry the game outside of combat. These aspects really should have received more attention, because they tend to be important to players who value the single player experience.STORY:First off, I LOVE the fact that we're back in 3025. It's my favourite timeline in the BattleTech universe. I never cared that much for the Clan stuff and the old Mechs just hold a certain charm that the Clan influence doesn't offer.Sadly, the story is by far the weakest part of the game. It goes like this: genuinely good and idealistic princess gets her throne usurped from under her butt by her evil and conniving uncle. Princess enlists your help to regain her birthright. Nothing new here, for this is as old school as it gets. Wouldn't be much of an issue, if the story was told well...and this is where it falls flat on its nose. I've rarely encountered more bland and uninspired writing in a world that is that rich with lore and interesting characters. Not much of that here! How hard can it be to get a good writer?POLITICS:Due to the fact that this game has stirred up a fair bit of controversy regarding the dev's support for diversity politics and LTGBQwhatever, I wanted to quickly address the elephant in the room from my point of view.I first wasn't aware that HBS did some "diversity hiring", but it does show in the game. While the BattleTech universe has always been diverse; when you hire activists, they just can't help but push their message into the foreground.While I'm no fan of PC culture and all it entails, one has to be fair and admit that HBS managed to be kind of subtle about it. In that regard, I can grudgingly tolerate it. If that is a deal breaker to you, vote with your wallet and walk away.ERGO:I would still recommend this game for the good combat and the overall decent gameplay experience. Considering what you get, the purchasing price of 40 Euros is rather high, but may be worth it if you are a fan of BattleTech or just looking for a good futuristic TBS combat game.So far I have encountered no technical issues, and the game runs well and without hiccups on my computer.
Wolfen	Recommended	47.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/wolfen421/	This game is amazing. The balance is phenomenal and the importance of tactical decision making is huge. I absolutely suggest it for anyone who is a fan of games like XCOM or Front Mission. While the base building isn't on the same level of XCOM, the choices you make in and out of battle are more crucial to your suggest. My only minor complaints are a lack of perfect optimization (that doesn't make the game anywhere near unplayable) and occasional camera hiccups when it goes cinematic to fire your shots.tl;dr: If you like tactics games, buy this now.
[MrTopiB]	Recommended	7.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198077877566/	If you are having troubles with crashing, try running the game as an administrator:> Right click the desktop shortcut of the game> Select "Properties"> Go to tab "Compatibility"> Select the box to "Run this program as an administrator"> Apply> Launch the gameThis fixed the crashing I encountered during prologue.Otherwise it's a very fun game.
Lychosis	Recommended	96.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198057928379/	One of the most addicting games I've played in a long time.  It is very resource intensive for what it is but I haven't had any game breaking technical issues and the game itself is amazing.  They are also open to modding so the future looks very bright for this game.
-Kenbo-	Recommended	157.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kaenbo/	The Bad: Do NOT load this game onto your HDD. You will experience painful load times and even crashes. I am not a software engineer, so I couldn't tell you why this happens, but I know that it does and I know that it hurts!You MUST load this game onto an SSD, unless you intentionally plan on going insane with frustration.The Good: Literally everything else. This game is heaven-sent. It is Battletech. Every fiber of it's being is Battletech.If you don't know what Battletech is, how did you end up here?If you would like to know what Battletech is, well... It's right here waiting for you!$40 seems steep, but you get your money's worth with this title. Extremely addictive, infinite replay value.If you are not familiar with the rules of Battletech, do not let the early-game difficulty discourage you. There are plenty of resources out there to help you. It is worth it to fight your way through the learning curve.
levireinbold	Recommended	198.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198106650684/	My only complaint is that there isn't another campaign to play RIGHT NOW.  (Just finished the game.)
DarkDragoon63	Recommended	61.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198007207061/	If you enjoy the thrill of blowing up Mechs and coooming up with a decent strategy to avoid it being yours that wrecked on the battlefiend than this is for you. Can be a little slow gameplay-wise but the story is intriguing the enemies are brutal at times. Defend your weak and salvage the wreckage of your enemies!There is a lot of managing of your warriors, the mechs, your ship and just the resources you have. A lot more than what I expected and had to restart my campaign when I learned how to manage everything better. Suggest watching some of the viideos for tips and tricks that you might not be aware of since the tutorial is fairly basic.
Milkman Luke	Recommended	68.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197963272183/	"That's Battletech!"
bushidoanime	Recommended	102.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198009107317/	I can finally say after the huge update they've done that I can recommend this game!Great mech turn-based action in the Battletech universe.Great sound-track, nice art-work for the cut scenes, cool story and mechs!
Sleepy Weasle	Recommended	90.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197988369748/	I played battletech when it was Mech Warrior, when it was a card game, when it was a table top game. I love it. This game does complete respect to the genra. I want more of it, and can't wait for the next expansion.
Xetelian	Recommended	6.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197977632063/	I've been playing with the Battletech franchise and Mechwarrior games since I was a kid in the 90s. So this game was a must have for me. If you like games similar to XCOM and other turn based tactical games, that is what you get with Battletech by Harebrained Schemes. They made the excellent Shadow Run Returns and the subsequent follow-ups. So far I've ran into a few bugs, but it just came out so I'd give it some time to get patched up.
KurtafPlom	Recommended	132.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/KurtafPlom/	I surprised that the campaing is so intresting, trying to scavenge for parts to build new mechs is great fun. Tips is to turn off the animations so the rounds goes quicker. The grind in this game is so fun I forgot about the story... :)
Dr. Marker	Not Recommended	59.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197984230894/	I want to start off by saying I like this game overall.So why can I not recommend it? Because in it's current state it's a game that I've had to try and make myself like in the face of some fairly big issues.1- The difficulty: This game can be pretty unforgiving. I don't mean 'guy in XCOM with 95% chance to hit misses and gets's crit next turn' unforgiving, I mean 'wow, I'm being pelted with missiles from some dude halfway across the map that I can neither shoot back at or seek cover from and he just wounded my pilot with a headshot despite me having full armour' unforgiving, it feels like a large chunk of the difficulty comes from many of the game's mechanics either not being particularly well explained or implemented. This is also not helped by the 'difficulty' ratings the game gives you being fairly suspect, in theory, the number of skulls next to a mission should match up to the recommended tonnage you should bring with you for it (basically, how big and heavily equipped your mechs are), in reality, it's possible to have double the recommended tonnage and still find yourself getting wrecked because you had the misfortune of stumbling upon a supposedly low level mission that vomits enemies at you en masse (with little to no warning), an issue compounded by how difficult swarms of lighter enemies are in this game (due to their large volume of fire often resulting in a 'death by a thousand cuts' for your mechs).2- The story: Feels very unneeded and actually clashes with the idea that you can permamently lose the game due to your company going under, compare this to a game with a very similar concept, namely Mordheim. In that you are also tasked with creating a mercenary band who go out to accept missions and have the risks associated with it over them at all times, you will fail many times in that game but it's alright becuase you can rather painlessly start up a fresh new warband and be ready for your first mission in less than a minute (depending on how customisation happy you are). BattleTech, by contrast, requires you to go through the opening character creation, sit through the tutorial mission, go through the dialgoue sequence after the tutorial, do a second tutorial mission and then sit through yet more dialogue before letting you out into even a limited form of the open content of the game (gated behind more dialogue and story missions) and you have to do this every time you start a new campaign.3- Technical issues: I personally have had no issues with running this game. No bugs, no graphical glitches, no crashes (except for one time but that was when I was closing the game so I don't really count that), however, it has been fairly widely reported that a lot of people have had numerous issues with this game's performance so I would be remiss if I didn't mention it as something to look into before getting this game, hopefully these issues are patched before long (and if they have been by the time you're reading this then disregard this section).Overall, there is a good foundation for a game here, like I said I do like BattleTech and do plan to play a lot more of it, but it definitely does have some heavy issues hanging over it that prevent me from recommending it to anyone other than fans of the series, veterans of more difficult turn based games and those with a lot of patience.
gregnier	Not Recommended	3.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Gregnier/	While the art in what cutscenes I could get to is absolutely stunning there are massive game-breaking bugs in the game. Aside from the very long load times and several crashes, there's one complete game breaker out there that I personally have encountered. There are many other massive bugs listed on the forums. If you're using an AMD graphics card make sure to search the forums for the "Three Years Later Bug." It is an abolute game-breaker and only occurs after the 2 hour Steam refund period is up. I have wasted more than 6 hours trying to update my system software and tweak everything to the point where i can progress past that bug and i have had no success. Full disclosure, I have asked for a refund even though the 2-hour window is closed.
ejnarts	Recommended	55.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198054195486/	While I "thumbs upped" the game, you have to consider it more of a fully playable, finished beta. There's so- SO much more that needs to go into this game to make it truly amazing. But, this was a kickstarter baby so they probably didn't have that kind of time with the budget.There is one reason to buy it, the mod "Roguetech". That mod is everything you want this game to be, but there's no story. If it had a story, that'd be the game right there. It's a toss up; a fully realized game without a story or the basic starter pack game with a story.Either way, I love that they made it. I love that they're actively working on more content. I only hope they realize more of the MWOnline game and create the "so- SO much more".That out of the way: the art & graphics are amazing, beautiful, but the coding must have been fast and without creative thought. It runs slow, but they're working on that. And it can lag in the latter stages of the game. You can check the discussion board for tips on speeding it up.The story- you just want more. You never feel like you immersed, like you did anything to help the protagonist achieve her goal. And those missions come by too quickly. Granted, you can put them off until whenever, but still, the pacing seems too quick to me.But, they made it. I love it. I'm waiting for "the more" in hopes that it lives up to my (and I would imagine others') expectations. In the mean time, there are mods.
CarnageINC	Recommended	89.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198007859282/	Thank you HBS!  I've been waiting a very long time for a great Battletech game to come along, it seems I wait no longer!  So far I'm impressed with your campaign, I love the contract mechanics and finances, the time and cost to repair and refit is a welcome addition.  I like the constrants placed upon the players as far as how many mechs and pilots you may have operational at one time.  My only minor gripe with the game is I feel vehicles are to underpowered, they are weak on firepower and easy to kill.I know from the beta that the multiplayer is awesome and my friends and I will enjoy the PvP for a long time to come! I look forward the game's success and any future Battletech DLC or expansion games you may create.
B.Miller	Recommended	25.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/bentheman_de/	Feels like the modern version of the classic board game. I love it and just can't stop playing!The story is great. The presentation outstanding. Can't believe that I am playing a turn based strategy game. So glad I've baked it back in the days. One of those few examples where everything turns out just perfectly :) 
CJW5027	Not Recommended	38.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198075974589/	BattleTediumThey need to figure out a way to speed things up. The current release is slightly more exciting than AccountingSimulator 2018. I don't:- Need to have my time progression stopped weekly if I am running out the clock on repairs - allow me to run for a continuous month.- Need to see every incremental movement of enemies. XCOM (and even Total War) figured out a way to make this work. Battles in this game are more tedious research exercises in optimal unit positioning. Get ready to spend 3-5 hours on a single difficult battle until you figure out the right combination of moves.- Want to spend my life watching a loading screen, going back to the main menu, and then re-deploying into a battle if I wanted to reload a battle that I was already in from a few minutes ago. 
Milkman Luke	Recommended	68.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197963272183/	"That's Battletech!"
Amer_MerzZz	Recommended	7.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/MerzZz/	Best tactical game in years, beloved Battletech franchise, great mechanics, story is traditional Mechwarrior "betrayal case".Great game, small technical issues that will be fixed.What's up with the Mixed rating, guys?
DexterX2	Recommended	102.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197981003097/	10/10
Axe-man	Recommended	125.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/axe-man/	If you played battletech before or really any board game, you will enjoy this game. If you don't really enjoy it, you might struggle a bit, but be drawn in by the store. The time is working hard to support this game, and it really shows, with updates balancing and making the start of the game less harsh. If you wanted a space adventure with big mechs stomping around and shooting each other this is right up your alley.
Slyfoxwarmonger	Recommended	63.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197965346608/	Wow!  It's been a long time since I've seen a good Battletech game.  Absolutely fantastic...although it takes a LONG time to finally get your hands on a heavy mech
Mr. sELfDesTrUcT	Recommended	272.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198077859145/	I am going to keep this short.   I will not list  pros and cons. I have my pros and I have my cons, but they are mine and not yours.  So.  Here is my review:  I have been waiting for this game since playing the first Mechwarrior.  I have been waiting for -this- game since I beat Crescent Hawk's Revenge in '92.  I have been waiting for -this- game since I stopped playing tabletop battletech with my stepbrother and best friend.  Simply put, this game is the sublime expression of my mind put in game format.
Delicious Pie	Recommended	61.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/cheesecrafter/	It's a good game overall, especially if you're already a fan of battletech. Upgrading your mechs, experimenting with builds, leveling up your squad, upgrading the ship are all great things. I really like what they did with weapon upgrades and the like. It adds a lot of differentiation to what would otherwise be a pretty stale set of weapons. The story and characters aren't that bad either.However the problems many others have cited such as stupidly long load times, a sometimes frustrating difficulty curve, and repetitive combat are all true. Enemy tactics and mechs start to feel the same the more you play. You can also look forward to seeing the same enemy mechs over and over again. Be prepared to fight a swarm of shadow hawks and thunderbolts. There's also the problem of lighter chassis becoming useless later in the game. Part of that exists because there's no additional cost of fielding heavier mechs and few objectives that allow light mech advantages to be useful.There's ongoing support so the bad stuff might change. I thought it was worth the money.
iceteo012	Recommended	100.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/iceteo012/	If you like Battletech, buy it. If you like turn based games in general, buy it. If you love giant robots blowing the crap outta each other, BUY IT. Yes, I agree that the game is not really newbie friendly for those not well versed in the lore or the tabletop but this game is worth your time and effort.
Kobura	Recommended	107.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/KoburaShinja/	This is a simplified, and accessible, but very spiritually tied and very faithful, installment in the Battletech universe. Writing new major story in a series with dozens of novels without changing anything is difficult, and many are disappointed the player-characters don't get to rub shoulders with great House leaders like Maximillion Liao, Steiner, Davion, or Kurita. But when almost every moment of the lives of these living legends is already documented, writing a new story is all that's left.The graphics are "par" for a game of this type and era. It's above level visually of Supreme Commander or Command and Conquer 3, but is presented in that vein. People are disappointed it's not more pretty, but I just don't notice because I'm too caught up in the winding fully optional story and open universe and tactical bredth of encounters to zoom in and peer at something in disappointment.I have not suffered a single crash. There is a memory leak at this present time which causes the game to have hitches and loading trouble during play, which resolves for several hours at a time with a close and game restart. Some friends of mine have reported that ejecting a pilot before having them complete a movement can have the game get stuck waiting for that pilot to end their turn even after ejecting. Be noted of this. I expect it to be patched posthaste.The graphical user interface has a few unintitive moments which I expect to be patched smooth. They do not ruin gameplay.I have yet to see the much complained about "character gender" selection ever be mentioned in the text. If that's actually all that's wrong with this game, then it deserves a place as Strategy GOTY 2018. People complaining about the inaccurate or "campy and pandering" social undertones clearly have no clue about the 34+ year-old history of the Battletech universe. Read the source material before deciding that this game goes out of its way to be appealing. Most "sjw fodder" complaints miss the easy mark about a clearly Native-American main story character seeking to reclaim her homeland from a very hispanic name themed antagonist. If these derogatory reviews were actually seeking to call out a game for lazy writing they may have picked a less clickbaity aspect to do so. Gender politics are hot columnist material in these days but that is not what big stompy robot video games are about. Leave the agenda behind and focus on the game.Because there is a lot of game.BATTLETECH IS BACK BABY
Kerillian Corvette	Recommended	36.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198080322851/	As an avid XCOM junkie, I had high hopes for this game, and it certainly delivers. The tactical combat is wonderfully deep, with many subtle systems interacting with one another to bring about a chaotically satisfying experience. I particularly appreciate how the game manages to make a turn-based experience feel less game-y and more a faithful representation of mech on mech combat.
Vulture	Recommended	83.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Vulture2k/	The game of my dreams, endless gameplay, manage my own mercenary unit in battletech universe, great story.. i am having a blast.
Federal Bum	Recommended	228.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/navevan/	Pros:-Decent storyline that will have you picking up the story driven missions in between randoms-The mix of artwork and graphics created a very immersive feel versus weird CGI cutscenes  that no one is interested in-Music on pointCons:-Personal taste, but overall gameplay fosters a very player safe experience with very little in regards to consequences for mistakes made or failures. You'll get to a point where you'll have over 100 mechs stuffed in your space closet. FIX? ROGUETECH mod. My only beef gets fixed with this amazing conglomerate of mods. Definitely worth 40 bucks.10/10 - would watch Dekker die a thousand deaths all over again.
Blood Blister	Recommended	42.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/BloodBlister/	Unlike others I'm not experiencing any perfoemance issues such as large pauses between commands and them executing, nor is the game crashing (at all). The gameplay itself is incredibly fun and the targetting simulation is a very nice twist on the formula. Overall, I'd strongly recommend it.
bionutter	Recommended	96.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198006867213/	I am really enjoying this game. I am only really starting to hit my stride as of posting this review. The merc sim aspects coupled with the battlefield stratagy make for a game I think I am going to really sink my teeth into.
Kotkanpes	Recommended	153.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197981261775/	Summary:You should try this game. At least if it's on sale. It's fully playable, but some frustration in its current state is to be expected.Good:Battlemechs!!! Need I say more?Melee and jump mechanics were integrated. Very satisfying. It was only missing a third attack type, sprint/tackle :)A roster of mechwarriors and because they get injured there is a necessity to recycle them.Mercenary work and salvage gathering. You can always choose between a few missions.Bad:Scenarios that spawn enemies on top of you or right next to you without warning. IE drop from a ship. I was playing one base assault mission and imagine my surprise when suddenly the base's LRM towers gained visibility coverage to my entire team and started blasting. The LRMs are too overpowered because they knock down the mechs very easily. Once I noticed that and started using LRMs a lot of the missions became very easy.Escort missions where the escortees drive/"sprint" forward on their own. It should be the escort guards that give the go-ahead for the escortees to proceed. In similar enemy convoy missions the enemy escortees are always 60 - 80 ton tanks. This is really frustrating.Decision to put a lot of 60 - 80 ton tanks in missions with a lot of light mechs. I'm thinking that this was to reduce mech salvage gains. To the same category strikes the game balance decision to put a huge gap between buy/sale price in stores. It does not seem reasonable to put a 10x(!) difference. The moneytary gain should be otherwise balanced. For example, keep sale price at 30-40% and add costs for repairing and constructing mechs.There are little to no places to buy actual mechs and/or mech salvage during the campaign.Gameplay delays due to camera etc should be removed as others have already indicated. This applies also to cutscenes during travel.Withdraw functionality is an instant exit with little drawbacks. Of course with the current tonnage variation (bad intel) you probably need to use it at least once.Some assault mechs seemed to use heavy jump jets -> free tonnage. Similarly it should be stated why some mechs have more free tonnage than others. I'm assuming that it's the engine difference.Using direct damage weapons in short ranges should not cause aiming penalties. At least not so significant.Ugly:Weapon ranges are not clearly visible when deciding where to move units. What is the size of one hex?Skill development is not visible from the start so you can't plan accordingly. Total experience per mechwarrior is not visible.Hardpoint symbols etc should be colored in the customization screen.It would be nice if one could move mechs between mech bays. It's possible now, but only via storage.
skad	Recommended	74.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/skadian/	If you're a battletech fan this is a good buy. The game can be seemngly endless depending if you just blow by through the story missions or actually take the time to do contracts and build your mercenary group up. I've had a ton of fun and haven't had any crashes.
Cypher27	Recommended	42.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198008018847/	Personally like the game.  I think it's my first review ever written, mainly because it seemed like there were a ton of bad ones shortly after startup and wanted to add my voice.  I didn't have any of the aforementioned compatibility problems.  Running Ryzen 7 1800X and GTX 970.  Game seems to play similar to the tabletop which I've played a few times and enjoyed.  Also it's immature to give bad reviews because of the pronoun thing.
Hellfire	Recommended	187.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198433310330/	After a long wait I was not disappointed! I haven't had this much fun with a Battletech game in a LONG time! So many people are leaving bad reviews over a silly pronoun option and it's childish at best. It's a great Turn Based game with lots of options - you can't go wrong with Battletech!!!
Bearsaw	Recommended	99.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198018783624/	I want to get this out of the way before the review starts i am probably baised towards positiviity since i have played the battletech boardgame for hundreds of hours and also have enjoyed harebrain studios previous games and love to support them.I want to recomend this game to any turn based strategy game and if you are on the fence about this game I strongly take the plunge because the only problems with the game at the moment of writing is just how it runs which they are all ready working on patching. Do yourself a favor and buy this game.
bohlingj	Recommended	70.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198031020464/	I first played MechWarrior way back in the 1990's. Have been a fan since then. Played all the Mechwarrior titles, most of the startegy games, and felt sad that a fun IP of my childhood went away. With the release of Battletech, I can enjoy the IP.  A few thingsFirst of all, the pronouns. Not a fan, Didn't like it. Moved on.  I would like an option to customize the avatar, but that is minor. Game play is slow... But I started my love of the franchise with Mechwarrior on a 486..  Load times were something I dealt with from the start, and it gives you a chance to think about opening moves, risks, and rewards of the mission.  Dislike the repetative cut scences for docking and transport. Get that is part of the buffering sequence, but seeing the drop ship fly to the jump ship gets old. Difficulty settings.  I would prefer that. I often do a play through on "low" difficulty just to experience the story, and then a few on higher settings for the challange.  Not having a one makes it more challanging, but I have grown to enjoy it. Understand this will be changed in a future update. Overall, I enjoy the game.
claverjoe	Recommended	254.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198020934774/	A fabulous turn based game, but unless you are a major fan of the setting, I'd wait a few weeks until they patch the performance issues, because the strategic layer chugs horribly for me, and I have a computer that exceeds all their recommended specification requrements.  I've accecpted that on a personal level because I love the hell out of punchy McRobots turn based games, but I'm getting occasional crashes and terrible performance on the strategic layer of the game, taking 10-30 seconds to move from sceens on the stragetic layer, or to fix my units, or to buy new equipment in the game.  tl;drDo you like XCOM?  Buy it next month, they have some patching to do and it'll rock. Alternatively, if you are an old fan of stratgaming, like a fan of the old Panzer General games or Jagged Alliance or what have you and were used to long loading times on your x386 computer DEFINITELY GET IT! 
rkuhnen	Recommended	50.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198006066386/	This game is brilliant. IMHO the best Battletech game ever. Takes the spirit of the miniature game/RPG games and delivers a masterful package. Its a shame that there are some negative reviews of people that can't appreciate the genius of the tactical layers implemented here. This is a game I will play for ages.If you are not familiar with the Battletech universe and the nuances of controling these giant machines with independent parts the learning curve can be a bit steep but it's worth it. :)
Affi	Recommended	61.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/affi/	It's the battletech I've been waiting for since forever. It's not all the way perfect but it's nothing a few updates won't fix. And really my main complaint is the same I had for the great game battle brothers. I wish there was more. More of everything. Customization, campaigns, story, mechs, gear, interaction between crew. Everything. 
Haunted35	Recommended	225.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197989272468/	Very good game wish good models shared with MWO. Big fan of the gameplay and reminds me of the good days of Mechwarrior Tactics. Hopefully with some future mods and DLC, the game will become even better. The big issue everyone does have is there is a "slowness" to combat which can have even small skirmishes lasting a bit longer than people would like.
telamiina	Recommended	75.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198007215017/	Game has like 0 tutorial......But when you learn it it is a GEM!Has te real heavy feel in it. Car sised arm expoldes off! yeah! :DUI is not perfect etc. but they are small things in a really good turnbased Battletech game!Also this is seems like darn good foundation to loads of stuff to come.
sisch	Recommended	140.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198167750453/	I'm just loving it ... and hope for more!
F4TheGold	Recommended	300.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198050971909/	Been a Battletech fan forever. My profile pic is older then the Kickstarter founding.Love this game.  So Battletech.Sad to see peoples bad reviews due to not having a clue about basic game rules, yet expected.Happy to see it has most good ones afterall.Happy to do another drop in T-minus 2 mins..
Ice	Recommended	124.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198001633171/	I was a big Fan of Mechcommander 2, this game has taken what I loved and gave it a new face, I was very excited when I saw what they were doing. It has been awhile since I paid full price for a game, and I would do it again in a heartbeat, love the game and the company I want more of stuff like this. I highly recommend it to anyone who love turn based stretegy with RPG elements, reminds me a lot fo XCOM.
Doods	Recommended	40.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/doods1130/	Really enjoying it so far. I was afraid the game was going to have a lot of micromanaging resulting in not a lot of fighting. I am glad that ended up being false. Fixing mechs, assigning skills to pilots, buying equipment, and other duties don't take much time. The combat system was easy to learn imo and the graphics are good. I see other reiews complaining of bugs, but I guess I'm fortunate to hove not run into any bugs. Game runs fine on both my laptop (i7-7700hq 1050ti) and desktop (i5-3570k 1070gtx) at 1080p and 1440p resolutions. Issues I have with this game...... I wish combat could be sped up. I don't like waiting for a mech to finish its sprint for the turn to end, and there are a lot of pauses during combat. It would be nice to have options like civ has where you can disable movement and/or battle animations. Knowing paradox, I have no question things will change and bugs squashed. I definitely recommend this game to any fan of battletech.
Marcus	Recommended	143.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198089205111/	An overall enjoyable and challenging game but it is hampered by a sluggish and slow game engine.Played on a Intel i5-2600k at 4.3Ghz, 24Gb ram, 500Gb 860 evo, GTX 980.( + ) Good+ Solid game mechanics.+ Nice music.+ Loads of customization for your mechs.+ Battletech universe+ Solid story so far.+ Resource management, upgrades(+/-) Neutral(+/-) Lacking some voice acting, but then again it costs a load of money hiring voice actors and recording hours of conversation.(+/-) Mediocre graphics.(+/-) Can only deploy 4 mechs max, I think Mech Commander had 12 or 16.(+/-) On some mission you will actually meet the reinforcements first ? This will lead to some very unfair situations, 4 vs 12 or more. These moments can still be solved with taking cover in trees, moving around a lot, turning the right way to distribute the damage and a bunch of reloads. As a last resort you can eject some mech warriors or just retreat.(+/-) The Ai seems to get a lot of headshots on my mechs. Even with a lot of points invested in the "Gut" skill I often end up with 1-3 wounded mechwarriors. It can be a problem in the beginning when you have a limited amount of people.( - ) Minus- Main campaign is too short. It is only around 10 missions.- The grinding for heavier Mechs gets a little tedious after some time.--- Very very slow game engine, reloading a mission can take all from 1-2 minutes. It freezes and stutters every 1-2 seconds almost every time you do something. I have turned off every move, kill, action Camera. It happens on the Argo also, when you change between menus.- Hiding behind mountains and rocks etc rarely works. The Ai and your mechs of course, can shoot through the ground with lasers etc. LRM I can understand since they go over.- Some crashes, 6 on 120 hours playtime.6.5/10I did support this on kickstarter some years ago, and I would say with the limited budget they made a solid game.With a more optimized and fluid engine I would give it 7.5 or 8.If you like turn based games like X-Com this game can be something to consider buying.
Veliq	Recommended	105.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197976281073/	Just buy it.
mitucd	Recommended	215.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198074082168/	A very good game . A little unpolished technically , some long loading times , some action chops but that's all that is bad .Solid addictive gameplay , good story , very replayable . Just finished it and it becomes open world after that . Also i  encounterd a strange difficulty spike around the middle of the game . Maybe because i was running a pair of dragons , and those "heavyes" are kind of worse that a good medium . Got resolved after getting 2 assaults on one mission :)
DropnFbombs	Recommended	66.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197976417707/	If you're looking for a good turn-based strategy game then this is it.  If you like the BattleTech universe (MechWarrior), you're definitely in for something fun.  Since XCom is what this will most often be compared to, here's the difference:* No pistol to your head forcing you through the campaign.  Go at your own pace.  Doing story missions not only moves the story along, but also generates harder mech contracts (random missions).  If you don't want to increase the difficulty (and get/encounter heavier mechs), don't do story missions* RNG based but much more forgiving.  Your Mechs have more than one weapon, and each one rolls to hit (and where it hits).  So if you have 6 weapons at 95%, you really don't have to worry about missing unless you're insanely unlucky.* Oddly enough this game favors speed over cover.  Moving far enough in a turn gives your mech points.  These points make your mech harder to hit, though you lose one with each enemy that fires at you (whether they hit or not) or who scan you.  Cover exists in forests and rubble, but movement is key.  With the use of jump jets even heavy mechs can be made hard to hit.* Heat management is a thing.  You can't fire all your weapons all the time.* A lot more customization.  Your mech warriors have their skill trees and your mechs are armed as you see fit (given their weapon nodes).If you're on the fence I'd say go for it.  The game is 40 bucks and I can see getting 40 hours out of this pretty easily for anyone interested in TBS.  There's a lot of customization options and a lot going on during the fight, though not so much that it's too much to handle.
csleechnet	Recommended	12.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/csleechnet/	I want to preface this review with two things. 1.) I don't leave many reviews, even though I have almost 700 games. 2.) I have been playing Battletech for 20+ years...Do I recommend this game, Yes, with a caveat. The game is meant for those that are intersted in a video game version of Battletech. Will it scratch the itch for playing a real life, on map, scenario... NO! Will it provide a way to play when no friends are really local, YES! The game is good, well excuted and fun to play. However, it will never replace the Friday night, multiple hour, holy s!it he got a head shot games of my younger years. I recommend this game fully as an avid supporter of the Batteltech namesake and the original FASA group!
Bluddy Snoman	Recommended	154.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/bluddysnoman/	I recommend this game probably becaused I am huge Battletech fan.  Technical issues: I have not experienced any tech issues from the beginning with 35 hours in.  I have a very meager system including low end video card, except for 16 GB of RAM.The game does have long load sequences which would be a knock.I wish the DEV's would seriously comsider having a Mechwarrior roster in the campaign.  There is an option in the barracks that keeps track of the mechwarrior while he is active but (unless i am missing it) once the mechwarrior dies there is no record of that mechwarrior any longer asssociated with the unit.  So kinda like a wall of honor for the fallen so to speak.Other than that I really love the game and have been waiting for this for over 25 years.
Megalomas	Recommended	211.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197983724750/	I'm probably not the best person for doing a battletech reveiw, I dont generally go for turned based games allthough I loved lazer squad and lazer squad nemesis back in the day..Having said that I'm really enjoying battletech. I wasn't sure at first but after putting 3-4 houres and watching a few youtube vids it suddenly clicked and now I love it and can't wait to get home from work and play.It's not for everyone and can be a bit of time sink but if you like a thinking mans stratagy game or games like chess and are looking for a single player that will absorb you for many houres this may be just the thing!
Bearsaw	Recommended	99.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198018783624/	I want to get this out of the way before the review starts i am probably baised towards positiviity since i have played the battletech boardgame for hundreds of hours and also have enjoyed harebrain studios previous games and love to support them.I want to recomend this game to any turn based strategy game and if you are on the fence about this game I strongly take the plunge because the only problems with the game at the moment of writing is just how it runs which they are all ready working on patching. Do yourself a favor and buy this game.
bohlingj	Recommended	70.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198031020464/	I first played MechWarrior way back in the 1990's. Have been a fan since then. Played all the Mechwarrior titles, most of the startegy games, and felt sad that a fun IP of my childhood went away. With the release of Battletech, I can enjoy the IP.  A few thingsFirst of all, the pronouns. Not a fan, Didn't like it. Moved on.  I would like an option to customize the avatar, but that is minor. Game play is slow... But I started my love of the franchise with Mechwarrior on a 486..  Load times were something I dealt with from the start, and it gives you a chance to think about opening moves, risks, and rewards of the mission.  Dislike the repetative cut scences for docking and transport. Get that is part of the buffering sequence, but seeing the drop ship fly to the jump ship gets old. Difficulty settings.  I would prefer that. I often do a play through on "low" difficulty just to experience the story, and then a few on higher settings for the challange.  Not having a one makes it more challanging, but I have grown to enjoy it. Understand this will be changed in a future update. Overall, I enjoy the game.
Jayne Cobb	Recommended	33.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198121627784/	As a Science Fiction and huge Battletech fan this maybe one of the best games I've ever played(Dwarf Fortress is the best btw).  Pros: Solid strategy game with great difficulty scaling.Cons: Load times are horrible, and seem to get worse the farther in campaign you are.  Hopefully this will be fixed in future patches.  However even on my ancient pc I am able to play so it should work well on old rigs.
Amiss	Recommended	879.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198042215742/	Cons:  3rd person.  Limited number (4) mechs.  Very slow screen changes.   Combat is slow, even after trying different settings.  It's like the cpu treats you like a moron that doesn't know what just happened and pauses for your feeble brain to understand.  Graphics aren't too fancy.  Pros:  Combat area is just large and varied enough to play into strategies but not so big you waste time searching.  Not just a pound and grinder, you need to plan a little or you'll get nuked.  Multiple level settings including Iron Man.  Decent replayability (or endless).  About a 6.5 out of 10 for complicated play/challenges.  Wait for a good sale price and you'll enjoy flanking and jumping on top of the enemies more than once.
Crunchie Frog	Recommended	65.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197993332826/	Everything my tabletop playing, technical readout loving, dice throwing, headshot critical causing 15yo former self dreamed of 30 years ago.
twitch.tv/ThatZenDude	Recommended	40.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/NoLifeBackDoorBandit/	Keep in mind that Santiago did nothing wrong and is the good guy. >Be Princess of the Reach>Kingdom in decline. Literally dying.>Uncle tries giving good advice>Let's centralise the army >lol no. That would be authoritarian >Let's curtail the corrupt council>Lol no. That would be mean>Let's adopt a strong foreign policy >lol no. That's xenophobic >Be Santiago>Country you love is in ruins >Princess is content to let it decay >She has rejected all sound advice>She does nothing but LARP as a Mechwarrior and moralfag>You must choose between nation and niece >Launch Patriotic Coupwould let the princess loose war and rebuild the realm by providing services to Santiago again
Dennafen	Recommended	132.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Dennafen/	I backed this game on kickstarter, and I'm happy with the end result. If you like the table top game you'll probably enjoy this. I will say that soem random luck does come into play in the game which can be frustrating but this is true of the tabletop experiance as well.So I recomend the game for people that like the table top, and understand that they'll likely get killed or not kill someone else do to random chance.
iceteo012	Recommended	100.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/iceteo012/	If you like Battletech, buy it. If you like turn based games in general, buy it. If you love giant robots blowing the crap outta each other, BUY IT. Yes, I agree that the game is not really newbie friendly for those not well versed in the lore or the tabletop but this game is worth your time and effort.
warlordc903	Recommended	97.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198007508276/	I hemmed and hawed when this game first came out. It sounded cool, but a bit high of a price tag from the development team that brought us those great Shadowrun Games. So when it went on sale I snapped it up right away.If anyone is following my reviews they'll know that I love me some turn based squad scale combat and this game is certainly no exception. Nothing is more gratifying that watching one of your mechs just blast apart another mech on a hit that you thought would only damage it slightly. Unless your goal was to try and salvage it, but instead it just melted into tiny pieces. That part can be frustrating. You can score cockpit shots on heavy mechs that take them down with one shot, that was always a surprise when I did that.I'll get the negative stuff out first. The non-story missions can be repetitive. For the easily frustrated, you will rage quit. Why there's no option to turn off permadeath for your pilots, I dunno. The developers must be sadists or expect their players to be masochists. Though old school turn based games always had permadeath and we just had to accept that. The Mechs themselves can't die permanently so that's good, but it can cost a bundle to repair them. Also you are limited to deploying 4 mechs at a time thought you can have up to 18 mechs and just as many pilots, but most of them are sitting in their barracks collecting experience on some weird holo-mod training. The trend for these squad based games is limiting the amount of people you can deploy and it irritates me.  I get that the game is not about fielding an army of mech warriors, but one or two more would be nice. Or if the restriction is the drop ship, maybe the drop ship could get some upgrades to allow you to field larger teams. I always feel like team restrictions is just an arbitrary game restriction to make balancing easier. The other nagging detail is mech progression. Bigger is better, simple as that. There's little benefit to fielding a smaller mech because they're vulnerable as heck. The bigger mechs can curb stomp the small ones with little difficulty and since you can only field so many mechs you always want to deploy the big boys as you need the machines that can actually survive combat. It eliminates a potential area to look at with your tactics by ganging up on the big guys with a bunch of small guys.My computer isn't the greatest so I did have the game crash to desktop a lot or just straight up freeze. In some of the specific missions I had to play things a certain way or the mission would crash. Tried 10 times and finally I could beat the mission without it freezing on me. The load time for maps can also be a bit. Bring a book.With all that negative stuff you'd think I'd downrate this game, but it's still enjoyable and as you can see it certainly has eaten up a great chunk of my time.The good stuff. Did I mention cool mechs? Also turn based combat. Not as many weapon choices as you'd think in a game like this, but enough that it makes things feel customizable and not overwhelming at the same time. The story based missions are the most detailed and fun and get away from the reptitiveness of the other missions, but those story missions are hard. Holy bananas. And cause I'm a big ole wimp I play on easy too. As you beat mechs you can salvage pieces of them to then make better mechs and this is a strangely gratifying process. So when you come up against a mech you don't have or is in a weight class higher then you, you get all excited about how you can take that guy down while dealing as little amount of damage to is as you can.Despite its faults its worth getting. If there are any overhauls to the game, I'd be willing to put more time into the game. Though I don't know if I'd want to start again from scratch.
Nichino	Recommended	100.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197973016747/	GOTY 2018If you like tactical games, you can't miss out on this one.  I'm only 23 hours in, plus almost 100 hours in the beta, and I'm already sure this will end up my most played game.  Not only is it open ended, so doesn't end with the main storyline that I'm not even close to finishing, but I can already see myself replaying from the beginning... so many mechs, so many options...GOTD 2010s
Amer_MerzZz	Recommended	7.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/MerzZz/	Best tactical game in years, beloved Battletech franchise, great mechanics, story is traditional Mechwarrior "betrayal case".Great game, small technical issues that will be fixed.What's up with the Mixed rating, guys?
DexterX2	Recommended	102.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197981003097/	10/10
utna	Recommended	10.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/utna/	Kickstartered. It's premier robot fighting so far. PPC's, AC's, LRMs, SRM, LRL, ML, SL, MGs, Jump Jets, Melee... What's not to love? The story is fairly decent as well, so far. The reviews have turned to mostly positive now on Steamy. It beats fantasy dwarven cactus civilation clone league. That's for sure.
alex.root	Recommended	56.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/i-am-root/	My first contact with Battletech was back in the 90's, as I owned a Commodore C-64 and stumbled upon The Crescent Hawk's Inception and lateron The Crescent Hawk's Revenge... I was completely hooked. Being a fan since then, playing the tabletop game and buying every game out there the franchise had to offer. As the new Battletech was revealed, I nearly missed it because I didn't screen Kickstarter... but I pre-ordered the game as soon as I could.Now that Battletech finally is released, I had to indulge into it. And what can I say... The feeling was back! This feeling that it's a true Battletech title all along, the feeling I had as I was playing the Crescent Hawk's Inception on my C64 back in the days. For me, it's because the developers did everything right.You get to own your own dropship, your base of operations. You start out with a crappy rustbin, but you can soon get your hands on something you can upgrade as you see fit. Then there's the mercenary thing... You can do missions, earn money and fame and upgrade your Mechs. Addidionally, you can recover Parts from destroyed Mechs from the battlefield and restore them to add to your own arsenal. You can upgrade and modify them as you see fit, building the configuration you are most comfortable with. Combat is very tactical. With good decisions in movement, position and angle, you can make a big difference. You always have the feeling of waltzing a heavy battle machine in a war zone, every single ton deadly and powerful. Range and positioning plays a major role, as does ammunition and heat management. Every Mech is a complex machine and you have a complex set of variables exploiting your war machines to the max!So I have just started being the mercenary commander and amassing money and fame on the fields of glory, and I now already hunger for more. The game has everything it needs, and it does a great job of don't letting me off the hook. It has great potential for more: More Campaigns in different eras, more mechs, more technology... and more Battletech.The developers brought Battletech back. They didn't do a cheap interpretation. It's Battletech, pure, as it was meant to be. It's a definitive Must-Buy for every fan, and a definitive must-buy for every fan of the tactics genre. It's a jewel. And we all can really hope it's just the beginning.
Silentbob923	Recommended	81.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Silentbob_923/	Played game for 30 hours just running aroundpicked up some cool Kickstarter mechwarriors with awesome backstoryBuild the best team with the right skills to fit each otherWatch as your favorite mechwarrior get headshot in a full armor mech10/10 would cry over my fallen mechwarrior again
Doods	Recommended	40.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/doods1130/	Really enjoying it so far. I was afraid the game was going to have a lot of micromanaging resulting in not a lot of fighting. I am glad that ended up being false. Fixing mechs, assigning skills to pilots, buying equipment, and other duties don't take much time. The combat system was easy to learn imo and the graphics are good. I see other reiews complaining of bugs, but I guess I'm fortunate to hove not run into any bugs. Game runs fine on both my laptop (i7-7700hq 1050ti) and desktop (i5-3570k 1070gtx) at 1080p and 1440p resolutions. Issues I have with this game...... I wish combat could be sped up. I don't like waiting for a mech to finish its sprint for the turn to end, and there are a lot of pauses during combat. It would be nice to have options like civ has where you can disable movement and/or battle animations. Knowing paradox, I have no question things will change and bugs squashed. I definitely recommend this game to any fan of battletech.
Marcus	Recommended	143.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198089205111/	An overall enjoyable and challenging game but it is hampered by a sluggish and slow game engine.Played on a Intel i5-2600k at 4.3Ghz, 24Gb ram, 500Gb 860 evo, GTX 980.( + ) Good+ Solid game mechanics.+ Nice music.+ Loads of customization for your mechs.+ Battletech universe+ Solid story so far.+ Resource management, upgrades(+/-) Neutral(+/-) Lacking some voice acting, but then again it costs a load of money hiring voice actors and recording hours of conversation.(+/-) Mediocre graphics.(+/-) Can only deploy 4 mechs max, I think Mech Commander had 12 or 16.(+/-) On some mission you will actually meet the reinforcements first ? This will lead to some very unfair situations, 4 vs 12 or more. These moments can still be solved with taking cover in trees, moving around a lot, turning the right way to distribute the damage and a bunch of reloads. As a last resort you can eject some mech warriors or just retreat.(+/-) The Ai seems to get a lot of headshots on my mechs. Even with a lot of points invested in the "Gut" skill I often end up with 1-3 wounded mechwarriors. It can be a problem in the beginning when you have a limited amount of people.( - ) Minus- Main campaign is too short. It is only around 10 missions.- The grinding for heavier Mechs gets a little tedious after some time.--- Very very slow game engine, reloading a mission can take all from 1-2 minutes. It freezes and stutters every 1-2 seconds almost every time you do something. I have turned off every move, kill, action Camera. It happens on the Argo also, when you change between menus.- Hiding behind mountains and rocks etc rarely works. The Ai and your mechs of course, can shoot through the ground with lasers etc. LRM I can understand since they go over.- Some crashes, 6 on 120 hours playtime.6.5/10I did support this on kickstarter some years ago, and I would say with the limited budget they made a solid game.With a more optimized and fluid engine I would give it 7.5 or 8.If you like turn based games like X-Com this game can be something to consider buying.
Veliq	Recommended	105.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197976281073/	Just buy it.
mitucd	Recommended	215.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198074082168/	A very good game . A little unpolished technically , some long loading times , some action chops but that's all that is bad .Solid addictive gameplay , good story , very replayable . Just finished it and it becomes open world after that . Also i  encounterd a strange difficulty spike around the middle of the game . Maybe because i was running a pair of dragons , and those "heavyes" are kind of worse that a good medium . Got resolved after getting 2 assaults on one mission :)
DropnFbombs	Recommended	66.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197976417707/	If you're looking for a good turn-based strategy game then this is it.  If you like the BattleTech universe (MechWarrior), you're definitely in for something fun.  Since XCom is what this will most often be compared to, here's the difference:* No pistol to your head forcing you through the campaign.  Go at your own pace.  Doing story missions not only moves the story along, but also generates harder mech contracts (random missions).  If you don't want to increase the difficulty (and get/encounter heavier mechs), don't do story missions* RNG based but much more forgiving.  Your Mechs have more than one weapon, and each one rolls to hit (and where it hits).  So if you have 6 weapons at 95%, you really don't have to worry about missing unless you're insanely unlucky.* Oddly enough this game favors speed over cover.  Moving far enough in a turn gives your mech points.  These points make your mech harder to hit, though you lose one with each enemy that fires at you (whether they hit or not) or who scan you.  Cover exists in forests and rubble, but movement is key.  With the use of jump jets even heavy mechs can be made hard to hit.* Heat management is a thing.  You can't fire all your weapons all the time.* A lot more customization.  Your mech warriors have their skill trees and your mechs are armed as you see fit (given their weapon nodes).If you're on the fence I'd say go for it.  The game is 40 bucks and I can see getting 40 hours out of this pretty easily for anyone interested in TBS.  There's a lot of customization options and a lot going on during the fight, though not so much that it's too much to handle.
csleechnet	Recommended	12.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/csleechnet/	I want to preface this review with two things. 1.) I don't leave many reviews, even though I have almost 700 games. 2.) I have been playing Battletech for 20+ years...Do I recommend this game, Yes, with a caveat. The game is meant for those that are intersted in a video game version of Battletech. Will it scratch the itch for playing a real life, on map, scenario... NO! Will it provide a way to play when no friends are really local, YES! The game is good, well excuted and fun to play. However, it will never replace the Friday night, multiple hour, holy s!it he got a head shot games of my younger years. I recommend this game fully as an avid supporter of the Batteltech namesake and the original FASA group!
Bluddy Snoman	Recommended	154.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/bluddysnoman/	I recommend this game probably becaused I am huge Battletech fan.  Technical issues: I have not experienced any tech issues from the beginning with 35 hours in.  I have a very meager system including low end video card, except for 16 GB of RAM.The game does have long load sequences which would be a knock.I wish the DEV's would seriously comsider having a Mechwarrior roster in the campaign.  There is an option in the barracks that keeps track of the mechwarrior while he is active but (unless i am missing it) once the mechwarrior dies there is no record of that mechwarrior any longer asssociated with the unit.  So kinda like a wall of honor for the fallen so to speak.Other than that I really love the game and have been waiting for this for over 25 years.
Naked Botanist	Recommended	94.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/nakedbotanist/	Those who played the old FASA table-top game will find this a faithful and enjoyable re-creation. It combines the tactical and strategic battlefield play on a variety of fixed and generated missions (complete with balanacing terrain, mission goals, weapons, movement, ammunition, heat and facing) with the between mission game of financing and managing a roster of battlemechs and mechwarriors. About 50 hours to get through.
PaladinLawyer	Recommended	39.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197978261350/	This game is fantastic, and a recent patch corrected essentially all of the drawbacks that some early reviews noted.  Long time fans of Battletech/Mechwarrior will find a faithful, worthy game that both stands on its own and is loaded with amazing callbacks to the past.  Newcomers will find a deep and broad experience requiring both tactical and long term management strategy skills.  Great mech designs--and consistent with those of MechWarrior Online, for strong continuity and complementarity--along with beautiful and tactically interesting maps.  The inclusion of non-mech vehicles as well as a variety of different emplacement types is consistent with the lore and adds an aditional layer of tactical complexity.  A wide variety of mechs, extensive mech customization options, and an interesting pilot skill tree requring meaningful tradeoff decisions should add considerable replay value for those who want to experiment with different approaches.
daadamo	Recommended	144.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198030760956/	Used to play the Tactical as well as the PnP RP Mechwarrior game. Played all the Mechwarrior as well as Mech Commander PC games. This one is really great. Top notch. Isn't always easy...thank goodness for a well timed save. Getting the third salvage part of a new mech is wonderful, even if that mech falls by the wayside when you get into the heavies and assaults. I very much enjoyed this game (currently having a tough time with a certain mandatory story driven mission, but I'm getting close.) You really end up caring if an elite Mechwarrior in your stable bites it in a mission, which is a good sign that the game is enjoyable. So double thumbs up, I highly recommend this game.
Locuck	Recommended	182.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198008118637/	Battletech like it was ment to be.!  People wana complain about watching the mechs move and load times but then they love the graphics..?  If you dig giant stompy robots you will like this game.. If you liked X-Com you will like this game..If you like the random events of FTL you will lie this game..If you have payed MWO and love the ability to build mechs you will love this game.. (You cant change engine sizes but you can change all the weapons, armor, heatsinks, jumpjets & various other modules   that boost different aspects of the mech combat.)If you like leveling up your own mercinary company you will love this game.(your pilots level up and get special abilities  as well as the dropship) I am not a review guru but i dont have to be to tell you this is the best game of 2018.Just like all games there are some down sides to it. But this gameis one of the few i can say my money was well spent. I backed this game so i paid more than they are asking for on steam and still feel that way.  I can see this game being HBS's new big hit. Looking forward to DLC as well.  I love Rogelike games and have a severe case of Gamer ADD but Battletech is going to hold my attention for a long time and when eventuially i do get tired of it.  it will be one of those games i come back to and play again as a different character with a totally different background.  A+++++++++++ game here. get it while its hot.!
Chro'Tal	Recommended	64.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198004174990/	Ok they finally released it. I must say much of my hype was gone by watching some streamer. First I felt it was unfair backers would not get to play before some random internet guy, but then again it was not that bad and the stream was enjoyable and gave me a lot of insight into the game.Battletech delivers what was promised in Kickstarter. The Visuals are nice, tactics not bad either. Sure AI is not genius, but show me a game where it is?The problem I forsee for this game is long term enjoyment - Harebrained Schemes really needs to release more content / free campaigns etc.Maybe other game modes etc.Also the technical glitches, like stuttering etc. should be fixed, sooner rather than later.All this aside it is a solid game and must buy for any Battletech fan.
Sigfried	Recommended	79.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/sigfried/	Overall, I'm very happy with Battltech. It's not the end all be all of battletech games, but its a solid effort and delivers the goods for me.New to Battletech?Basically, this is X-Com with giant robots. It's not a AAA tame like Xcome is, so lower your expectations a little from that bar. Also, the nature of combat is a bit more about attrition and playing the odds compared to X-Com's ambush and alpha strike tactics.What's here?You have a single player campaign game, much like X-com. You build up a roster of pilots and mechs, while doing randomly generated missions to build up cash, equipment, and experience. There is a single scripted story arc that is acted out in a series of tactical missions, each a bit harder than the last. Its designed such that between missions, you do the randomly generated ones.Tactical battles consist of your four best mechs against whatever the mission throws at you. Generally, you are outnumbered and out-gunned, but through crafty play you can come out on top.There is also a mult-player skirmish mode where you take your 4 mechs against an opponent and battle to the last mech standing. Nothing fancy, but its a good game for head to head strategy with a bit of luck to keep things exciting.Battletech Vet?Well, you will find that they have both been faithful to the spirit of the game, but taken some liberties with the exact mechanics. Damage numbers and armor values are about 5X more than normal, and some of the weapons have been re-balanced a little (at least from the last time I played).  They have added some mechanics in the area of getting knocked down, added pilot special abilities, and automated much of the movement rules.Mech design is more restricted, but also more realistic and less cheesy. The main difference is that mechs have hard points so you pretty well have to put the sort of weapon in the location that the mech looks like it could have that sort of weapon. It gives the individual mechs more lore flavor while still letting you be creative at creating mechs for specific roles. Personally, I think they did well with this change but others may find it too limiting.Battles play out very much like they would in regular battle tech. The pilot skills probably are the biggest change and they can swing a battle a bit by letting you target specific parts of a mech, increasing the likelihood of a quick kill. It ups the skill factor a bit and reduces randomness a little. I think that's good for a game like this.What's great about it-Solid Mech Combat - a good translation of the battletech rules-The game lore is very nicely presented in the story and dialogsWhat ain't bad but could be better-The graphics are decent, but the mechs on the field are fairly hard to identify due to mushy colors and bumpy surfaces.-There is only the one scripted story mission. Scripted side missions would be a huge boon to re playability.-The overall pacing of the game is pretty slow and ponderous, long load times, lots of dialogs, many screens to fiddle withStuff that is straight up awful-Nothing for me, the slow pacing is probably the worst problem hereLast thoughtsI really hope the developer continues to give the game some attention. ITs a great platform but build on, but it could use more meat on its bones, and some streamlining. If this game gets modding support, it could really shine.
Korzik	Recommended	29.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Korzik/	Written at 11 hours played:The first thing to realize about this game is that is a digital version of complex tabletop game. That means it is a tad bit slow paced. But instead of battles taking 3 hours they take just under an hour.There are two levels to the game, the battles and the running of mercanary company. Both effect how you approach the other.I don't have a huge love of mechs so the theme isn't a plus or minus to me. It is just a solid tactics and managment game.
Rhizic	Recommended	13.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Rhizic/	Not going to lie, it's got it's clunky bits and the loading times are a chore but this is by far the most "battletech" game we've seen so far and they did a really good job of capturing the tabletop feel. It isn't run and gun, nor real time action like Mech Commander so don't get it if that's what your after. It's more like X-Com or Fallout Tactics in the way it plays with quite an nice initiative system. You'll be micro managing heat and moral alongside your finances which is all captured really well.In short; It's not ground breaking as a game but it defintaly fills a huge Mech shaped hole in the heart and I'm definatly happy I backed it through BETA... looking forward to the minor fixes which they've already started to impliment and yeah. top game.Oh yeah, they allow you to use the pronoun "they" alongside "he" and "she" so the MRAs and shut-ins are melting down, spewing half remembered Jordan Peterson qoutes and denouncing the left for ruining mechs... so thats fun.
G0rgonP0rnstar	Recommended	102.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/GorgonPornstar/	This review is done on the initial release version of BATTLETECH. 'BATTLETECH' is the mercenary game I've always wanted. For years I had envisioned some open-ended freeeplay merc game like this. Maybe not a turn based strategy, but the company management in the game is so well done. You accept contracts and negotiate for more loot or more cash in a bid to keep the lights on and the doors open for one month longer. My experience thus far has been very Cowboy Bebop. Sometimes I make a killing on hard missions, sometimes I have to eject, sometimes I spend mroe in repairs than I make in a mission. Your tactical decision making in battles can mean dire consequences for the company as a whole. If you find yourself low on funds or without the time to complete repairs, you will have to attempt missions without pilots who are wounded or with half-repaired or missing mechs.The combat is very niche and the game does an awful job with the tutorials. If you are a longtime fan of the Battletech series, it will all be very intuitive to you. If you are like me and have no experience with the series, then you may want to read a little online to better understand how mechs are used. You have to constantly keep exposing the freshest armor you have, keep up movement without outpacing the rotation of your torso. Positioning, positioning, positioning. That is key for everything.  Now for my complaint... The maps are so tiny and you're only limited to 4 mechs that it severely limits the tactical wizardry you can do. It kind of pushes a fair amount of meta-gaming since you run straight into the enemy on your 1st or 2nd turn with how the sensors work. And with enemy reinforcements being arguably broken atm, you will constantly fight 8-12 mechs/vehicles vs your 4 all at once. With being so heavily outnumbered, you lose 25% of your firepower if you take a light mech. Hell, it's a risk to even bring fire support, because again, when I'm facing 3 lances at the same time, I need some alpha-striking ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. I have some more petty squabbles, but everything that is in-game is complete and functions very well. You can clearly see the framework for many, many more systems, but it's like they were never implemented. So I can't ♥♥♥♥♥ about something that's not really there, but only referenced. There is MASSIVE potential for this game in the future. Speaking of, I'd LOVE to see the ability to drop a second lance either to replace downed mechs or so I can play a badass 8v8 or 8v12.
Rich	Recommended	59.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198041585017/	I have been enjoying this game a lot though I believe there is a lot of room for improvements or growth from what I would see as a base game.The game itself is turn based tactical battles between Mechs (big robots with weapons for those new to BT). The battles themselves are well modelled and require quite a bit of tactical thought and strategy, though I would argue that once you understand the system you can quickly build cookie cutter lances. The game has a linear campaign which serves up a mix of scenarios and battles outside the normal missions, which can be engaged in at any time (indeed you can ignore the campaign and just play missions if you like). The campaign was a little predictable with the standard 'save the noble kingdom' but is entertaining enough. Once the campaign is done its just more missions ongoing which I think will becme a little tiresome and repetitive after a while.To my mind the game does set itself up for a whole raft of expansions (some could argue they should have been included from the start) but I would hope for - new campaigns (the first is over quite quickly), new weapons and especially systems (effective AMS would be a big game changer), better scouting mechanics - otherwise why have scout mechs?, better drop mechanics - maybe weight limits etc, more varied events (I had about 8 coffee fights in my first run through!) and finally get a rulebook or effective tutorial as many of the mechanics of the game are not clear and would be especially difficult for someone unfamiliar to BT!I persoanlly had very few bug issues, occasionally Mechs would spawn in places they couldnt move from (never my own) and the game turns were quite slow till I changed a few settings, but otherwise smoothe running.Overall its been great fun and I would recommend to anyone who enjoys turn based games or has an interest in BT. I suspect it will get better with any patches. I look forward to some expansions clanner scum!
Ryoken	Recommended	332.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197983670124/	Loce this game.  It is fantastic and takes me back to when I was a child playing on the table top with mini's Cons- - AI could be a bit better as there should be no way I should win 4v8 matches wtihout taking structure damage- Game needs some fine tuning in the resource department as a lot of people seem to have problems running it as of launch- VERY limited ability to gain any lostech weapons in the campaign.  A few more would have been nice to see.Pros-- Great turn based action. - The weapons look good and feel good.- Salvage and tactics play a huge part into the game, makiing it feel good when you succeed.-  It lives up to being the game battletech fans have wanted since Mech2.
Ghost Niko	Recommended	68.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Niko539/	I have been a Battletech fan for years since the first MechWarrior game came out in the late 90’s.  I never was the tabletop gamer though for this game, but I can see some influence after a few hours of game play.The good:1.It’s a beautiful game, the graphics are not bad at all, not super awesome, but great for a turn based strategy game.  2.The tactical game play is very good and unforgiving.  You don’t want to make too many mistakes like finding yourself sensor locked because you ran out into the open.  Best thing you can do to avoid a lot of damage is to keep moving.  But of course your aiming will be lowered in the percentage to hit.  3.People complain about performance issues, I have seen some crashes, and even had my machine crash back to restart.  Most games out of the gate have some performance tweaks that need to be done, nothing is ever perfect.  The major thing here is the devs appear to love the game, and that is a plus.  There is no game wrecking issues where the game is unplayable.  If you find it being slow you may have a relic machine, or you need to upgrade your drivers.  Sometime a complete reboot will solve everything.  4.Total Mech customizing freedom.  You are limited though by the tonnage, but that’s just common sense.  You can also customize your character’s name and looks, as well as your company’s symbol and colors of your mechs.  The bad:1.I think the game is nice looking, I wish there was a UI key to turn off the UI so I can take pretty battle pictures.  2.The RPG elements on the ship could use some improving.  I would love to talk to the other MechWarrior’s that fight beside me and learn their stories like the command crew.  Maybe have conversations where you can have a direct effect on their morale.  3.Also the camera angles can be lousy where your view is messed up by an obstruction. That could use some improvement.  The camera can also slow down the play, but all that can be adjusted in the settings.  If you like games like XCOM you will love this game.  The tactical gameplay is very much the same.  It’s a hard game to master, but easy to understand. 
utna	Recommended	10.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/utna/	Kickstartered. It's premier robot fighting so far. PPC's, AC's, LRMs, SRM, LRL, ML, SL, MGs, Jump Jets, Melee... What's not to love? The story is fairly decent as well, so far. The reviews have turned to mostly positive now on Steamy. It beats fantasy dwarven cactus civilation clone league. That's for sure.
alex.root	Recommended	56.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/i-am-root/	My first contact with Battletech was back in the 90's, as I owned a Commodore C-64 and stumbled upon The Crescent Hawk's Inception and lateron The Crescent Hawk's Revenge... I was completely hooked. Being a fan since then, playing the tabletop game and buying every game out there the franchise had to offer. As the new Battletech was revealed, I nearly missed it because I didn't screen Kickstarter... but I pre-ordered the game as soon as I could.Now that Battletech finally is released, I had to indulge into it. And what can I say... The feeling was back! This feeling that it's a true Battletech title all along, the feeling I had as I was playing the Crescent Hawk's Inception on my C64 back in the days. For me, it's because the developers did everything right.You get to own your own dropship, your base of operations. You start out with a crappy rustbin, but you can soon get your hands on something you can upgrade as you see fit. Then there's the mercenary thing... You can do missions, earn money and fame and upgrade your Mechs. Addidionally, you can recover Parts from destroyed Mechs from the battlefield and restore them to add to your own arsenal. You can upgrade and modify them as you see fit, building the configuration you are most comfortable with. Combat is very tactical. With good decisions in movement, position and angle, you can make a big difference. You always have the feeling of waltzing a heavy battle machine in a war zone, every single ton deadly and powerful. Range and positioning plays a major role, as does ammunition and heat management. Every Mech is a complex machine and you have a complex set of variables exploiting your war machines to the max!So I have just started being the mercenary commander and amassing money and fame on the fields of glory, and I now already hunger for more. The game has everything it needs, and it does a great job of don't letting me off the hook. It has great potential for more: More Campaigns in different eras, more mechs, more technology... and more Battletech.The developers brought Battletech back. They didn't do a cheap interpretation. It's Battletech, pure, as it was meant to be. It's a definitive Must-Buy for every fan, and a definitive must-buy for every fan of the tactics genre. It's a jewel. And we all can really hope it's just the beginning.
Silentbob923	Recommended	81.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Silentbob_923/	Played game for 30 hours just running aroundpicked up some cool Kickstarter mechwarriors with awesome backstoryBuild the best team with the right skills to fit each otherWatch as your favorite mechwarrior get headshot in a full armor mech10/10 would cry over my fallen mechwarrior again
Doods	Recommended	40.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/doods1130/	Really enjoying it so far. I was afraid the game was going to have a lot of micromanaging resulting in not a lot of fighting. I am glad that ended up being false. Fixing mechs, assigning skills to pilots, buying equipment, and other duties don't take much time. The combat system was easy to learn imo and the graphics are good. I see other reiews complaining of bugs, but I guess I'm fortunate to hove not run into any bugs. Game runs fine on both my laptop (i7-7700hq 1050ti) and desktop (i5-3570k 1070gtx) at 1080p and 1440p resolutions. Issues I have with this game...... I wish combat could be sped up. I don't like waiting for a mech to finish its sprint for the turn to end, and there are a lot of pauses during combat. It would be nice to have options like civ has where you can disable movement and/or battle animations. Knowing paradox, I have no question things will change and bugs squashed. I definitely recommend this game to any fan of battletech.
Marcus	Recommended	143.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198089205111/	An overall enjoyable and challenging game but it is hampered by a sluggish and slow game engine.Played on a Intel i5-2600k at 4.3Ghz, 24Gb ram, 500Gb 860 evo, GTX 980.( + ) Good+ Solid game mechanics.+ Nice music.+ Loads of customization for your mechs.+ Battletech universe+ Solid story so far.+ Resource management, upgrades(+/-) Neutral(+/-) Lacking some voice acting, but then again it costs a load of money hiring voice actors and recording hours of conversation.(+/-) Mediocre graphics.(+/-) Can only deploy 4 mechs max, I think Mech Commander had 12 or 16.(+/-) On some mission you will actually meet the reinforcements first ? This will lead to some very unfair situations, 4 vs 12 or more. These moments can still be solved with taking cover in trees, moving around a lot, turning the right way to distribute the damage and a bunch of reloads. As a last resort you can eject some mech warriors or just retreat.(+/-) The Ai seems to get a lot of headshots on my mechs. Even with a lot of points invested in the "Gut" skill I often end up with 1-3 wounded mechwarriors. It can be a problem in the beginning when you have a limited amount of people.( - ) Minus- Main campaign is too short. It is only around 10 missions.- The grinding for heavier Mechs gets a little tedious after some time.--- Very very slow game engine, reloading a mission can take all from 1-2 minutes. It freezes and stutters every 1-2 seconds almost every time you do something. I have turned off every move, kill, action Camera. It happens on the Argo also, when you change between menus.- Hiding behind mountains and rocks etc rarely works. The Ai and your mechs of course, can shoot through the ground with lasers etc. LRM I can understand since they go over.- Some crashes, 6 on 120 hours playtime.6.5/10I did support this on kickstarter some years ago, and I would say with the limited budget they made a solid game.With a more optimized and fluid engine I would give it 7.5 or 8.If you like turn based games like X-Com this game can be something to consider buying.
Veliq	Recommended	105.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197976281073/	Just buy it.
mitucd	Recommended	215.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198074082168/	A very good game . A little unpolished technically , some long loading times , some action chops but that's all that is bad .Solid addictive gameplay , good story , very replayable . Just finished it and it becomes open world after that . Also i  encounterd a strange difficulty spike around the middle of the game . Maybe because i was running a pair of dragons , and those "heavyes" are kind of worse that a good medium . Got resolved after getting 2 assaults on one mission :)
DropnFbombs	Recommended	66.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197976417707/	If you're looking for a good turn-based strategy game then this is it.  If you like the BattleTech universe (MechWarrior), you're definitely in for something fun.  Since XCom is what this will most often be compared to, here's the difference:* No pistol to your head forcing you through the campaign.  Go at your own pace.  Doing story missions not only moves the story along, but also generates harder mech contracts (random missions).  If you don't want to increase the difficulty (and get/encounter heavier mechs), don't do story missions* RNG based but much more forgiving.  Your Mechs have more than one weapon, and each one rolls to hit (and where it hits).  So if you have 6 weapons at 95%, you really don't have to worry about missing unless you're insanely unlucky.* Oddly enough this game favors speed over cover.  Moving far enough in a turn gives your mech points.  These points make your mech harder to hit, though you lose one with each enemy that fires at you (whether they hit or not) or who scan you.  Cover exists in forests and rubble, but movement is key.  With the use of jump jets even heavy mechs can be made hard to hit.* Heat management is a thing.  You can't fire all your weapons all the time.* A lot more customization.  Your mech warriors have their skill trees and your mechs are armed as you see fit (given their weapon nodes).If you're on the fence I'd say go for it.  The game is 40 bucks and I can see getting 40 hours out of this pretty easily for anyone interested in TBS.  There's a lot of customization options and a lot going on during the fight, though not so much that it's too much to handle.
Takk0806	Recommended	105.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198027986211/	Everything I was looking for in this game, and then some.
CarnageINC	Recommended	89.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198007859282/	Thank you HBS!  I've been waiting a very long time for a great Battletech game to come along, it seems I wait no longer!  So far I'm impressed with your campaign, I love the contract mechanics and finances, the time and cost to repair and refit is a welcome addition.  I like the constrants placed upon the players as far as how many mechs and pilots you may have operational at one time.  My only minor gripe with the game is I feel vehicles are to underpowered, they are weak on firepower and easy to kill.I know from the beta that the multiplayer is awesome and my friends and I will enjoy the PvP for a long time to come! I look forward the game's success and any future Battletech DLC or expansion games you may create.
Braddok91	Not Recommended	8.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198030166439/	Constantly crashes.  Crashed on character creation.  Crashes on loading screens.  Crashes on cutscenes.  I'm currently trying to get a refund.  This was the first new game I bought in ages, guess I learned my lesson.
queenkimba	Recommended	33.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/queenkimba/	Loved playing the table top years ago during FASA's heyday. Still own a bunch of the paperback novels from this universe.  Heck, used to play in local turnaments.  This game brought back that joy for me. Thank you!!!
Domokun	Recommended	77.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197990614229/	Best interpretation of a tactical battletech game I've ever played. This is what I was hoping for way back in the day with the Mech Commander series (although that was serviceable for it's hayday). The loadouts and mech selection is spot on and I love that they kept star league and comstar tech rare and kind of like a treasure hunt. I admit that if you do play long enough some of the battles will be kind of a cinch which is why I'm looking forward to the new DLC and expanded missions that force you not to bring just 4 assaults and press win.Again if you like giant robots, tactical dept and plenty of customization then this is the game.
Bytor	Recommended	135.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197989741798/	This game is really pretty good!  A moderate learning curve.. start is tougher than when you actually get into the main game.  Great graphics, decent story line, and you can pick your own pace.  Money mangement is REALLY important.  Go get em Mechwarriors!
ejnarts	Recommended	55.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198054195486/	While I "thumbs upped" the game, you have to consider it more of a fully playable, finished beta. There's so- SO much more that needs to go into this game to make it truly amazing. But, this was a kickstarter baby so they probably didn't have that kind of time with the budget.There is one reason to buy it, the mod "Roguetech". That mod is everything you want this game to be, but there's no story. If it had a story, that'd be the game right there. It's a toss up; a fully realized game without a story or the basic starter pack game with a story.Either way, I love that they made it. I love that they're actively working on more content. I only hope they realize more of the MWOnline game and create the "so- SO much more".That out of the way: the art & graphics are amazing, beautiful, but the coding must have been fast and without creative thought. It runs slow, but they're working on that. And it can lag in the latter stages of the game. You can check the discussion board for tips on speeding it up.The story- you just want more. You never feel like you immersed, like you did anything to help the protagonist achieve her goal. And those missions come by too quickly. Granted, you can put them off until whenever, but still, the pacing seems too quick to me.But, they made it. I love it. I'm waiting for "the more" in hopes that it lives up to my (and I would imagine others') expectations. In the mean time, there are mods.
Dr. Marker	Not Recommended	59.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197984230894/	I want to start off by saying I like this game overall.So why can I not recommend it? Because in it's current state it's a game that I've had to try and make myself like in the face of some fairly big issues.1- The difficulty: This game can be pretty unforgiving. I don't mean 'guy in XCOM with 95% chance to hit misses and gets's crit next turn' unforgiving, I mean 'wow, I'm being pelted with missiles from some dude halfway across the map that I can neither shoot back at or seek cover from and he just wounded my pilot with a headshot despite me having full armour' unforgiving, it feels like a large chunk of the difficulty comes from many of the game's mechanics either not being particularly well explained or implemented. This is also not helped by the 'difficulty' ratings the game gives you being fairly suspect, in theory, the number of skulls next to a mission should match up to the recommended tonnage you should bring with you for it (basically, how big and heavily equipped your mechs are), in reality, it's possible to have double the recommended tonnage and still find yourself getting wrecked because you had the misfortune of stumbling upon a supposedly low level mission that vomits enemies at you en masse (with little to no warning), an issue compounded by how difficult swarms of lighter enemies are in this game (due to their large volume of fire often resulting in a 'death by a thousand cuts' for your mechs).2- The story: Feels very unneeded and actually clashes with the idea that you can permamently lose the game due to your company going under, compare this to a game with a very similar concept, namely Mordheim. In that you are also tasked with creating a mercenary band who go out to accept missions and have the risks associated with it over them at all times, you will fail many times in that game but it's alright becuase you can rather painlessly start up a fresh new warband and be ready for your first mission in less than a minute (depending on how customisation happy you are). BattleTech, by contrast, requires you to go through the opening character creation, sit through the tutorial mission, go through the dialgoue sequence after the tutorial, do a second tutorial mission and then sit through yet more dialogue before letting you out into even a limited form of the open content of the game (gated behind more dialogue and story missions) and you have to do this every time you start a new campaign.3- Technical issues: I personally have had no issues with running this game. No bugs, no graphical glitches, no crashes (except for one time but that was when I was closing the game so I don't really count that), however, it has been fairly widely reported that a lot of people have had numerous issues with this game's performance so I would be remiss if I didn't mention it as something to look into before getting this game, hopefully these issues are patched before long (and if they have been by the time you're reading this then disregard this section).Overall, there is a good foundation for a game here, like I said I do like BattleTech and do plan to play a lot more of it, but it definitely does have some heavy issues hanging over it that prevent me from recommending it to anyone other than fans of the series, veterans of more difficult turn based games and those with a lot of patience.
gregnier	Not Recommended	3.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Gregnier/	While the art in what cutscenes I could get to is absolutely stunning there are massive game-breaking bugs in the game. Aside from the very long load times and several crashes, there's one complete game breaker out there that I personally have encountered. There are many other massive bugs listed on the forums. If you're using an AMD graphics card make sure to search the forums for the "Three Years Later Bug." It is an abolute game-breaker and only occurs after the 2 hour Steam refund period is up. I have wasted more than 6 hours trying to update my system software and tweak everything to the point where i can progress past that bug and i have had no success. Full disclosure, I have asked for a refund even though the 2-hour window is closed.
KurtafPlom	Recommended	132.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/KurtafPlom/	I surprised that the campaing is so intresting, trying to scavenge for parts to build new mechs is great fun. Tips is to turn off the animations so the rounds goes quicker. The grind in this game is so fun I forgot about the story... :)
queenkimba	Recommended	33.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/queenkimba/	Loved playing the table top years ago during FASA's heyday. Still own a bunch of the paperback novels from this universe.  Heck, used to play in local turnaments.  This game brought back that joy for me. Thank you!!!
Braddok91	Not Recommended	8.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198030166439/	Constantly crashes.  Crashed on character creation.  Crashes on loading screens.  Crashes on cutscenes.  I'm currently trying to get a refund.  This was the first new game I bought in ages, guess I learned my lesson.
Basilhare	Recommended	19.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198008429783/	I give BT a thumbs up...Pros:Open World (once you progress past first several missions)DepthVareityCustomizationTurn Based Tactical Play Tactical DetailStory / ImmersionCons:Graphics could be betterClunky Interface during battleVoiceovers could be better 
Syrius	Recommended	132.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Syrius2K/	Get it.Excellent turn based strategy, brutal, and highly strategic, or in otherwords if you play like an idiot, you loose, if you get unlucky, you loose. Fortunatly this last circumstance is extremely rare, In 65 hours of play I've only lost 2 pilots to "lethal damage" to a pilot, usually caused by a headshot. Although once was melee, 10 ton fist to the face, owch.Loading out your mechs and combat is superb, base building is simplistic, and there is a memory leak which forces you to restart every couple of hours.Pros:Authentic Battletech - battles, builds and brutality.Graphically good, storyboards are beautiful.Audio is thematic and non intrusive.Engaging and enduring story, with enough sidequest types and deep employers to stave off the grind feel for a long time.Cons:Memory leak requires occasional restarts.Magically appearing enemy mechs on some triggered events.Difficulty rating is occasionally utterly wrong, especially often if your field weight is above the difficulty. (This works both ways, I've seen 3 skull missions have 4 1-shot tanks and a few defence guns, and I've seen 2.5 skull missions with 9 mechs of lesser and greater weight, 2 tanks, and a base full of indirect fire turrets.)Waiting for enemy moves is sometimes irritating. But now I'm kinda scraping the barrel...Overall if you like turn based combat this is for you.Its early days and I'm sure updates and expansions will correct problems and fill gaps. Normally I reccomend waiting for the sales, but paradox games are renound for the games going for higher prices and the expansions being fairly priced instead of having to buy the game again each time they realse an expansion. Hoping they continue to follow this buisness model I'll continue paying them fairly for their games, as they have the good manners to make expansions worth the money or optional. 
Xetelian	Recommended	6.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197977632063/	I've been playing with the Battletech franchise and Mechwarrior games since I was a kid in the 90s. So this game was a must have for me. If you like games similar to XCOM and other turn based tactical games, that is what you get with Battletech by Harebrained Schemes. They made the excellent Shadow Run Returns and the subsequent follow-ups. So far I've ran into a few bugs, but it just came out so I'd give it some time to get patched up.
anaris	Recommended	203.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198047924017/	excellent extremely modifiable update of the classic mechcommander formula with open-ended play and sandbox elements plus a solid rpg system. this game has depth, caonicity, artistic merit, and also a bunch of negative reviews from whiny ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s saying that those things are less important to them than whether or not nonbinary people feel unwelcome.
Tacitgadget	Recommended	141.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/tacitgadget/	A pretty close facsimile to the tabletop wargame. Very crunchy on numbers. You have many more enemies besides what you fight in a mission. Time is your enemy. You have to spend time traveling to contracts, fixing up your warriors after a brutal battle, and rebuilding and repairing your machines. Money is your enemy. You have bills to pay and mouths to feed and there are no freebies. Thats the gameplay loop. Fight to make Money so that you can spend Time getting ready for the next Fight.I won't comment much on the story because I'm still working through it but I will say it seems like it has been hitting the right tone for a Battletech novel.Gameplay is 10/10 would Death From Above again.
Player Juan	Recommended	264.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/juanito_santos/	Battle tech is life ... life is Battletech...
Poppy McCabe	Recommended	6.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mccabe/	I timed it and it takes about 4.5 minutes to load a level, which feels like enough time to move to a new city, meet the love of your life, settle down, start a career, and have a couple of kids when you're waiting for a game to load. I literally straigtened up my living room once wating for a mission to load.The game also crashes a lot, which feels related to the load time problem since the crashing usually happens trying to load a mission. I had to play the training mission twice because the game crashed after the 'mission successful' screen and it didn't count my win. Frustrating.But it's freaking Battletech. Assuming they patch whatever performance issue is currently plaguing the game, there is a fantastic tactical mech combat game plus XCOM-like management sim here. The campaign is difficult since you are managing cash flow, bank debt, and constantly disrepaired mechs. Skirmish mode is a little more my speed since I kinda just want to fight big robots, but if you're into the business side of the game it's complex and deep.
dtromblee	Recommended	124.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/davling/	Like Shadow Run Returns, slightly rough around the edges and a little short in campaign content, but damn, can HBS reignite a franchise.If you liked the Shadow Run or Xcom 2 style of turn based battling, this game is for you, period. The level of satisfaction from learning the nuances of tactics and strategy are honestly unparalleled, as the myriad of small decisions you become aware of turn bloody mistakes into surgical precision and planning.From the basic 'do you engage first or let the enemy come to you', to tweaks such as making sure your 'Mech's attack angle is just right to spread out limb damage and prevent losing an invaluable weapon while still being able to deal a death blow to a the prone opponent without overheating, every choice you make can determine the fate of your mercs and 'Mechs. The dice will roll against you at times, but almost every risk can be mitigated, and every misstep of your opponent abused, with enough consideration.My favorite story of this is actually on the last campaign mission (no spoilers), where putting my ace 10/10/10/10 pilot Behemoth in a defensive stance saved her life from a one-in-a-million long range AC/20 shot to the head (only 16 internal hp left); if I had overextended to finish off their crippled comrade, she would have died, and it would have been my fault.A word of warning however; before you learn the rules of war, you will be punished. I restarted the first merc mission about 5 times because I completely misunderstood how evasion worked, and restarted my entire campaign even after I got stuck on the Liberation: Smithon mission (though soon after restarted and learned from my mistakes).Also, you will almost certainly encounter a contract where you are completely outgunned; save for the main story contracts, remember that you can always withdraw, unless you really want to attempt to save scum your way to victory. Remember too that if your 'Mech is essentially a limbless target dummy, or you CT is critical, ejecting is always an option. Your opponents WILL smell weakness, and descend upon your weakened 'Mech like a lamb for the slaughter; and the 'save the pilot from death' roll is very rarely going to go to in your favor.You are a mercenary, your income and investments, particularly your pilots' skills, define your success; live by those tenets and you'll conquer the Aurigan Reach in no time.On that note, I very much enjoy the business management aspect. Keeping yourself in the black while balancing those salvage only runs to maximize the chance of a new 'Mech is a very real struggle at first, and attempting to ride the windfall of the story contracts will quickly land you in a difficulty range that eats you alive *cough* Smithon Two Skulls my A$$ *cough*. The grind helps you hone your tactics as you fill out your 'Mech bay, so embrace it, and very soon you'll have a core of Ace pilots with a lance of unstoppable death machines.If I had a couple of small wishes for this game, other than the obligatory more Story and more 'Mechs, it would be amazing to have more usage of Light and Medium 'Mechs later on in the game, which can easily get gutted by the any weight class above them, and for a slight balance shift towards more aggressive play. I really enjoyed the razor's edge of running a melee 'Mech (<3 my Banshee), but I felt like benefits of skillfully darting around the battlefield rarely paid off compared to running super defensive long range combat. Perhaps this is a 'realistic' approach to tactics, but adding more benefits to well thought out short range combat could give easily give me another complete campaign run perfecting my strategies.
TheMightyServo	Recommended	97.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198054801592/	Short version: It's good.  If you're not a Battletech fan but like games like XCom, you'll still like it.  Multiplayer skirmishes with friends are great, too.Long version:As someone who's been playing Battletech for more than a quarter of a century as a pencil & paper/tabletop game, and who's played most all of the Battletech & Mechwarrior computer game lines that have been put out in that time, I'm solidly happy with it.The game takes time to paint the grand setting in a way that gives the 1000 year history of the Battletech universe that romantic then tragic feel that it's always had.  Jordan Weisman's leadership of the game and the Harebrained studios crew (who did an excellent job bringing Shadowrun back) have brought that same originalist feeling of the game back while including the expanding universe of the game.The choice to set/start the game in nowheresville periphery nations - places that if mentioned at all are but a single line of text in the 80s or 90s Periphery books - is a good one.  It keeps things a little bit further from established and sometimes overwritten states that are so mapped out there's nowhere left to adventure to in a game that doubtless will be recognized by story purists as canon.As for the game itself, for old hands at Battletech, the same core concepts exist, but are written slightly differently.  Movement to-hit modifiers are evasion, intervening features like forest work differently, but it's readily adaptable.  To those unfamiliar with Battletech but who's played a game like XCOM, you'll get the hang of the  movement system pretty well.  The combat percentages are much less like XCOM, where 90% really means 90%... vs 99% meaning almost always a guaranteed tragic miss.There are also specific tasks that have a slight learning curve because they're not described well in the tutorial.  For example, physical attacks sometimes show you two or three locations that you could move to, but your mech will default to the closest one.  Sometimes that gives your back/side to another enemy and you want to use the other locations.  It's a process to find that you can select the physical attack as an action, but can cycle through the individual movement endpoints to keep the facing you want.  (It's either V or tab, I forget which without being in game - suffice to say, there's a way to do it.)The management system for the mercenary unit is quite in depth, and draws on years of Battletech campaign game management systems (Mercenaries, Merc Handbook, Compendium, Tac Handbook Operational Game, etc) to have a well-thought out process that allows you to keep your merc unit running.  Random events add some spice to it so it's not all C-Bill management.And then there's the hardest part of the operational game management - repairs and injuries.  In the first campaign game I've played, I've already had two quality pilots out for 110 days each due to severe injuries, at which point the question becomes - do you hang onto them for their skills, or do you terminate their contracts since they'll be financial drains for nearly four months?  Repair and refit of mechs isn't something that's easily done, either.  Repairs cost time and money, and sometimes getting an okay mech ready fast for a mission is better than getting the perfect mech ready a month later.  (In game as of this writing, I have a Spider that's spent nearly a year in repairs because it always gets bumped to the end of the list behind more valuable combat mechs.)The time management system is coupled with an acknowledgement of some of the hard sci-fi that exists in the earliest Battletech universe fiction.  There's no warp drive and super space travel, you take a dropship that launches from planetside and you have a slow grind of days or weeks to get to a zenith or nadir point above or below a star to meet a jumpship.  The jumpship is among the least sexy but most interesting of hard sci-fi spaceships.  It's a carrier for dropships that sits next to a star, charges a giant capacitor and when ready to go, it uses  Kearny-Fuchida drive to propel/teleport itself through hyperspace, disappearing at one star and reappearing at another star.The days and weeks of repairs and injury fall into that time when you're going back and forth to stars and jumping, or just hanging out in orbit waiting on things to get fixed/healed.It conveys a certain military feeling of "hurry up and wait" that also adds to the ambiance and existed in the original game, and its conveyed well here.It's also astonishingly bug-free.I had only two potential complaints.  I've edited the review having done research on them.One is something I'd had to do more research to see why it was included, so I held off, again, this is now my edited review.  There's some real-world drama surrounding inclusion of certain real-world politics/drama into the game that seem... oddly represented... to put it as politely as possible.  If you research too deep into it, it's aggravating because it was so unnecessary, and wholly out of place with the Battletech universe.  I suggest if you want to enjoy the game, don't dig into it, as what looks to be the inclusion of someone's pet issues may just♥♥♥♥♥♥you off.  There's already enough unnecessary drama surrounding it.The other is that so far in the campaign mode, I suspected - and now I've played far enough into the game that I think they're confirmed - I suspected - that the game will end up following the slow railroading of Shadowrun (Harebrained's other game).  In Shadowrun, there are missions you have to do and eventually all the others end.  I suspect Battletech may be similiar and you can't just fly around the massive sandbox of space and keep doing contracts.  Shadowrun gave you a lot of options to go be a shadowrunner  until the game decided to railroad you into the plot.  I suspect Battletech won't just let you go be a merc forever, and I expect it'll eventually drive you down a few routes that you have to go.As pretty as the game is on the way, the only options are then how you accomplish the tasks the game gives you to win the final sequence.  If it's linear with the illusion of choice, that's where things will make the game seem bittersweet, because then the game is no more than a series of "side-quests" while attempting to get the McGuffin, and the plot's already been decided.Sure, the same can be said of many games, and I may be changing this from a review of Battletech into a critical analysis of games being choose-your-own-adventure books where your options are limited by the writer, and games as truly interactive stories where your options are limited by you, the GM, and the dice; but so far the Battletech campaign is expansive and enthralling and makes me want to hope for more than just a series of step-n-fetchit tasks about feeding chocobos before another cutscene comes up.In this case, I'm not really invested in the slightly cliched plot, nor am I interested in some princess ranting about her birthright (no spoilers, it's in the first few minutes of the campaign) or then her righteous cause to reinstitute her state that will somehow be a magical wonderland.  I don't like getting railroaded into plots - as I elaborated on for the last few paragraphs, especially when the heroine is most emphatically some dev's NPC and not my character.Frankly, if I'm in the periphery, I'd rather be playing as a Legion Commander Imperator for the Marian Hegemony and ruthlessly oppressing the Arugula Dispensation rather than being told some wonderful freedom fighter narrative that is so one-dimensional that I just can't care about it.  I miss HBS's moral ambiguity of Shadowrun already, and the typical human qualities of the Battletech/Mechwarrior universe.Edited again to add things at the top.Game is still fun, still recommended, just ignore the real world.
Wololo	Recommended	80.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/DangHunk/	I'd give it a 8/10. It's a decent game with challenging tactical gameplay that will make you pay for making the wrong move. However, the game plays extremely slow. There definitely needs to be a speed up button because most of the time you will spend playing the game will be waiting on animations to finish. The game also doesn't quite feel optimized. It'll stutter and skip a little bit even when I have a 1080/Ryzen 7. So far, it has crashed on me 4-5 times and a couple times when I'm loading into battles my mech textures won't load. Instead, my mechs are just pink looking holograms. There's a few minor features it feels like it's missing such as ironman mode, the ability to move your mechs around to different bays and viewing your completed mechs with a 360 camera/zoom. I feel like there should also be a way to test your mechs after you finish tweaking them to really see if you can put that extra L laser on without overheating. Despite these issues, it definitely is a game with great potential if you enjoy turn-based strategy games or if you haven't scratched that mech game itch in awhile.
archangel_44703	Recommended	182.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/archangel_44703/	I bought this with somewhat of an open mind. It hasn't disappointed me, yet. I think that this game is a good one. I played Mechwarrior 2, and the add ons. I sort of thought that Battletech was going to be like that, but better graphics. However, the story, etc., as far as I have played, has been phenomal. The mechs, the weapons, etc., are great. I would love to see either a continuation of this game, or even a DLC that has you fighting the Clans. And a second DLC where you are part of the Clans. Great game, so far. Don't, though, developers, rush the story line, yet. Just add them when it's the right time. One con, for me, is that the game seems to disable or delete my graphics driver. I have an Nvidia card, and use Geforce Experience. I am not positive that it is either the game engine, or something else, but I am not sure.
Poppy McCabe	Recommended	6.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mccabe/	I timed it and it takes about 4.5 minutes to load a level, which feels like enough time to move to a new city, meet the love of your life, settle down, start a career, and have a couple of kids when you're waiting for a game to load. I literally straigtened up my living room once wating for a mission to load.The game also crashes a lot, which feels related to the load time problem since the crashing usually happens trying to load a mission. I had to play the training mission twice because the game crashed after the 'mission successful' screen and it didn't count my win. Frustrating.But it's freaking Battletech. Assuming they patch whatever performance issue is currently plaguing the game, there is a fantastic tactical mech combat game plus XCOM-like management sim here. The campaign is difficult since you are managing cash flow, bank debt, and constantly disrepaired mechs. Skirmish mode is a little more my speed since I kinda just want to fight big robots, but if you're into the business side of the game it's complex and deep.
dtromblee	Recommended	124.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/davling/	Like Shadow Run Returns, slightly rough around the edges and a little short in campaign content, but damn, can HBS reignite a franchise.If you liked the Shadow Run or Xcom 2 style of turn based battling, this game is for you, period. The level of satisfaction from learning the nuances of tactics and strategy are honestly unparalleled, as the myriad of small decisions you become aware of turn bloody mistakes into surgical precision and planning.From the basic 'do you engage first or let the enemy come to you', to tweaks such as making sure your 'Mech's attack angle is just right to spread out limb damage and prevent losing an invaluable weapon while still being able to deal a death blow to a the prone opponent without overheating, every choice you make can determine the fate of your mercs and 'Mechs. The dice will roll against you at times, but almost every risk can be mitigated, and every misstep of your opponent abused, with enough consideration.My favorite story of this is actually on the last campaign mission (no spoilers), where putting my ace 10/10/10/10 pilot Behemoth in a defensive stance saved her life from a one-in-a-million long range AC/20 shot to the head (only 16 internal hp left); if I had overextended to finish off their crippled comrade, she would have died, and it would have been my fault.A word of warning however; before you learn the rules of war, you will be punished. I restarted the first merc mission about 5 times because I completely misunderstood how evasion worked, and restarted my entire campaign even after I got stuck on the Liberation: Smithon mission (though soon after restarted and learned from my mistakes).Also, you will almost certainly encounter a contract where you are completely outgunned; save for the main story contracts, remember that you can always withdraw, unless you really want to attempt to save scum your way to victory. Remember too that if your 'Mech is essentially a limbless target dummy, or you CT is critical, ejecting is always an option. Your opponents WILL smell weakness, and descend upon your weakened 'Mech like a lamb for the slaughter; and the 'save the pilot from death' roll is very rarely going to go to in your favor.You are a mercenary, your income and investments, particularly your pilots' skills, define your success; live by those tenets and you'll conquer the Aurigan Reach in no time.On that note, I very much enjoy the business management aspect. Keeping yourself in the black while balancing those salvage only runs to maximize the chance of a new 'Mech is a very real struggle at first, and attempting to ride the windfall of the story contracts will quickly land you in a difficulty range that eats you alive *cough* Smithon Two Skulls my A$$ *cough*. The grind helps you hone your tactics as you fill out your 'Mech bay, so embrace it, and very soon you'll have a core of Ace pilots with a lance of unstoppable death machines.If I had a couple of small wishes for this game, other than the obligatory more Story and more 'Mechs, it would be amazing to have more usage of Light and Medium 'Mechs later on in the game, which can easily get gutted by the any weight class above them, and for a slight balance shift towards more aggressive play. I really enjoyed the razor's edge of running a melee 'Mech (<3 my Banshee), but I felt like benefits of skillfully darting around the battlefield rarely paid off compared to running super defensive long range combat. Perhaps this is a 'realistic' approach to tactics, but adding more benefits to well thought out short range combat could give easily give me another complete campaign run perfecting my strategies.
beowulf182.jt	Recommended	193.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198364840164/	Benn waiting for a good turn base game great story line and fun to play 
BlindSlayer	Recommended	82.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mathway/	Amaizing out of 10.Have performance issues (Unity?) but the game itself delivers solid tactics experience and MECHs!!!11
Zorha	Recommended	467.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Zorha/	About 30 hours in and loving it. In some ways I love it even more than MechCommander. Thank you Harebrained Schemes for allow me to pick my Pronouns! As a trans-person who has worked in the video game industry, I cant tell you how much I appreciate the inclusion!In a nutshell:PRO:1) I felt like I was playing classic FASA tabletop BattleTech.2) You dont have to worry about ejecting and becoming a Bondsmen.3) The lore immersion past is top notch, you really feel surrounded by the 3rd Succession War. CON: 1) How can I peice together parts of a mech chassis and have it fully outfitted? I would rather have to put in each component, even if it takes another 30+ days.2) It would be nice if the melee combat was a bit more fleshed out (Punch, Kick, Axe, Mace, and so on). If Im going to fight like a Inner Sphere Surat I want to at least have fun with it.8/10 Stars so far. Definately Recommended!
[MPR]Chain	Recommended	55.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/chain/	This is a very good game, but it does have a few performance issues (good thing it's turn-based).+ Good tactical combat+ Story was decent, although I wish the dialogs were all voice-acted and not just a few because I ended up not being bothered to talk to the crew.- Some "action cameras" and delays after actions slow down the game needlessly. Luckily it seems they are trying to address this in updates, and it's possible to remove the worst delays by editing an ini-file, and chaning some menu settings.- APCs that you sometimes escort are stupid. They go full sprint ahead of you into enemy mechs (and this means you will have a hard time protecting the suicidal ♥♥♥♥ers). Luckily those missions are not common.Technical issues:- Loading is painfully slow. - Some uneven/low fps at times.- Even menu interactions, things like confirming that you want to repair a mech, or navigate to a different menu, might have like a 1-2 second freeze/delay when you click it when it should be instant. Seems to get worse over time. Only me?- Twice i had it crash as it was finishing a mission (after assigning salvage). This means you need to redo the entire mission. Could be solved with an extra auto-save before the end-of-match screens.
quadrophenia	Recommended	309.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/destruktornaut/	I've been waiting for this game for 20 years. Mech Commander never really did it for me, since I always hated the click-clickety-clack of RTS games. Battletech deserved a richly developed turn-based game, and follwing the exploits of a mercenary group really evokes Mechwarrior 2: Mercenaries which was, for me, Battletech's high-point as a video game. It's not a perfect game by a long shot, but the quirks and clunkiness of it all was FASA's signature back in the day anyway.I am not at all disappointed. I would absolutely recommend this to anyone with an interest in squad-based strategy games.There's some balancing issues. I don't remember the tabletop game making a knock-down as simple as a couple LRM salvos, and I think the over-heating rules were fudged quite a bit. I shouldn't be able to alpha-strike this much, and IIRC, -all- energy weapons are supposed to inflict heat damage. The setting too might be great for newcomers, but I feel like the rich background lore was done a bit of a disservice with it, and sometimes it feels like these periphery nations have way more clout and money than they ever did in the old RPG. It's a shame to see what would become the Fronc Reaches get retconned into yet another government run by nobles.These are all minor quibbles, in addition to what are the well-documented technical issues with the game. The long load times in particular are a huge irritation, and in my opinion, the voice acting is pretty bad. Your mileage with that may vary.
Ghost	Recommended	77.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198068180366/	That feeling of using your light mech to outmaneuver a heavy and then landing on its head to destroy it, salvage it, and add it to your team, made this game ever so enjoyable to play. I can see alot of room for addition and growth of this franchise and am ecstatic for what the future holds. Wish I could recommend more than once!! Buy this game!!Would love to see a co-op added in the future!
Edhinor	Recommended	84.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198023545422/	I used to play Tabletop Battletech back in the 80s. It wasn't without flaws (rolling a bazillion dice and having to study rules continuously amongst others) but it was a really fun experience and it formed a huge part of my teens, battling against friends and designing mechs. The 90s came and suddenly everybody was doing Mech games, but they were all Mechwarrior ones. Don't get me wrong, I liked those, but they weren't Battletech for me. This is it. Tactical, brutal, with time to think about whether you should fire that PPC and risk overheating or if it is better to not fire it and risk the enemy mech surviving one more turn. Knowing that whatever you chose, will probably come and bite you because, well, reasons. This game has captured all of the spirit of the Tabletop, but without having to worry about those million dice rolls, or the lengthy rules, it allows you to focus on the tactics, and tactics are really important. It is quite easy to learn, but to really play it well takes a bit more of skill, patience and practice. To top it of, a great single player campaign, as sandboxy as you can get these days, and the promise of future development and expansion through dlc-expansions.... I feel like a teen again. If you like tactical games, hard decisions, thinking about your next move and then yelling at the screen when inevitably you make the wrong move... then this game is for you. This is pure Battletech
Night10194	Recommended	53.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197972352219/	I enjoy this game a great deal for being able to have situations where something goes very wrong for you and you can still rebuild from it. Too many TBS games nowadays are 'brittle', where losing your A-Team or whatever is campaign-breaking. Here? Your best pilot gets headcapped by an AC20 and their mech is a wreck? You can replace them. It'll hurt, you'll wish it hadn't happened, but you can replace them and move on.That stood out above anything else in the game for me, though I enjoyed the story (simple as it is) and the campaign missions. This is a game where you're free to have things go wrong and then think about what you're going to do now, and it makes it all the better when things go unexpectedly right.The general progression of acquiring and tinkering with new mechs and pilots is also really fun up until the point where you're mostly running Assaults; Assaults are really dull and incentivize homogenized tactics, builds, and pilots. I'm not sure how this can be avoided within the setting, though, given this has been a problem for Battletech for ages.Absolutely recommend if you'd like to try something different from modern X-COM but in the same genre.
BtB	Recommended	85.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197980482234/	This game is not for everyone. Check out a few playthroughs and read the reviews before you spend your money.Tactically, the game is deep and very RNG heavy. It is very similar to traditional tabletop BattleTech. If you are familiar with the BT ruleset, this game will take a few missions to get used to. It will be just as RNG-heavy as the tabletop but will provide a great visual put to the old game.Strategically, there are a handful of balance issues I personally dislike, but it's a solid mercenary simulator. If you reload bad missions, you can make headway without too much trouble, but if you decide to accept the results of even failed missions, you're only one bad drop from being out of action for months and losing every C-Bill you saved. It's difficult and tense, and something certain people love and others hate. I play on a laptop with 8 gigs of RAM, an i7-6500U, and a 940M, and it's graphically impressive for a strategy game of this type, but it's not AAA by any means. Load times are . . . poor.I love this game, and while it has its hiccups, I think there are many others who would enjoy it as well. Just make sure you check out other people playing the game to make sure it's something you'd enjoy. I wholeheartedly recommend it if this is your style of game.Also, the modding community is already picking up steam, so we're likely to see new fan-made content come in as the days go on.
GS Killerkram	Recommended	55.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/killerkram/	This is a really good game. If you roll into battle without a plan the enemy has a chance to absolutely wreck your day, but if you scout out and really think about your positioning, who is the primary target, and let the right mech on your side get hit in the right places you can overcome almost any challenge. Plus you get giant robot beating each other in the face when all of it goes to hell and the match turns into a boxing match. This feel a lot like the old tabletop game with some rule changes and more environment pieces. A must have for any strategy game fan for sure!
Cyonis	Recommended	83.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/dwingo/	Love this game! It's the love child of Mechwarrior and X-Com.
ugumbugum	Recommended	63.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ugumbugum/	Very awesome game. The best rendition of the table top miniture game I have played, and I've played them all. I was playing Battletech tabletop from the early 90s til today, and this game is as close to it as I have seen. I can't wait to see what Hairbrained Schemes come up with next and am looking forward to some DLC. I would really like to see the Clans invade or expand the game to include more of the major players in the Inner Sphere.
frostroses	Recommended	135.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/frostroses/	Great game with horrible technical problem. First 2 patch tried but didn't fix the slowdown bug. 100 hours in, no crash at all, decent fps, but UI always slowdown after long play session (30 minutes+), needing to restart the game every few hours because UI took too long to respond (It's okay during mission, but really slow in pre-combat and company management). There is loading to loading screen, yeah, you read that right. Too many repeating cinematic e.g: traveling from system A to system B, with 3 cinematic loading screen, yeah i get that the lore said the ship can only jump 30 light year for each refuel, but doesn't mean that when i want to skip over 3 system, i have to face 4-5 cinematic loading screen instead of one (it's not like i can stop midway to buy stuff/hire mech warrior).Saving is problematic, there is only one save per story which prevent me to have backup 2nd save (more save slow down the game). I live in developing country, a lot of random black out, and currently my UPS is in repair, i'm risking deleting all my save to make a new fresh save just so the game can run better. One of these days, i'll lose 100 hours progress because random blackout.Only buy this game if you can face then problem it came with.My Spec:i5 8600KGTX 9602 x 8GB DDR4 2660 MhzSamsung 850 EVO 500GBWindows 10 - latest update40-60 fps during gameplay
Pistol Messiah	Recommended	85.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/apocon/	Its a slow burner, if you give it some time you ll experience one of the best tactical games ever made!
Klyith	Recommended	195.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/klyith/	Big stompy mechs.Tactics that are about playing the odds and enduring the hits, rather than a puzzle that you can 100% solve.Sometimes the dice will roll your way and a nasty opponent will die in a chain reaction of ammo explosions. Sometimes the enemy rolls the double six and your favorite pilot gets turned into red jam. War is hell, there are no perfect missions.It's good.
Pistol Messiah	Recommended	85.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/apocon/	Its a slow burner, if you give it some time you ll experience one of the best tactical games ever made!
Klyith	Recommended	195.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/klyith/	Big stompy mechs.Tactics that are about playing the odds and enduring the hits, rather than a puzzle that you can 100% solve.Sometimes the dice will roll your way and a nasty opponent will die in a chain reaction of ammo explosions. Sometimes the enemy rolls the double six and your favorite pilot gets turned into red jam. War is hell, there are no perfect missions.It's good.
Poopbuster	Recommended	41.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/icybrizz/	Absolutely loved the game! Finished the campaign in ~40 hours and enjoyed every moment of it. It's one of those games that the combat is really fun and satisfying that it offers countless hours of fun and challenging battles, and ofc, very detailed and specific lore in the whole Battletech campaign/ story too. (my first time playing 'Battletech' and loved the complexity and varying system/ factions in the game)The mechs customization is so vast that even after 40 hours i still discover newer mech, weapons and equipment to put into my mechs. Not to mention, the huge following and dedicated modders who always strife to make the game more challenging/ complex and refreshing. Totally worth every penny. I can see myself sinking hundreds of hours; collecting/ optimizing my mechs in the campaign and hundreds more battling others in multiplayer matches and on the challenging skirmishes that the developer put into the game.
Kaige	Recommended	46.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198087647750/	It's very similar to XCOM, but using what is pretty close to the original Battletech rules. The game desperately needs a better tutorial, and multiplayer matchmaking could lengthen the game's longevity after finishing the single player campaign. The game also runs pretty slowly for what it's worth. If you can get past those complaints, the postives are:XCOM, but you get to handbuild each of your mech soldiers from the grounds up in a game with very in-depth combat. Want to replace your long rance mechs with even more missiles? Go ahead. Know that since your ammo is unarmored though, any stray shot his way is going to blow up those ammo containers, causing a chain reaction leading to your mech exploding spectacularly at the drop of a match. Want to take the guns off a heavy mech and just equip with some big♥♥♥♥♥jumpjets and loads of armor so he can jump on people? Go ahead.The fact that you're also struggling to keep your mercenary company in the green while after every mission you need to cover the cost of damages done to your mechs (Did your best mech get all of his fancy guns destroyed in the last mission? There go all your profits.) is pretty interesting and does a good job of making you feel like you're struggling to keep your ahead afloat, at least until you get a really solid team of mechs together.It's kind of a niche game, due to how complex it is, how spectacularly ♥♥♥♥♥♥ the tutorial is, and how slow the game runs between animations and game calculations. But if you're really into XCOM, or really into Battletech, then I have no problem reccomending this game to you.
Klinktastic	Recommended	88.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198007106005/	Harebraned Schemes hit another homerun with Battletech.  After the success of Shadowrun Returns, and its ilk, HBS ventured into another FASA staple, and delivered a compeling story and tactical gameplay with an infinite amount of procedurally generated mercenary contract play.  I for one, would recommend this game to anyone who likes large robots blowing♥♥♥♥♥♥up and the tactical combat of turn based games, were positioning and forethought are more powerful than the blunt force of an AC20.  Buy this game!
Marx	Recommended	62.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198019526282/	Fantastic, deep, stragetic game. A great call-back to the Mechwarriors and Battletech of years gone by, but better in every way. 
lor0001	Recommended	272.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198018756376/	Honestly the game is amazing. I wish the campaign had been a bit more interesting but the storyline fits perfectly in to the flavor of the series. I also wish it had been longer, by the end of the campaign I'm walking around in Mechs that can take apart almost anything.Currently on my second playthrough and the design holds up well. I'm excited to see how the expansions build on this design.
pyrAmider	Recommended	100.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198018656702/	Although some players have commented about waiting times, I had no trouble with the waiting times at all.  They seemed perfectly reasonable for a turn-based game.Having played the original board game, Battletech's main ideas came readily to me - however, it's a two-edged sword: relying on concepts from the origincal game can get you into trouble.  For example, hexes of forest in the board game provide +2 to hit *each* against fire that passes through them, but in the video game, they provide a 25% reduction in the damage of incoming fire instead, no matter how many forest hexes the fire passes through first.  Jumping provides much less of an effect on to-hit numbers in the video game than in the board game, which I consider to be an improvement.  Overall, I'm very pleased with both the gameplay and story of Battletech.
set	Recommended	57.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198003380257/	This is a great game. It's like X-COM with big robots. The turn-based move/attack system is basically the same. The game dynamics are a bit different. You take cover behind large boulders or in the trees. You are larger, so you move across a map a bit slower. You have a lot of armor, so you have to choose when to take a hit rather than trying to avoid hits altogether (a la X-COM). You have long, medium, and short range weapons you can arm your mech with. Each part of your mech has mounts for laser, missile, canon, and/or other weapon types. During the battle, if you get shot in the same place multiple times, that part of your robot will take damage. You're arm might fall off, and you would lose the guns attached to that arm. If you get bombarded, your robot might get knocked over, increasing the chance of critical attacks.
Tossba	Recommended	131.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198031692633/	if u like xcom style turn based strategy games buy it.
Marx	Recommended	62.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198019526282/	Fantastic, deep, stragetic game. A great call-back to the Mechwarriors and Battletech of years gone by, but better in every way. 
lor0001	Recommended	272.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198018756376/	Honestly the game is amazing. I wish the campaign had been a bit more interesting but the storyline fits perfectly in to the flavor of the series. I also wish it had been longer, by the end of the campaign I'm walking around in Mechs that can take apart almost anything.Currently on my second playthrough and the design holds up well. I'm excited to see how the expansions build on this design.
pyrAmider	Recommended	100.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198018656702/	Although some players have commented about waiting times, I had no trouble with the waiting times at all.  They seemed perfectly reasonable for a turn-based game.Having played the original board game, Battletech's main ideas came readily to me - however, it's a two-edged sword: relying on concepts from the origincal game can get you into trouble.  For example, hexes of forest in the board game provide +2 to hit *each* against fire that passes through them, but in the video game, they provide a 25% reduction in the damage of incoming fire instead, no matter how many forest hexes the fire passes through first.  Jumping provides much less of an effect on to-hit numbers in the video game than in the board game, which I consider to be an improvement.  Overall, I'm very pleased with both the gameplay and story of Battletech.
set	Recommended	57.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198003380257/	This is a great game. It's like X-COM with big robots. The turn-based move/attack system is basically the same. The game dynamics are a bit different. You take cover behind large boulders or in the trees. You are larger, so you move across a map a bit slower. You have a lot of armor, so you have to choose when to take a hit rather than trying to avoid hits altogether (a la X-COM). You have long, medium, and short range weapons you can arm your mech with. Each part of your mech has mounts for laser, missile, canon, and/or other weapon types. During the battle, if you get shot in the same place multiple times, that part of your robot will take damage. You're arm might fall off, and you would lose the guns attached to that arm. If you get bombarded, your robot might get knocked over, increasing the chance of critical attacks.
Tossba	Recommended	131.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198031692633/	if u like xcom style turn based strategy games buy it.
TheMightyServo	Recommended	97.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198054801592/	Short version: It's good.  If you're not a Battletech fan but like games like XCom, you'll still like it.  Multiplayer skirmishes with friends are great, too.Long version:As someone who's been playing Battletech for more than a quarter of a century as a pencil & paper/tabletop game, and who's played most all of the Battletech & Mechwarrior computer game lines that have been put out in that time, I'm solidly happy with it.The game takes time to paint the grand setting in a way that gives the 1000 year history of the Battletech universe that romantic then tragic feel that it's always had.  Jordan Weisman's leadership of the game and the Harebrained studios crew (who did an excellent job bringing Shadowrun back) have brought that same originalist feeling of the game back while including the expanding universe of the game.The choice to set/start the game in nowheresville periphery nations - places that if mentioned at all are but a single line of text in the 80s or 90s Periphery books - is a good one.  It keeps things a little bit further from established and sometimes overwritten states that are so mapped out there's nowhere left to adventure to in a game that doubtless will be recognized by story purists as canon.As for the game itself, for old hands at Battletech, the same core concepts exist, but are written slightly differently.  Movement to-hit modifiers are evasion, intervening features like forest work differently, but it's readily adaptable.  To those unfamiliar with Battletech but who's played a game like XCOM, you'll get the hang of the  movement system pretty well.  The combat percentages are much less like XCOM, where 90% really means 90%... vs 99% meaning almost always a guaranteed tragic miss.There are also specific tasks that have a slight learning curve because they're not described well in the tutorial.  For example, physical attacks sometimes show you two or three locations that you could move to, but your mech will default to the closest one.  Sometimes that gives your back/side to another enemy and you want to use the other locations.  It's a process to find that you can select the physical attack as an action, but can cycle through the individual movement endpoints to keep the facing you want.  (It's either V or tab, I forget which without being in game - suffice to say, there's a way to do it.)The management system for the mercenary unit is quite in depth, and draws on years of Battletech campaign game management systems (Mercenaries, Merc Handbook, Compendium, Tac Handbook Operational Game, etc) to have a well-thought out process that allows you to keep your merc unit running.  Random events add some spice to it so it's not all C-Bill management.And then there's the hardest part of the operational game management - repairs and injuries.  In the first campaign game I've played, I've already had two quality pilots out for 110 days each due to severe injuries, at which point the question becomes - do you hang onto them for their skills, or do you terminate their contracts since they'll be financial drains for nearly four months?  Repair and refit of mechs isn't something that's easily done, either.  Repairs cost time and money, and sometimes getting an okay mech ready fast for a mission is better than getting the perfect mech ready a month later.  (In game as of this writing, I have a Spider that's spent nearly a year in repairs because it always gets bumped to the end of the list behind more valuable combat mechs.)The time management system is coupled with an acknowledgement of some of the hard sci-fi that exists in the earliest Battletech universe fiction.  There's no warp drive and super space travel, you take a dropship that launches from planetside and you have a slow grind of days or weeks to get to a zenith or nadir point above or below a star to meet a jumpship.  The jumpship is among the least sexy but most interesting of hard sci-fi spaceships.  It's a carrier for dropships that sits next to a star, charges a giant capacitor and when ready to go, it uses  Kearny-Fuchida drive to propel/teleport itself through hyperspace, disappearing at one star and reappearing at another star.The days and weeks of repairs and injury fall into that time when you're going back and forth to stars and jumping, or just hanging out in orbit waiting on things to get fixed/healed.It conveys a certain military feeling of "hurry up and wait" that also adds to the ambiance and existed in the original game, and its conveyed well here.It's also astonishingly bug-free.I had only two potential complaints.  I've edited the review having done research on them.One is something I'd had to do more research to see why it was included, so I held off, again, this is now my edited review.  There's some real-world drama surrounding inclusion of certain real-world politics/drama into the game that seem... oddly represented... to put it as politely as possible.  If you research too deep into it, it's aggravating because it was so unnecessary, and wholly out of place with the Battletech universe.  I suggest if you want to enjoy the game, don't dig into it, as what looks to be the inclusion of someone's pet issues may just♥♥♥♥♥♥you off.  There's already enough unnecessary drama surrounding it.The other is that so far in the campaign mode, I suspected - and now I've played far enough into the game that I think they're confirmed - I suspected - that the game will end up following the slow railroading of Shadowrun (Harebrained's other game).  In Shadowrun, there are missions you have to do and eventually all the others end.  I suspect Battletech may be similiar and you can't just fly around the massive sandbox of space and keep doing contracts.  Shadowrun gave you a lot of options to go be a shadowrunner  until the game decided to railroad you into the plot.  I suspect Battletech won't just let you go be a merc forever, and I expect it'll eventually drive you down a few routes that you have to go.As pretty as the game is on the way, the only options are then how you accomplish the tasks the game gives you to win the final sequence.  If it's linear with the illusion of choice, that's where things will make the game seem bittersweet, because then the game is no more than a series of "side-quests" while attempting to get the McGuffin, and the plot's already been decided.Sure, the same can be said of many games, and I may be changing this from a review of Battletech into a critical analysis of games being choose-your-own-adventure books where your options are limited by the writer, and games as truly interactive stories where your options are limited by you, the GM, and the dice; but so far the Battletech campaign is expansive and enthralling and makes me want to hope for more than just a series of step-n-fetchit tasks about feeding chocobos before another cutscene comes up.In this case, I'm not really invested in the slightly cliched plot, nor am I interested in some princess ranting about her birthright (no spoilers, it's in the first few minutes of the campaign) or then her righteous cause to reinstitute her state that will somehow be a magical wonderland.  I don't like getting railroaded into plots - as I elaborated on for the last few paragraphs, especially when the heroine is most emphatically some dev's NPC and not my character.Frankly, if I'm in the periphery, I'd rather be playing as a Legion Commander Imperator for the Marian Hegemony and ruthlessly oppressing the Arugula Dispensation rather than being told some wonderful freedom fighter narrative that is so one-dimensional that I just can't care about it.  I miss HBS's moral ambiguity of Shadowrun already, and the typical human qualities of the Battletech/Mechwarrior universe.Edited again to add things at the top.Game is still fun, still recommended, just ignore the real world.
Wololo	Recommended	80.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/DangHunk/	I'd give it a 8/10. It's a decent game with challenging tactical gameplay that will make you pay for making the wrong move. However, the game plays extremely slow. There definitely needs to be a speed up button because most of the time you will spend playing the game will be waiting on animations to finish. The game also doesn't quite feel optimized. It'll stutter and skip a little bit even when I have a 1080/Ryzen 7. So far, it has crashed on me 4-5 times and a couple times when I'm loading into battles my mech textures won't load. Instead, my mechs are just pink looking holograms. There's a few minor features it feels like it's missing such as ironman mode, the ability to move your mechs around to different bays and viewing your completed mechs with a 360 camera/zoom. I feel like there should also be a way to test your mechs after you finish tweaking them to really see if you can put that extra L laser on without overheating. Despite these issues, it definitely is a game with great potential if you enjoy turn-based strategy games or if you haven't scratched that mech game itch in awhile.
archangel_44703	Recommended	182.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/archangel_44703/	I bought this with somewhat of an open mind. It hasn't disappointed me, yet. I think that this game is a good one. I played Mechwarrior 2, and the add ons. I sort of thought that Battletech was going to be like that, but better graphics. However, the story, etc., as far as I have played, has been phenomal. The mechs, the weapons, etc., are great. I would love to see either a continuation of this game, or even a DLC that has you fighting the Clans. And a second DLC where you are part of the Clans. Great game, so far. Don't, though, developers, rush the story line, yet. Just add them when it's the right time. One con, for me, is that the game seems to disable or delete my graphics driver. I have an Nvidia card, and use Geforce Experience. I am not positive that it is either the game engine, or something else, but I am not sure.
bladeboques	Recommended	362.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198073612763/	I love this game, they did a very true to BattleTech lore game. Thank you guys
endjinn	Recommended	73.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198015649627/	Its got mechs and harebrained and paradox.. Its awesome.  :) 
Ri0	Recommended	56.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/riofrost/	Giant robots shoot each other till death. 10/10
Grueber	Recommended	56.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197986568344/	Pros- tactical turn-based game with giant robotsability to acquire near mechs and equipmentgood time for people who like X-Com style of resource management and small squad combatCons-weak story with subpar NPCs- you won't care about any of themstat and ability development of lance pilots too limitedNo reason to expand beyond 5-6 pilots and mechslimit of 4 mechs to squad too small when AI can get 8-12+ mechs. No reason to use medium or light mechs in late gameSuicidal AI that never runs/surrenders when clearing outgunnedThere is an initial learning curve figuring out the critical skills for your lance (bulwark to reduce damage by 50% is key). Once you grasp the tactics the game is fun as you slowly improve your squad by acquiring heavier mechs. This game reminds me alot of X-Com. It lasks the graphical and narrative polish of X-Com with a shalllower level of tactics and strategy. Not a bad first effort and hopefully improves with the release of future DLCs.
MundaneCinderella	Recommended	77.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198099657767/	Seeing several reviews suggesting the game is poorly optimized, that has not been my experience at all, my PC is below minimum specs, not by a lot, but still below what the devs recommend to run the game, and aside from slightly longer than I'd like load times, I haven't experienced any performance issues with the game.The game definitely scratches the itch I've had for a wargame, delivering managable 4on4 skirmishes and a campaign that is a fun mercenary company management sim.I'm relatively new to the Battletech brand, and while it took a few games to get used to how different mechs and weapons systems behaved, the game displays stats for every interaction in a mostly digestable manner that makes the learning curve reasonable.
anonbc2000	Recommended	101.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198337870226/	Finally a "BattleTech" game that feels like BattleTech before doubleheatsinks and the clans and all the mindless useless boring garbage that came after.If I can loose 5 hours in campaign mode and think it was only ~2 then this game is at least in the spirit of true BattleTech.A game of big stompy robots shooting stuff with random outcomes.Campaign mode isn't a jump learn everything in 10 seconds then play with non-stop rinse and repeat fps... its BT and it has a story... expect to spend some time enjoying.  But if no patience then just google search ed gruberman tae kwon leap and enjoy that instead!
Cipher	Recommended	39.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ZoomSplatMedic/	Awesome Turn based Mech Battle. SOOOO Glad to have battletech back. Werf. its been tooooo long. So its a very good mesh of battletech universe with an xcom style of combat. Mission system is also kinda cool, having different contracts, to mix with the storyMech line up is awesome so far, tho the game seemed to be generous to me and i got an atlas very early on compared to my friends. Anything from jenners to zues/atlas.Overall solid game, i hope for more as the devs are the same from mechcommander, etc which were awesome way back when. fingers crossed for expansions like the old days.
rebel_ink	Recommended	121.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/rebel_ink/	Well, I have finally beaten the main campaign, so I think I can write a review:It's big, stompy mechs shooting and smashing each other, and everything around them. This appeals to me a visceral level, and I love this game.I never played BattleTech on a table top, so I can't speak to the accuracy of PPC damage output or heat generation, but I can speak to the core gameplay elements as someone who enjoys XCOM and XCOM2, Fallout Tactics, Earthsiege & Starsiege.This is a turn-based, tactical shooter with a lot of thoughtfulness in design. Positioning matters, weapon loadout matters, pilot skills matter, turn ordering matters. If you don't respect the basic ruleset of the game (focus fire while spreading incoming damage around, make sure to minimize catastrophe) you are going to get your a** handed to you. This is one of the less forgiving TBT games I have played, and I think that makes it that much more rewarding to pull a victory out of a dicey situation.The overworld management aspect is generally enjoyable, though I do think forced increases in difficulty when campaign milestones are reached was unnecessary. It would be helpful to go and do a couple of milk-run missions to bring your new recruits up to speed or build your salvage pile after a bad drop, but I can understand why the developers would want to force a difficulty curve. I am sure mods will fix this (in fact I think they already have). Sometimes the mission rewards felt underwhelming, but it certainly forced me to consider whether trying to complete the objectives was worth the repair bill. Honestly, sometimes it wasn't, and I had to learn that the hard way after trying to take out a base defender by 4 Assaults and 4 Heavies. I have not experienced any of the crashes others have mentioned, with the exception of one case where the game would not load up at all. I was toggling between this and other screens, and it ran fine in both full screen and windowed modes. Others have also complained about the slow pace of battles, and I think this is going to be down to personal preference. I did end up disabling one of the camera options, but I personally think the movement speed of the mechs, and the time it takes to position and fire is tonally appropriate for this kind of game. I would not expect to see 35-100 ton bi-pedal machines clipping along at 100 miles per hour. That would break immersion for me, but others may have a different experience.I think the highest praise I can give this game is it made me stay up until 1:00 AM when I knew I had to be up at 5:00 for work. I was tired and not my best the next day, and as soon as I could, I fired Battletech up again. It has that "just one more turn" magic of the best turn based games (XCOM, CIV).10/10, would sleep deprive myself again, and again, and again. 
[REDACTED]	Recommended	80.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/katipunancowboy/	This is a game I've been waiting decades for, ever since I bought my first BattleTech game (MW2: Mercs) before I had a PC to run it on. In addition to the hundreds of hours I've spent in the games all the way back to Crescent Hawk's Inception, I've spent countless hours immersed in the books and lore, and every trip to the used bookstore meant a hunt for the elusive BattleTech novel. I played and competed in the MechWarrior: Dark Age board game in its entire lifetime, and dabbled in the old TCG as well. What I'm saying is I've been a BattleTech fan for most of my life, so I didn't hesitate for a second to back HBS when they put the game up for crowdfunding.As for the game itself, yes it does have its problems. The pacing, movement, menus, and memory leaks are understandably deal-breakers for some. But underneath the unpolished exterior lies a deeply fulfilling game and a compelling story. While gameplay-wise I wish some things were less frustrating, for most of my 70+ hours playing I was hooked on every decision I made in the game from 'Mech lab to contract to combat.I enjoyed tinkering and experimenting with my lance setups, developing my MechWarriors, and managing my funds until I had a sustainable cashflow. During combat, I had a definite plan in mind that I enjoyed executing as my LRM and AC/20 boats kneecapped and cored everything in sight while my Disco Highlanders smacked some 'Mech faces in. The cutscenes and music were fantastic and thematically amazing; the OST is now on repeat as my work music and I love rewatching the in-game movies to relive emotional moments like finding that very, very special treasure trove.If you're a fan of space opera, tinkering with giant robots, and making those giant robots level a field of other giant robots with particle beams and missles, then by the Houses, stop reading this review and get in there. The BattleTech universe is waiting, and it'll only get better from here.
buster_heads	Recommended	115.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198210406297/	Great tactical giant robot game.  Strategies matter and so does weapon choice for each situation.  Pilot training adds a fun bit of spice as well, you can train a pilot to master a certain playstyle, or weapon type.  Definatley recommend this game to anyone who likes Battletech, or games like X-Com.
YourSwordisMine	Recommended	287.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197989090616/	Been a fan of Battletech since I was 11 in 1984 when it was still called Battledroids. The Battletech universe kept me entertained and fueled my imagination for many years. I've played all of the Battletech computer and console games. This is the first game to actually capture the essense of Mech Combat. I've waited since 1984 for someone to make this game, and they finally have. Thank you for finally making a turn based Battletech game.
oiluj213	Recommended	52.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/oiluj213/	Turn-based combat set in the Battletech universeTL;DR - it's xcom with mechsTL;DR 2 - it's front mission (not evolved)story campaign - you're a mechwarrior whose mercenary company is in heavy debt, an opportunity comes along to clear your debts and overthrow a government while you're at it.gameplay - slow, like reaaaallly slow. you can switch some options around to speed things a bit, but a general battle/movement speed slider is non-existent. aside from that, it's everything standard in a turn-based combat game, height/positioning/facing is key, terrain and heat management, the right weapons for the right shot, the right mech for the right job. your pilots have a skill tree, but are restricted from acquiring "all" skills on any one pilot. there are upkeep costs to running your mercenary group, but after 40+ hours of gameplay it's never really a problem.missions - you'll typically face 4-12 mechs depending on mission difficulty, not a lot of mission variety be it defend/escort/battle/etc. since wiping out hostiles usually auto wins. most memorable mission is a story mission set in a sandstorm that had you go in stealth, aside from that it's all the same. not much for replayability.graphics - made in unity, limited by unity. the cutscenes and still art are great, mech designs are great and borrows more from Mechwarrior Online's aesthetics. zooming in will find you muddy textures, lack of terrain details, simple geometries, etc.audio - music is pretty good, i'd say it's orchestra/space opera. if you're expecting metal or such from the old mechwarrior games then you won't find it here. weapon fire, mech movement, impact hits, laser fire, all of it sounds great. limited voice overs, but good delivery when it does happen.stability - made in unity, killed by unity. i've crashed only once after the tutorial. loading times varies by user. some ui elements gets garbled. loading the load save menu takes a long while to the point that it would be quicker to force close the game and restart.pros: turn-based combat. good looking mech designs. good overall art direction. story campaign. good sound design, music, and voice acting.cons: turn-based combat. graphics unravel at the seams the more/closer you look at it. limited mech variety. repetitive missions. stability issues. slow loading speeds at menu/ui. not fully voiced.recommended at 3/5 for giving us a new battletech game, big mechs in turn based combat brought down for being made with limitations from unity and limited replayability or mission variety outside of the main campaign.
Hawkn	Recommended	91.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/hawkn93/	This is true BattleTech.It's as close as you're going to get in this generation to the classic tabletop. It's not 1 for 1 with every rule, but the general gameplay translates. They use MWO models for mechs, so the models look great. Lore buffs will love it. Turn based strategy fans will enjoy it even with no interest in the MechWarrior universe. Also, combat is a lot of fun to watch. If you're waiting for the next Sim, this isn't it, but it might hold you over.There are a few small bugs, and general Unity issues but I haven't run into any. My only feedback is the speed of combat could be turned up even if just as an option (skipping animations entirely, etc).Pick it up, it's worth $40.
MudCrab	Recommended	99.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198017975705/	This is a game the certainly gives the player a lot of think about.Or more correctly, gives the player a lot of TIME to think.The load screens. The cinema cuts. The other load screens.Not game breaking but not great either.Also not great is that the game is a tad crashy JUST before you formally finish a mission. Killed your last mech, got your pay, selected the cream of that all so attractive loot... and CRASH. Go back and play the entire mission again.Yeah... guess the first run was only practice...On the plus side the game does feel like old school hex and dice Battletech. It is not a straight port - thank goodness as the original game had, imho, some balance issues and bad game mechanics - and has some subtle changes to the way the some of the weapons work and other core mechanics. However these are largely for the best and the main point for someone who has been playing the game on and off since he still had hair, the game FEELS like Battletech.On the other down side the learning curve is a tad steep. Not so much in the core mechanics of move, shoot, stomp on the fallen mech until he is dead, but more that some of the more interesting bits are hidden. To discover there were + and ++ weapons within the game for example you have to either notice them within the huge scroll of the shopping menu or go several layers deep in a dialogue tree with one of the NPCs.Overall, not too bad.
ELRIX	Recommended	53.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/rixtopia/	People who like Front Mission and XCOM will totally love this game. It's like a crossover of those two titles.The mechs in this game will take damage on different parts like arms, legs, or head (just like how it worked in Front Mission). Be careful tho, when a part is destroyed - the weapons installed on that part will be gone for good. You need to get a new one to replace the broken weapons (or equipments). The management aspect of the single player game is more like XCOM, you will pass time to wait out your injured pilots (mechwarriors) and/or just wait for the mechs to be completely repaired/refitted. You can also hire more pilots or ready more than 4 mechs if you're able to finance them of course.Some important things that I want to point out are:1. The game is somewhere between casual and hardcore. It's not easy to learn fast, but it's not difficult too. The learning curve is not that steep. I didn't really like the game before I tried to really pay attention to the basics. Once I knew the all the basics (by talking to the mechanic called Yang and clicked on every available topic to learn all the basics), the game suddenly became a whole lot more exciting for me.2. If you've played XCOM before, you know sometimes it's a bit tedious to wait for transition animation or whatever you call it every time we finished a character's turn. Basically the game is like that too. This is not really a big deal to be honest - but I think I should still point this out because it turned me off a bit when I was playing the tutorial missions, which will bring me to my next point:3. The introduction missions, I think there were 2 or 3? Make sure you have a decent amount of time to finish them all at one go. I was quite busy at the moment I was trying out the game; the slow transition between characters and the feeling of wanting to finally have my own squad to manage annoyed the hell out of me that the introduction missions were longer than expected. However, I do understand - they're completely important.. for the storylines.I don't know whether we can skip the intro missions or not if we're starting a new game, but I've found a workaround to start the game without having to do the tutorial and intro missions. Maybe the ability to skip the tutorials would be available later on. With all that said, I'd say this game is somewhat worth for its pricetag. I guess I could say there are rooms for improvements on various aspects (trivial things, not really worth to mention right now)- but I still haven't finished the game yet. Anyway, it's a thumbs up from me. Get it.
Nanowave	Recommended	95.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197969023173/	I was expecting an ok game, did'nt pay too much during the kickstarter so figured it would be a small fun battle tech title with not too much to it. I was so, so wrong. This has to be one of the best turn based games I've played in a long, long time and its Battletech so even better!Graphics are well done, as you would expect for a top down 3D turn based game, good graphics but not crazy detailed as you zoon right in, but enough to look really good. Game runs smooth as silk on a 1080 with an older i5 precessor and 16bg of ram. Only been one map that had a certain spot I would look at that would drop frames down to about 10, other than that its always a solid 60 or more with everything maxed.Tactics and Mechs are spot on and the intricacies of how deep the system goes with bonus's to certain weapon accuracy on arms etc. keep you thinking of how to improve setups.This game is just fun all round and the story so far (Have not completed it yet) is not bad at all but the best part of the game so far, the money management for your merc company. It gives you the sense of being on a tight budget without making it frustraitingly hard.In terms on Con's there is not too much I would change, I would perhaps do salvage a little different, maybe more along the lines of Mechwarrior games but its still not a horrible system.
fieryace	Recommended	32.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198003233400/	I do like this game, and I do recommend it, but it's more because there are few good alternatives set in the Battletech universe than because it's a good game. And it is a good game. It's good because it aims to do everything a Battletech game should do. It's also not great; it falls short in all the the things it aims to do. The best example of how this game can fall short is the way combat is represented. The whole point of the game should be big epic mech fights, but the combat just doesn't feel that way. One of the biggest concerns is that combat is slow and jerky, and honestly not all that epic feeling. This isn't just because the animations are slow (which is what harebrained seems to think, based on their latest announcement) but because the combat and animations are seperated into discrete steps. For example, you attack an enemy mech and it gets knocked down. First the damage tags show up over its head. Then the knockdown tag shows up. Then, after a one or two second delay, the mech takes a step forward then falls backward. Why is this not shown when the knockdown threshold is achieved? And why does a mech have to fall into its own tile? That's why it has to spend a second and a half stepping forward before it falls, which makes it look like an over-acted stage death.Nearly everything this game attempts is marred by strange design decisions like this. But, the mere fact that it at least attempts everything it should makes it worth playing, IMO anyway. Highly recommended to long-time Battletech fans, somewhat recommended for turn based strategy fans, unfortunately not really recommended for anyone else.
SupCMDr	Recommended	8.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/supcmdr/	I'm quite pleased with this game already!  Piloting a lance of 4 'Mechs into a variety of different missions, choosing the proper loadouts for the mission, effectively scouting, and finding good tactical positions for your mechs all make this one of the best Turn-based Strategy games I've played in years!The Good:- Excellent turn-based tactical gameplay.  Scouting, positioning, loadout, etc all matter.- Plenty of mechs and weapons to choose from (possibly more in the future)- Visually appealing (still would like to see a 4k texture pack)The Bad:- Long animation times (potentially fixable by HBS/mods)- Long loading times (plz work on this, HBS!)- The difficulty of missions can vary wildly.  One mission could be super easy, but the next, you could get absolutely rekt if you don't plan carefully.- Sometimes feels like your pilots get injured too easily.  Hurts a lot more in the early game when you don't have the resources to hire more pilots & run more Mechs. (can be mitigated by learning how to better position, etc)The Ugly:- IMO, Nothing about this game is so bad that it warrants putting here.Overall, despite the bad, this game is exactly what I was wanting, and it should only get better from here!
Badgers Ass Rocks then Rolls	Recommended	74.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197990144502/	Its is good I play it. I enjoy Mechs, the UI works the mech bays are pretty good easily digestible with the massive amount of weapons and coponents. I like how the Mechs have the same look as MWO it feels like an extension of the Universe. The story is great but thats to be expected from BattleTechs massive blackhole of lore. Its slow paced I guess like most turnbased games there is a sluggish element when you cant instant move or skip watching the 10+ AI slowly move as you sit for an extended amount of time doing nothing but being tortured. I hate the loading time  to screens to load another screen that you than press a button to load in like wtf guys. The bankruptcy reminder everyday is annoying I guess. Taking time to travel places I am ok with waiting 5 minutes to do multiple jumps and get to the other side of the map it gives the feeling of travelling a distance. There are random events that pop up they are neat but seem pretty basic so far as in I am seeing the same events pop up among new events I have only played the campaign for 30+ hours.It you like Mechwarrior or Battletech + turnbase than this game is probably a good fit for you the customization of builds and gameplay are good the story is great its just a bit slow...
Andreas H	Recommended	125.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198053694229/	This is an awesome game. Hands down the first time in ages an adaptation of the BattleTech-world comes this close to how I've envisioned it. The management-level, the refit/rebuild-aspect of the 'Mechs, the missions, the fights, the storyline - they're all wonderfully detailed and well done.The battles themselves are amazing. You have to have a good strategy or you WILL fall on your face. All the information you need are at your fingertips (yes, the UI took some getting used to) for you to make your attack plan.The only negative I can find really is what many have pointed out - that the death-animations for your foes, the audio-quirps, the wonky camera-moves during the battle - all makes the fight-experience a little slow. But that's a small problem and most likely something that will be fixed later on. For now, I'm just enjoying my first 5-star game in ages. Happy hunting!
fun_with_chainsaws	Recommended	182.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198001753582/	As one of the kickstarters, I had a lot riding on this game not being a bad one. Had the project not been done by Harebrained Schemes, I would have been more of a skeptic. However, they've shown that while they're generally not breaking new ground on the technology side of things, they'd routinely made compelling stories and settings in their Shadowrun series of games. After getting dragged through the dirt with MWO and left empty handed with MW: Tactics. I was hoping for a break from disappointment. ...and a break was what I got. Granted, the programming isn't perfect and it crashes on the rare occasion (No more or less for me than Shogun 2 did, but be sure to save before you finish your missions). "They" is an option as a singular character pronoun but a lack of a *light* blond hair option (Much to the chagrin of a number of Scandinavian fans of the series) stands out, and while the Battletech universe is known for it's interesting hodgepodge of cultural mixing, the main cast does feel like Affirmative Action on steroids compared to their Shadowrun games. Some folks have thrown a royal sh*tfit about the game being made tumblrina-friendly, but to me, it's seems decently accurate to the lore of the universe. Besides that, most negative reviews outside of "The SJWs are ruining everything" seem to be nitpicking the whole game over stuff that is way too minor, like not being able to customize mechwarrior portraits.But as for the meat and potatoes of the game, the mechanics are solid, the missions varied and interesting, and this game *BY FAR* pays tribute to the setting that it's a part of compared to other games of the past. Mouse-overs over highlighted flavor text gives background on anything new players might be unfamiliar with, 'mechs are not treated as a dime a dozen - you have to salvage or purchase three "Parts" of a felled mech in order to salvage the whole thing. Customization isn't treated as a mere set of lego blocks, and repairs, pilot injuries, and bankruptcy are a very real threat that you need to prepare for. I've heard it compared to X-com a number of times, but there are some things that make it stand out as well. For one, I found X-Com to be much more unforgiving. Not so much easier, but in X-Com, there was a lot of "You either don't get hit, or you're dead", while Battletech's combat system has a little bit more grey area in between that usually won't see your guys get glassed in a single shot, but instead tends to pile up incrementally, and according to where damage is concentrated, encourages you to move in certain ways to protect your weakened locations. Also, a big improvement from the beta was the reduced importance of special abilities over maneuvering and tactics. This helps to prevent your individual warriors from getting too shoehorned into using specific roles, but still having a specialty that they excel in, like boosting tactics or durability.The one thing I will nick HBS on is the quality of the voice acting. I found it wanting, and in some cases in the first mission, I found it strange they bothered to voice some dialogue, while others were text only. Surprisingly, the voice acting in the iOS exclusive game Mechwarrior Tactical Command was significantly more compelling, in spite of being a lower budget game for an even more limited audience. The Seattle/Vancouver area is known to have a pool of voice acting talent that they could have drawn from. Hopefully it grows on me as time progresses.As far as how much I like it myself, I haven't enjoyed a game this much or have been as excited to play it after coming home from work in years. Likewise, I got so sucked in, I found myself needing to set an alarm clock to make sure I get to bed at a reasonable hour. I completely recommend this game, and after fifteen plus years of waiting for another Battletech universe single player title, HBS outdid themselves and produced the most candid perspective of the setting shown in the Mechwarrior/Battletech games to date, without sacrificing challenge or fun. 
Takamori	Recommended	81.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/takamorisan/	Its a rough diamond. With patches it can be turned into a masterpiece. The game content is really fun, what you expect from a TT Battletech, the mech and ship administration is very interesting. But like I mentioned before its rough, because the beginning of the game almost made me give up from reaching the good part, the downside its takes too long to finally arrive at what the player went for.As for technical issues, many fps drops needs to be fixed and how the actions develop during turns go, in the current state it requires patience with a slow play gameplay style.So its a 7/10 for me. With fixes I will sure to give a 9/10
Trontastic1	Recommended	49.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/trontastic1/	Battletech is a very good turn based tactical game. The gameplay resembles the modern XCOM game series but, with giant mechs and less troublesome percentage mechanics. The game itself is a slower pace then the XCOM series but, it lends to the illusion that the mechs have weight and recoil when firing weapons.Be warned that bugs are present in the current release as I lost a salvaged Firestarter mech, when I tried to go back to a previous menu and have had at least one major crash back to the desktop. However, I've been able to play Battletech over the last week with no performance issues now that the devs released a beta patch to resolve the 100% GPU bug. My GPU now runs at an average 50-80% which I hope lower further as patches are released to better optimize the game.Another advantage to this game over the XCOM series, is that the story missions can be done at a pace of your choosing. The plentiful neverending side missions allow the player to obtain better mechs and equipment but, also come with enough risk to remain challenging. I wholeheartedly recommend to explore the side missions, as the story missions can be brutal and spike in difficulty suddenly.Speaking of the story missions, the story feels like a classic Battletech/Mechwarrior campaign. Harebrained Schemes nailed the themes of the Battletech universe in this game and added a surprising amount of role-playing options for the player to chose from in this type of game.I also enjoyed the customization options for your character for both looks and the ability to generate a backstory, which adds depth plus attachment to it. On a personal note, I wish there was a brighter color option for hair (such as blonde) and the color pallets choices are all a bit dark.Overall, while Battletech is not a perfect game, I am very pleased with the results of Harebrained Schemes hard work and look forward to see where they take the series (hopefully) through a sequel and/or DLC.
ScottBot	Recommended	81.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ScottBot726/	This is one of those games I bought and didn’t play for a few days after release b/c I didn’t think it only look OK...But then I started it up, and 6 hours later I realized I couldn’t have been more wrong.One of the most engaging games I’ve ever played - from the diversity of worlds to the customization of mechs - there’s plenty of depth, but it doesn’t feel TOO complicated. This is one of those games that is MUCH more fun to actually play than it is to watch IMO. Sure, it’s got its release version hiccups like slow-moving vehicles and memory leaks, but the devs have been vocal on the forums and are releasing fixes weekly. SO pumped to see where this game goes!
ThatGuyMontag	Recommended	219.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198008992070/	No two ways about it, as an old tabletop player who has read most of the novels, I was kind of the target demographic. That said, what Harebrained Schemes have put together is nothing short of magic. The team set out to recreate the feel of the Battletech universe that people like me fell in love with, and they succeeded. From the crunchy and demandingly complex battlefield strategy, to the deadly calculus of war everything from the battles to the economic sim do a superb job in supporting the fantasy of being a mercenary commander in this world. And the most exciting bit? Due to being a Kickstarter and bit delayed (due to a shonky Unity update) the game has clearly been rushed over the last hurdles. But don't treat that as a sign of lack of polish: barring a few minor bugs and a handful of unlucky people with deeper technical issues that the devs are working on, what's in the game is more than satisfying and worth the money. No, what is truly amazing about this game is that it clearly can be more and, given some time, *will* be more. More procedural contracts, more mechs, more campaigns, more events, more and deeper mercenary sim, all of that can be very easily delivered on the back of the platform as it already exists. Some of that is ready now and only just missed being in the base game, and so will come out in the next couple of months in a free update. Other bits will come further down the line with HBS already committing to both free and paid DLC and given their track record (for example giving the Dragonfall Director's Cut free to Shadowrun Returns backers), you can trust that they'll be generous. I know I sound like a shill, but the blunt and honest truth is that this is the first time I have ever felt the need to shill for a game. As it stands it's the best Battletech experience you can find, capturing the feel of the universe far better than any of the Mechwarrior games ever could. Add in the fact that it's just going to get bigger and better from here, and what you have is a game that I'm going to be replaying for years to come. Backing the game is easily one of the best investments I've ever made.
neuromancer	Recommended	193.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198030842938/	This game captures the spirit and feel of BattleTech very well, without slavish devotion to the PnP game.  Quite enjoying it.If I were to have a complaint, it would be that the game only (seems) to allow you to field a maximum of 4 mechs at a time, which is disappointing.And for those complaining about 'the huge pauses' in the game: Grow up you entitled little whiners.  The pauses are not that dramatic, you are just so damn impatient that even waiting a second is a burden on you.  Its not like your time is valuable anyway, is it keeping you from texting or watching more porn?  Now get off my lawn.(and there are ways to adjust the game pace anyway, which the people who had brains instead of just whining all day already figured out)
SnowRaven	Recommended	52.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/snowraven1/	A terrific and very satisfying game for fans of turn-based tactics or mechwarrior.Been a fan of both since x-com and mechwarrior 2. This is an insane mix of the two. The mech customization is extremely deep and detailed.  The combat is satisfying and rewards positioning and weapons management. The campaign is long, with randomized missions and ship upgrades between main story missions. It's almost pure nostalgia for me having also played mechcommander and mission force cyberstorm in the past. I couldn't have been happier playing through this and waiting for more. 
BaronVonKaiser	Recommended	243.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198030759376/	I would recommend this game so long as you have a small amount of patience to get better at it! This is turn based squad combat with mechwarriors, with some mech customization, base upgrading, and soldier promotions thrown in for added fun. It is difficult, I was getting destroyed at first, even on easy battles, but after one complete restart, a few painful mechwarrior deaths, and countless reloads (Save before you except ANY new mission!) I feel like I am developing some strategies that work and I've even managed to defeat a few superior forces (albeit with a lot of very costly repairs by the end). I haven't made it far into the story yet, but it's already engaging enough that I want to keep progressing. The missions have a fair amount of variety objective wise, but the combat plays out in a very similar manor, only feeling a bit different if there are fixed turret emplacements and possible reinforcements. This similarity of combat from mission to mission has not been boring to me yet though as it's fun, and difficult to get good at.All in all, challenging (I wish there were more difficulty adjustment options) but a lot of fun and well worth the purchase if you are into X-Com / Jagged Alliance style games!
Dahitman	Recommended	57.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/dahitman/	This is a mech tabletop game powered by the fluidity of the XCOM engine (minus ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t RNG) plus Shadowrun game dialogue options and lore.You don't know you want this game until you play it.Characters have souls, they speak back, and it ain't just "augh" "yes commander", they have their own personalities per character and you truely feel their loss when they die due to bad tactics and planning.There's an eject button, if you play well enough, nobody has to die. This isn't XCOM's dice rolls, 90% is almost always a hit. And 90% of the time it's always your fault Dekkar dies.PS. Don't let Dekkar die.
sgtwhitty10	Recommended	25.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/sgtwhitty10/	There is some ridiculose PC social justice nonsense in this game but it is easy enough to ignore. Hope they did enough to appease the Sarkeesian. On a technical note, I had to install a programme called CCCP(combined community codec pack) to run this game passed the title screen as it kept crashing when it tried to play the intro video. Why this wasnt done by steam or the dev;'s I dont know. I have played 20hrs so far and am really getting into the game. Every time an enemy Mech blows off an arm of destroys a part of one of your mechs you feel the pain as the cost starts to add up. So I have found myself getting more invested into looking after my mechs and the pilots as well as completing the missions. This adds a whole new dimension to the strategy game as usually I couldn't care less how many of my own pixels are destroyed to achieve victory. The game is easy to pick up and challenging at the same time. I am sure you have heard of the rich law that has built up around the Battletech universe over the last thirty years and maybe you are a little daunted to get into it. But the story so far at least has been interesting and easy to follow. I have been playing RTS games since Dune 2 and never thought a turn-based strategy game could compete with an RTS but Battletech does it in spades. This is the first review I have written of a game on steam which should be evidence enough on how much I have enjoyed this game.
Yossarian	Recommended	126.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198007399255/	A great game for those who are fans of the old FASA board game. True to the lore and feel of the original, this was a nostalgic throw back for me. Like Harebrained schemes other offerings, Shadowrun Returns, they nail the tone of the source material perfectly. (Not surprising as they reconvened much of the original talent set responsible for creating it in the first place.) In particular, this turn based game has echoes of the fight,salvage, upgrade dynamic that made the old Mech Commander series so enjoyable. So far my favorite games purchase of 2018.A few points though for folks looking to make a decision-1) The game is accessiable, but it certainly helps if you've played other Battletech games before for an understanding of strategy. While the port from the board game is not exact, the function of line of site, weapon ranges, heat, and movement more closely parrallel the original source material compared to other PC games. If you know the table top rules you'll have a good feel for what will be sucessful in this version.2) Several reviewers have noted the long wait times in combat. These can be speeded up by selecting some video options, but it could be faster. HBS has announced a patch later this summer that will allow for more customization, but this is an issue as fighting combat missions is the bulk (and the most enjoyable) part of the game.
Bantam	Recommended	23.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/bantamcrow/	Despite it's rough edges, this game brought me right back to my childhood and there were parts of the game that made me tear up. When I was 12, my uncle taught me how to play Battletech in his apartment. He gave me a Kintaro against his Daishi Prime, he was always the sore winner and sore loser, he told me that it was to teach me "how to apply damage" to my mech sheet. He gave me his personal Kintaro, though, equipped with a guass rifle. In the opening round the dice were not kind to him and he scratched my pain with a pulse laser, and when it was my turn, I shot him once with the rifle. I got a critical, location chart for head, I blew his pilot from his mech in one shot and killed him. He put the game away in aggravation but later that week we started our own campaign, just him and me.I got to keep the Daishi for my campaign, but I downgraded to the Black Knight later and seeing the Black Knight in-game kinda made me cry a little. All my memories of my uncle (RIP) came back to me, sitting at his coffee table with lego guys I painted over myself to represent my mechs. Look, the game has flaws and issues, but it was $40 and I got a lot of enjoyment out of it. It isn't perfect, but I consider it worth my money and I thoroughly enjoyed playing it. Upgrading the Argo to get special options to be the coolest Commander ever to my crew, spending every month giving them tons of money, I was never mean except when I killed the bodyguard that led to the death of my parents (from the backstory I picked) and I'll hope and pray that more story comes out for this game in the future. Absolutely amazing game that grabbed my childhood by the throat.My review is my personal enjoyment of the game. I'm not going to say what the game did right, what it did wrong, and if you should get it or not. But for me, personally, this is a very faithful recreation of the pencil/paper game from my childhood. And nothing in any game as of late got quite the thrill out of me like  finding out there was a bunker of old-world tech with weapons I at first thought were missing. ER PPCs, Gauss Rifles, Pulse Lasers and the soldier's reactions to seeing an Atlas on the field as I mowed all those poor fools down, I was laughing in a way I hadn't for a long time. 
Bantam	Recommended	23.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/bantamcrow/	Despite it's rough edges, this game brought me right back to my childhood and there were parts of the game that made me tear up. When I was 12, my uncle taught me how to play Battletech in his apartment. He gave me a Kintaro against his Daishi Prime, he was always the sore winner and sore loser, he told me that it was to teach me "how to apply damage" to my mech sheet. He gave me his personal Kintaro, though, equipped with a guass rifle. In the opening round the dice were not kind to him and he scratched my pain with a pulse laser, and when it was my turn, I shot him once with the rifle. I got a critical, location chart for head, I blew his pilot from his mech in one shot and killed him. He put the game away in aggravation but later that week we started our own campaign, just him and me.I got to keep the Daishi for my campaign, but I downgraded to the Black Knight later and seeing the Black Knight in-game kinda made me cry a little. All my memories of my uncle (RIP) came back to me, sitting at his coffee table with lego guys I painted over myself to represent my mechs. Look, the game has flaws and issues, but it was $40 and I got a lot of enjoyment out of it. It isn't perfect, but I consider it worth my money and I thoroughly enjoyed playing it. Upgrading the Argo to get special options to be the coolest Commander ever to my crew, spending every month giving them tons of money, I was never mean except when I killed the bodyguard that led to the death of my parents (from the backstory I picked) and I'll hope and pray that more story comes out for this game in the future. Absolutely amazing game that grabbed my childhood by the throat.My review is my personal enjoyment of the game. I'm not going to say what the game did right, what it did wrong, and if you should get it or not. But for me, personally, this is a very faithful recreation of the pencil/paper game from my childhood. And nothing in any game as of late got quite the thrill out of me like  finding out there was a bunker of old-world tech with weapons I at first thought were missing. ER PPCs, Gauss Rifles, Pulse Lasers and the soldier's reactions to seeing an Atlas on the field as I mowed all those poor fools down, I was laughing in a way I hadn't for a long time. 
Weatherman	Recommended	120.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198007786998/	So, let me just say that I discovered Battletech when I was 13 and it is literally the game that got me into all other gaming. This was my gateway game so I am, of course, biased in favor of it. For those that don't want to read further, get this game, support the developer, so they can keep expanding it and make sequels.Pros:It's like my 13 year old imagination is now a game everyone can play. Getting to manage your own mercenary company, upgrade your ship, refit your mechs, train your warriors, then fight out the battles is fantastic. I have already spent what my wife says is WAY too much time playing this game. And I plan on spending way too much more, so I hope she forgives me. The mechanics work well enough to be easy to understand and master, though there is an element of randomness to keep you honest. The story is engaging and I like that the characters feel fleshed out with distinct personalities.Cons:If you played any of HBS Shadowrun titles, you know they got better after the first one, as the developers integrated player feedback and found what worked and what didn't. Battletech will likely follow the same path. The game does get repetitive and if you aren't a fan like I am, I am sure that can bore you after a point. I have already read a number of comments that people dislike how slowly the battles play out due to the cinematic sequences, but I have also already seen the developers address that in their discussion about the future of the game, so for now I chalk that up to something that will be fixed. Really if there is any one con I can point to in the game, it's the lack of depth of gameplay right now. I know they plan on adding content in patches as well as paid expansions, but I hope they do so quickly, as the lack of depth can lead to people who haven't been waiting for a good Battletech table top computer game for 20 years to get bored and move on.This game rocks, the devs deserve some serious kudos, and I hope everyone supports them so they keep expanding this game and making more content.
Eagle's Eye	Recommended	30.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/EaglesEye/	the price is a bit much, i bought it with discount from a steamkey website ( 25 euros )how ever, if it ever comes on discount on steam i highly recommend this game if you like for example Xcom 2i personaly never liked mechwarrior online, so first when i saw this on steam i was like mehh..now ive been playing for a little while and i really really enjoy it, sure there are some bugs but the developer is trying to fix them before working on other content for this game.the visuals are OK, the maps you fight in arent as beautyfull as in Xcom but they do look nice enough.outside of the battle, when you are in your ship, the art style is rather nice, the UI and placement of things are very easy to understand.the two only downsides i found was that the tutorial was a bit lacking how ever, you kinda figure things out really fast on your own so,..the other one was voice acting,  there isn't much voice acting in this game, its more read this blob of text, read the next blob of text, it's not a game killer but a bit more voice acting would've been nice.
_-S-_	Recommended	52.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/emceter/	If you are looking for the short and sweet answer to the age old question, "should you buy it", I'll have to say yes, but only if you are a fan of turn by turn games. This review is coming from someone who has not played tabletop, who has no knowledge of mechs and simply picked up a turn by turn (style of games I enjoy) game to have fun. And from that aspect, it sure as hell delivers. The game is a blast, tweaks to mechs make real improvements, or damage to yourself if you pick poorly. The attacks feel powerful and make you feel like you personally contributed. THAT being said, the game does suffer from some optimization issues. I7 6700k, 970 SLI, 32gb 3200 mhz ram and I'm not getting above 60 fps. I know that more than 60 is not needed for a game such as this one, but it might be a sign that some other weaker rigs out there won't handle it. I will mention, that the game also suffers from odd difficulty ranking of missions. Many times I went into battle expecting a challenge at 3-4 skulls, only to wipe out the enemy team, or had a mission at 2 skulls that ended up in me scracting my head wondering how it went this wrong this quickly. Best example would be a battle mission that had 3 vehicles and a heavy mech, rated at 3 stars which was extermely easy, followed by a 2 star mission against 2 lances (8 mechs) that were fully armed, with mainly medium and heavy mechs. Clearly something doesn't add up. BUT, if you are looking for a game that will challenge you, that won't hold your hand and give you a participation trophy, you sure as hell are in the right place, you will earn all the fun it brings.
Serena	Recommended	317.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Serena090917/	This game is truly an amazing rendition of the classic board game for modern play.  Harebrained Schemes did an excellent job of staying true enough to the original ruleset to give old players an edge, while also streamlining in to make the game easier to get in to for people who have never picked up a set of dice in their lives.  Sure, there are some snags, such as occaisonally having to restart an escort mission because one of the apc's decides it doesnt like that dropship so it just wants to wait around for the next one, but other than that, its a solid game.As a side note, I've seen a lot of negative reviews based entirely on the choice of pronouns, and the response from the devs as well.  I want to personally thank Harebrained Schemes for putting this option in, and setting an example for other companies to be all-inclusive.
Grueber	Recommended	56.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197986568344/	Pros- tactical turn-based game with giant robotsability to acquire near mechs and equipmentgood time for people who like X-Com style of resource management and small squad combatCons-weak story with subpar NPCs- you won't care about any of themstat and ability development of lance pilots too limitedNo reason to expand beyond 5-6 pilots and mechslimit of 4 mechs to squad too small when AI can get 8-12+ mechs. No reason to use medium or light mechs in late gameSuicidal AI that never runs/surrenders when clearing outgunnedThere is an initial learning curve figuring out the critical skills for your lance (bulwark to reduce damage by 50% is key). Once you grasp the tactics the game is fun as you slowly improve your squad by acquiring heavier mechs. This game reminds me alot of X-Com. It lasks the graphical and narrative polish of X-Com with a shalllower level of tactics and strategy. Not a bad first effort and hopefully improves with the release of future DLCs.
Bacchus169	Recommended	280.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198031164145/	I am loving this game! I kickstarted it, and eagerly awaited it for two years, and haven't been disappointed in the least.  A must-have for any Battletech fan.
chrisfindley	Recommended	132.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/chrisfindley/	I'll write a glowing review later. I want to get back to playing this game. o/
DNYI	Recommended	165.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197972628227/	Great Game.  As addictive as Xcom: Enemy Unknown.  If you liked the turn based combat and strategy of Xcom but want more customization options and a more complicated damage model this game is for you.
Cub	Recommended	113.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198018916783/	TL:DR  Story is strong, high customization of 'mechs and the warriors that pilot them.  Superior grid gameplay that rewards strategy.  Choices matter be it weaponry, size of mech, placement, so on and so forth.  Resource management, infinite playability, plus the universe is nearly limitless to explore with plenty of supplemental reading should curiosity strike.  I'd suggest perusing Sarna.net first.On to an obnoxiously long review....A special place in my heart is reserved for Battletech.  If someone writes "MW2" I read it as "Mechwarrior 2" and it prob always will.  The dude who started it all, the board games, the simulation pods (look it up), the "technical readouts" that are absolutely overflowing with lore, that dude is Jordan Weisman.....and was the lead developer at the helm of this.It's been a winding road to this point.  Imagine creating something, and then the creative rights of your work get taken away from you.  Welp, just like Paul McCartney, it happened to Mr. Weisman.  He tried making another compay first, Smith and Tinker, but it didn't work out.  But a few lawsuits and a Kickstarter later, Harebrained Schemes emerged.Oh yeah, Jordan Weisman created Shadowrun too.  His true baby is Battletech though.  If you've played the Shadowrun games made by Harebrained Schemes, first you'll know that they like to bite off more than they can chew, second off, you'll know that what they DO manage to bite off and chew for a while gets chewed into gold,  Harebrained Schemes is like a cow that turns its cud into gold!So what about the game and why did it take me so long to get to writing about it?  This franchise and its ideas went through Hell before they appeared here.  Somehow Battletech the game has pulled some of the greatest elements from all its source material and offshoots.  For example, all the mech art assets are pulled from Mechwarrior Online, those mech art designes are beautiful and are the only redeaming thing about MWO.  The story itself inserts itself during a very interesting historical part of the Battletech Universe, RIGHT before some awesome♥♥♥♥♥♥goes down, but thats for a future installment for sure.  (CLANS!)I'll be honest, I'm a Clanner.  What does that mean?  I believe in the superiority of test tube babies and not kickin' ya while you're down.  No Clan stuff in this game however, just the opportunity to pilot the famous Atlas II once piloted by the Clan's great great great Grand pappy - Alexander Kerensky.  It is okay though, the game gives you quite a varied ability to choose what your origins are and the portrait customization meets an incredibly high standard.  If you have a certain look you want, you'll certainly be able to achieve it and far more, it's that good.The game truely shines when you get to the mechs.  A great many mechs are already represented and more are sure to come.  If you'd like a complrehensive list of mechs that most likely will find themselves in this game, you won't have to look any further than Mechwarrior Online as the mech art assets are taken directly from there.  The mechs currently in the game are all time line appropriate, meaning that some mechs and technologies haven't been invented until after the year 3025, so some iconic things won't appear in this game.......................yet.  Mech customization is unlike any other game on Steam, hands down.  Not even Armored Core.  This is a unique system with a rewarding learning curve.  You'll find yourself beginning to think up of new strategies find perfect balances between utility, placement, firepower, heat management, and armor allocation.Another place the game shines is where you'll be spending almost all of your time and the central focus of the game, the battle map!  These maps are AMAZING!  They are just fun to skirmish on.  There is destructable terrain, cover locations, high/low ground positions, tactical placement in forests or water, it is pretty in depth.  Foes you face won't be limited to 'mechs either, there will tanks and APC's to contend with as well.  Battles are fun and will hold your interest for quite a while, especially when tactically trying to down mechs for salvage and spare parts during your initial struggles.  Late game can get tedious HOWEVER recent tweaks and additions have nearly obliterated any criticisms I once had.Ultimately, what leaves a lasting impression on me about this game, and especially for a Battletech fan, is that you can play this game infinitly.  With so many random variables thrown in with travel mechanics, planet economies shifting, random events, ect., this game delivers a lore heavy Battletech experience that ends when you want it to....and then pick it back up a year later and enjoy the consistent updates the devs have been rolling out.  Judging by history and Harebrained's reputation, they will most certainly continue to impress and I'm excited as hell for what comes next outta these guys.
(Lakega) Holy Athena	Recommended	57.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198041924801/	So, is this game good? Well, yes. I'd give it a 7 out of 10. I'm not a mechWarrior fanboy and I've barely followed the lore. Most people seem to be complaining about specific things, such as slow turn times (camera's and animations taking awhile to finish), or not a specific screen resolution they want.. Really? these aren't reasons to say the WHOLE game is a thumbs down... So what DOES the game do?  The Story The story is very well done. Told to you through animated comic style cutscenes, and main key missions you'll be given through the story. You'll be able to choose when to take these missions so there is no rush. The story is interesting even if at first rather typical, it throws you a curve ball rather early on and really hooked me.  The Gameplay  The gameplay is a hit or miss depending on what you're looking for. It is a turn based game, and is more like Xcom meets MechWarrior. Your shots are determined by a vained edgy hit % chance like Xcom, and if you take the shot and you manage to "hit" all your shots will fly safely through 20 walls,  a window, my mothers ego, Mount Everest, and finally into the target. Personally in 2018.. I'd like to see actual physic based shooting. Where shots are fired from the gun, with a spread, and whatever they hit, they'll damage. Whether it be a mech, a building, or the terrain. I mean for ♥♥♥♥ sake, they had it in Front Mission 4 back in 2003 for the Playstation 2... 15 years later we're still stuck with this lazy crap? That being said though, it still feels less awkward and clunky than Xcom or Xcom 2 by far, and you feel FAR less irritated at missed shots. It is by all accounts more enjoyable by a long shot. The strategy is quite in depth, with decisions not only where, but how you position your mecs, whether you defend up, move, or brace yourself. The terrain also plays a key role. That being said, the game is BRUTAL, my first time through, I sped to quickly (which is easy to do) to the next story mission, where I got absolutely clobbered... Despite having a million creds in the bank, I am now facing complete disaster... 1 failed mission can cost you 200 days of repairs, recuperation, and if you don't have extra mecs and personel to take more missions, you'll be finding yourself drifting for MONTHS in space spending millions wiating for them to be ready for another mission..... I personally love this level of difficulty, but not everyone will. SO keep that in mind.  The Tutorial This is where the game starts to get fall apart. The tutorial is insanely basic.. Teaching you only how to move (c'mon? In a point and click turn based you gotta tell me how to move?) and how to shoot.. (Again.. can figure this out easily on my own). But NOTHING else is told to you.. Besides how to use the jump jet (again hello captain obvious), and that water cools down your mec. (Actually the only helpful info in the tutorial). It then throws you into a combat situation, knowing NOTHING of whats on the screen. What is the yellow line under my health bar? The red line? The two white lines? Anyone? Anyone? No? Alright guess I'll just wing it... The game assumes you know the Mech Warrior universe, and have played Mech Warrior Online.. If you haven't, you'll be hella lost with all hands on deck..  The Music I usually don't write a specific part for the music, but I have to say the music is amazing. They hit the nail on the head for atmosphere, from the random planets, missions, to the story missions, and cutscenes, its all PERFECT.
Nova Yield	Recommended	286.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198101343522/	GREAT GAME! Only thing is the lag and the random crash. It would be nice to see something like what Final Fantasy Tactics did with unused party members, you could send them out on small side quests. If you know the Battletech timeline they have created a base for tons of DLC, and I hope they carry it on keep that in mind.
Cub	Recommended	113.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198018916783/	TL:DR  Story is strong, high customization of 'mechs and the warriors that pilot them.  Superior grid gameplay that rewards strategy.  Choices matter be it weaponry, size of mech, placement, so on and so forth.  Resource management, infinite playability, plus the universe is nearly limitless to explore with plenty of supplemental reading should curiosity strike.  I'd suggest perusing Sarna.net first.On to an obnoxiously long review....A special place in my heart is reserved for Battletech.  If someone writes "MW2" I read it as "Mechwarrior 2" and it prob always will.  The dude who started it all, the board games, the simulation pods (look it up), the "technical readouts" that are absolutely overflowing with lore, that dude is Jordan Weisman.....and was the lead developer at the helm of this.It's been a winding road to this point.  Imagine creating something, and then the creative rights of your work get taken away from you.  Welp, just like Paul McCartney, it happened to Mr. Weisman.  He tried making another compay first, Smith and Tinker, but it didn't work out.  But a few lawsuits and a Kickstarter later, Harebrained Schemes emerged.Oh yeah, Jordan Weisman created Shadowrun too.  His true baby is Battletech though.  If you've played the Shadowrun games made by Harebrained Schemes, first you'll know that they like to bite off more than they can chew, second off, you'll know that what they DO manage to bite off and chew for a while gets chewed into gold,  Harebrained Schemes is like a cow that turns its cud into gold!So what about the game and why did it take me so long to get to writing about it?  This franchise and its ideas went through Hell before they appeared here.  Somehow Battletech the game has pulled some of the greatest elements from all its source material and offshoots.  For example, all the mech art assets are pulled from Mechwarrior Online, those mech art designes are beautiful and are the only redeaming thing about MWO.  The story itself inserts itself during a very interesting historical part of the Battletech Universe, RIGHT before some awesome♥♥♥♥♥♥goes down, but thats for a future installment for sure.  (CLANS!)I'll be honest, I'm a Clanner.  What does that mean?  I believe in the superiority of test tube babies and not kickin' ya while you're down.  No Clan stuff in this game however, just the opportunity to pilot the famous Atlas II once piloted by the Clan's great great great Grand pappy - Alexander Kerensky.  It is okay though, the game gives you quite a varied ability to choose what your origins are and the portrait customization meets an incredibly high standard.  If you have a certain look you want, you'll certainly be able to achieve it and far more, it's that good.The game truely shines when you get to the mechs.  A great many mechs are already represented and more are sure to come.  If you'd like a complrehensive list of mechs that most likely will find themselves in this game, you won't have to look any further than Mechwarrior Online as the mech art assets are taken directly from there.  The mechs currently in the game are all time line appropriate, meaning that some mechs and technologies haven't been invented until after the year 3025, so some iconic things won't appear in this game.......................yet.  Mech customization is unlike any other game on Steam, hands down.  Not even Armored Core.  This is a unique system with a rewarding learning curve.  You'll find yourself beginning to think up of new strategies find perfect balances between utility, placement, firepower, heat management, and armor allocation.Another place the game shines is where you'll be spending almost all of your time and the central focus of the game, the battle map!  These maps are AMAZING!  They are just fun to skirmish on.  There is destructable terrain, cover locations, high/low ground positions, tactical placement in forests or water, it is pretty in depth.  Foes you face won't be limited to 'mechs either, there will tanks and APC's to contend with as well.  Battles are fun and will hold your interest for quite a while, especially when tactically trying to down mechs for salvage and spare parts during your initial struggles.  Late game can get tedious HOWEVER recent tweaks and additions have nearly obliterated any criticisms I once had.Ultimately, what leaves a lasting impression on me about this game, and especially for a Battletech fan, is that you can play this game infinitly.  With so many random variables thrown in with travel mechanics, planet economies shifting, random events, ect., this game delivers a lore heavy Battletech experience that ends when you want it to....and then pick it back up a year later and enjoy the consistent updates the devs have been rolling out.  Judging by history and Harebrained's reputation, they will most certainly continue to impress and I'm excited as hell for what comes next outta these guys.
mahrdol	Recommended	158.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198006558602/	I like this game. I don't find it too hard. The story is decentProbably my only criticism is like many reviews say there is no point in fielding lighter mechs and the game pretty much forces you to go all assault.
Blackblade	Recommended	91.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197971544967/	I really enjoyed this game.  I'm not sure why so many people are so hard on it.  It isn't perfect, but it captures the spirit of mech combat very well.  The campaign and story were also well done and quite lengthy.  It's flaws are just some minor performance issues, and that it could have been better in terms of more mechs, more equipment, more mission types, bigger galaxy, better balance, etc.  Give it time, this is a small team and they made an X-Com scoped game that rivals that game in many respects.  Plus there are already mods that address some of these concerns.As for what the game is, in the single player game, you end up leading a small mercenary team that gets embroiled in a war.  After some starting missions you are given a ship (which you can eventually improve) and can do contract missions or story missions to earn money and salvage.  A large part of the game is trying to improve your lance by getting newer and larger mechs.  Missions are turn- based scenarios with various objectives based off the mission type.  These can be very simple, as in killing another lance, or quite complex (mainly the story missions) with new objectives and troubles appearing mid-mission.  I felt there was a good number of mission types and really didn't find them repeatative until getting quite far in the campaign (though more types would be nice).The combat model is very well done, and appears to closely model the tabletop source material (though I only briefly played that 20+ years ago).  I won't go into too much detail, as there is a lot going on, but facing, weapon types, armor, terrain and heat are all modeled to give you an idea of it's depth.  Mechs also have pilots who have skills which can really change what mechs you want to put them in and what tactics you use.  If you are a fan of detailed turn-based tactics, you should really enjoy this aspect of the game.There is also a multiplayer mode but I only tried one match to test a weird lance idea.  Could be fun but I was just more interested in the campaign.Overall, I thought this was a great game, my favorite of the year so far.  Definitely a worthwhile purchase, even at full price.  If you are very sensitive to performance and balance, maybe wait for a sale or a couple more patches.
Radio Dead	Recommended	25.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198392416290/	It's basically like X-Com, but cooler; because, well, MECHS.
MarkOfTheJudas	Recommended	67.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/markofthejudas/	To get some concerns out of the way.As many have stated, there are reports of some serious bugs regarding crashes and a few smaller ones dealing with certain resolutions having parts of the UI scaling off etc. While these are not positive, Harebrained Schemes has a strong reputation of fixing these things fairly quickly, so if you have bugs, consider waiting for the first patch. Other complaints (Battle being slow) are easily addressed by just going into options and scaling down the number of "Cinematic" animations and such.That said, this is a quality game. I have not finished the story, but thus far, it is interesting and well told. It also really helps sell the Battletech universe. Combat is tactical not just for the decisions you have to make to win, but how you win and how that affects you mercenary squad going forward. The management part and customization of mechs is also very engaging and adds to the tension and immersion of the game. All in all, I recommend the game. If you are on the fence due to the bug reports, wait for the first patch to drop and go from there.
DocNartman	Recommended	80.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197969519171/	Overall a good game and reflective of its board game roots with a bit of XCOM. Want to address some “Negstive” comments I’ve seen. First, weapon accuracy based on RNG is fine. Folks should remember this was based on a board game with a roll of the dice and furthermore use environment and positioning to improve accuracy. Second, some comments on character selection seems in line with the fact this is the 31st century and I don't really care if there are three choices. I was very surprised to see a very extensive RPG element on this game relatively speaking and coming from playing MechWarrior, Mechcommander, and Mechassault. I only have two complaints with one being fixable and the other being something that could be addressed with DLC. First, game doesn’t appear to support UHD resolutions. I have black bars...it’s not bad at all, but strange for a game in 2018 to be limited that way. Second, wish there was co-op campaign. Again, maybe DLC. Regardless, still a fun game!**UPDATE** now 30 hours into the game. Still very fun. I would say that there could be a bit better tutorials moving forward since I'm starting to find new tactics/features/skill uses from YouTube rather than from the game. Some other considerations is the need for voice for the dialogue. Its a bit strange that some items have actual audio for the speech, while others do not. Again, highly recommend this game for Mechwarrior fans and those that played Battletech the board game.
ghazel	Not Recommended	137.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ghazel/	Excrutiatingly slow gameplay, even with all the camera options off and "Speed Up Combat" on. It's telling that they added an option for it at all...Also, horrible frame rate / high CPU for a game that doesn't have much going on.
Desert Punk	Recommended	212.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197972511898/	This is the best game ever brings me back to the old game and back to playing with my friends with pen and papper. cannt wait for more DLC the univers is huge and want to see more and more of the war and the clan wars and star leage come back.Still a great game an love turn based games just like chess
lothartvni	Recommended	116.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/lothartvni/	I'm one of those old-timers who got into Battletech in the 80's. This has some notable differences from the boardgame, but the changes were likely necessary to avoid gaming the system too much in this format. This is a great alternative especially these days when it's harder and harder to get together with friends around the table. Looking forward to the DLCs that are inevitable with PDX games.
Mr.Superslaptastic	Recommended	147.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198003578617/	It's a great game that somehow captures the feel of its tabletop roots. Some of the interfaces are a little clunky and the graphics could be better but all in all it's a heck of a lot of fun. man it would be cool if they made a co-op campaign.
Schmegeggi	Recommended	38.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/schmegeggi/	A couple of dozen missions in, humming along, blasting and stomping everything in sight. A few bumps, a few brusises, a lost arm or 3, you know, typical Mechwarrior stuffs.Ooh, what's this? A simple side mission for some scrap and C-bills. Cool.Wait, why would I get dropped in a box canyon with my targets above me? Woah, backup arrives before I even see the target lance?I'm outnumbered 2-1? They crit and hit me with major damage every turn while I barely scrape their paintjob?Oops everyone's dead and my mechs are smoldering wrecks. 10/10 will DFA again! (looking forward to some balance updates for sure)
KloudX10	Recommended	145.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197998671888/	A well made turn-based strategy game with robust management gamplay in between battles. As of 5/10/2018 (two weeks after release) there are still a few bugs to found. However most are being addressed and the for the most part they do not detract from the experience.
tequila	Recommended	58.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198168764338/	Really really good, the combat and the whole managing your own mercenary crew and ship is great. The biggest selling point is the sountrack. Jesus christ does the music make my ears ♥♥♥♥♥♥. Worth the full price.
[CoH] Joker	Recommended	413.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198004011207/	I love Battletech.  Always have.  Been playing it in various forms for almost 30 years.This...  is almost Battletech.  It's close, it has the feel of an Inner Sphere/Periphery mercenary company.  It is incredibly punishing even if you make no mistakes.  The RNG will hate you and do it's utmost to kill your best pilots and Mechs.  Old school players know the phrase "more than 60% of new mercenary companies will not survive their first year".  Merc life is hard, and this does represent that.But there are other, more subtle problems as well, problems that make a long time player of Battletech, Mechwarrior, and MechCommander scratch my head in confusion.-- Weapons have all been increased in damage output apparently just for the sake of seeing big numbers on the screen.-- Weapon damage scaling is not proportionate.  AC/5s are 9x stronger, LRMs and SRMs are only 4x, AC/2s are 12.5x.  This vastly skews the usability of weaponry.-- Armor was not scaled up proportionately either.  Armor is only 4x as strong, meaning weapons tear through you faster.   Much faster.-- AI takes far too long to "think" about each individual move.  Even the rookies will carefully consider every movement, yet then often just walkl straight towards you, ignoring cover or any other tactical benefits.  What was all that extra time for then?-- Battles take place in far too small an area, with too many opponents per fight.  At 2 'skulls' for a mission difficulty, my 210 tons of medium mechs should be able to handle it, albeit with difficulty.  Nope.  I'm immediately outgunned and outnumbered by heavy mechs.  With almost no room to maneuver, you find yourself penned in watching pilots die.Yes, you can withdraw, but you still have to repair.  Without successful missions, you'll never get stronger, never complete the campaign, and never make any progress.-- AI also ignores the very setting it's functioning in.  In Battletech, a Mechwarrior without a Mech was a bad thing.  Pilots were careful about them because no one -wanted- to become Infantry.  Heat management, retreating if damage got too heavy, staying out of the open...  all this is important to an Inner Sphere/Periphery pilot.Not this AI though.  It charges straight at you firing everything it can every time it can, overheating and ignoring the heat damage it takes.   Because the AI knows this opponent is expendable.  Every opponent is expendable and it functions that way.That last point is a major factor in what makes this game so punishing, even on the easiest difficulty.  The player has to manage heat and damage in order to continue playing.  The AI doesn't care about such trivial things.Add to that the aforementioned excessive weight of metal you face in anything but the easiest missions and you see why this game is so difficult.For all that, I'm hopeful the speed and loading issues will be adressed, and I still recommend this game.It's maybe not what i was hoping for when I pre-ordered it, but it'll do.
BuzzKillPB	Recommended	191.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/buzzkillpb/	I have always loved turned based games. I played this game as a table-top game when I was younger. Love this just as much.
SilenNex	Recommended	54.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SilenNex/	Absolutely wonderful storytelling, gameplay is very reminiscent of XCOM
Gath Memvar	Recommended	170.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198005927154/	Product received for free
kingnova3000	Recommended	122.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198006494156/	I'm totally addicted to this game. To finally get a digital version of the classic Battletech tabletop game is a real dream come true. I dont often get invested in single player games, but this one has got my attention. There is some rooms for improvement but the devs have already said they'll be addressing these in not too distant updates. If you're a fan of turn based strategy, mechs, and the rich Battletech lore, then grab this game!
aharmlessbunny	Recommended	298.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197978378185/	I've waited thirty years for this... and it did not disappoint.The variable difficulty means you can never be complacent. Different missions require different tactics and loadouts.The feeling of curbstomping tanks and headshotting other Mechs with AC/20s...Occasional lag, but nothing major.10/10 already put in 160+ hours since launch.
GShock	Recommended	472.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197980852821/	A serious must for all BT fans and a whole lotta better feeling than you'd get from Mechwarrior Online. This game has the potential to become a legend and the release was almost totally bug-free already. The single player experience is good and once you complete it, you can travel to any system, get to any shop, do any mission you find and salvage anything you can. It's basically never-ending. Highly recommended and I think acquiring HB was a good move by PDX for just 7.5M$. I say it's only the beginning so expect expansions here. Don't miss this game as soon as you get a chance... wait for the sales and get it you won't regret it.
nathaniel.hirt	Recommended	104.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198318921048/	Great game, especially after the 1.1 speed updates!  Played through twice, and love the main story.  Getting ready to install and try out the RogueTech mod!!
s.matthijssen	Recommended	106.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198006683054/	Great turn based game. Love the configuration possibilities of mech's.
Chaos Marine	Recommended	103.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197968099168/	This game is simple fun.At the start it was rife with ridiculously long load times which have been improved if not outright fixed though there are still some issues regarding to loading and I know people who refunded or gave up on it because waiting a solid five minutes for a game to load is ridiculous, particularly (while I find the game's visuals to be quite nice) it doesn't seem like that taxing a game in terms of poly count but I could be wrong.The gameplay is largely solid though the way the weapons are balanced is really shoddy. I would have preferred they stuck to the table top's game mechanics as those are as seriously well refined. There was a mod released to make this change but the first proper performance mod made the mod unuseable (quite understandably considering they continued fiddling with the numbers). I will not however that the gameplay at the start is quite simplistic as you're often thrown into fights where you're outnumbered in some cases to a ridiculous degree and the only real tactic available to you is to focus fire everything you have on one mech at a time and at mid-game where you have a decently fitted lance of midium or heavy mechs is where you can try out tactics properly but you rapidly find yourself forced to take a lance of heavy or assault mechs because you cannot honestly risk not having anything that can't potentially core an enemy mech in a single round right up until the end.Next, I seriously hate the limited four mech lance limitation. A better system would have been an optimal tonnage limit to maximise profit/costs etc that doesn't limit your lance size. For example if you take an assault mech and three heavy mechs and are within the optimal tonnage limit, you get your rewards as normal and if you go over, you get a maintenance penalty or perhaps an easier time for the enemy to realise where your mechs are. Or you could have multiple lances of smaller mechs.As for the pilot classes, these were terribly limiting. Multi-targetting should be innate for all mechs as an example but give those in the gunner tree a bonus to them or how the accuracy of placed shots gave you a worse chance of hitting the part you wanted to hit than just blind firing in some cases.The AI is quite simple in that they rush forward to die at your guns and possess little to no sense of personal preservation. I think a good idea for the game would be the option to upload mech configurations and lance configurations and then to have the option to populate the missions with these mechs/lances as the enemy use only the stock configurations which once you know what to do, a bit of the challange goes away.A couple of people I know complained that the turns take too long which is a fair complaint in my opinion and the first performance patch fixed that or at least accelerated the turn but I think a selectable time flow option would have been a better bet.The story is bad. As a vehicle for gameplay and the missions you encounter, it's there. I'm still scratching my head over how someone could get a starship off a planet in less than an hour after it's been left to sit on a moon for who knows how long, that's also had people converting it into a habitat. I just seriously cannot fathom this. The story of the "Restoration" is about as bland and formulaic as you can imagine and every major event is telegraphed with all the subtly of a children's play you've seen a million times before. All of the characters are barely one dimenionsal "good guys", the kind of "noble and selfless" people you see in an old morality PSA from the fifties. Another minor suggestion in regards to the missions, I was quite disappointed that you only once found went after a Star League cache. I had thought that you'd get these special missions every now and again where you might come across a mission that would give you the chance to liberate lostech or if you completed a mission you could maybe unlock small two or three mission sets that could net you some nifty toys rather than every mission being essentially grind/filler content.My only real complaint about the game (and yes, it is a nitpick and no, the performance issues and the unfair fights didn't really bother me much at all) was the including of the they pronoun. Thankfully it was one of maybe two othree bits of SJW nonsense in the or about the game (there are some incredibly sexist, "woke" actions taken by the dev team and how asking why you can't be blonde got people banned from the forums). I don't really see the point of it as non-binary isn't real and people who say otherwise are delusional.With all of this, I enjoyed the game and would recommend it others.
Kit the Kat™	Recommended	69.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198009876564/	LOVE IT! I love floating in space listening to the crew prattle on about random space life. Turn based mech strategy at its finest. GG
Usul	Recommended	126.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198017259002/	That game is GREAT!!! Some people complain about randomization causing hard to hit the target and alll.... after 122 hrs I can't say there is a problem with that. There are some mechanics that make you (or them) hard to hit, and those that make it easier. If you can't win, change your tactics and equipment, thats all. Story is what you expect from Battletech/Mechwarrior universe (there are books worse than that, actually that one could make it in to some 4/5 book). Music theme fills it very well. Good game.On the side note, why there is no battletech universe TV Series, or a movie anywhere?
Sir Garlin	Recommended	77.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198026428101/	It's a good game. Buy it.
Dug Te	Recommended	274.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197990699435/	This game is Epic. Just like playing the FASA table top game.😀
Nightwing_22	Recommended	109.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198000295178/	After playing this game for much of the last week I can say that this is the game I was hoping it would be.  I am immensely enjoying the gameplay and the mission balance.  I also enjoy the challenge of bringing my mech home in one piece often against mech forces that are often above my level as intel was faulty.  Enemies are often reinforced and you have to struggle to stay alive.  Balancing the finances is also challenging as your first impulse is ti buy as many mech, mechwarriors and upgrades as possible, which will inevitably lead your tiny mercenary company into bankruptcy.It is a great game but does currently run slow.  Save loading, Mission Loading, Global Screen Loading and screen transitions seem to all be substandard in loading time.  It is time that would be better spent playing, but patches are already in the pipe to fix these issues.
R4V3-0N	Recommended	40.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/R4V30N/	[this review contains no spoilers on the main story beyond the base tutorial ]GENERAL OVERVIEWBATTLETECH™ is a turn-based strategy game that requires the player to maintain and grow your Mercenary outfit in which you have to manage your C-bills (Battletechs standard currency) with repairs, rearmament, and maintenance of your ancient BattleMechs, as well as the expenses of keeping your ship afloat and paying your mercs'  as well as keeping everything in order ranging from preventing your mech pilots from fighting over a cup of coffee in ship text based events as the days go by...That is half the battle, the other half is on the battlefield that can give you the sweet sweet salvage you are looking for and to earn some C-bills by doing contracts... however not all missions are as they seem at first. The battlefield itself requires great tactical skill in what is strategic outside of battle. You have to manage everything you would expect in this game... where your units go, expecting what the enemy would do in response, your heat which is affected by the environment and terrain, Ammunition, your current armour and weapon status, etc.This takes everything great about BattleTech (the tabletop game) and encapsulates everything of the BattleTech lore and universe. From the text based events too the starmap and the biography of the characters and their story...It gives you a rich BattleTech experience if you are looking for one but do not fret if you do not know all your lore and terms! The game does highlight new terms and words as they are highlighted in the text in which you can hover your mouse over it which will give a drop down text box which fills you in on the details!I would highly recommend this game if you are a fan of the universe and tabletop, or general RTS's! The story of BattleTech is best described as a space ‘Game of Thrones’, if this game sparks your interest in other games then I do suggest MechWarrior: Online for a free to play multiplayer experience and the upcoming game MechWarrior 5: Mercenaries! Both will give a first person experience! As well as buying the BattleTech books or pdf’s too!VISUALS○ Graphics: ★★★★☆, Good!○ Aesthetic: ★★★★★, Great!The Graphics for a TTS game is adequate but some improvements can be made such as to do with the lighting/ shading. Some textures could be improved but overall it is a pleasing to look at game and I am just nitpicking! GAMEPLAY○ Tutorial: ★★★☆☆, Average!○ Controls: ★★★★☆, Good!○ Gameplay: ★★★★★, Great!○ Optimisation: ★★★☆☆, Average!○ Content: ★★★★★, Great!The Tutorial is average, it teaches you the basics of the game for a new timer to a game of this style but anything more advance requires player written tutorials, guides, etc. I heard there is plans for revisions but currently until an update this will be my only comment on the matter. Just remember to eject if things go bad! It’s the button next to the mechs name. The controls do the job well but it isn’t anything too fancy while the Gameplay captures everything great of the tabletop games adequately while also simplifying it including some customisation options for your mechs. The game on release has been rather buggy, mostly dependent on your system and such and this is currently the top priority for the post release updates. This game has a lot of content and I am currently 40 hours in and still yet to find any shimmer of me reaching an end yet! I only lightly played multiplayer and enjoyed it but there is still a lot of the game left for me!DISCLAIMERSTABLE TOP RULE ENTHUSIASTSBattleTech has changed the crit sizes for weapons and mechs in attempt to (and I consider successfully) simplify the mechlab. Some BT fans out there may be upset with this however I think this simplification allows us to not worry of many head-ache things like managing with crit splitting, or making sure you have 10 heatsinks minimum. Etc.All mechs have a stock loadout accurately to their BT counterpart and the external heat sinks have been thrown into the engine. You can play the entire game as if it’s 100% Table Top rules in construction to suit your needs.PRONOUNS“They”, yes. This game allows the user to use “they” as their pronoun along with the two binary ones. Some players for some reason had a large fit over this and over exaggerate the impact of it. It isn’t mandatory to use and you only ever see the option to have it during the character creation menu. Some complain that it is propaganda and so on however it isn’t a gender and it is just a gender neutral term, such words exist in many other countries and languages. After all English does have the most gender neutral words amongst other languages as we do not even have a gendered version of the word table, toilet, car, etc…I find it to be a silly over reaction for those to leave a negative review and even demand a refund or threaten to pirate the game over a singular option in the character creation menu. If it pains you so much you can choose to go to the lengths of modding it out of the game if it upsets you to know it exists there in the character creation menu. However it shouldn’t impact your experience at all.SHOULD YOU BUY IT?I would say this game is a solid yes, by far one of the better games out there and with hopes of future expansions and full fledged campaign DLC’s venturing potentially to other time periods of BattleTech like the Clan Invasion of 3050’s.It is great if you are new or old to BattleTech and the game will only get more optimized and better from now! There has already been some QoL improvements and bug fixes post launch already and it already shows a difference in my so far already bug-less play through.
Soulyss	Recommended	280.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/soulyss101/	Summary:  Simply put, this is a great game.Paradox & HBS have really outdone themselves here, the tactical play is deep, the story is compelling, and the animation/art  style is simple and beautiful.   This universe should allow them to continue to provide new paid for content for long time, and the dev team has already stated it's intent to expand the original game with some additional free content.  Basically the Battletech crew is providing modern gaming the right way.  Deep Upfront Content, with the ability additional content later. Technically the game is pretty polished, most of the complaints I have revolved around some UI improvements, and some minor inconsistencies however they really haven't impacted the game.   The game has been very stable for me running maxed out.It's not often a game delivers fully on it's promise.
Third Owl	Recommended	30.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198005622066/	This game sucks because it has women and brown people in it and they let you pick your pronoun.Just kidding -- can you imagine how dumb you'd have to be to believe that?  This game is incredible, one of the best turn-based tactics/strategy games I've played in years.  If you like XCOM or mechs or strategy games in general, there's a very good chance you'll enjoy it.  The turns do tend to run a little slow (I can give orders to my entire XCOM squad in the time it takes for one mech to take its turn here) but that's really my only complaint right now.
Chrithu	Recommended	77.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ChrisT1981/	Ok so after one complete playthrough of the story it is time to write my review of this.If you like BattleTech and/or Mechwarrior this is a must buy. They nailed all the essentials (company Management, Mech customization, actuall battle) and wrote a good story to drive things forward.If you are not accustomed with anything BattleTech or Mechwarrior here is a word of warning: There is a steep and probably frustrating learing curve ahead of you and sadly HBS fumbled on tutorials top get you up to speed. You should hold out until a sale or until a patch improves the tutorial. If you want to try anyways make sure to read some of the guides on heat managmenet and mech customization.Good things:Good story. It is not as superb as for instance "Shadowrun: Dragonfall", but still a nice and thrilling story that keeps up the momentum.The actual battles are tactically challenging, especially the story missions are well orchestrated.Company management and it's influence on  the actual battles is surprisingly deep. Didn't expect that level of depth.~50 hours of fun to get through the story and afterward it is open ended. You can continue with what you earned through the storyline to take contracts and hunt for Mechs.Expansions and QOL improvements are already announced.Totally forgot: The soundtrack. I bought the Special edition DLC to get the SOundtrack for the main menu song alone.Meh things:In a lot of places you see they could have done more if they had more time, people and money. Especially that virtually every non story contract pits against anonymous pirates or just a handful of random events while you travel from system to system.Utter absence of any kind of side story. The main gig is long enough, but some nice side stories to fill in the time between the priority missions would be nice. The random contracts tend to be repetitive after a while.Bad things:Bad tutorial. The first mission only gives the bare minimum overview about controls. A lot of important information is hidden in unvoiced, long text conversations with your crewmembers afterward. I know my Mechs as a long time player of the PC Games in the BattleTech Universe, but I imagine that a new player will have a very hard time, as the reviews on RPS for instance prove.Unexpectedly low performance at times. I run an I7 7700K, a GTX 1060 and 32GB  of ram and the game runs from my SSD and I can't get this game to run above 70 FPS and I regulary have hickups where it just stops for a few seconds (outside of the regular poauses during turns). Also it has strangely long load times.All in all this is a solid 8/10 game that most probably will get a lot better even through patches and expansions. Here's to hoping that MW5 will be an equaly solid affair by the end of the year.
BeelzeBob	Recommended	115.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198024630019/	I like this a lot more than the game of "take cover" called XCOM.  YMMV
Magravan	Recommended	262.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198029400948/	I've enjoyed it quite a bit. I liked the original Battletech, and this definitely scratched that itch. I don't think that being into Tabletop Battletech is necessary to enjoy it, but I can say that it helped appreciate some of the backstory.
Tygonius	Recommended	89.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197966266185/	Nice and straightforward. I wish this game financial success :)
Wulf145	Recommended	168.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198046041918/	I like it and hope that it will be expanded with new campaigns.  [Update] Having Completed the main campaign I still hartely recomend the Game, if you are someone likes a mix of taktical, squad based Combat and having to maintainyour equipment then you will like this game.
Mike	Recommended	223.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198039604262/	I really enjoy the game.  So far the storyline is decent, and the mech customization is farliy consistent with the latter half of the battletech PC gaming systems.  I can't seem to find a built in voice chat for the multiplayer, wich is a but of a downer, and I miss the iconic (for me at least) mechs of old such as the whm-3r and variants, phx and mad class mechs.  But, of course I also understand why too.  I also miss the really odd variants of certain mechs like the jump capable trebechet (which I have yet to try and make) or the LRM hunchback (which always tended to be a nasty surprise for those not familiar).    I have seen rumors of expanding out the universe and updates for expanding out the timeline.  If that is to include the clan invasion of 3050 I am concerned with how that would affect gameplay balance.  HIstorically for my gaming experience the odds were 2 inner sphere mechs to take out a clan unit of equal weight.  Anyhow, just my thoughts on the game so far.  Happy hunting. 
DarkMiso	Recommended	80.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197976865842/	Excellent game from start to finish. If you like turn based games or if you are into this universe, then definitel suggested to pick it up.Only painpoint is the somewhat long animations, which could make the battles a bit long. Everything else is close to perfect to me, take it up for a ride, might be worth of your time
DarkMiso	Recommended	80.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197976865842/	Excellent game from start to finish. If you like turn based games or if you are into this universe, then definitel suggested to pick it up.Only painpoint is the somewhat long animations, which could make the battles a bit long. Everything else is close to perfect to me, take it up for a ride, might be worth of your time
oygn	Recommended	26.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/oygn/	Yeah, the story is a bit battletechy clische, but hey this is Battletech after all with all those lostec treasures hunting, betrayals and everything we loved. The tactics is great, mech customisation is great. Overall the game is super cool.
mhroth	Recommended	120.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198028622774/	I am loving this game. I don't know what people are complaining about, both pre-v1.1 and post. The random missions can be repetitive, but there is also a lot of flexibility on the part of the player to seek out more difficult missions. Great experience, and I'd recommend this came to anyone who likes tatical turn-based strategy games.
Pyaan	Recommended	139.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198012200057/	Fantastic game. Similar mechanics to XCom.Feels good like a mech warrior game should feel. Strategic and engaging.
Michael24	Recommended	88.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/michaelcheng24/	From mid-late gameBasically, every. mission.''This looks like a prime spot for an ambush, commander.''''We are going in for the C-bill.''''Yeah.''10/10 will get ambushed again for money
Josh	Recommended	252.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198047845191/	Gameplay can be a bit slow, and there is some chugging from some unoptimized code. But the gameplay is a blast, and as a fan of the franchise since I was a kid, this game is a worthy continuation. Excellent strategy game.
Pendraco	Recommended	61.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197970544863/	This game is awesome, so far i've played around 60 hours and im not close to being done with the campaign. It plays and reminds me of the oldschool battletech boardgames and such. Of course it still is quite different, things tweaked to better fit a faster paced game. The difficulty though.. this game is ♥♥♥♥ing hard, even though they patched the game with a difficulty slider i cant bring myself to use it because it feels like cheating. Its not just that im horrible at the game (im bad, but not THAT bad) It really gets in the way of the enjoyment of the game, just frustrating. But when you finally do beat the level its very rewarding.
azmandar	Recommended	17.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198013144150/	Old School Battletech with new graphics and voice.  Very well done.  If you ever liked the old turnbased board game or early turnbased computer games you will likly enjoy this.  If you liked the realtime robot simulator versions of Robotech this is not them.   A Great Tactical game with options to build your squad and manage your weapons (mechs)   For those who want a more modern comparison I would say it has some similarities to the latest XCOM games.
DoomEngine	Recommended	93.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198018701250/	I've waited a long time for a game like this, being a player of the old FASA game back in the day- never thought this would come to be. Now that it's here...It's tough.A lot has changed from my TT years- rules, weapons, mechs, all of it...but I still yearn for that lore experience, that feeling of something bigger than myself.This game has it.I've since restarted my experience with the game, and have tried to be more cautious, more precise. These seem to be the values the game appreciates. Run in, and you'll be rekt- HARD. This is a true BT battlefield, and the AI pulls no punches. Your strong mechs WILL be focused on, your snipers WILL be spotted. You have to think on the run, mold the field to your will- find that weak spot, or chokepoint...In short, it's a brilliant adaptation of the Battletech universe. If you're a veteran, you may hate it- because it doesn't have all the bells and whistles. If you're new, the learning curve may frustrate you. I'd recommend this to PATIENT TBS gamers, and lovers of big, stompy robots.
ScavengerOfSouls	Recommended	17.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198005389753/	Great game, exactly the original tabletop role playing game. Awesome campaign, a mix of strategy in battle and managing ressources, rest, money, etc.I tried the multiplayer for the first time yesterday and was able to play a fun game that lasted about 30 minutes.today cannot get a game...so Only wish would be to get a better multiplayer crowds, and make the game for 2vs2 and 4vs4 on multiplayer would be awesome...if we can find the players..
valefor_sdad	Recommended	151.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198003381569/	120.7 hrs on record.This game is not perfect, but it is fun, and has limitless (afterstoryfinished) random missions killing mechs.It is worth the asking price.
cvonsturm	Recommended	49.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198035131725/	nice to play if you are heading for suspense and unfinished holes in materia. ;)
cornstarch28	Recommended	307.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197976510067/	I have always loved the Battletech universe. Every payday, 19 years ago, I was at the local comic book shop looking for anything Battletech related to spend my minimum wages on. I still have all Tech Manuals and Pewter figures all these years later. Playing something like this brings back quite a bit of nostalgia I had all those years ago. The Vanilla game is good, not quite the same as the original ruleset, but a decent "reboot" of the classic table top game without getting into the weeds. It does a lot of things well, and the same number of things poorly. ( Kinda slow in spots, but meh, I play farming sims too. So no biggy there ) The main story for the most part is in classic battletech story fashion. Once you complete the story the map feels a bit limited and the missions become repeatable. However, where this platform excels, is in the Mods. I spent maybe a good 20 - 30 hours going through the main campaign, then I found the RougeTech Mod. That has easily increased my play time by 10 Fold. The mod is still in production and changes are applied often. Sometimes you can get kicked in the teeth and other times you come out a head by a wide margin. But then again, that is why I play Battletech.
Airwind	Recommended	105.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/airwind/	This game has all the right ingredients and team to make it right. Value for money for what you paid for.The story leaves much to be desired. Too simple and linear.Very hopeful the next installment will be great!
doctor_jah	Recommended	264.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198255287608/	Game is good, though once you finish the main campaing not much else can be done. Hopefully there will be some future DLCs adding more content.
Zardon	Recommended	623.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197982468789/	This is a great game and they just keep improving it. This is a BATTLETECH game filled with Lore, Choices, and 'Mechs! Would I like more 'mechs? You betcha, but it was a great game and I can't wait to see where it goes from here.
BigBools	Recommended	15.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197968360228/	Bloody brilliant game! I've played Battletech for many years, from its origins as a tabletop wargame, to mechwarrior, Battletech on the SNES and now this.  It captures the style and setting perfectly, with pretty good looking visuals, and audio to match it.  The campaign is very good, and you can pretty much play the game however you like.  I like my fast light mechs!! If you are after a deep, and at time difficult RTS game, with a rich history and story, buy this game.  9 outta 10
Mister_AltF4	Recommended	20.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198038194766/	Fresh air, nice game and story. Well designed, and has some depth, just as much as needed. I totally recommend it to someone who likes turn based tactical games. For some reason it reminds me of Panzer General 1-2. I feel just as excited playing this game as I felt back then.
Sinner6	Recommended	96.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197982059072/	I really liked this implementation of Battletech, and see it as a strong foundation for further growth.  The hand built story missions are very well done.  I never really got any use out of light mechs, but used all the other classes a bunch.  The gameplay hooked me well enough, but the presentation of the story could likely be improved by streamlining the dialogues.
charadegt/mitsaras	Recommended	45.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198314968672/	hard but super
Artemion	Recommended	89.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198044789436/	This is a great game, in a unique setting, with a deep story.
PhoenixLilitu	Recommended	199.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198198808610/	this is an amazing game welll writen story leaving the reader & gamer eager for more.... MORE LORE MORE MECHS MORE CHALLENGES ... this is epick fun for all all age's with enough to the the bug kids happy too.. a must buy for any Battletch fan, stop replaying old victors in your mind.. go multy player to challenge foes once again
Shiny gyrados	Recommended	50.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198103317742/	Takes a minute to get into, and requires some thought to get your head around effctive tactics, but once you do this game is deeply engrossing.
B4twing	Recommended	257.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198036152709/	Do I recommend this game: TOTALLY YES, however, i do not believe is for everyone, so in my humble opinion, read below to see if this fits your game style.I want to start saying i played almost 27 hours so far and I can consider myself a veteran of Battlech / Mechwarrior, having played every game on this subject since MW 1 many many moons ago...I know what to expect or better, what I would like to expect from a Battletech Universe game, as well I have been disappointed so many times, especially in the recent past by MWO which is the worst incarnation ever of what a Battletech universe game could offer.Ok, now about Battlech, WHY you should like it (Campaign mode):•The Scarcity: you have very little available, components to repair your mechhs are rare, as well you are very restricted to what customization you can do, because of scarcity, however you travel a large universe and all systems have Markets, you may find some very rare item here and there. It is not only a challenge, it is really interesting.•It is Difficult: if you thought XCOM was difficult, welcome to Battletech. If you like this kind of challenge, where your decision really matters, from taking a contract, to buy too many items you don t need, to schedule your Mech maintenance in the wrong way, then you will LOVE this game.the challenge comes way before entering the battlefield.•Customizing is Rich, Balanced and Realistic. This is the way it should have been for a real Battletech experience, and they succeeded here in full.you can customize mechs to a certain extent, but there are some limits can t be override, therefore a Light will always be a Light, so a Medium and so on and on.. They have their role on the battlefield and you cannot create irrational “monsters” as it happened on many versions of BT / MW games in the past. Just BEAUTIFUL.•The battlefield experience is awesome. Someone could say is a 21st century chess game, maybe is true, however it really gives the feeling of how much matters every mistakes you make.You have only 4 units and you will be most of the times overpowered by a strong AI. AI IMO is well balanced, is strong but not unbeatable. You may find some tricks to use against it and even that is a process of learning and being able to apply and perform the trick, it is not a “cheat mode” and it can fail.•Your combat style will cost you money. In this game you have to learn to move, disengage, try to limit damages and do not overextend, and that is for real. Everything you do has a price on your Merc Comp later on.•Once you get at the end of a difficult fight is immensely REWARDING. Just yesterday I had a mission lasted slightly more than one hour. I admit is a surprise, because  my Merc Comp is still young, we have few basic mechs, just Mediums to face difficult challenges, so.. everything is really difficult now. But the way the fight went on, adrenaline, tension, surprise… the feeling everything could be lost toward the end.. 2 gimpy mechs, one with a torso so open a sneeze could make it explode, but yet holding an AC20++, so it coouldn t steer away from the fight… every single shot counts… insane feeling. Back home with 2 heavily injured pilots but still alive, 2 mechs damaged so badly it took  almost 3 months to get them back on line…  and now thinking.. “how I am gonna pay the bills for the next 2 months???” …. This is a PRICELESS experience I didn t have in a game in Ages.So, if you feel you may enjoy a game like this, oh yeah… this is a Epic Must. I could go on and on.if your style of game is more about Action, don t think too much, run and shoot, even very fast pace RTS games… HELL NO, don t even think about this game….. 
Kahldris	Recommended	147.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198011333889/	This game is awesome!!!!!!!!I never played the battletech table top game. But man this is sick, if you are a fan of strategy games (i assume you are if your reading this) you will loke this game.Further more the turn base combat is rather smooth. I saw someone complaining about the cutscenes during battle.The thing is is if you take a second to go to options they have a awwsome feature. Slides, thats right you dont need to turn off the cutscenes for moving or mechs falling down or whatever you can just adjust the slide for how often they happen. Its a awesome feature so that you can adjust how to how you like it.Go devs man, my only complaint is that the battles got easy pretty quick as ive gotten down the strats. However tjat keans i need to focus on harder contracts and i habe a feeling when ik not facing locusts, commandos and panthers anymore♥♥♥♥♥♥will get hard quick.
Vorpal DM	Recommended	286.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/vorpaldm/	I'm loving the dual-level aspect of the campaign - being the XO of a merc unit, managing its finances, picking and choosing between contracts, and then diving down into the mech build-outs and then into the tactical turn-based scenarios. HBS has made all of it enjoyable. I don't consider any of it to be a grind.Admittedly I haven't played the skirmish portion of the game, so I have no opinion on that yet.
Convoy	Recommended	123.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197967380885/	Great game
no mames	Recommended	93.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197963701617/	Upon completing the story I had realized that the story mode was more of a training mode which aims to show you all the mechanics of the game, depending on your pace this could be six hours or in my case twenty or so hours since I wanted to be a bit extra leveled up when doing the main story missions. At the end of the campaign you should be sporting at least two lances of heavy and assault mechs a capable ship and leveled up crew in which you'll use to explore the other 90% of the map you didn't touch in the story missions. I love the game itself and it's a must have for anyone that enjoys the series and tabletop game or just like turn based strategy games. If you own XCOM you'll like this game but it's nowhere near perfect. The game lacks a lot of variety in missions, all of which can be summed up by "kill all other mechs" or "destroy the base and all other mechs". Story missions sometimes involve killing all mechs and bases but with a timer. I was excited one mission where my goal was to make it to an evac with only one member needing to survive which I found out I could beat by simply killing all other mechs and another where you had to hold out for x amount of time which was fun, but I've never seen that type of mission reappear since that one story mission. Eventually you'll start seeing the same maps and knowing where all the ridges,valleys and defensible rock outcrops are despite being on totally differen't maps. The voice acting is great but is rarely there, most of the time you have to read the terrible writing which you can easily skip because all dialog leads to the same conclusions, it's a more boring version of the mass effect style of dialog that doesn't really make sense in the way it's used. I'm putting this game on hold for awhile because I simply love it enough to wait for hopefully some updates to make the game less repetitive and hopefully some more mission variety before I go exploring the remaining half of the map. Most the issues I have with the game are very insignificant with the 80+ hours I got in it so far however.
Nyarl Q Thotep	Recommended	279.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197996404741/	This is a fair adaptation of a seminal board game of the way back whens. If you liked that game, you'd probably like this one too.If you hate turn-based games or robot destruction with damage tracking then you won't like this. It can be punishing and alternatively rewarding if you know or can learn how to maifest your intentions against your enemies.The variance of the encounteres comes from different worlds where weapons disipate heat at different rates which can dissapate heat differently and the variety of reconfigurable rockemsockem robots. Also, the strategic meta-game of not having your mercenary buisness fail can punish you as well.This game gets a recomendation from me because I like this sort of thing, but if you don't like turn based games in futurish scifi worlds with some consideration given to the physices involved in fighting with giant robots dropped on alien biomes to fight for the exclusive rights to salvage and potentially profit their buisness through the execution of one's tactics then this might not be your bag.Looking around other reviews I had some thoughts I wanted to add. It's rediculous to claim a plot writen entirely 25 years ago has a contemporary political agenda. That's brilliant trend prediction or magic crystal ball stuff and should be commended and not a bad mark for scifi writing.Some tips; Repair your mechs on your way to your asignment so you can save on your payroll expenses. Cash is the energy that giant robots run on. That was the game from I was playing in the 80s, and this can game can be cash punishing. It can lead you to reject some asignments for a variety of reasons. If you don't have a good relationship with a particular faction, they might think that you are sheep for the mine fields set by their enemy. Threat evaluations? Could be misinformation. Mechs are the greatest cash value because of the amount you can sell them for when you have 3 out of 3 parts of that unit. So small mechs can be pretty useful in that respect.If you can figure out how you are loosing then you can find a way to win. It isn't rocket science but if your enemy is bringing more firepower to bear more quickly than you are then they can drop your mechs probably every time and different drop biomes will result in different prevelent tactics becausse relative firepower will change in terms of damage and substainability. And just to restate; this game universe was conceived of last century. People that have emotional issues about modern politics are ok but wrong to project their modern concerns onto this dated material from the 1980s and 90s, when I was young and playing with model giant robots with dice and pencils like a normal kid.
Shagen	Recommended	69.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/azrlmaster/	Very solid tactical strategy game - honestly can't recommend it enough if you like the genre or the world of Battletech!
Helepolis	Recommended	37.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/vascus/	 Background: For those who are newcomers to the franchise, Battletech can be summed up as Game of Thrones  meets Giant F***ing Mechs.  A massive oversimpification to be sure, but it should give a somewhat proper mental image of House courts and politicians using warriors in ancient and powerful machines to defeat their enemies. The year is 3025 and the extent human inhabited space, known as the Inner Sphere has been embroiled in a series of wars that have lasted nearly a thousand years, technology has regressed, and aristocrats posture their alleged glories and promises whilst working behind the scenes to undermine their rivals either through murder or intimidation. Mercenaries are often the individuals called upon where the work is too dirty for House militaries to participate in.  Besides the military elite of the Successor States/ Great Houses are Merchant Guilds, Mercenary Corporations, Splinter States and Periphery Realms (the frontier of human inhabited space, a metaphorical line in the sand where the glory days of human colonization ground to a halt.)This is where Battletech takes place, away from the heart of the Inner Sphere lies the Aurigan Reach, a Rimward Periphery State numbering some 23 systems. Meager compared to other more powerful periphery states like the Magistracy of Canopus and the Taurian Concordat, and infinitesimally smaller than the Great Houses, the ancient Successor States that have persisted through the fall of the legendary Star League, and have waged war for centuries.You are a Mercenary and for whatever reason, you call the Aurigan Reach your home. It is up to you to make a name for yourself, and your growing crew in a territory rife with intrigue and civil war. What kind a name you want for yourself, is entirely up to you, and whatever likeminded crew you can scrounge up, who you want to support in a conflict, or undermine, will bring rewards and new challenges with them, all of it, your choice.Gameplay: The game functions similar to XCOM and other Turn-based strategy games of its like, both having an overworld map that allows for the customization and management side of the game; and then there's the battle map, where you get your delightful salvage and blood money. eplay: To quote a particular Mercenary by the name of Specter "We're leaving with our mechs, and yours, strapped to a salvage truck."Now this is where the beauty of the game truly shines, underneath all of the oil, shredded metal and gore filled cockpits. The reality of the Mercenary playstyle is that, you are a business first and foremost. You may be assisting a rebel cause in all of this, but you can't do that without funds and reputation. Picking your battles wisely and when the game throws you a wild card, your either have to be ready, or dip and dive, emphasis on the dip. Understand your goal in each mission, salvage, credits, or reputation and or some mixture of both. Battletech comes down to one solid defining factor, in both the battle map and the navigation and management of the Argo (your ship and base of operations). The undeniable reality of mercenary life in an unforgiving stretch of the void, attrition.  Every engagement comes with a cost, you have to figure whether or not the payout outweighs the cost. Getting hit is a reality of the game, you're going to lose armor, a lot of it. But if you hurt the meat, and the metal too much, the cost starts to ramp up exponentially and retreat might be ideal. Gameplay is slow, methodical and deeply tactical. Every bit of damage you receive, or injury your crew takes, is less money towards your pay out, and possibly a hit to morale. Your conditions steadily improve over time, but Merc life is never smooth sailing.Now, this is where some of my criticisms are laid bare. The game does a particularly poor job at integrating you into these systems, and often assumes some previous knowledge of the universe and what everything does. Luckily, I'm so deep down the lore hole that I can practically call it a second home, so this wasn't at all strange to me, for others, mileage may vary, both in experience in the series or other games similar.Mech lab especially is less than stellar at explaining hardpoints, heat efficiency, tonnage, armor values, heat sinks, weapon roles and so on. This is something of a ridiculous oversight by Harebrained Schemes, but I guess their name fits. There is a tooltip available, but it seems to hinder more than it helps for some. I had friends who are complete newcomers to the franchise where they can easily get lost in this game's systems and any other Mechwarrior/Battletech game, for no fault of their own, its something of  a trend. But pain is a great teacher, this game feels even more like guerilla fighting than XCOM 2 did, and that was its whole shtick. (But honestly, its mostly because I'm a pu$$y and I don't want my beautiful metal babies to be damaged) So, stick through the learning experience and you'll find a deeply rewarding gem here.Turns can take FOREVER, there are odd animation and cinematic camera choices that tend to draw out given orders. This can be managed in the settings, but I feel it should have been lighter by default. A single mission can take nearly 45 minutes to an Hour at times, but I was sort of hoping for that, its reminiscent of the nerdy dudes talking about their "To Hit Modifiers." it sort of captures that feel and it makes me smile.  Go into settings, cut that nonsense down, ain't nobody got time for that.Skill progression for your pilots is pretty linear, but every pilot has their specializations, meaning they won't pick up certain skills down a stat line, but the passive bonuses may still be worth taking. I.e. recoil modifier for ACs in Guts. Presentation: The game's cutscenes are done in the traditional Paradox Interactive style game trailers that feel like a motion comic. They convey what they need to and they can pull at the heartstrings (at least for me) They're pretty, simple and get the job done and have an undeniable humanityto them, even in their simplicity.I love the soundtrack, congratulations to Jon Everist for making something that encapsulates the series so well. It has a refined orchestral sound, and sometimes tribalistic mystical  elements to it. Harkening back to some of the older Mechwarrior tracks, making good usage of unsettling ambience and acoustic guitar.The graphics and effects are nothing mindblowing, but they are enjoyable. Many of them are (presumably)  modified assets from Pirannha Games renditions of the BattleMechs, as to reduce production costs and give greater seamless transition between the series I'd imagine. Battletech/ Mechwarrior has a somewhat ugly history of redesigning certain mechs for a variety of reasons, either for legal issues or artisic liberties.  Impression: The game is undeniably Battletech, this is the game I've been waiting a long time for. It is assuredly not perfect, but HBS has plenty of time to iron any weird, convoluted, or gratuitous systems and design choices. There is an obvious intent for support for this game to continue just like Stellaris and HOI4, we've been "assured" the DLC policy will be completely different, but time will tell.GPU: GTX 980CPU: Intel (R) Core (TM) i7-6700k 4.5 GHz Memory: 32 GB RAM (4x 8GB DDR3)Resolution: 1920x1080 60Hz
roe	Recommended	133.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198045957125/	Excellent and very playable BattleTech (the tabletop) interpretation, similar in structure to the X-COM series in that you manage a company of Mechs, but you get to spend most of your time in tactical battles.  I feel that they were quite successful in making it accessible to players who are new to BattleTech as well as interesting enough for the BattleTech fan crowd (I guess I am something in between).This game has beautiful and thoughtful character and story design.  I especially like the way Dr. Farah Murad is introduced awesomeness first, picture later, breaking through some stereotypes.  I also like the Mech engineer character a lot, Yang.  Furthermore, the intro play sequences serve both as an excellent story line and a basic tutorial without feeling lengthy or boring.  Job very well done in this departement.The UI could use improvement.  There is no "rebuild this Mech according to the standard template" button, you have to check the defaults in a popup menu and then build that manually.  Also, you cannot buy missing parts from the shop while you are configuring your Mech, you need to do that prior to starting to configure a Mech.  In the battle UI, weapon min/opt/max ranges are not easily available in the UI when you need them. Also I don't see much in terms of configurable quick-access buttons, like fire groups or similar things which could make play a bit more smooth after the first few hours in the pilot seat.  The shop selling UI takes ages to load when you have amassed a few items.The single player campaign is unforgiving enough that it presents a challenge. You not only want to win the battles, but to win them without too much damage or injuries, or you'll be out of business before long. I like how this discourages thoughtless "all in" approaches and forces you to play more thoughtful tactics, taking into account the strengths and weaknesses of the Mechs, exploiting terrain and pilot special abilities. While the campaign map is in theory open and you can travel freely, traveling is prohibitively expensive in early and mid game, so basically you cannot really afford to go to other planets in search of other missions, making the choice of missions you can accept at any given time in the game too limited. In late game on the other hand, money does not matter anymore, while you are trying to get your fourth Assault Mech complete or get those +++ weapons that you want.There is a major design flaw in this game: Tonnage. Bigger is almost always better here. There are no tonnage limits that would force you to take those weight vs performance balance tradeoffs of original BattleTech. You will only choose a light mech for retrieval missions if you want to tackle them in a "run through" approach. Typically, you can also complete the same missions using heavier mechs by just fighting your way through. There is no "bang for the buck" mechanic around tonnage in campaign mode. For the same reason, except for perhaps the very last two missions, you will never need more than six mechs ready in your roster. It's a shame for all those useless engineering upgrades.Mac gamers rejoice, this beauty runs even on the oldest Apple-supported release, El Capitan, despite the High Sierra minimum stated.  Albeit neither extra pretty (battle) nor extra fluid (cut scenes), it is still okayish playable on an early 2015 MacBook Pro (Intel Iris Graphics 6100) on low video settings.  Would definitely recommend better specs though unless you are here primarily for the BattleTech universe and tactics, not the eye candy.All in all very happy with this purchase.
mario vallee	Recommended	477.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mariovallee/	What a great game. I want more campaigns like that. And PLEASE, Bring back Mech Commander :)
J Benjimin	Recommended	117.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jbenjimin/	I've had the game a week now and I  am really enjoying the campain right now, learning the mechs and tactics. Once I feel I have a handle on them I'll see what the online skirmish mode is like. Love that I have time to figure out my move and see the odds of hitting from different locations before I commit to an action.
merisai	Recommended	157.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/cooperthompson/	Pros:+ Artwork of cutscenes is amazing+ Mech animations (especially love the fact that when standing sideways on an inclined slope, the mech legs actually reflect how a person would be standing.+ Mech and pilot customization (MechLab)+ Overall gameplay is great.+ My Dekker is still alive.Cons:- No Raven (my favorite mech). :(- No Quads ;)  @mitchgitWhile not exactly about the game itself, I do really like how transparent HBS is about what they are doing, and why.  The Q&A podcats about the game, as well as the post-launch announcements about what fixes they are prioritizing really helps build a positive relationship between the players and the studio.
Malakarz	Recommended	89.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198257920482/	Great Game!
drew.forestry	Recommended	167.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198029977124/	Been a fan of the universe for 25 years and this is one of the most faithful reproductions of it.
MartinusV2	Recommended	310.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197971322805/	I am a big Battletech fan. Played on the table top when I was young.  So this game mechanics brings back those times. I love the campaing so far.  You have to take your time an explore the UI. There is alot of informations about evasion, covers battlemech info that you can miss. Once you where to look, you don't get trashed that much and  can make alot better strategies.One of my first Mech game was the original Mechewarrior. It had at the time some of the most popular Battlemechs. The Locust, Jenner, Phoenix Hawk, Shadow Hawk, Rifleman, Warhammer, Marauder and the Battlemaster.  When I played in the closed beta, I was able to  play with the Marauder mech (because it's one of my all time favorite). I am sad to not see some of the popular Battemech (Rifleman, Warhammer and Marauder) not in the list of playable mech.  It must be because of the lwsuits they had  I think and I am pretty sure it is not the fault of Harbrained Schemes.One thing I hope, is to see some DLC with more chassis, mission types and planets. And see more scenarios that advance in time. One thing nice is when you read the conversation with your crew, there are some high lighted  sentence that when you over the mouse on them you get lore informations of the Battletech universe that is very nice.  I wish there would have a codex screen that would explain more the history of the game for the player that do not know the lore. The skirmish mode is nice to try some battlemechs and learn how to manage them. The multiplayer part I did not try since I am more of a solo player.So congrats to Harebrained Schemes for a Battlemech game I was long waiting for, and looking forward for more.
Tempestus	Recommended	80.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/tempestus0079/	- Faithful adaptation of the tabletop game- Fun to play- Flawed by choice of Unity Engine, becomes repetitive at times- Very likely to recieve DLCs/ExpansionsFans of Tactical games and anything that has to do with giant robots should consider purchasing it, at the very least when it goes on sale. 
John McFly	Recommended	193.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197992782012/	If you love strategy or turn-based games, the Battletech IP, previous Mechwarrior/MechCommander games, etc, buy this game, enjoy the campaign, and wait for patches and community content. I've extremely glad that I backed this game on Kickstarter.
metaphase-iwnl-	Recommended	51.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/theknightbluedragon/	Big robots and big guns, what's not to like?
Wazat1	Recommended	102.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/wazat/	Edit: I should note that today (6/21/2018) they pushed out a quality of life update that may fix a lot of the slow pacing that wore me down.  I had a good time with Battletech, and battle speed was by far my main complaint; with that fixed, I suspect it will treat players quite well.A good game that kept me interested.  The main problem is the infuriatingly slow pace of combat.  If they fix that then it will be a reason to reinstall.  The second serious problem is the unreliable difficulty curve.  One 4.5-difficulty mission is a cakewalk, then I nearly get mass-murdered by a 4-difficulty mission because the algorithm decided 8 fully armored heavy and assault mechs would be easier than killing 4 pre-damaged pirate mechs.  And there's never any clear indication of which missions will be trivial vs which will be suicide.Story kept me interested, and I liked doing random battles and whatnot.  It opens up to a freeplay mode where I can fly anywhere now, which is nice.  But the difficulty curve problems in the random missions and the agonizingly slow combat (with pauses at every possible opportunity) have me quitting here.  Maybe I'll come back if the developers make combat about 10x faster, and fix the absurdly random difficulty.I'm sad that I had to muzzle my battlemech pilots.  Glitch in particular added a lot of personality to a fight.  But the fact that the game would halt all activity for *even longer*, just to listen to each mech pilot jabber about every action they perform... no.  Never again.  Tongues cut out, mouths sewn shut.  I'll never hear them again.  Combat is that infuriatingly slow.  Every feature you can cut to speed it up becomes mandatory.Also?  It's a Unity game.  That means find where it stores its saves, and delete all but the last few.  Do this every time you play.  And turn off steam cloud saves (very important).  Otherwise the game will take 5 minutes to load the save game menu every time you want to load a save.  Because that's how Unity does its saves -- load everything from disk and chew on it for an eternity while the UI seizes up.So I suppose that's 3 serious problems that need fixing: Slow combat, Nonsense difficulty spread, and Unity's default load/save system.Conclusion: Great game that needs a hell of a lot of polish.  It will try your patience.  It's a mark of success that despite all its debilitating problems, it kept me interested long enough to finish it and then some -- 100 hours.  But I can tell you, after a few battles, you will be turning off every camera and voice feature that slows down battle pacing.  You won't have a choice... it's that or walking away from the game entirely.I hope the developers are able deliver on their intent to fix these issues.  Obviously the game was made with a lot of heart by people who care a lot about their product, so I'm optimistic.  But I'll unfortunately have moved on to other games by then, so all that post-game content will go un-sampled.  A Hat in Time and Divinity: Original Sin 2 call to me.  As do approximately a billion other games in my library.  ;)  So again, worth noting that despite its crippling problems, this game held my attention and patience for 100 hours, despite trying both (it helped to take long breaks in between play sessions, playing some other game).  It's a pretty decent game, all things considered.If you're looking for other games like this one, BTW, I strongly recommend Front Mission 4 on the Playstation 2 (avoid the Front Mission Evolved game; it's garbage).  I can also recommend the Armored Core games, but I forget which ones are good and there's a ton of 'em.
hungtran16	Recommended	130.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198078910500/	I really enjoyed this game. I played the table top game when I was a kid. They really did a great job brining this franchise to pc. The mechanics of this game was very well done. In the age of so many action rpg and fast paced mmos, I didn't think I had the patience to play turn based games anymore but this game proved me wrong. When I played the first few missions, I didn't think the graphics were that great. But what I didn't realize is that each mission takes place at different times of the day. Night missions and dawn or sunset missions look amazing. The lighting features of this game really makes a huge difference. It makes the missles, lasers and explosions look and feel impactful. Just finished the story campaign last night. I really had alot of fun. It had alot of depth. I also thought that the mech pilot voice acting in the battles was cool. Glitch's comments in battle are hilarious. Hopefully there will be a DLC coming out soon! *keeps fingers crossed*
Brairn	Recommended	314.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197983568803/	It's a good game that'll be great once the mod community does a balanced, in-depth overhaul.
Flameraiser	Recommended	55.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198077923874/	To put it shortly, Battletech is a great game that could have been SO much more. I very much recommend it, but also lament that it falls short of what it COULD have been.The game mostly delivers on the actual "use big hulking mechs to shoot other big mechs to smithereens" and "manage your mercenary company"-fronts. Graphics and audio are fine: they do the job more than well enough. It's the mechanics around the basic premise of the game where Battletech is lacking.My biggest complaints, in no particular order,- The character creation. While I've not finished the game (on the contrary, somewhat early on in the main plot still) the background for your character only provides some extra dialogue options and determines your starting skills. Since you can max out all skills and earlier levels are so cheap you likely have one high skill and others very close to each other this matters even less. Essentially the game makes you put in some effort to build a background for your character and happily proceeds to do nothing meaningful with it. You don't even get any reputation bonus/malus with the faction you originate from.- Majority of the dialogue doesn't matter. Hell, you can redo most of it just to see all the different variations if you want. Every time the plot progresses you get a few more bits of dialogue with everyone, but it doesn't actually affect anything. The only times when dialogue matters is when you get a random event - which seem to be ludicrously rare - where your decision makes some minor difference like raising/lowering morale or giving temporary boost/penalty to specific pilot(s).- The NPCs don't matter. The logical outcome of the dialogues not mattering. They're just there to give the optional tutorial dialogues more character and to drop some lore of the world. The lore itself is pretty interesting (YMMV) so the fact the dialogue doesn't matter is that much more annoying. It's a shame because I LIKE most of the characters. Their designs ooze with flavor that mostly goes to waste since at most you talk through all their dialogue once, then go see what new they have to say after story missions and thats it.- Reputation system is too simplistic. I decided that my character was from The Free Worlds League, planning to play as a loyalist that refuses to take any jobs targeting the faction my parents came from. Expect that the biggest penalty I've yet to see is -1 and even that only when I made the choice to forego pay and salvage rights to kiss some faction's♥♥♥♥♥for reputation. It is perfectly possible to raise reputation with all factions to max, although by the time you manage to do that you'll likely have so much c-bills that the shop discounts won't matter anymore. Beyond supposedly there being handful of special missions you can supposedly unlock by reputation with some of the factions the factions essentially don't matter.- Salvage is simplified. In Mech Commander 1/2 salvage had a major tactical implication. I would often go out of my way to cause minimal damage to hostile mechs since if I didn't destroy them I got to salvage them, including weapons. Sure this meant more risk to my own lances, but the superior clan-tech was worth it. In this game however the shape of the hostile mechs doesn't matter: you always get a option to loot 1/3 of any mech you destroyed during the mission. When you gather 3 parts you assemble a full mech, with all weapons onboard. Weapons that you CANNOT use until you've assembled said mech. Edit: It would seem I might be slightly incorrect: after a mission where I destroyed 3 mechs I had the option to pick 1/3 of the same mech three times, implying that it was intact enough to be fully salvaged: this however takes multiple salvage picks- Heavier is better. Always. Mech Commander 1/2 had drop tonnage limitations that forced you to make choices on what to bring to a mission. In this game the only limits are your current inventory and drop slots. This means you'll never want to bring any light mechs after you've got a full lance of mediums. Then you move to heavies and finally assaults. It's mostly the same for enemies: the difficulty of the mission is essentially just predicted total tonnage of enemy lance(s). This is especially annoying since this means that eventually you'll have to forget about scout mechs. Especially since most missions have enough vehicles whose only job is to sensor lock your mechs, making evasion completely worthless in the long run. Without that evasion your light mechs are just target practice dummies.None of the above ruins the game, but I can't help but lament the missed potential.
PsychoBoyJAck83	Recommended	48.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198220564993/	We need more developers like this!Many will not like the game. A few will absolutely LOVE IT. This game hits my spot.
El Jack	Recommended	80.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197972316155/	Great story, confidently told with mechanics that really make you think carefully about your next move rather than just whilttleing down enemy health. Never better than when you're snatching victory from the jaws of defeat.
evan_yifan	Recommended	58.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198155179508/	Short but solid story with some believable protagonists and villians. The campaign overall feel a bit rushed, really hope it could've been longer and taken a few more twists to develop the characters. In a nutshell, this is the authentic spiritual successor of MechCommander experience that I have been waiting for 20 years. Still remember the old days when I replayed the third mission dozens of time just to loot a brand-new Mad Cat with twin ER PPC! Will buy any future DLC or expansions with a blink of eyes. Come take my money and let Clan Invasion begin!
naomha	Recommended	44.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/naomha/	   So, I haven't even put 20 hours into it yet but the game just gets better and better as time moves on. If you LOVED HBS Shadowrun games, if you REALLY dig mech games, if you are a sucker for a mix of strategy and rpg,  if you really like to be the biggest, baddest mofo on the block...then, well, play BATTLETECH. My only complaint with the game is that you may fail your first playthrough as you get a handle on how the systems all work, getting jobs, buying and selling salvage and equipment, leveling up your mechs and hiring more mercs and finding the right balance of your teams and how to roll out. So many tactical combos to use that the sky is the limit and it may confuse you if you're a person that continually just wants to ignore what's being shown you. If you like to just hit a couple buttons and run and gun then this game is so not for you. If you're even partyly cerebral and have anything above a dog's IQ you should do very well though if you try. Game really is pretty awesome. A merc mech? Sign me up for more!
Tuba	Recommended	186.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198083413198/	If you're a fan of Battletech, buy this game.  It's the closest thing to the old tabletop rules in a very streamlined and easy interface.  The campaign story is engaging and the thrills of 'Mech customization are at your command.  You can get as general or as specific as you prefer, reflecting one's individual playstyle.  This is a great turn-based tactical game for anyone, but fans of the genre will need this in their library.
LeaderofDoom	Recommended	39.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/LeaderofDoom/	Despite having some late-game balances problems that you've probably read in other reviews, I still had alot of fun with Battletech. I would also note that while the lighter mechs aren't really viable late-game, throwing out 4 assault mechs and stomping around with them is still great.
Shep33	Recommended	145.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197992591043/	At 100+ hours, I feel like I got a good value for my $$$. Still looking forward to some expansions/sequels.
Burly McMens	Recommended	117.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197963641341/	I grew up playing every Battletech game from Mechwarrior 2 including MechCommander and the boardgame. Any fan of the series would be more than pleased with the amount of effort put into Battletech. It's well conceived and it's difficult - the way any Battletech game should be. It has a strong story driven narrative and believable characters just like the novels. I LIKE HOW IT CAPTURES THE ZEITGEIST OF THE SERIES, not just breeds more wannabe mech jockeys. The story should be tragic about how the little guy can hardly survive in a futuristic galaxy of bickering fiefdoms with MECHS.Apropos the boardgame, I like what they did with evasion so it's not too overpowered. The game can seem slow compared FPS types like MWO, but the pacing is correct for something like this. I personally make use of the fast-paced animations in combat.Pros: Great story, strong characters, good mechs, the mechbay configs work well, vehicles and turrets are rightly annoying, challenging play every mission, effective money sinks, combat is glorious.Cons: Sometimes the dropship banter can be annoying. I had one period where there were no contracts - figured I had to just fly to a new system which worked.Overall: 9/10. Spend the $40 on a game whose story leaves you breathless and whose missions leave you shaking your head because you ran all your mechs straight in to die. FYI: As a Battletech fan, I did the Kickstarter. Worth!
Coffeecoffee	Recommended	91.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Kaffeemann/	A must have If you like turn-based tactics.
mrfatbard	Recommended	27.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198373740905/	really fun game basically xcom with mechs, customizability is somewhat limited compared to mechwarrior online but not by much, definitly recomended
i_dc_i	Recommended	21.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197970736846/	A lot of fun, reminds me a bit of cyberstorm.Only issue I have is it crashes quite frequently (especially when you have a browser open, which is something I have found in other Unity games as well, e.g. Deserts of Kharak)Story line is pretty mundane over all, and the dialogue options seem pretty pointless but I guess it is there so you can roleplay a good merc or bad one.As with other battletech games the push is to get better mechs and equipment, and make some unique/powerfull configurations.I like the turnbased mechanics and how effects work over all.Upgrading your ship is also a fun aspect.My solutions to the issues other people mentioned:1. Slow gameplay:Just go to the settings and turn of cinimatic camera angles and enable quick move for everything. A round takes under a minute.2. Difficulty:Yes, it is difficult, but once you start thinking tactically it becomes a lot easier. Focus ballistics on a troublesome enemy and knock him down. Once knocked down all your shots get focussed fire (you pick a section to target). Also, don't under estimate melee, and keep your mechs moving/ump jetting to keep evasion scores up. If you are still struggling, hire better Mercs and figure out how to use the abilities to your advantage. Planning is very important, the order in which you target mechs, or sometimes which weapons to take out first (e.g. taking out a hunchbacks right torso usually renders it pretty useless allowing you to focus on other mechs in the meantime)3. You just have to get your tonnage up:Pretty much. However smaller mechs do get a bonus that make it more difficult for larger mechs to hit them, and larger ones are easier to hit.But, with a skilled merc and a good selection of weapons a larger mech (with much more powerfull weapons) will shred a smaller mech which makes sense.Overall recommended, good fun for the price, but would have been great if it didn't crash as often.
bodie.salas	Recommended	61.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198025246884/	30+ hours of fun with this game. After the main campaign story was done, things were starting to feel a little stale due to getting the same kinds of missions on the same biomes.  
Elearis	Recommended	308.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197989783455/	One of the most emotionally moving games I've played in quite a bit. Oh, and it's a technical masterpiece for its price range! I still dislike the binary logic used for projectile/weapon collision and stuff (which if avoided would make bullets and lasers going through the walls and cliff faces and create a natural chaos of weapons smacking into targets you weren't even targeting). The game is also quite moddable, and you can tweak the game to suit your tastes (more realistic physics, less realistic physics, drop cost depending on mech tonnage, pilot panic mechanics, rebalanced and resized mechs/vehicles to make more sense, etc.) But whatever - HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.Edit: I should mention that although the narrative and storytelling is amazing, it is very linear. Still, it didn't stop me from playing my fourth playthrough.
ayreo.greywolf	Recommended	52.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198025662949/	This is a fun rebirth of a much needed franchise.  It could be better but it could be much worse. I do think that we need to find los tech is come fortress brians but maybe that will happen in the future as the story arch progresses  forwards maybe in a dlc expansion or something.
itsryan	Recommended	16.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198032833509/	Pros:   It's Battletech!   Game is faithful to the tabletop game and for nostalgia alone it is worth playing.  The mercenary management aspects add to the enjoyment of building and maintaining different mechs.  The voice acting is good.  Story arc is engaging despite having no choices.Cons:  Pretty much the same mission over and over.   Since all the enemy (even reinforcements) rush you on every map as soon as you see one on sensors, you just hunker down in cover and wait for them to charge into your guns.  I don't think this was intentional as the mission briefings often state goals that never get done since all the enemy run to you and die before you can even get to the objectives.
CrystalLynx	Recommended	29.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198006650633/	This is the strategy game everyone involved with the Battletech universe ever wanted. Build your dropship, customize your Mechs, take contracts from smaller and bigger houses of the Inner Sphere, deploy your lances and get in the turn-based battle with full terrain. You can follow the story, or go completely random, it is your choice.Highly recommended.
Halude	Recommended	158.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198007329232/	I am a backer of this game from its inital kickstarter phase and was eargerly waiting for thie game, for me this game runs perfectly fine, no crashes and thats including home streaming the game from a main  pc to a laptop, The game engine and effects are really good and the maps have good details if you spend the time to look around the maps, however this is taken away due to the simple game mechanic of meet in the middle and duke it out fight begins,I like the sim side of the game altho somewhat limited, once you get your mechwarriors maxed out the game becomes very easy with precision strikes,The campaign is good, with high detail cutscenes alot of time was spent sorting this portion of the game, after you complete the game, there is not really alot left to do apart from planet hop to get better ratings with factions and grind out 5 skull missions,i think the modding community will enhance this game 10x fold as this game is just a small shell of what it could become, it will be time before the teams release their full mods to make the game much better,
Ratfink	Recommended	59.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197972386276/	This is a great start to what I hope is a long series of games. The campaign has a stuttering start and the tutorial is worthless, but after this shakey start the game begins to shine. The turn based stratergy seems shallow at first: walk and fire or sprint and do nothing but the options become vary varied and detailed. I began by slugging it out not appreciating evade or the skills my pilots had. I struggled to make ends meet as every fight resulted in big bills and downtime for my hard pressed little merc corp. But slowly I learned the art of scouting, manouver and how to play the initiative system. Add to this the depth of lance makup and mech design I think it ends up being far deeper than comparible titles. The gfx are not tripple A and some of the animations get a bit skrewy but it is an indy game and it doesn't detract from the fun. A last word on the campaign I really like it the art style, music and the story, they are very fitting and atmospheric. Some of the missions are really good fun and I played some several times from saved games.
CIZQC	Recommended	172.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198010796364/	battletech fan here , the game is on point for most of it , the heat, the weapons, the skills of your mechwarriors and the tonnage of your lance , i liked almost everything in the game , people complaint about balance and hit percentage , while i had no problem with thoses . balance in a table top adaptation of a war game where 2 war machine can have up to 80 tons of difference is irrelevant , yes if you throw your locust at a atlas you will get destroyed , and for the hit percentage , if you try to aim at a fast moving mech who is  behind cover and from a long distance with your less skiled mechwarrior you probably wont hit or at least wont hit what you are aiming for ( once again , truthfull to the tabletop, not to please balancing trolls  ) the only real issues is poor optimization and the angle of the camera in game when moving or firing , maybe the mech bay is a little bit clunky , the story is not really good but we are here for salvage and c-bills not for the princess saving part ....so if you think balancing is an issue in most of the games you play dont buy , if you like mechs battletech universe and tactical turn based game , its a must ...just wish i had a warhammer and a marauder 2 and it would be the greatest battletech/mechwarrior game i ve ever played . And remember that heavier is usually better ( but not the banshee lol ) 
dalnarl	Recommended	129.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197976454871/	Great game so far.  Love the tactics.
1410c	Not Recommended	44.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197968973794/	After finally completing it I felt the need to review it too - altough I have to say that I had time enough to do so during the loading screens. Even though I can't recommend this game it's not really that bad - I'd say I'd rate it 2/5. I guess I'd even recommend it and give it a 3/5 if it weren't for the story.Pros:* The graphics are really excellent, especially the landscapes and the cutscenes, and the attention to detail is amazing* The Mech-Mechanics are brilliant - I think it couldn't be transferred into a game better than it was done here. You can really feel that they took a lot of time and effort to get it just right.Cons:* Several of the game mechanics are unneccesarily tedious - the abysmally slow combat animations, the fact that travelling from system to system has several unskippable cutscenes even though the only thing that changes is the shop and the missions, and speaking of the shops, whoever was responsible for that probably never played a game before. There is no way to tell what a shop will sell to you before you arrived at the planet, not even what kind of shop it is or the tech level or anything - and since traveling is expensive and has the aforementioned cutscenes it's a real chore. Just imagine that you had to buy something and someone removed all the signs from the shops in your city and boarded up all the windows and you had to actually enter each and every shop - and you don't even know if it's aviable in your city! Some people point out that there are "hints", like when a system has Ruins the chance to get old tech is higher - but it's only a hint, not a guarantee, and to stay with the example it's like saying "Well, you know, there are cotton fields in the general vicinity, there MAY be tshirts".* The game is not per se buggy, but it's definitely not optimized either. Three examples:1. The game sometimes just "forgets" settings and reverts them back to the original setting, so you have to go back into the menu and change it again.2. The "normal" setting is that the camera jumps to each active mech - which is very irritating and immersion-breaking since when there are 20 vehicles on the map means that the camera is constantly zooming around. Even if you turn it off - and probably due to the first example - the game sometimes starts to jump to another vehicle, remembers that you turned it off mid-jump and immediately jumps back, which is really ugly and confusing.3. The loading times are breathtakingly bad. From accepting a job to deploying on the planet includes up to 4-5 MINUTES of loading times on a quite fast computer. Returning from a mission is the same, and simply clicking on "accept Salvage" can make the game freeze for up to 30 seconds.* The story is so bad. I think I honestly never had to deal with a campaign that was so poorly written and executed as that one. I mean considering that most achievements are for multiplayer and they even want people to suffer through over 10 hours of loading time to get the "play 100 matches online" one I guess the campaign wasn't top of the attention, but seriously, this game made me groan. I'll try to give a spoiler free version of the story, but first of all you need to know that there's a dialogue system where you can choose your responses during the story cutscenes. You can even customize your character to have different backgrounds for different answers! The problem is that the dialogue system is legitimaly a joke that was kind of put in the game because that's how you do stuff nowadays. Not only is it completely irrelevant what you say for the story or the cutscene, it's also just the same answer phrased in three different ways. Like:A) Great!B) Nice!C) [Spacer Background] Me, being from Space, also finds this super!Whenever one of those "Dialogue"-Boxes pops up it really adds to insult. Anyway - here's the story recap:You are an irrelevant battlemech pilot. Queen McFancypants likes you for some reason. There's a big problem so you have to flee. You manage to be the leader of a highly indepted mercenary company. Queen McFancypants returns and forces you into slavery and starts a campaign of really stupid decisions, where you have to help aka do all the work, together with your extremely onedimensional clichee buddies - but don't you forget that you are not the main character, she is, because she's so awesome(tm). Sometimes you are allowed to comment on how stuff should proceed and are then ignored. In one mission you're not even allowed to play your own character because surely Queen McFancypants is far more interesting.  You can even have a talk with your "buddies", but since nothing is voiced and you can't tell which dialogues you already had and which not there is not much appeal there. Anyway everything is going really bad due to the incompetence of Queen MacFancypants, until suddenly it's not anymore - hussah! The outro then is ... just the intro again, where Queen McFancypants basically tells you that she doesn't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about you or your motivations and couldn't care even if you hit her with a hammer. The end!Seriously, the story is SO bad, I could write on for hours ... but anyway, to get to a point: If you just want to play multiplayer sessions and are okay with long loading times, this is the best Battletech-Simulator there is, hands down. But if you want to enjoy a campaign in the battletech universe, I can't recommend it ... you COULD start a random AI-Multiplayer-Battle and do your own voiceover, though!
Andrew_Bones	Recommended	83.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/bones_cz/	This game seems to be compared to XCOM a lot - I can see why as there are similar elements to the gameplay.Instead of commanding a special forces soldiers on missions you command up to 4 Mechs - huge robots which range from light class to an assault one. You hire and train pilots for your mechs, and upgrade your base to have more mechs, pilots, etc. Combat is quite fun although the viable strategies are not as varied as you'd expect them to be. Mainly due to the system where you keep evasion points until you do an action, which means you will reserve your mechs until they run out of evasion or until the last phases. In addition, each Mech builds up heat by certain actions, which you need to manage, and each Mech can receive stability damage. No stability = Mech lying on the ground for a turn. Max heat = Mech runs off for a turn. There is no cover system but there are some terrain zones that impose certain effects on your mech, such as water lowering the heat generated. Some planets have effects that affect everything on the map, such as heat generation being higher on desert planets.Biggest complaint would be about a certain event in missions that seems completely random. Basically, after gaining sight of your objective, the enemies receive "reinforcements" right away. This can mean that you are facing up to 8 enemies right from the start, all at the same time. Keep in mind you can only take 4 mechs at any time on any mission. These contracts are essentially impossible to win, unless you find a way to cheese the enemy completely. Running away is also possible, but not without a reputation penalty.Other than that and some small problems which don't affect the overall gameplay. I am enjoying the game and finding new mechs to customize them and then seeing how they fare on the battlefield is just endless source of fun. Story-wise I am still at the start and that's even after about 20 hours of gameplay in. Definitely worth it. 
Banlish	Recommended	108.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Banlish/	I'm going to spell this out exactly INCASE there's ever any question.  I kickstarted this game at the $50 levelHowever I also became a streamer on twitch after that and have been allowed a copy of the game for early access before the release date.   So I paid for it AND recieved an advanced copy, I have both copies and I'm not sure if that qualifies for 'Recieved for free' but by telling you (the reader) up front I hope that'll cover anything in the future.Onto the game!I've been a mechhead since 1988, When I thought of mechs fighting on the ground in lance size (4 mechs) this is the view I had, this game and it's graphics are exactly what I wanted for so very, very long.  We finally got physcial combat where I can smash a mech with a giant mech FIST OF RAGE!!!!!  And it's oh, so sweet.This game is meant to be a longer term, slower paced game.   Much like some of the 4x games on steam this game takes patience and a desire to be rewarded long term.  If you are like 'I WANT TO SHOOT THAT GUY IN DA FACE, GOOD HE SHOT IN FACE WITH GUN, GIVE BACON NOW PLZ! WHY I WAIT MORE THEN 2 SECONDS REEEEEEEEEE!!!!!'   This is most likely NOT the game for you, if you enjoy tweaking your mechs, developing your mechwarriors over months and years in game, hunting down the mechs, parts and configurations you want, AND figure out the tactical aspects while keeping an eye on your bottom line of expenses.  Well, brother, you've found your mech game.There was a patch just realeased AND The company just got bought by Paradox a few weeks ago so I believe that'll herald a good future for this franchise.  I hope for DLC that will add in different aspects, much like Paradox has done with The Europpa Unversalis, Stellaris, Crusader King and Hearts of Iron series.  Battletech has a bevy of mechs, weapon systems, combat vehicles (tanks, Vtols, battle armor, WiGEs, and Infantry they could dive into) along with factional play they've only barely touched upon.  The U.I. has gotten a once over with some quality of life improvements, there are weapon systems in the campaign play that you cannot get outside of it currently, but you can gain access to via free mods on the community mod store.  I expect a DLC will be coming called 'Lost-tech' where upgraded Star league tech will make an apperance.  I've put in over 100 hours on the game already, and I play it from time to time as I have time.  I enjoy doing missions and overcoming various tactics by the A.I.  the terrain and weather conditions DO PLAY A PART so be aware.  A few of the quality of life improvements made keeping track of your mechs easier, being able to upgrade your ship and mechs costs a bunch and if you're a SADIST like many mechwarriors you can turn up the difficulty, turn down the salvage and struggle like many find fun.I will say this, one thing that many don't understand is how to capture mech salvage.  Let me explain this ONE FEATURE quickly.1.  If you kill the mechwarrior, and the rest of the mech is intact, you get the entire mech.2.  If you blow of both legs, you get 2 of 3 parts, 3 parts of the same varient are needed to 'assemble' the mech to a chasis.3.  If you cause an ammo explosion there is a chance the pilot will be killed and you can get the whole mech4.  You can knock down the mech, each time the mechwarrior will take one 'hit', most at the start have 3 hits total.  In higher end play they can go as high as 6 hits.  A hit is generated by making the mech fall over, an a side torso is knocked off, the cockpit is hit by any weapon (even a machine gun), or an ammo explosion is caused that doesn't fully kill the mechwarrior.  However, only 2 'hits' at a time can be stacked in a single turn.  So if you hit the mechs head with 1 LRM, then blow off his right torso, then he falls over, you will only deal 2 points.   Use this to your advantage.5. If you blow the mech apart by destroying the center torso you will only recieve 1 part.  You can turn this OFF in the new patch for added difficulty.  If you like the way the game plays and want to delve into the lore more, try www.sarna.net.  The game also shares some graphic assets with the Free to play www.mwomercs.com (you can only buy skins, mechs, and premium time, premium time in that game does NOT effect taking or dealing damage-)  and if you want to play from a first person perspective, much like world of tanks, Mechwarrior online is on steam for free.  Just do the entire Tutorial SERIES for the love of god.  I stream on twitch daily under the same name, if you'd like more questions answered about this rewview or any other I do, feel free.  I will gladly go into more detail, I love the franchise and hope this is finally the 'legs' it needs to get more attention.   Enjoy!
VenomB	Recommended	29.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/VenomB/	I bought the game the day of release, about 2 hours before it unlocked. After getting home from work, I say it had a lot of negative reviews and was then a little worried that I might need to start a refund process. Reading most of the reviews, I realized half of them were about the character creator allowing you to choose a "they" pronoun instead of he/she. Those can be ignored. It's a very small and barely noticable thing to allow people to play games how they want, no skin off my nose. It really shows that the game is focused on the tabletop genre of video game.Now, the other half of reviews were very legitimate; there were complaints about crashes, lag, UI errors, and other bugs you wouldn't expect from a game that was born through kickstarter/early access. I, however, never personally encountered anything game-breaking, mostly just random lag and unneeded delays in the game. (like waiting for a mech to do something small)In my short time playing the game, I had a lot of fun. I completed the beginning of the game as well as about 3 contract missions. I lost two mechs (well, they needed a complete refit) and two warriors were injured for 100 days, which I blame the light mechs for.Overall I reccomend the game, but if slight bugs or lag bothers you, wait for updates or a sale. Personally, I have no regrets.
Arch Angle	Not Recommended	94.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198021303222/	If you're the AI, headshots are common. Use a slingshot and a piece of gravel in a Locust and <bam!> player gets a headshot injury.  Meanwhile, fully trained crew spending morale points to call a headshot while firing 2 racks of LRM20 get... squat.It's a fun game, but until the developers listen to the community and patch the AI problems, I'd recommend against, as it is more "frustration" than "fun".
Dogahn	Recommended	128.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/doganpc/	17hrs of Play... YAAASS! I've bailed on contracts, Save scummed around FUBAR. Hell yeah.8hrs after Release... This game is Battletech.  It is not Mechwarrior or even Mechcommander, get that out of your mind right now (unless you're developing Mechcommander3).  It is slow, plodding, clunky, and detailed.  Not detailed like, OMG the graphics (despite running up my GPU to max while idling in background), but detailed in that old fashioned board game way, detailed in that heaps of books written about it way.  I'm enjoying it, but man is it slow at times.65% Strategy, 30% Management, 5% Problems.Solid release, catch it on sale.
Sniper Fury	Recommended	153.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/sniperfury/	An excellent game, it is everything I have wanted in a BATTLETECH game. I am especially glad to see it as turn based. You aren't going to get this sort of detail in a real time version. Your facing matters, the range of your weapons matter, your ammo matters, your heat matters. Nothing is more satisfying than get that headshot or an ammo explosion. This is how BATTLETECH should be played.I haven't encountered any crashes or bugs so far and the fact they have included a they pronoun option is pretty great for an RPG. It allows you roleplay even more. It takes away NOTHING from the game and only adds to it. HBS great game and THANK YOU.In short it is a great game with nuance and options.
Detroitmechworks	Recommended	104.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198027708057/	Old School Tabletop Turn Based Gamer here, so Keep in mind that my impressions are reflective of my taste.SHORT Version:  Exactly what I always wanted in a Battletech Game.  Controlling My own Merc Company, and being the small player in a much larger story feels great and very true to the old school Mechwarrior/Battletech role playing experience .HIGHLY Recommend if you enjoy Turn Based Strategy, and have at least some patience to learn the rules, OR know the old school rules from the Table top.*MINOR PLOT SPOILERS AHEAD*I love this game.  First of all, for the absolutely faithful adaptaion of the Tabletop Universe.  Secondly, they set it in my favorite area of the Battletech universe.  (Look at my handle.  I've had this one for over 15 years now.)  It has the feel of oneof my favorite games of all time, which was Mech Commander 2.  The ability to chart your own course, and the restrictions on the Mech design back to the old school rules feels great.  Yes, I'd love to see some more of the Old School Mechs...  (It doesn't feel TOTALLY Like Battletech without my Phoenix Hawk or Warhammer)  But you can modify many of the in game ones to match many of the old school playstyles that those mechs represented.Yes, the scenarios are fairly limited.  The original Game scenarios were limited as well.  This actually feels like an adaptation of one of the original books, the "Mercenaries Handbook" complete with the way in which you used to randomly generate missions for the mercs to participate in.  Yes, it's old school wargaming, randomly generate the scenario and everybody has FUN gaming.  And let's address the elephant in the room.  There's a few people very upset that there is a gender neutral pronoun option for character creation.  Those people are idiots.   
Raven	Recommended	73.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/BenIsip/	Amazing.  So much mech customization and strategy.
Maev	Not Recommended	29.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197996645532/	So since I am a huge fan of Battletech and Mechwarrior (Played all Games and played Tabletop couple years ago) and my review for this game is unfortunately negative but not because the game content itself mostly.So heres my review.+ Story (although almost no voicelines its very good), unfortunately i like the clan era much more :)+ Very very deep game about Mech, even different version of mechs, VERY COOL+ Combat kinda feels amazing, attacking from different angles etc.+ Pre-Combat you can upgrade ship cruise around, there are not many events but its fine- This is like the worst programmed/optimized game in years like everything produces fps shutters EVERYWHERE, even quitting the game to desktop takes like 30 seconds WTF...- Progression to Assault lock -> you start mostly with medium and ligh mecks and progress to assault mechs later on and thats NOT GOOD, i mean maybe ppl like playing light mechs/medium/heavies ? But after a couple of missions there is ABSOLUTELY NO WINDOW for medium or light mechts because the enemie swarms you with like 12 targets consisting of at least 5-8 Assault/Heavy targets. So basicly each mission is like 4 assaults....- Absolute Rogue difficult - The difficult is insane, i fully understand that you have to consider loses but being obliterated almost each game hmmm dunnoAs conclusion as for me this game has very good roots and once they fix the shutters and fps drops it will become more fluent. But yeah there is still the problem with the assault lock unless you like playing big guys only you will get frustrated :>
Cuddly Bear Cx	Not Recommended	10.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ASSDJDJNSIHDBU/	this is an alright game but has a very frustratingly annoying turn base mechanic let me explain most turn base games would let you move all your units all in one turn just like the xcom series however in battletech they sracped it and made it so u can only move one mec unit at a time and if u have mech thats downed or over heated you have to make it stand up or restart it causing u to lose a turn i understand they wanted to make the game hard but god damn in my opinion the game would of been fine if not for this new turn base system not only that at times i dont even know if its my turn because they dont even and it wierd how some times i can move multiple units at a time in combat but in other times i can move them only one at a time ????????????? for u hard core gamers or what ever this might be fine but for cassual players its a turn off but i still recomend the gamebecause it is a fun game when u get pass the negatives i guess lmao 
^1BigBossMan1978 [BE]	Recommended	141.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198029242857/	(My shortest review ever): I'M ADDICTED TO THIS GAME... WHO'S WITH ME?! XD(Personal score 85/100) <<<BECAUSE THIS GAME IS HARD TO MASTER!!!
Coprolite	Not Recommended	145.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198004951232/	This comes very close to being a worthwhile game. Travelling from planet to planet taking mercenary contracts and growing your company into a force to be reckoned with is rather fun. And even running the ship and the logistics of keeping your mechs fighting is kind of fun.But the actual combat system is obtuse, nonsensical, and barely explained in any of the tutorial missions (though the computer knows all of the tricks), and the story missions are basically an unplayable mess that amount to hours and hours of reloading and reloading even though the game supposedly gives them a difficulty rating less than all of the side contracts. There seem to be more than a few where you need a lance of fast mechs which also have good long range firepower and can take a beating, and even then it's only playable if you don't make any mistakes. And after all that time when you finally have victory in reach, Murphy will grab those dice and suddenly that final almost dead enemy mech that you've shot a leg off of and both arms will charge your commander and take you down with an unerringly placed melee attack to the head.I guess it's still a game I'd buy and play around with, but it's not worth paying full price for by a long shot. Maybe it's a good buy at $20.
Jammin	Recommended	60.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198019269302/	This is the game tabletop Battletech fans have always dreamed of.  You want a hardcore mech strategy game?  You've found it.The finantical management aspects of running an intersteller mercenary company, the rpg mechanics for the pilots, and the surprsingly good story help round out the exprence but at the end of the day it's all about the tactical mech combat.  If you like that you'll like this.One thing to beware of, however.  This is not a forgiving game.  Like the tabletop game, it's damage system is RNG based to some degree.  You may have the best pilot in the galaxy sitting in the most masterfully designed battlemech but if the enemy lands a couple of 1% chance shots it can injure or even kill the pilot and just generally ruin your day.  In Battletech combat is risky and no matter how clever your strategy may be you will take losses along the way.    You can mitigate risks in this game but you can never eliminate them.  Dealing with that is part of the experience but can be maddening for perfectionists.
twitch.tv/BULLonPARAD3	Recommended	38.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/darrengove/	If you enjoy the XCom type of turned based strategy, you'll probably like this game.  If you been a fan of Mechwarrior/Battletech and have been waiting years for a single player game, you'll also probably like this game.  There are plenty of side missions and you're not rushed to complete the story.   On missions you can negotiate the contract for higher pay or for more scraps.  I find myself taking scraps quite often to assemble some new mechs.  I'm really enjoying the game so far.  It's been out 24 hours and I've played for 12.  Fortunately it come out on my day off :)There are some cons though.  It doesn't seem to be well optimized.  I have an i5-6600k and a GTX 1080 and only averaging about 60 FPS.  FPS obviously isn't important in this type of game, but there are several moments per mission where it will drop frames hard when turns switch.  I thought it was my new SSD before I saw lots of people were having this.  I would say it's mildly annoying, but it doesn't interfere with gameplay as it happens during cutsceneses.  There are lots of things to do outside of the missions in terms of customization, but it's not instant as it was back in the MechCommander days.  Installing new parts takes days to complete, so you need to plan ahead. If you are a fan of the source material or any of the previous games, I am sure you'll enjoy this one too.
andyf121073	Recommended	2,187.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198134822109/	The best Battletech game yet well worth the money   I have been a fan of battletech since the late 90s The up coming DLC Flash Points also looks great which is due to be released in November
Brevi	Not Recommended	2.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/brevi/	Kickstarter backer here. I'm quite fond of Battletech (the universe), I've read some of the novels and played MechWarrior 3, 4 and Online. These are my favorite books: Lethal Heritage, Blood Legacy, Lost Destiny by Michael A. StackpoleNormally, I would wait with a review until I finish a game, but I just cannot get myself to do it.After ~2 hours I had enough, and I'm completely disappointed.The Kickstarter promised a game that was going to be a turn based tactical strategy game in the BattleTech universe (for some MechWarrior will be a more familiar name). I imagined something like the lovechild of XCOM and Brigador (top down mech game full of clever mechanics and destructible environment). My bigger gripes with the game:VideosThe game greets you with an intro made from overlay concepts arts and an average narrator voice. The campaign videos follow the same pattern. I just could not believe, that they did not even bother to animate a video introduction for a 2018 game. Ok. This is because they've spent the time developing a kickass gameplay right? RIGHT?Mechs & WeaponsGiant walking war-machines with enough firepower to level a city block... Well, you get none of that feel in this game. Weapons sound like pea-shooters and there is no impact to anything. The puny blob looking trees just pop out of existence as you wobble by. You should be able to aim at an enemy vehicle, press alpha strike and see how you kind of leveled the entire area. Thundering cannons, smoke like that of a volcanic eruption, melting metal, shells the size of smaller cars... I've seen World War II tanks (in games) pull way better fireworks then the Mechs from 3025 in this game.Mech ModelsThe Mech 3D models are cannibalized (borrowed with permission) from MechWarrior Online except they managed to make them look less interesting and detailed. In the MechBay you cannot even zoom around and check them up close. Action shoots are meh.Voice Acting Attempt & StorySome lines are voice acted, some are not. When the voice acting is on, you cannot tell if they even tried to take it seriously. When it's not, you are wondering if this is an error in the game, or they just had money to buy every second line. From what little I've seen from the story, it was cringe worthy.Lack of Destructible EnvironmentsI mentioned this already, but both XCOM and Brigador have utilized tons of different destructible buildings, structures, blockades, vegetation that all have gameplay significance and implication. In this game, there is a simple cover mechanic, and things like destroy the power source to turn off turrets. I did not feel anything clever was done to make it feel tactical. I took the advantageous position, focus fired with priority and won. You can flank (especially with jump jets), or utilize melee, but since the environment does not switch things up it feels lacking.Mech Variants & Legal DisputeA ton of fan favorite Mechs such as the Raven, the Marauder, the Warhammer and so on are not in the game. Sadly, these are exactly my favorites as well and the game is even more lacking without them. During the development and Kickstarter cycle we were shown videos that had some of these Mechs and I did not have time to follow up until release. Imagine the surprise when they are just not there...Maybe after a few years of patches and extension, this game will be at least decent but on release to me this is nothing sort of a shocking disappointment. :(
CK Yoda	Recommended	60.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198043114142/	Seriously Madwars...to your comment on 'not being born when this first came out,' I need to slightly correct you...when it first hit the tabletop there were no minatures at all...only a box game with pictures of mechs on two-sided cardboard tokens held up in plastic stands.  I know...I have the original box and the reinforcements box in my game closet :)And I agree...nothing like this did we ever think would come out, and I'm having a ball so far.  Granted, it's only been a few hours of play, but had to pick up an old Battletech trash novel just for a little nostalgia last night afterward.  But I know I'll love this...I love XCOM, I love Battletech...what more is there to say?(BTW we never thought Star Fleet Battles would come to a decent computer platform either...)
the Phoenician	Not Recommended	7.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198061512689/	Lets get this out of the way its a neutral review leaning towards negative. The things i hate about this game are design decisions which make the game for me anyway not enjoyable(Only played 2 hours yes i know and i will play further to really get a grasp of everything)The first thing i have a problem with is the fact light mech/vehicles etc move before heavy I believe they should all take their turns at once depending on what side they are you or them otherwise you can have 3 light mechs attack you before you ever get a turn just because they can move before you can and you havent had time to act accordingly because you cant move your other mechs at all. Another thing is the animations(Yes you can turn them off) I myself am someone who enjoys good visuals and flashy attacks. You wont find this in this game the game pauses right when something big is going to happen and then they just explode the animations are not fluid at all so turn them off if this bothers you like it does me.The last thing i really cant stand about this game is you can miss at point blank range literally right beside enemy mech only get 25% damage possibility for ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t reasons it seems the ingame rng from attacking needs to be desperately reworked Not only that the missions so far seem like they try to make everything go wrong as possible so that by the end youre barely scraping by. Now for the good things: customization: Create your own mech pilot and your merc corp and mech colors etc. Story is decent, World building is pretty nice so far lots of sand though(Dont tell anakin) and all in all my score is 4/10 Wait for sale...
t y g e r	Recommended	291.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/tygerlily/	Great game! A little resource management, some turn-based Mech combat, a really cool art style. The voice acting and story line were okay. Defnitely something to spend your money on and definitely something I will follow, picking up various DLCs along the way for sure!
jasmattkrz	Not Recommended	34.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197993698477/	This game is so tedious that it takes the fun out of a game which has all the right parts on paper, but fails to put them together into an enjoyable experience.I already walked away from this game once because the game was so slow, but came back after I got the turn-based itch again, and the game had updated its camera options to increase game speed.  But even with all camera settings to "never" and ticking the "speed up single player game play" option, it's still far too slow, and the camera still flies around nonsensically.  Pros:-There is a decent story and single player campaign, which is something a lot of games are missing these days.-Cool looking, detailed mechs.Cons:-Despite having a decent story (so far), a lot of the narrative, especially around the individual missions, doesn't make sense.  For example, missions that should be time-sensitive are happy to wait for a month for me to travel there.  I suspect that I could just hit the play button on the timeline and fast forward for 10 years and the only problem is I'd run out of money from upkeep.-Can't skip travel cutscenes.-The mechs all look the same from a zoomed out tactical view, and the camera only zooms in at weird times (like at the rubble of a building), and not in when it would be cool, like during mech melee battles.-You're penalized for trying new loadouts with your mech because a refit of a single mech can take a month, so to refit an entire lance of mechs, it can be very costly (in time and currency).-The game is poorly optimized, and ran at around 45fps on medium on a decent computer in 4k (i7-3770, 32GB Ram, EVO SSD, 980ti).  I just put together a new computer (i7-8700k, 32GB Ram, NVMe, 1080ti) and load times are still pretty bad, and just navigating menus in the setup phase lags (like when switching the store from "buy" to "sell").   -there's a weird difficulty spike.  I even looked online to see if I could increase the difficulty (no) because it was a cake walk, then suddenly every mission had twice the tonnage of enemy mechs that my "intelligence" estimated, dropping me right into a 7-9 on 4 fight with no room to maneuver.-Random level generation creates "can't win" scenarios.  For example, starting a mission to protect buildings, and on the first enemy turn the enemy destroys a building from the other side of the map before I could possibly stop them.  -I've never had to read so many forums to learn the rules of a video game. -Poorly designed menus and keyboard shortcuts which further slow down the game (for example, I can't move mechs around in the mech bays, nor can I give a unique identifier to mechs so I can quickly identify specific loadouts on mechs that have the same name, can't upgrade pilot training from the mission launch screen, in the store/refit screens if you want to see one type of item, say a laser, you don't click the "laser" icon, you have to unclick the other 3 options, etc, etc, etc) .-No minimap and limited zoom out makes it hard to see the situation on the battlefield.-Only having 4 mechs greatly limits the tactical options in the game.-And there's plenty more but it's hardly worth mentioning since the devs seem aware of it all and don't care to patch it further (hence a thriving mod community adding additional camera controls, battle UI, and game mechanics).If you *really* love Mechwarrior and like modding games, go for it.  Otherwise if you like turn-based tactical games maybe wait for a half off sale or save yourself the trouble and skip it.  There seem to be several other similar games in the pipeline for this year.
jamesm	Not Recommended	812.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198026813175/	Until they fix the bugs I can not recommend this game. I am a big battletech/mechwarrior fan and have played all of the games but am very disappointed in this one. Log shows I have played 5.5 hours when I have actually played  the game less than 1 hour.  Too many bugs and game doesn't  load after  attempting to restart. Wait for the fixes.
God-princess Celestia	Recommended	96.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198005611095/	Pretty awesome, have spent 62 hours playing this game during 8 days, and i have a dayjob:)
FenrisUlf	Recommended	176.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/FenrisUlf/	Game runs perfect and i love it. Will update more when i get deeper in the game.The game is beautiful, yes it does need some better optimization and maybe some tweaks but overall a very very enjoyable game.Hopefully the Modding Community can add far more to it as weel.If you liked Xcom games you willl love this yes its a bit different but still very enjoyable.Also pro tip max out front armor and 20% armor on back.
Minamitsu	Not Recommended	26.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mini_minamitsu/	Nothing fun about the wait for enemies 3 times your forces slowly taking their turns one at a time while focusing you down.Also the difficulty rating on missions doesn't mean♥♥♥♥♥♥ Played a mission twice and the enemies went from 3 lights and a medium mech to 3 mediums and a heavy.Even with ALL my weapons shot off on my character's mech, the enemies still ran past all my other mechs to get shots off on it. One of them even moved right next to my mech with an AC/20, and faced the other way so i had a point blank back shot...AI is absolute trash.
Space Gaddafi	Recommended	15.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SpaceGaddafi/	So far, so good. I'm really enjoying what I've played of this so far. It takes its source material seriously for those who are familiar with the setting but doesn't drown people in setting minutiae. To be clear, I would not mind said drowning, but when you're jumpstarting a franchise that's been mostly dormant and underutilized for years you have to allow new players and lapsed fans an inroad into the setting you have to make some allowances. So my fellow nerds, we have to deal.It takes a bit of time to ramp up into the game and while it's great for fans of the turn based tactical RPG and specifically games like XCOM, it does feel like it moves a bit slower. That's just the legacy of the system it's based on.Also, bonus points for the gorgeous art style of the cut scenes, I was really reminded of the Homeworld series. That's a good thing. Optimization could possibly stand a bit of tweaking if you're running on a low-spec machine, but there's nothing here that will ruin the experience.Lastly, I was told there would be space communism.  I see no communism here. Why, oh why, HBS, can't I spray paint a giant portrait of Marshal Tito on my mech? 
ducktank	Recommended	336.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198004476026/	I have not had any crash or resolution issues.  The game faithfully captures what I expected in a Battletech turn based strategy game and excels in it's writing and beautiful cut scenes.  I would love more options in terms of difficulty settings, breaking contracts to "steal" what we're hired to aquire but those are minor issues.  I'm going to spend some time adjusting the setting to get rid of the dramatic camera zooming (which some times doesn't show if the shot hit it not) which is my biggest quarm.  I'm hoping for continued success and patches to expand the multiplayer options and look forward to doc that build your this model.
Ian Argent	Recommended	114.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197962974797/	This is the battletech game I was waiting for, the one I Kickstarted, and the one I've been playing at every opportunity since it went live.It's fun in a way that I can't quite put my finger on - it's not perfect, but it's definitely more than the sum of its parts, much less the sum of the flaws.
enzoichini	Recommended	20.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198217162008/	Great game has fun combat and a decent story 10/10 only issue i have is the game can get extremely hard, the ai is given an advantage in tonnage and it sometimes makes the game infuriating when you are out gunned and out numbered and you can't do anything about it.
Matiati	Not Recommended	69.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198007610552/	As an old fan of the Mechwarrior series I purchased this game with great hopes. Unfortunately I am frustrated. I can start with the pros.Pros:- Campaign scenario is well thought. - Campaign art is fine.- Good mech customization options.- I can say that the gameplay rules for the turn-based combat are somewhat good.Cons:- Very poor performance. The game should not have been implemented with the Unity engine. Saving & Loading times suck like hell. There are some unnecessary slow downs in almost every mission. UI bugs quite a lot. I mean this is not a total war game in which you simulate thousands of agents at real-time. This is a turn-based game and performance should not be an issue here. - Campaign characters are uninteresting and almost no effort is put on making them interesting. I mean there is absolutely zero art quality here. No polishing at all. They dont have any animations. They don't have any voice acting. They stand like lifeless dolls and all you do is to read paragraphs of text to understand what is going on.- Campaign is truly linear. I don't understand why the game provides the players with dialogue options. As you cannot alter anything about the game.- Non-campaign related missions are poorly randomized. You can meet a lance of very poorly armed and low tier mechs in one particular mission. And if you replay it again, this time you can suddenly get ganged by 4-5 heavy mechs at once. It is the same mission with the same difficulty.- There are a lot of small bugs here and there. For instance from time to time enemy mechs and armored tanks can move twice in a single phase cycle (a turn is 5 phases in the game and each mech/tank has an initiative point which determines at which phase it will play). When this bugged it might make some missions impossible to complete.- Very poor graphics for an 2018 game. Almost comparable to Total Annhilation games. The scenes should be much more lively. The player should feel the massive size of the mech they control.,- From what I can say this can well be a tablet/phone game rather than a fully featured PC game.
Chuch	Recommended	32.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/chuch01/	BUYER BEWARE. Your mileage may vary.There's a lot to love here, but there's also a lot to hate. Please allow me to explain.Firstly, there's been rampant complaints about game stability. Personally however, I haven't ran into anything of crash-caliber and the closest I've come is the game stopping to think during a melee attack cinematic, where my mech stood next to the target for a good 40 seconds to contemplate whether it wanted to f*** it instead or not. What I can tell you however is that the load times are something out of a Greek myth, even when playing from an SSD, and even when loading a save file of the same mission that you're currently playing. I feel like slagging the game on that basis alone is pretty unjust, when a patch is likely right around the corner to address these issues. What I find most annoying is that turns take forever due to abundant pausing between AI actions, and there's no option to tweak it.Secondly, let's get into what makes my blood actually boil. The AI is a c*nt. I don't mean the lovable bloke that's putting a wet finger in your ear, I mean the mother****er that's keying your car in a parking garage and standing nearby to watch you discover it. This piece of s**t is trying to harm you in every way it possibly can, and I don't mean in any believable way, such as a determined foe trying to defeat you that makes you think "oh yeah, I'd do that too". I mean that after you've completed 90% of an objective, this mother****er will overheat its mechs to the point of shutting down one mech, then overheats another directly after... to the point of having its own PPC actually blow its arm off."No problem," You think. "After I've blown off one leg and both of a mech's arms that pilot would surely eject." No. Stumpy is going to run straight f***ing for you on its one good leg and give you a love tap with those stubs. I'm not joking. There is no "eject" button for the AI. In fact, there is no survival instinct or even a sense of preservation for the AI at all. None. It has its instructions and it knows exactly what you're there for. It wants to ****ing kamikaze your a** to stop you, its life (lives) be damned, and if it can't stop you then it wants to hurt you. It wants to cause damage to your mechs to drive the mission cost up, it wants to kill your pilots; it wants to ruin your day in literally any lasting way that it can. This piece of s**t is so determined to p*ss in your garden, that it actually did the following for me during one mission. The mission was to defend an allied base; ain't no thang, bring your worst. At the mission onset, one of my bonus objectives was to "Defeat the enemy vanguard"... alright. I managed to blow up 3 out of 4 of the vanguard, the last tank of which pulled back just as I got a notification that enemy reinforcements were arriving. I held my lance back and watched the radar blips gather, waiting for the wave to come crashing down... but they were moving strangely and they weren't attacking. They were congregating around the last remaining "vanguard" vehicle, heedless of the fact that the mission timer was counting away with 7 turns until my victory. Nope. This f***ing AI was so determined to spite me, so desperate to lure me away, that it actually f***ing actively denied me the bonus objective... and sat there surrounding the tank until the map ended. That's your foe. That is what you are dealing with.Lastly, vehicles can f*** off. Nothing takes me out of it like raining LRMs onto a tank that just got hit with a 120mm round and two medium lasers and having said tank just sit there looking at me while still standing, like an awkward boner during the slow dance at prom. It's typically more effective if you melee attack the vehicles, for some f***ing reason, but that's not always feasible when you have Loaded Diaper the 75 Ton 'Mech bearing down on your lance from the other direction.So if you're still with me, to address the elephant in the room; no, I am not a hardcore fan of Battletech. I am not one of those people who can quote the last 300 years of clan history to you. I just like big robots and making them fight. For me researching the lore at this point is like getting into all 800+ episodes of One Piece at current day; there's simply not enough hours in the day for that s**t. So it goes without saying that a lot of the dialogue can go sailing right over my head. But to the game's credit, despite my lack of lore knowledge it has engaged me with the characters and the story enough to keep me pretty invested in what happens. Except Kamea can shut the ***k up. Listen, I'm ****ing this chicken; you're just holding the wings. Shut up Arano.You become invested in the mechwarriors you hire, you become invested in your ship. It's hard not to; the game really sells itself on customizing your lance to the point that I've named mine "Justice Fistings Inc." You're given a pretty free run of where you'd like to go and what you'd like to do, although there is a bit of a gap in difficulty progression and if you don't manage your salvage well, you can end up falling behind on tonnage recommendations for missions. In short, the game is very engaging and fun if you can shake off the UI glitches and lack of optimizations. It's worth a shot, but if you're worried about stability I'd recommend that you wait for a patch... from where I'm standing though, it's well worth the asking price with plenty of content to back it up.
Aaron_Merric	Not Recommended	144.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/aaron_merric/	Edit: 5/15/18  Having played through the campaign I now understand a few glaring flaws.  Load times are horrendous and make playing the game a chore.  Stability damage is overpowered and if you use it to the max you will have no challenge from your enemies.  The menus and navigation need some major work as loading out your mech is horrible as it stands now.I am really enjoying the game. However! There seems to be some performance issues, I doubt its my machine but they sometimes seem to get worse the longer I play.  Stuttering, scene skipping for mech movement.  I suspect unity is to blame from past experience with other unity games. There are also a few simple features missing that anyone who plays the game would realize would have been simple to implement, like restoring your mech loadout after a total kill.  Or a use standard loadout button that would equip the standard loadout of gear to your mech.  Also how about not reseting the damn scroll bar everytime you equip an item incase you need more than one of those.... Anyway, needs work and I am sad to say for now I give this game a thumbs down.  Also ran into a bug on a later mission where ejecting one of my mechwarriors straight up froze the game and all the progress I had made on that level. Not worth the full price unless they fix some of the bugs and give us some quality of life updates.
The Dereckoning	Recommended	100.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198030185789/	TL;DR - Fun game, but definitely make sure you know what you're getting into before you plunk down the cash.Pros: Heat management, customization, terrain, and movement all make for an immersive tactical experience. There's an extremely crunchy experience for you to chew on for a while. Pilot skills also add a nice degree of synergy to take advantage of. If you're a MechWarrior fan, this may be just the treat you've been looking for.Cons: the intro tutorial does /not/ prepare you sufficiently. Hit youtube for some Beginner Guides. And be bloody careful on the first few missions; letting a mech or two get beat up can severely hamper your enjoyment of the early game. Pilots also take a bloodly long time to heal up, making those RNG injuries hurt that much more. Being dropped into command of the mercenary company also felt a little jarring... Would really have liked seeing the MC work their way up the ranks or maybe have to take command during an emergency or something.
Solomon Grundle	Not Recommended	42.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/thedudester/	The battletech lore is one that I've enjoyed since childhood- playing battletech table top miniatures and the early videogames in arcades and on consoles was amazing. The thrill of piloting and commanding towering mechs and fighting tactically was wonderful and fun. This game is a lot less fun than throwing dice on the tabletop miniatures version of battletech. The major problems that I see with this game are few, but they are critical failures that make this seemingly perfect mix of nostalgia and accessibility a nightmare to play.Most egregious is the RNG- I've played for years on the table tossing dice and have never missed as many high-chance shots as this game has. You'll have 85+% to hit across the boad and have only one weapon system land a shot- numerous times. Precision strikes and called shots are basically polite suggestions to the game engine that are summarily ignored as 99% of the time you will miss what you're shooting at. Granted, you'll probably hit the mech you were aiming for- but even with 70% chance to hit CT on targeted mech you'll just hit arms or wiff missiles.Next up on the terrible list is the dead time- I'm stuck waiting forever for the numerous enemies to get done plowing through badlands or forests or whatnot. The cinematic camera doesn't make it any better, and sometimes sticks your perspective in a rock, or in an angle where you can't even see if you are being hit or miss or whatever. No ability to speed up enemy turns or anything coupled with a slow pace makes for extremely annoying dead time.The limit of a single lance- no matter how many pilots and mechs you might have. This limit is ridiculous for a battletech game where you're routinesly fighting upwards of three times the amount units of comprable strength (most of the time). Now- this increased difficulty does in a way force the player to think more tactically- but it is also a limit to how a player can combat the enemy per mission. Especially when the AI is hellbent on rolling your lance one unit at a time no matter the mission.And speaking of AI, AI in this game are simple and illogically driven. The moment you appear on sensors or screen the enemy mechs relentlessly seek to get in optimal fighting range of, usually, a singled-out mech and then proceed to just pound on the hurt. It doesn't matter if the rest of my lance is attacking the VIP that the AI were supposed to be protecting- even the VIP didn't defend themselves but instead assaulted the singled out mech on the other end of the valley. It's just... lackluster.These are the major problems, other minor problems are the cookie cutter maps, I don't particularly mind that- but it can get a bit boring after a while. Or, the rather sloppy optimization, even on a 1080, i7, SSD, all those good things- there is considerable stutter when the camera dips into the fray of battle, there is a blurred spin of the ship's habitation modules as the game tries to think too hard or something.I bought this game thinking it was going to be a digitized version of the battletech table-top game with the addition of a story. What I got was a poorly done Xcom reskin complete with abysmal RNG.
NLxAROSA	Not Recommended	22.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/NLxAROSA/	The good:Basic mechanics and gameplay mechanisms are great.Base/mech management is good.Large universe to exploreThe bad:- Horrible textures, low poly models- Terrible framerates, despite utilizing GPU/CPU (1070/i7) less than 50% (and no, this is not a Unity thing, plenty of games that use the same engine that run great)- Terrible loading times on a fast SSD- RNG results in massive grind to get anything remotely useful- Clunky menus that make the whole base/mech management a chore- Lack of depth in the tactical layer- Lack of depth in skill trees- Very few maps outside of the story missions- Balancing is terribleI think a great game is hidden somewhere under the mess. The first dozen hours or so are great, then boredom/the grind sets in and the balancing issues become really apparent. The grind wouldn't be so bad if there were more than a handful of maps in rotation outside of the campaign. Maybe in a year or so this game will be great, after it had a few patches and updates. Will probably shelve this and play this after a lot of the issues have been addressed.
Tadrith Rashkae	Recommended	40.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197994054406/	I'm only just starting this game but so far it's been a fairly faithfull recreation of the Battletech Tabletop game, with consessions made to being a videogame obviously. Considering that is excatly what I wanted out of this game I'm relly enjoying it.
Space Gaddafi	Recommended	15.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SpaceGaddafi/	So far, so good. I'm really enjoying what I've played of this so far. It takes its source material seriously for those who are familiar with the setting but doesn't drown people in setting minutiae. To be clear, I would not mind said drowning, but when you're jumpstarting a franchise that's been mostly dormant and underutilized for years you have to allow new players and lapsed fans an inroad into the setting you have to make some allowances. So my fellow nerds, we have to deal.It takes a bit of time to ramp up into the game and while it's great for fans of the turn based tactical RPG and specifically games like XCOM, it does feel like it moves a bit slower. That's just the legacy of the system it's based on.Also, bonus points for the gorgeous art style of the cut scenes, I was really reminded of the Homeworld series. That's a good thing. Optimization could possibly stand a bit of tweaking if you're running on a low-spec machine, but there's nothing here that will ruin the experience.Lastly, I was told there would be space communism.  I see no communism here. Why, oh why, HBS, can't I spray paint a giant portrait of Marshal Tito on my mech? 
ducktank	Recommended	336.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198004476026/	I have not had any crash or resolution issues.  The game faithfully captures what I expected in a Battletech turn based strategy game and excels in it's writing and beautiful cut scenes.  I would love more options in terms of difficulty settings, breaking contracts to "steal" what we're hired to aquire but those are minor issues.  I'm going to spend some time adjusting the setting to get rid of the dramatic camera zooming (which some times doesn't show if the shot hit it not) which is my biggest quarm.  I'm hoping for continued success and patches to expand the multiplayer options and look forward to doc that build your this model.
Ian Argent	Recommended	114.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197962974797/	This is the battletech game I was waiting for, the one I Kickstarted, and the one I've been playing at every opportunity since it went live.It's fun in a way that I can't quite put my finger on - it's not perfect, but it's definitely more than the sum of its parts, much less the sum of the flaws.
enzoichini	Recommended	20.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198217162008/	Great game has fun combat and a decent story 10/10 only issue i have is the game can get extremely hard, the ai is given an advantage in tonnage and it sometimes makes the game infuriating when you are out gunned and out numbered and you can't do anything about it.
Lucity	Recommended	30.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Lucity/	Never been a fan of single player games. (I know this has limited multi) But being a battletech fan for the past 23 years I backed this on kickstarter, and I am not disappointed in the product HBS has put together, this game is made for players who have been involved in btech as long as I have or the brand new player wanting to learn more on how this universe works, this is a definite must have for anyone who likes turn based games or wants to get into battletech. Oh and House Liao is the best house, so if you grind rep with anyone else you are playing the game wrong, that is all.
Gabe Vogel	Recommended	11.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/gabevogel/	Imagine X-COM, but with the feel of a tabletop RPG and instead of aliens you have Giant Mechs, angry nobles, ruthless pirates and mercenaries and that Industrial Sci-fi feeling.PROS-Great Tactical RPG Gameplay-Cutscenes manage to do a lot with very few, felt like watching a movie and voice actors do their job well, even though its pratically a slide-show of very well-crafted artwork-Game of Thrones meets Giant Mechs-customization and management of your crew & mechs.-Good graphics & excelent artwork-manages to keep you engaged for hoursCONS-Can't skip some cutscenes like during space-travel and the action is kinda slow sometimes-slowdowns and lag even though my machine surpasses the game specs. Harebraine needs to clean some of their code-It is very easy to get your characters, including your PC, injured for a LONG time, mostly from ANY kind of damage to the cockpit. I thought armor was made to protect from that kind of damage?I highly recomend the game, but it still needs some polishing to the game's code, probably a patch will come later to fix it. Great game for a very good price tag.
Edgewalker	Recommended	53.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198006756264/	It's fckin awesome
Flatliner	Not Recommended	2.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197965560899/	Can't play the game, completely unacceptable that the game is a - so poorly optimised and b - so unstable. Have tried everything suggested and it still crashes loading the second mission.Runs like a dog and takes an aeon to load, I regret kickstarting this.
Chuch	Recommended	32.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/chuch01/	BUYER BEWARE. Your mileage may vary.There's a lot to love here, but there's also a lot to hate. Please allow me to explain.Firstly, there's been rampant complaints about game stability. Personally however, I haven't ran into anything of crash-caliber and the closest I've come is the game stopping to think during a melee attack cinematic, where my mech stood next to the target for a good 40 seconds to contemplate whether it wanted to f*** it instead or not. What I can tell you however is that the load times are something out of a Greek myth, even when playing from an SSD, and even when loading a save file of the same mission that you're currently playing. I feel like slagging the game on that basis alone is pretty unjust, when a patch is likely right around the corner to address these issues. What I find most annoying is that turns take forever due to abundant pausing between AI actions, and there's no option to tweak it.Secondly, let's get into what makes my blood actually boil. The AI is a c*nt. I don't mean the lovable bloke that's putting a wet finger in your ear, I mean the mother****er that's keying your car in a parking garage and standing nearby to watch you discover it. This piece of s**t is trying to harm you in every way it possibly can, and I don't mean in any believable way, such as a determined foe trying to defeat you that makes you think "oh yeah, I'd do that too". I mean that after you've completed 90% of an objective, this mother****er will overheat its mechs to the point of shutting down one mech, then overheats another directly after... to the point of having its own PPC actually blow its arm off."No problem," You think. "After I've blown off one leg and both of a mech's arms that pilot would surely eject." No. Stumpy is going to run straight f***ing for you on its one good leg and give you a love tap with those stubs. I'm not joking. There is no "eject" button for the AI. In fact, there is no survival instinct or even a sense of preservation for the AI at all. None. It has its instructions and it knows exactly what you're there for. It wants to ****ing kamikaze your a** to stop you, its life (lives) be damned, and if it can't stop you then it wants to hurt you. It wants to cause damage to your mechs to drive the mission cost up, it wants to kill your pilots; it wants to ruin your day in literally any lasting way that it can. This piece of s**t is so determined to p*ss in your garden, that it actually did the following for me during one mission. The mission was to defend an allied base; ain't no thang, bring your worst. At the mission onset, one of my bonus objectives was to "Defeat the enemy vanguard"... alright. I managed to blow up 3 out of 4 of the vanguard, the last tank of which pulled back just as I got a notification that enemy reinforcements were arriving. I held my lance back and watched the radar blips gather, waiting for the wave to come crashing down... but they were moving strangely and they weren't attacking. They were congregating around the last remaining "vanguard" vehicle, heedless of the fact that the mission timer was counting away with 7 turns until my victory. Nope. This f***ing AI was so determined to spite me, so desperate to lure me away, that it actually f***ing actively denied me the bonus objective... and sat there surrounding the tank until the map ended. That's your foe. That is what you are dealing with.Lastly, vehicles can f*** off. Nothing takes me out of it like raining LRMs onto a tank that just got hit with a 120mm round and two medium lasers and having said tank just sit there looking at me while still standing, like an awkward boner during the slow dance at prom. It's typically more effective if you melee attack the vehicles, for some f***ing reason, but that's not always feasible when you have Loaded Diaper the 75 Ton 'Mech bearing down on your lance from the other direction.So if you're still with me, to address the elephant in the room; no, I am not a hardcore fan of Battletech. I am not one of those people who can quote the last 300 years of clan history to you. I just like big robots and making them fight. For me researching the lore at this point is like getting into all 800+ episodes of One Piece at current day; there's simply not enough hours in the day for that s**t. So it goes without saying that a lot of the dialogue can go sailing right over my head. But to the game's credit, despite my lack of lore knowledge it has engaged me with the characters and the story enough to keep me pretty invested in what happens. Except Kamea can shut the ***k up. Listen, I'm ****ing this chicken; you're just holding the wings. Shut up Arano.You become invested in the mechwarriors you hire, you become invested in your ship. It's hard not to; the game really sells itself on customizing your lance to the point that I've named mine "Justice Fistings Inc." You're given a pretty free run of where you'd like to go and what you'd like to do, although there is a bit of a gap in difficulty progression and if you don't manage your salvage well, you can end up falling behind on tonnage recommendations for missions. In short, the game is very engaging and fun if you can shake off the UI glitches and lack of optimizations. It's worth a shot, but if you're worried about stability I'd recommend that you wait for a patch... from where I'm standing though, it's well worth the asking price with plenty of content to back it up.
Petokronos	Recommended	47.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198013454159/	It's giant robots and turn based tactics, with strategy on the side. What's not to like?
Solomon Grundle	Not Recommended	42.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/thedudester/	The battletech lore is one that I've enjoyed since childhood- playing battletech table top miniatures and the early videogames in arcades and on consoles was amazing. The thrill of piloting and commanding towering mechs and fighting tactically was wonderful and fun. This game is a lot less fun than throwing dice on the tabletop miniatures version of battletech. The major problems that I see with this game are few, but they are critical failures that make this seemingly perfect mix of nostalgia and accessibility a nightmare to play.Most egregious is the RNG- I've played for years on the table tossing dice and have never missed as many high-chance shots as this game has. You'll have 85+% to hit across the boad and have only one weapon system land a shot- numerous times. Precision strikes and called shots are basically polite suggestions to the game engine that are summarily ignored as 99% of the time you will miss what you're shooting at. Granted, you'll probably hit the mech you were aiming for- but even with 70% chance to hit CT on targeted mech you'll just hit arms or wiff missiles.Next up on the terrible list is the dead time- I'm stuck waiting forever for the numerous enemies to get done plowing through badlands or forests or whatnot. The cinematic camera doesn't make it any better, and sometimes sticks your perspective in a rock, or in an angle where you can't even see if you are being hit or miss or whatever. No ability to speed up enemy turns or anything coupled with a slow pace makes for extremely annoying dead time.The limit of a single lance- no matter how many pilots and mechs you might have. This limit is ridiculous for a battletech game where you're routinesly fighting upwards of three times the amount units of comprable strength (most of the time). Now- this increased difficulty does in a way force the player to think more tactically- but it is also a limit to how a player can combat the enemy per mission. Especially when the AI is hellbent on rolling your lance one unit at a time no matter the mission.And speaking of AI, AI in this game are simple and illogically driven. The moment you appear on sensors or screen the enemy mechs relentlessly seek to get in optimal fighting range of, usually, a singled-out mech and then proceed to just pound on the hurt. It doesn't matter if the rest of my lance is attacking the VIP that the AI were supposed to be protecting- even the VIP didn't defend themselves but instead assaulted the singled out mech on the other end of the valley. It's just... lackluster.These are the major problems, other minor problems are the cookie cutter maps, I don't particularly mind that- but it can get a bit boring after a while. Or, the rather sloppy optimization, even on a 1080, i7, SSD, all those good things- there is considerable stutter when the camera dips into the fray of battle, there is a blurred spin of the ship's habitation modules as the game tries to think too hard or something.I bought this game thinking it was going to be a digitized version of the battletech table-top game with the addition of a story. What I got was a poorly done Xcom reskin complete with abysmal RNG.
NLxAROSA	Not Recommended	22.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/NLxAROSA/	The good:Basic mechanics and gameplay mechanisms are great.Base/mech management is good.Large universe to exploreThe bad:- Horrible textures, low poly models- Terrible framerates, despite utilizing GPU/CPU (1070/i7) less than 50% (and no, this is not a Unity thing, plenty of games that use the same engine that run great)- Terrible loading times on a fast SSD- RNG results in massive grind to get anything remotely useful- Clunky menus that make the whole base/mech management a chore- Lack of depth in the tactical layer- Lack of depth in skill trees- Very few maps outside of the story missions- Balancing is terribleI think a great game is hidden somewhere under the mess. The first dozen hours or so are great, then boredom/the grind sets in and the balancing issues become really apparent. The grind wouldn't be so bad if there were more than a handful of maps in rotation outside of the campaign. Maybe in a year or so this game will be great, after it had a few patches and updates. Will probably shelve this and play this after a lot of the issues have been addressed.
The Dereckoning	Recommended	100.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198030185789/	TL;DR - Fun game, but definitely make sure you know what you're getting into before you plunk down the cash.Pros: Heat management, customization, terrain, and movement all make for an immersive tactical experience. There's an extremely crunchy experience for you to chew on for a while. Pilot skills also add a nice degree of synergy to take advantage of. If you're a MechWarrior fan, this may be just the treat you've been looking for.Cons: the intro tutorial does /not/ prepare you sufficiently. Hit youtube for some Beginner Guides. And be bloody careful on the first few missions; letting a mech or two get beat up can severely hamper your enjoyment of the early game. Pilots also take a bloodly long time to heal up, making those RNG injuries hurt that much more. Being dropped into command of the mercenary company also felt a little jarring... Would really have liked seeing the MC work their way up the ranks or maybe have to take command during an emergency or something.
godiambored	Not Recommended	130.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198004263419/	I really wanted to like this game. I am a huge fan of the old Mechcommander games and the battle tech universe. Unfortunately, this is a game that makes it clear its a kickstarer game. Visually, the dominant colors in the game are brown or green -- weak colors that make it hard to enjoy your mechs or even tell them apart unless you zoom in. But who cares abbout that stuff, anything for a good ai and strategic battles right? Well, unfortunately you wont get that here either. The ai on the enemies is awful -- it will suicidally move towards you at all cost whether its in light mechs, tanks, whatever. Even the tiniest strategic decisions -- like where to predeploy for battle are removed from you. Instead, if you are significantly out-weighed in terms of tonnage the only solution is to exploit the fact that the ai will attack the weakest unit you have and play a kind of rope-a-dope where 1 mech runs away from a horde of 4-5 enemies you aggroed and the rest of your lance picks everyone apart. The terrible ai extends to your "allies" too. In a number of 'escort' missions you will watch your lightly armed and armored APC run straight under the feet of enemy assault mechs and promptly die on the first or second turn -- even before you had a chance to move!In theory this game could be really good, in reality it appears that ai is not a priority for the developers nor is developing the ability to add more units on the field. Hard stuck at 4 mechs -- and without any weight requirnments -- the most logical choice is to just get 4 super heavy mechs and slowly snipe everyone with long range weapons. Difficult then comes from the developers simply throwing more mechs for you to move down. But again, thanks to the awful ai in most battles youll have a single choke point literred with 5-7 enemy mechs because they obligingly walk to their doom. A real shame. But save your money until a sale.
anemal606	Not Recommended	34.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198087337981/	I feel like im being punished for buying this game.  Ive been playing mechwarrior and battletech games for over 20 years, and in spite of trying really hard to like this game I just cant do it. from the financial system that starts you out on the verge of being bankrupt, and then gives you missions that will bearly pay to cover your time getting to the mission let alone the cost of repairs after the mission, To the weeks and months of in game time it takes to repair your mechs or heal the delicate flowers that are your mech pilots. so it plays out like this, Get a mission> spend 250k in crew saleries to get to mission location> suscessfully acomplish mission with minimal damage> collect your 250k fee, and watch yourself slide further into the red. because the repairs are 300k.>Now you have to wait another 6 weeks for repairs to finish>, pay another months salary>....oh look your bankrupt.> GAME OVER.  even when the story hands you a big payday you have to put every mech you can on the field just to beat the mission, and then the repairs are so expensive you are lucky if you break even. then your looking at 2 months in-game time before you even have a mech to send on a mission!!.  Like many of you I get to spend my days worrying about bills, rent, vehicle repairs, food, gas, power, buisness supplies ect ect ect. in a day and age when a dollar goes like a dime.  Why in the hell would anyone want to play with these game mechanics? and as for the battles....where to begin.  you spend the majority of the game waiting for no apparent reason. after every attack the game just kinda stares at the mechs like its having a brain fart. every action is needlesly drawn out for no reason making the battles go on for 45min+ when it should take 20mins tops.  The customizations take your mech out of action for weeks so even a simple weapons swap will make your mech unavalible for the next missions. its like they went to a thinktank and had them come up with least user friendly game they could imagine.  All in all the game is unenjoyable in its current state. the good doesn't outweigh the bad, and for $40 it shouldin't play like an early access game.
Mr.McGibblets	Not Recommended	12.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197970531942/	Was really hoping for a new Mech Commander style game albeit this being turn based crap I knew it would be a stretch to even come close. But it's not even remotely close, lazy story, cookie cutter missions, very average graphics, cut scenes that can't be skipped, apparently it takes 2 months toi change a few weapons on a mech now... and worst of all the game is soooooo slow. Each mission you spend the majority of the time watching **** animations and listening to corny comments from the pilots.Should of just played Mech Commander again, would have been quicker and mor entertaining.
bogdan192	Not Recommended	160.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198069412060/	Broken. Full of crippling defects. Unplayable at start. Almost unplayable a few weeks after launch. Typical bait and switch for the battletech scene.
freeekmeout	Not Recommended	57.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/freeekmeout/	I really wish there was a button between an up and down vote.I have never played any battletech game before this one. I do enjoy TBS type style games so this was definitely a buy from me. My time with Battletech I have enjoyed but after a while gets really boring as there are no strategy involved. Just run your mechs up and kill the AI. AI will usually just target a single mech to try and take it down. Just Brace that mech and use other mechs to win. I liked the strategy layer similar to XCOM but there was no choice it is used to progress days for repairs or injuries or travel. It felt a bit tact on and I am sure improvements can be made.Story I did not like. Gets spoiled at the start so lack of surprise. There is a war going on and you just get summoned when main character requires you ( I understand that is how mercenaries work but was not impactfull in any way). Main character lacked depth and compassion, felt like she just wants her birthright back at any cost not caring for the people. Your crew of misfits I did not bother to read their backstory I did not find them interesting at all. Linked to these characters is where you find the tutorials. There is a whole bunch of reading to try an understand the tutorial. I ended up just playing around figuring out then read wall upon wall of text tutorials.UI can be improved, the thing that I found the most annoying was when trying to refit mech you need to remember the loadout go out of the mech screens, go into another menu store menu remember what to buy close store go back to mech bay. Would have been better just to access store while refitting.I did not experience any game breaking bugs or other issues withthe game.I did enjoy my time with it but there is plenty lacking. Middle of the road title for me.
Punisher_1	Not Recommended	93.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197974073331/	I'm a long term fan of Mechawarrior and Battletech. I played the first PC games and the table top version. So of course I threw money at this and waited until it was done.Shamefully this game seems to be lacking in almost every way and while I want to enjoy the game it"s just not dynamic enough to really enjoy.Let me explain. The game has limitiations in the areas that are most important, Contracts, obtaining mechs, fielding mechs and vehicles, planning a battle, slecting a deployment area on the map. So really you are a rat in a maze.As you progress in the game you are stuck on increasingly harder missions. So even if you go to a completly different system you will find continued missions that place you against numerically superior numbers. You cannot field more mechs or ground vehicles.You cannot get another drop ship or a larger one. It's difficult to get larger mechs because of the game mechanic applied that requires you to obtain two or three exact variations to make one. For one the load times are consistant and long. Granted the time wasted just loading is really aggrivating.The art is not what one would expect from a modern game. They chose to use someone that did a water color style art as cut scenes it is rather dull but get the point across. The art is decent yet lacks detail. You have to read a lot. I really rather listen to character interact or a cut sceen roll out across the screen.... not in this game. Payment and battle salvage is a TOTALLY♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ing joke. This whole game mechanic is broken and bias. Granted you are given just enough to keep going any venturing ourside the story line path and it could mean the end of the game. I worked my♥♥♥♥♥off to get a mech built only to sell it for next to nothing on the market. Ya, that ultra rare battle machine that is so hard to come by that you had to complete 15 missions to find parts for that variant turns out to be not worth much in c-bills.Missions to sum it up you are always out gunned or numbered or both. This is devistating given you character are hurt or killed requiring days or months for healing or replacements. The same thing for your Mechs one massive battle and they are in the shop for weeks or months. Even though you can explore there is no real reason. There is nothing to do or see and no jobs to be had. For that matter the list of jobs is near nil. But screw it I paid for this game so may as well play it out there's another title that has little replay value.I understand a game is like  work of art next time we need to hire a better artist.
Scream112	Recommended	63.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/scream112/	Product received for free
bogdan192	Not Recommended	160.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198069412060/	Broken. Full of crippling defects. Unplayable at start. Almost unplayable a few weeks after launch. Typical bait and switch for the battletech scene.
Vadanta	Recommended	49.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/vadanta/	Accompanied the convoy. All was good. But at the end of the mission an allied dropship landed on one of my mechs  and destroyed it! ))))10 crushed robots out of 10
"egg?"	Recommended	58.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Fromlette/	As a newcomer to Battletech lore and games, but a fan of Mechs and strategy games, I can say I've enjoyed my experience a lot so far. For me, the main attraction to a game like this is customization, and boy does this game scratch that itch. While not on the customization level of something like Armored core, it let's you do a ton. Let's break it down a bit more: the game allows you to choose from a variety of mechs for your squad, all with a variety of nuances that differientiate them from eachother. Mechs are catogorized into 4 weight groups. Each mech can be customized with different armorments and levels of armor for each body part. Additionally, each mech is piloted by a mechwarrior that levels up as they gain experience on the field. While it is possible to own a large amount of mechs, you can only field four at a time; and different situations might call for different permutations of your mech army. the nuance comes from minmaxing your mechs, and planning synergy within your squads. for example. You can forgo armour on a mech in order to throw on more long range missiles, turning what would normally be a well rounded mech into a glass cannon artillery battery. You then could pair the mech with one possesing less firepower, but heavier armor that can draw fire and scout for your team. there are many possible strategies you can employ, and while initially it will be best to build a jack of all trades unit, eventually you will be able to field any number of specialized combinations in a darkest dungeon-esque manner. The only customization missing is cosmetic. The most the game let's you do is change patterns and a faction wide color scheme for your mechs. Outside of the main gameplay, you also run a mercenary company where you have to deal with what jobs to take, training crew, and maintaining your mechs. This brings some interesting gameplay choices where you might not be able to field a mech in a skirmish because it's currently in repair, or you might need to take a job you otherwise wouldn't because you need the money and the next job is too far away to make it by the time bills are due. The game does have a few issues, performance is a big one. In gameplay, things are fine for me, but load times are glacial. Additionally, good luck with the mechlab if you aren't already confortable with mechanics like the ones this game employs. The game also isn't great at giving you the numbers you need to make wise choices. You won't know *exactly* how good your mech will be at disapating heat until you have it on the field, for example. Game isn't without faults, but if you enjoy strategy and team building, this game won't stear you the wrong way.
goishen	Recommended	261.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/goishen/	Excellent game.   Whether you're a newbie to the franchise or an old vet, an exceptional view of the BattleTech universe.   I've already played through some battles, and I have more to talk about with my friends that play this game than ever before.  I'm seriously loving the game, and any and all DLC that come out for it.   10/10.    
Ossicko	Recommended	258.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Ossicko/	The game itself is great!Just don't expect a polished AAA title - there are still technical and other issues.However, I am fully confident that HBS will continue improving and supporting the game, for years to come.
kokopelli_43	Not Recommended	3.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197972440512/	Hi all.  I've only played for a few hours...  The lore is out of sight.  I love a large mechanoid stompy robot as much as the next person and the game delivers on that front.I've read the reviews about the animations being tedious and slow.  Boring waiting for the weapons to fire in sequence and wait for your turn.  All that is true but permissible in my book for a nice stompy robot game.  That's not the problem.  I personally don't mind and slightly enjoy the animations of the various stompy robots kiling each other.HOWEVER...  The map pathfinding is a dealbreaker.  Yes.  I'm done.  More or less you have two paths to the enemy one chokepoint and one more stealthy approach.  The UI doesn't let you go most places that would be tactically advantageous.  I want to roll left down the hill and as a squad flank the squad facing right on the ridge.   But lo and behold there is no opportunity to roll left.   ♥♥♥♥ this game.This game is not good.  don't buy.   don't buy 
Midget_Hentai	Not Recommended	2.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TwitchItGamer/	The game crashes after the tut. I can't play the game. It needs some patching.
Pr8Dator	Recommended	236.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Pr8Dator/	I played 8 straight hours on the day I bought this game! When was the last game that made me do that?!Do you like Battletech or Mechwarrior?Do you like XCOM style of strategic / tactical gameplay?Add them together and you have the BEST battletech game that has EVER been made! This is that game!The very first battletech game that gives you sandbox freedom over a "geoscape" consisting of the entire inner sphere universe, you will line up repairs, upgrades to your mech, line up soldiers healing, levelling up your mechwarriors etc as you push your dropship through time negotiating contracts, and most importantly, going on tactical missions with your lance in the best turn based rendition of a battletech game ever conceived! Yes, if you are a battletech fan over the past 20 years, you will know what I am talking about and you know you cannot miss it.If you are not a battletech fan and don't know what the whole mechwarrior thing is about, then the combat may feel a bit slow from what most commercial mech games feel like. Its more strategic than action. Either way, if you are that kind, if you just wanna play XCOM with mechs, this is one game you can't miss!
freeekmeout	Not Recommended	57.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/freeekmeout/	I really wish there was a button between an up and down vote.I have never played any battletech game before this one. I do enjoy TBS type style games so this was definitely a buy from me. My time with Battletech I have enjoyed but after a while gets really boring as there are no strategy involved. Just run your mechs up and kill the AI. AI will usually just target a single mech to try and take it down. Just Brace that mech and use other mechs to win. I liked the strategy layer similar to XCOM but there was no choice it is used to progress days for repairs or injuries or travel. It felt a bit tact on and I am sure improvements can be made.Story I did not like. Gets spoiled at the start so lack of surprise. There is a war going on and you just get summoned when main character requires you ( I understand that is how mercenaries work but was not impactfull in any way). Main character lacked depth and compassion, felt like she just wants her birthright back at any cost not caring for the people. Your crew of misfits I did not bother to read their backstory I did not find them interesting at all. Linked to these characters is where you find the tutorials. There is a whole bunch of reading to try an understand the tutorial. I ended up just playing around figuring out then read wall upon wall of text tutorials.UI can be improved, the thing that I found the most annoying was when trying to refit mech you need to remember the loadout go out of the mech screens, go into another menu store menu remember what to buy close store go back to mech bay. Would have been better just to access store while refitting.I did not experience any game breaking bugs or other issues withthe game.I did enjoy my time with it but there is plenty lacking. Middle of the road title for me.
Psyker	Recommended	42.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/psyker101/	If you are a fan of the good old Battletech tabletop game, the Battletech universe or even just turn based strategy in general, this is a fantastic game.  I've been a Mechwarrior/Battletech fan for most of my life and this game is true to setting.  The combat is an initiative turn based system with weapons and attacks that just have a nice look and feel.  Missile, lasers, autocannons, and a bunch of other weapons are featured and when they connect pieces of mechs start flying.  Even with just a skirmish mode I would recommend this game for the mech combat but the campaign (so far) has been interesting and compelled me to keep going.  Again, even if you just like turn based strategy and don't know anything about Battletech, pick this up.  You'll enjoy it.
JayRob	Recommended	32.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/alteredtomorrow/	Triggered right-wingers aside, this is a great game so far.  No technical problems on my end yet besides the occasional bug.  There are camera customizations to limit a lot of the "slow down" people are talking about in combat.It's slightly rough around the edges and needs a bit of optimization both in the engine and the UI, but it's minor.
Pancakes	Not Recommended	25.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/MomsterPancake/	*Will change review once issues are fixed*So I have a lot of time in this game. 99% of that time is dealing with the infinite loading screen. This issue happens one of two ways. When you finish a mission and are one your way back to base or when you are trying to go to one of the locations on your base. This has made it so that I cannot really do anything in the campaign after the tutorial missions.I do want to make note that not everyone has this issue. The Devs are also working on trying to fix it for those of us having this problem. I would also like to note that what I can play I have had fun with. I just cannot recommend it at this time.
Scream112	Recommended	63.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/scream112/	Product received for free
Solomon Grundle	Not Recommended	42.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/thedudester/	The battletech lore is one that I've enjoyed since childhood- playing battletech table top miniatures and the early videogames in arcades and on consoles was amazing. The thrill of piloting and commanding towering mechs and fighting tactically was wonderful and fun. This game is a lot less fun than throwing dice on the tabletop miniatures version of battletech. The major problems that I see with this game are few, but they are critical failures that make this seemingly perfect mix of nostalgia and accessibility a nightmare to play.Most egregious is the RNG- I've played for years on the table tossing dice and have never missed as many high-chance shots as this game has. You'll have 85+% to hit across the boad and have only one weapon system land a shot- numerous times. Precision strikes and called shots are basically polite suggestions to the game engine that are summarily ignored as 99% of the time you will miss what you're shooting at. Granted, you'll probably hit the mech you were aiming for- but even with 70% chance to hit CT on targeted mech you'll just hit arms or wiff missiles.Next up on the terrible list is the dead time- I'm stuck waiting forever for the numerous enemies to get done plowing through badlands or forests or whatnot. The cinematic camera doesn't make it any better, and sometimes sticks your perspective in a rock, or in an angle where you can't even see if you are being hit or miss or whatever. No ability to speed up enemy turns or anything coupled with a slow pace makes for extremely annoying dead time.The limit of a single lance- no matter how many pilots and mechs you might have. This limit is ridiculous for a battletech game where you're routinesly fighting upwards of three times the amount units of comprable strength (most of the time). Now- this increased difficulty does in a way force the player to think more tactically- but it is also a limit to how a player can combat the enemy per mission. Especially when the AI is hellbent on rolling your lance one unit at a time no matter the mission.And speaking of AI, AI in this game are simple and illogically driven. The moment you appear on sensors or screen the enemy mechs relentlessly seek to get in optimal fighting range of, usually, a singled-out mech and then proceed to just pound on the hurt. It doesn't matter if the rest of my lance is attacking the VIP that the AI were supposed to be protecting- even the VIP didn't defend themselves but instead assaulted the singled out mech on the other end of the valley. It's just... lackluster.These are the major problems, other minor problems are the cookie cutter maps, I don't particularly mind that- but it can get a bit boring after a while. Or, the rather sloppy optimization, even on a 1080, i7, SSD, all those good things- there is considerable stutter when the camera dips into the fray of battle, there is a blurred spin of the ship's habitation modules as the game tries to think too hard or something.I bought this game thinking it was going to be a digitized version of the battletech table-top game with the addition of a story. What I got was a poorly done Xcom reskin complete with abysmal RNG.
Vadanta	Recommended	49.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/vadanta/	Accompanied the convoy. All was good. But at the end of the mission an allied dropship landed on one of my mechs  and destroyed it! ))))10 crushed robots out of 10
"egg?"	Recommended	58.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Fromlette/	As a newcomer to Battletech lore and games, but a fan of Mechs and strategy games, I can say I've enjoyed my experience a lot so far. For me, the main attraction to a game like this is customization, and boy does this game scratch that itch. While not on the customization level of something like Armored core, it let's you do a ton. Let's break it down a bit more: the game allows you to choose from a variety of mechs for your squad, all with a variety of nuances that differientiate them from eachother. Mechs are catogorized into 4 weight groups. Each mech can be customized with different armorments and levels of armor for each body part. Additionally, each mech is piloted by a mechwarrior that levels up as they gain experience on the field. While it is possible to own a large amount of mechs, you can only field four at a time; and different situations might call for different permutations of your mech army. the nuance comes from minmaxing your mechs, and planning synergy within your squads. for example. You can forgo armour on a mech in order to throw on more long range missiles, turning what would normally be a well rounded mech into a glass cannon artillery battery. You then could pair the mech with one possesing less firepower, but heavier armor that can draw fire and scout for your team. there are many possible strategies you can employ, and while initially it will be best to build a jack of all trades unit, eventually you will be able to field any number of specialized combinations in a darkest dungeon-esque manner. The only customization missing is cosmetic. The most the game let's you do is change patterns and a faction wide color scheme for your mechs. Outside of the main gameplay, you also run a mercenary company where you have to deal with what jobs to take, training crew, and maintaining your mechs. This brings some interesting gameplay choices where you might not be able to field a mech in a skirmish because it's currently in repair, or you might need to take a job you otherwise wouldn't because you need the money and the next job is too far away to make it by the time bills are due. The game does have a few issues, performance is a big one. In gameplay, things are fine for me, but load times are glacial. Additionally, good luck with the mechlab if you aren't already confortable with mechanics like the ones this game employs. The game also isn't great at giving you the numbers you need to make wise choices. You won't know *exactly* how good your mech will be at disapating heat until you have it on the field, for example. Game isn't without faults, but if you enjoy strategy and team building, this game won't stear you the wrong way.
goishen	Recommended	261.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/goishen/	Excellent game.   Whether you're a newbie to the franchise or an old vet, an exceptional view of the BattleTech universe.   I've already played through some battles, and I have more to talk about with my friends that play this game than ever before.  I'm seriously loving the game, and any and all DLC that come out for it.   10/10.    
Ossicko	Recommended	258.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Ossicko/	The game itself is great!Just don't expect a polished AAA title - there are still technical and other issues.However, I am fully confident that HBS will continue improving and supporting the game, for years to come.
Altrue	Recommended	28.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/altrue/	A good game with an interesting story, accurate depiction of the Mechwarrior franchise, and the depth / difficulty that one could expect from a Paradox game.Some negative points: The pacing of the action is poorly done, with lots of annoying forced breaks due to the cinematic camera. Aside from the sheer number of interruptions -and the lack of settings to disable most of them-, the wasted time before and after the action being shown is quite frustrating.In the same vein, the dialogue UI is highly unresponsive, taking about a second to show the next sentence after you've picked an answer, and sometimes showing brief flashes of what I hope is the previous dialogue (if I'm wrong then it means that clicking "Next" sometimes skips a dialogue line altogether).Still, me being very vocal about some small negative points should not deter you from buying the game if you're a fan of Mechwarriors and "Paradox Strategy".
Midget_Hentai	Not Recommended	2.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TwitchItGamer/	The game crashes after the tut. I can't play the game. It needs some patching.
Biggus Diccus	Recommended	25.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198003899862/	Good, solid tactical turn-based game.HBS has done a great job here of presenting the tabletop Battletech game for a 21st century audience.I have every faith that the minor niggles many (doubtless impatient and over-critical whippersnappers who have no experience of the game's origins) have mentioned will be ironed out and improved upon in due course. Out-of-the-gate it's a game which works, and works well. Which is more than can be said for many, supposedly finished, products these days. Mods will come, expansions will come and tweaks and improvements will come, but the game is great in its current state already.Don't listen to the naysayers expecting perfection. No game is perfect. There are issues, such as a lack of detailed information regarding turn order. I'd like to see this, and other Q.o.L user interface improvements come along, and I'm confident that this will indeed happen in time, either through updates or mods.The tactical combat is thorough and satisfying. Novel mechanics, such as heat management and selecting field of view add something to mark this title out as something more than just another X-Com clone. There are similarities, of course: Merc company management is certainly reminiscent of managing your squad in X-Com, but sufficiently different to be considered "fresh" Outfitting your 'Mechs is a genuiine highlight of this "behind the scenes" aspect of this game. Fans of management games (as well as MWO players) should be very happy with this feature.If you're interested in turn-based strategy or the Battletech/Mechwarrior universe, then this is a game which you will certainly enjoy.
Coastal	Recommended	49.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Coastal0/	This is the MechCommander you've been waiting for since 1998.
Pr8Dator	Recommended	236.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Pr8Dator/	I played 8 straight hours on the day I bought this game! When was the last game that made me do that?!Do you like Battletech or Mechwarrior?Do you like XCOM style of strategic / tactical gameplay?Add them together and you have the BEST battletech game that has EVER been made! This is that game!The very first battletech game that gives you sandbox freedom over a "geoscape" consisting of the entire inner sphere universe, you will line up repairs, upgrades to your mech, line up soldiers healing, levelling up your mechwarriors etc as you push your dropship through time negotiating contracts, and most importantly, going on tactical missions with your lance in the best turn based rendition of a battletech game ever conceived! Yes, if you are a battletech fan over the past 20 years, you will know what I am talking about and you know you cannot miss it.If you are not a battletech fan and don't know what the whole mechwarrior thing is about, then the combat may feel a bit slow from what most commercial mech games feel like. Its more strategic than action. Either way, if you are that kind, if you just wanna play XCOM with mechs, this is one game you can't miss!
Altrue	Recommended	28.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/altrue/	A good game with an interesting story, accurate depiction of the Mechwarrior franchise, and the depth / difficulty that one could expect from a Paradox game.Some negative points: The pacing of the action is poorly done, with lots of annoying forced breaks due to the cinematic camera. Aside from the sheer number of interruptions -and the lack of settings to disable most of them-, the wasted time before and after the action being shown is quite frustrating.In the same vein, the dialogue UI is highly unresponsive, taking about a second to show the next sentence after you've picked an answer, and sometimes showing brief flashes of what I hope is the previous dialogue (if I'm wrong then it means that clicking "Next" sometimes skips a dialogue line altogether).Still, me being very vocal about some small negative points should not deter you from buying the game if you're a fan of Mechwarriors and "Paradox Strategy".
Ko	Recommended	10.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198037879990/	Only a few hours on record so far, solid turnbased game. The people complaining about long loading times are full of♥♥♥♥♥♥ so are the ones that complain about fps drops. There is some mild problems, but this isn't a AAA game so get over it.
Darth Wololo	Recommended	75.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/DarthWololo/	I've been hyping for this game for 2 years now, since I backed it on Kickstarter. It hás been one of the best games i have ever played.
Sim Simma	Recommended	21.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198107566795/	Brought this today and already clocked up 8 hours plus. Tried so many games lately but couldnt get into any of them, but this wow what a game! Theres just so much to do, the combat is brilliant and the maps are fantastic. I never heard of the battletech franchise before this game and dont really care about the board game etc all i do know that this game is truely magnificent!A must buy 10/10
1coolgrandpa	Recommended	156.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/1coolgrandpa/	This game has some problems but its still fun.1. The loading screens are waaaay to long.2. When a mission is over why cant you just be done in single player? Why drive/move back to pick up zone when all enemies are killed?3. Fun game but I am kind of not wanting to play it because of these tedious things.***More****The game is hard as hell. Never enough money and only 4 mechs to fight 8. BS. Not happy with this game. Slower than♥♥♥♥♥♥to load screens as well. Had I known this before I bought it I would really think hard about it then buy it because well it's mechgs but then I'd be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off for those reasons.
sam_i_was	Recommended	70.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198033351335/	This game brought back so many memories of playing battletech in my friend's basement in eighth grade. The developers did a fanatastic job of bringing the paper rules to life. I loved watching my locust run. I got excited when a death from above landed perfectly. Nothing was better than seeing a called torse shot ignite a load LRM ammo. I recommend buying this game. It's not perfect but it's a hell of a lot of fun.
Matthew S	Recommended	765.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198058484054/	This game has fantastic moving music, compelling gameplay, a fun mech building mission selecting sandbox, and gient mechanical murder machines.Did I mention the murder machines?20/10, Take my money!
Altrue	Recommended	28.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/altrue/	A good game with an interesting story, accurate depiction of the Mechwarrior franchise, and the depth / difficulty that one could expect from a Paradox game.Some negative points: The pacing of the action is poorly done, with lots of annoying forced breaks due to the cinematic camera. Aside from the sheer number of interruptions -and the lack of settings to disable most of them-, the wasted time before and after the action being shown is quite frustrating.In the same vein, the dialogue UI is highly unresponsive, taking about a second to show the next sentence after you've picked an answer, and sometimes showing brief flashes of what I hope is the previous dialogue (if I'm wrong then it means that clicking "Next" sometimes skips a dialogue line altogether).Still, me being very vocal about some small negative points should not deter you from buying the game if you're a fan of Mechwarriors and "Paradox Strategy".
Coastal	Recommended	49.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Coastal0/	This is the MechCommander you've been waiting for since 1998.
Biggus Diccus	Recommended	25.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198003899862/	Good, solid tactical turn-based game.HBS has done a great job here of presenting the tabletop Battletech game for a 21st century audience.I have every faith that the minor niggles many (doubtless impatient and over-critical whippersnappers who have no experience of the game's origins) have mentioned will be ironed out and improved upon in due course. Out-of-the-gate it's a game which works, and works well. Which is more than can be said for many, supposedly finished, products these days. Mods will come, expansions will come and tweaks and improvements will come, but the game is great in its current state already.Don't listen to the naysayers expecting perfection. No game is perfect. There are issues, such as a lack of detailed information regarding turn order. I'd like to see this, and other Q.o.L user interface improvements come along, and I'm confident that this will indeed happen in time, either through updates or mods.The tactical combat is thorough and satisfying. Novel mechanics, such as heat management and selecting field of view add something to mark this title out as something more than just another X-Com clone. There are similarities, of course: Merc company management is certainly reminiscent of managing your squad in X-Com, but sufficiently different to be considered "fresh" Outfitting your 'Mechs is a genuiine highlight of this "behind the scenes" aspect of this game. Fans of management games (as well as MWO players) should be very happy with this feature.If you're interested in turn-based strategy or the Battletech/Mechwarrior universe, then this is a game which you will certainly enjoy.
Zarcon	Recommended	121.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198005773701/	I'll write a more in depth review later on once I've experienced more of the game, but so far I am having a BLAST!  :)I uh, might be in trouble with my wife tho, played a ton today, lol.
Gorcossax	Recommended	150.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198049865292/	If you're an old Mech player this is a great filler until the next MechWarrior comes out. Really enjoy the campaign of this game, balacing your squads morale, their mechs, even their stats. A lot of fun.  
MotokoV2	Recommended	275.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198037284047/	9 / 10Needs moar madcats
I_ R0N1N_I	Recommended	1,157.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198009290693/	Fast becoming my favourite game in recent times,. At the time of review i have clocked 38 hours, although preloaded the game wwasnt released till 5pm on the 24th of april. This review is at 9;55am on the 36th... it's quite possible i havnt had any sleep since it's release but that's ridiculous right?Even though there are obvious similarities between this and xcom(it's closest competitor in the turn based strategy genre) I can assure you it's an original try at bringing battletech the bordgame from FASA to the computer. Faithfull to it's lore which is fairly rich(other than the amazing technical readouts there are the novels, my favourite biegn the Warroir trilogy by Micheal Stackpole). As a small adendum i should say fan's of EVE online will be right at home both with the battle's and the micromanagement.
The Vulture	Recommended	18.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197987153161/	An excellent strategy/management sim which is oozing with ambience and lore. The combat mechanics are fun and satisfying. The mech variety is just enough to keep you choosing between several models of viable choices at all weights. It feels weighty. It feels deep. It is well delivered mech on mech action and I absolutely recommend it to any fan of mechs or turn-based strategy.I have encountered few bugs and only a couple of crashes (none of which had any consequence beyond restarting the game).My only concern is long-term replayability but so far I am too busy blowing up and salvaging mechs to really care.
kattahn	Recommended	387.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kattahn/	I have never written a review this long before but this game is near and dear to my heart so I wanted to do it justice. Full disclosure I was a Catalyst Demo Rep for several years and taught people to play BATTLETECH tabletop, as well as other games like Leviathans and Shadowrun Crossfire at GenCon, Origins, PAX East and TotalCon. I have no affiliation with Hairbrained Schemes other than having Kickstarted all of their Shadowrun games and this one.I'll start by saying that Classic BATTLETECH is a darling of mine. I started playing the tabletop game when I was 11 and it was called BattleDroids. I have longed for a video game version that evokes the feelings that I get when playing the tabletop game but that added all of the flavor and excitement that is possible in a PC/Console game. I would like to say that BATTLETECH surprised me but the truth is that after the excellent work HBS did on the Shadowrun games I wouldn't have trusted anyone else to bring this game to life.The plot and pacing of BATTLETECH is dynamic and compelling, if a bit derivative (SPOILER: how many times have we rescued a kingdom from an authoratarian coup?) Like a typical tabletop campaign, the story takes place over a series of strategic missions that the player is pivotal to winning. It's not required that you win every battle, it is possible to withdraw from battles losing some or all of the payout and some reputation. The important point is that every win or loss matters and can have long-term implications both to the campaign and the player. BATTLETECH can be very unforgiving. Mechs that are destroyed must be rebuilt. This costs time and money, both in dear supply in this game. Pilots you worked with over many missions, building up their experience, making hard decisions about their future, get headshotted and die permanently unless you go to a previous save (your character can't die but they can be out of action for several months after being shot out of a mech). If you can't afford to pay your way you go bankrupt and it's game over, quite literally.The user interface is chock full of information, which can be a mixed blessing. This is not a simple game and all of the information the UI presents to the player is important but it could use a bit more explanation. The Mechlab shines, however and is probably the best implementation of this critical tool done to-date.  Adding and removing parts feels weighty and decisions in the Mechlab always have consequences in battle. Too many weapons and not enough heat-sinks and your mech shutsdown, blows up or spends vital time cooling instead of taking part in the battle. Add those heatsinks and now you have to strip armor or weapons to compensate and you become a glass cannon. No short range weapons and your mech is a feast for zippy little light mechs or brawlers that love to come in close.Battles are well-paced and really make you feel like you are in a big hunk of machinery. The mech, vehicle and building graphics are great although some of the maps are a little barren looking and the trees look like they never expected the player to zoom in too far. Sounds are well done if a bit sparse. This game is not without its issues, however. It has a very dense User Interface that requires some time to understand since there is not a ton of documentation on it. The game does not support Ultrawide screens natively and it has some performance problems when playing for a long time. The Mech Lab, while incredibly intuitive, and there are some Quality of Life improvements I think would go a long way to making the UI One thing I would like to add is in regards to the Story/Backstory. Most people are completely unaware of the fact that Battletech has been around since the early 80s, has over 500 mech variants, and hundreds of source books and novels. Trying to educate the players to all or even some of this backstory could have buried this game which is already text-heavy. I really appreciate the effort that HBS went to in adding the built-in-but-totally-optional glossary/historical record that allows players to dig in and learn more about many people, places, mechs, equipment manufacturers etc that you run across in this game. What a great idea to not throw all that text at the player but just let them hover over words to learn more. Hats off to HBS for this nod to the over 30 years of Battletech Lore.While this game has its issues, as a long time fan I have to give this one two huge battlemech thumbs up! HBS did a great job of tweaking the 30+ year old ruleset to work as a computer game and they did it in a way that is very recognizable to the old school crowd. When I play this game I think about the tabletop game and I feel like many of the same strategies work in the same situations. TLDR: If you like Classic Battletech or Mecwarrior or have always wanted to get a chance to drive a big walking tank and don't mind a few technical glitches (that will almost certainly be patched out eventually) then you will probably like this game a lot.
Cynewulf	Recommended	169.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198000988199/	I am a long-time Battletech fan who first discovered the setting playing a demo of MechWarrior 2 back when the only reasonable way of getting such things was through a magazine. The game does a lot to immerse you in the setting, with music reminiscent of classic 'Mech games and enough name drops to thoroughly confuse a newbie. BATTLETECH isn't a 1:1 recreation of the tabletop, but that doesn't seem to be the intent. It is instead a new take on how to portray 'Mech combat, and it's a worthy addition to the franchise.I am 15 hours in and so far I have only done ONE storyline mission. Not only that, so far every generated mission has been different. I can easily see myself getting over 100 hours of quality playtime, and that's before I start using unofficial mods to change various factors in my second playthrough.I have had ONE technical issue with the game so far, and that was a result of alt+tabbing multiple times to use my browser so I'm not sure I can blame the game for that.The game has MOSTLY been fairly easy (despite a couple missions where I got wrecked due to overconfidence), but I've been playing tactical/strategic and Battletech games for over 20 years so it's possible my experience may play a factor, whether you have it easy will also depend on your experience.One piece of advice: Don't get attached to Dekker. Although it's completely random, he seems to die in everyone's playthrough. For me he died in the very first mission due to a lucky headshot.
Revenant	Recommended	57.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198015592827/	There have been countless games based off the Battletech/Mechwarrior franchise but it's been an extremely long time since anyone has tackled a turn based strategy game using the original tabletop game as it's inspiration. And in that time the games have been hit or miss but the pedigree of the company and people behind this iteration made it the first thing I've ever backed on Kickstarter. Having Jordan Weisman, who created Battletech, and Mitch Gitelman, who made games like Mechcommander 2, was a clear sign that they knew what they were doing and seeing the other games in Harebrained Scheme's roster showed that they knew how to deliver. And boy did they ever.Battletech is a gorgeous, detailed, and enjoyable recreation of the tabletop for the PC with changes here or there to help streamline and make a great single player experience (with some multiplayer to be expanded on later, but it's still always primarily a single player game,) that will provide hours and hours of 'mech stomping action. The art style used is brilliant and detailed while also managing to capture the scale of the 'mechs and the intensity of combat using four story tall weapons of destruction. The accompanying sound effects and music pull you in and place you directly in the action or drown you in ambiance as you fight your way across multiple landscapes and are treated to some of the most beautifully stylized cutscenes. Everything in Battletech shows how much a labor of love this game franchise is for them and how much they care about the variety and immersion of what the player sees and feels.Battletech wins in every category and makes me so excited to see what the future holds with it in the hands of Harebrained Schemes. The Battletech universe is diverse and has a rich history all it's own and there are so many amazing stories that could be told through this amazing new take on it!
Dinnitz	Recommended	116.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198018903754/	I really like this game, it can be brutal, where an (un)lucky shot can kill one of your mechwarriors, but that is also what makes the game really immersive. You have the feel of the harshness of the Battletech universe.The atmosphere is really well done.I really like the graphics, MWO's models are really nice and fit very well.On the downside, the tutorial could use a bit of work: quite a few of the options, details and possibilities on the battlefield are left out...I'm not too far in the campaign yet, but I found the storytelling really well made.I definitely recommend the game.
Hydro Merano	Not Recommended	36.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198024439666/	As of this point in time, I am leaving this review in regards to its current state, once Harebrained and Paradox fix it, then I will adjust the review as necessary.Clock's ticking, its already been a week without them releasing a patch for the  game-breaking problems, and no, the beta batch does not fix anything. A couple of my friends can't even play the game (despite meeting well-above the needed requirements to play it), due to it not even being able to launch for them.Pros:Fun random events during the management portion.Great story, lots of in-depth options, and ease of being able to get details by the orange text.Voice acting isn't bad.Music is fantastic, and helps get you in the headspace for combat, or to fit the scenes.Dialogue between mechwarriors is often funny.Cons:The battle system in its current state is broken. If you got jumpjets, you're basically immune to damage unless your opponents get lucky, jumpjets provide no negatives, as the "downside" to it is increased heat generation, which is negilibleAI gets headshots at a 20%~ ratio vs. your 1%. This isn't even an exaggeration, its been tested. Many missions are outright impossible to do due to a bug in the stagger system on said missions, when its designed to come in waves, it just releases them all at once on you. You can tell this is a bug because if you destroy the original target, it'll state reinforcements are coming, when they're already there, or if you're smart/lucky, they'll be dead by then.Good luck going against that 4v10-12, with your mediums/1heavy, against their mediums/heavies/vehicles raining hellfire upon you right from the jump, destroying half your team before you even get a turn.Memory leaks, game crashes, game refusing to even start, immense lag and terrible loading times.This game needed two more months of development before it was ready, hopefully Paradox and Harebrained Schemes won't take two months to patch it.I am not holding my breath.
mikewall	Recommended	253.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197992963242/	I played the board game back in the 80's & was looking for a new game, when i saw this i took a gamble and forked out the £34.99. At first i thought this was going to be a very linear, mediocre rendition of BattleTech but after the first few story missions were over, oh boy was i wrong.  The game opens up into a really in depth & quite complicated sandbox offering not only better mechs but also better space ships to transport you're mercenary band around the galaxy, ship upgrades that improve mech repair speed, re-fit speed, crew experience, moral, storage etc. and plenty more. I'm only 26 hrs in but loving the game, one great aspect for me is the collecting scrap at the end of the battle. If you are careful and target both legs of you're favorite enemy mech, you will be able to salvage it, repair the legs then use it in you're next fight.
Mojol	Recommended	94.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mojol/	I've invested 56 hours into this game thus far and it has been a challenging and rewarding experience. The tactical combat is superb and traveling on a ship in space with an Xcom2 style interface is a lot of fun. You can fully customize mechs and specialize them. I built a tank with only short range weapons, tons of armor, and lots of mobility and damage dealing mechs that can attack from various distances. The mechwarriors level up as you play and you choose one of four paths to build them into a specialized pilot. I can't say enough good things about this game. You are missing out if you find it too difficult and don't keep playing to build your mechs and pilots into the warriors they can be. This game is challenging, but that makes you care all the more about your mech and pilot health. Every ship upgrade matters too. If you love tactical strategy and the idea of running around inside a giant mech battling it out with other mechs, vehicles, and turrets, you're going to have a great time with this game. I can't stop playing.
Yehoshua	Recommended	173.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198022295921/	Plays like a great board game (not sure how faithful it is to the original, but my guess is quite faithful) while masking all of the dice rolling safely under the hood.After 25 hours this is incredibly pleasant and crunchy mech-building and destroying, although I am hoping the late game opens up with more variety in the winning builds; my feeling right now is that missiles and lasers are supreme.Would definitely recommend to anyone who liked Battle Brothers or similar hex-based games.
Requiem	Recommended	90.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198005227150/	Graphics:4/5Gameplay: 4.5/5Story: 4/5Social: 3.5/5Technical: 3/5Audio: 4/5Value: 4.5/5So far i have sunk over 24 hours into the game and imo im just starting.Graphics: the cutscenes are imaginative and beautiful without just giving us 3 min here of a video we want to skip. the dirty and gritty feeling of the cutscenes make you want to watch and it doesnt just feel like another spliced video but a continuation of what just happened in game. The battlefields are gorgous. semi destructable terrain is pretty good and menu interfaces are intuitive and well done.Story: its rare for a game to bring tears to my eyes but this one did.. I actually thought the story line would just be a "meh" that i have to deal with to get to the game play but even though "avenge my lost family" is a very worn story (especially in the battletech universe) this game will pull your heartstrings and make your feels go overboard.Social: There is a pvp. It was huge in the Beta and i fully expect there to be dedicated Battletech players battleing it out for years to come. the balancing system is pretty darn good and allows for a LOT of competative matchups. I give a 3.5/5 due to the fact that it hasnt quite broken out yet... but as people want "more" than just playing randomly generated quests and want that edge of difficulty i fully expect it to go sky high.Technical: I have played 27 hours and the game crashed on me once and there was a bug in one quest. The crash probably was my fault because I kept tabbing out and on my second screen was both watching a video and streaming my main screen. The bug was: in a storyline mission. when you get the argo. i saved in the middle and went to sleep. when i woke up and played it again the next day the enemies who were supposed to spawn didnt. I restarted the quest and it worked perfectly. I think where i saved it caused the system to not trigger the spawn of the enemies. I lost about 20 minutes of time. Audio: the sounds are amazing and the quirps and quips of the battlemech pilots are amusing. the voice acting is spectacular.Value: this game cost me 39.99. I did not buy the deluxe edition. It is more than worth this and will I will probably run into a .50:1 money to hour ratio before i slow down playing this game. TLDR:  If you are a fan of strategy games and love sci fi battles or just big mechs in particular this is for you! If you wan a simple hack and slash or MW:O esk its not going to work out. This game is not something i would tell everyone to buy. but if you do like the this type of game it will be something i see you playing for years on end. Also i forsee a lot of DLC and expansions in the future. 49 years before clan invasion and no lost tech means HBS has a lot to work with and will expect to see new weapons and mechs very soon.  
Soth	Recommended	61.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198003389351/	It is a great game. It is not polished but it is very deep and complex. We have a good mercenary company sim at last. And you can squash tanks under the foot like cockroaches they are.
AntediluvianArk	Recommended	9.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/antediluvianark/	So glad Harebrained included the pronoun options they did! This is the distant future after all. :-)More importantly, this is a turn-based mech game with wonderful RPG/customization elements, that is one of the closer digital adaptions of the tabletop game that has ever graced the PC.  
Booda	Not Recommended	13.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198026852777/	Game feels pretty clunky.  Mechcommander was a better game nearly 18 years earlier.Update May 1 2018:  Game crashes on launch, giving a dialog box with 'Oops' and asking me to send the crash log to the developer.  No path forward to repair or other suggestions.Went looking for help at the Discussion tab, the FAQ has 26 pages of people with the same crashing issue.  I'm sure glad that I bought this game on launch so I could beta test it.  Yikes.Update:  Seems to be working now.
Velihopea	Recommended	9.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Velihopeaboo/	Iz good
Django Off The Shits	Recommended	59.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/_PirateGuy_/	I punched a robot in the groin and they died, so this is basically the best game of all time
brianp110369	Not Recommended	68.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198128107105/	What a complete and utter waste of money!  The interface is unresponsive and frequently does things other than what you tell it to, the game-play is painfully slow (yes I know it's turn-based but even for a turn-based game it's clunky) and the overall experience thus far is terrible!*update*  After playing this game for a couple days I can now add that it is also buggy... It has crashed my system four times now.
RYYX	Recommended	13.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197981904472/	First impression - MEH 7 out of 10. Second impressions - Hey... not too bad. 8.5 out of 10. So, initially I was harsh on this game, but reccomended it because I suspected there was a good game hiding under the kind of stressful first 2 hours or so of the game. It had a steep steep learning curve at first, and I felt like I didn't have much control, that was, I suppose, by design, the first 2 story missions are rough, I actually lost the first mission the first time I played and I felt it was mainly due to lack of clear understanding of how the game expects you to play it.  The tutorial for combat was rather simplistic and didn't really relay information to me on what different HUD elements meant. Also, the Release build of the game had a HORRIFIC loading time between the main menu, and the first minutes of the game.  A black loading screen for literally 5 minutes on a PC that is rated as a UFO for gaming, running a SSD dedicated to Steam/gaming aps, 16 gigs of DDR4 at OC speeds, a GTX 1080, and an AMD Ryzen 7. Unacceptable. Subsequent plays of the game have no such problem however, game loads up in reasonable time now. So what about the game?On my second impression session, I got to the point in the game where the whole "Mercenary" angle of the game really starts to happen, getting to know my shipmates, my mechwarriors.  Learning about mech customization and picking missions. Once the game opens up, you have a very "Cowboy bebop - Broke Mercs in space" feel to the whole thing, and watching my funds dwindle while waiting for repairs was agonizing and adds SO much concern to your actions in battle. I actually cringe everey time a mech takes more than just armor damage (armor damage is free to repair, structure or loss of components isn't and takes a LONG time in some cases). The balance of the difficulty becomes very easy to deal with at least for a while in the beginning, so once you make it through the first 2 story missions, if those are giving you trouble, don't sweat it, the missions after are milk runs.  Realistically I feel like these milk run missions should have come first... But I digress. Overal the game NAILS the experience of PNP RPG's like mechwarrior, while maintaining a pretty good BATTLETECH experience in terms of tactics and crunch. If you are a tabletop Mechwarrior or Battletech fan don't miss this. If you are more into the FPS mechwarrior games, buy it under advizement that it is turn based and nothing like the FPS games. If you are into Xcom style games - Meh, you may love it, you may hate it. I have a feeling this game will go up to a 9 out of 10 for me if it keeps along this track. Thanks HBS for this great game!
Soth	Recommended	61.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198003389351/	It is a great game. It is not polished but it is very deep and complex. We have a good mercenary company sim at last. And you can squash tanks under the foot like cockroaches they are.
Running-Target	Recommended	21.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Running-Target/	BATTLETECH is a turn based tactical strategy game where you control Battle Mechs in a mercenary company.  It works on Win 10, looked good, played good, sounded good.  This game is a simulation of the tabletop Battletech game universe and looks like it follows the rules and lore pretty well.  It has a multi-player skirmish mode, single player skirmish mode and single player campaign mode.  Has a large amount of soundtracks for background music.  Has partial mech customization system, you are limited to changing weapons and jumpjets on copies of fixed chassis.The game is as complex and difficult like the tabletop game was.  Currently, the game has some bugs and negative features that need ironing out.  In the campaign, you might have to replay missions or restart campaign, till you get a winning run.  Save your game Often.  Find videos, read the forum, and steam guides to improve your knowledge of the game.  The tutorial is very basic but the game has tooltips, and there is no official manual.  There is some stupid mistakes that you can do while playing that will cost you dearly, so you need to be careful.  The RNG can be bad for you in the game.  The campaign missions have RNG changing what you face in the game.Buy it if you liked playing the tabletop Battletech games and the Mechcommander games or if you like this sort of game, hopefully on sale.For more info:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZExYKZBCpNUhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wymN7O2CvEYhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZrZFN-t4V0ghttp://www.metacritic.com/game/pc/battletechhttp://www.gameinformer.com/games/battletech/b/pc/archive/2018/03/27/taking-a-strategic-approach-to-mech-combat.aspxhttp://www.ign.com/articles/2018/04/25/battletech-reviewhttps://www.rockpapershotgun.com/tag/battletech/https://www.pcgamer.com/battletech-review/ 
generalmillsss	Recommended	1.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Shnabelteir/	Going into this I had a vauge idea of what to expect. Big robot shoot other big robot. Ended up with a sorda choose your own adventure story with hundreds of ways to mix and match the DAKKA.
Silfarionblade	Recommended	131.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/silfarionblade/	Good gameplay, awesome customization. And the upcoming career mode and dlc look awesome!
IMP_102	Recommended	57.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/IMP_102/	I've got this game because I was looking for something similar to xcom 2 in terms of combat. Never really was into battletech except for MW4: Mercenaries. Anyhow, this game did not dissapoint.Pros:+ Big one for me. The xcom and xcom 2 are driving me up the wall with the constant unending dialog that interrupt the game flow. You get a mission briefing while flying to the mission, you get the same briefing on the first turn of the mission, you get constant commentary that stops gameplay in the middle of a mission even though you did that mission type like 12 times before. CO constantly ♥♥♥♥♥ing about the turns left on a turn limit timer. It's almost like those games don't want the player to play them sometimes. None of that (or very rarelly) in Battletech, pure bliss. ++++ my experience with xcom 2 is that by the end game encounters with enemy pods is a one, two tops turn affair, with your guys taking almost no return fire. In Battletech battles are multi-turn exchange of fire between mechs. Your lance will be taking damage, you will be loosing a limb or two on occasion, sometimes you will have to eject a mechwarrior to save him/her and mech. Due consideration has to be given to how mechs are possitioned so that part of the mech that took a beating is not exposed, etc.+ the hit chances are still percentages, and your mechs can still miss even a 95% chance shot just like xcom. But since mechs usually carry multiple weapons, at least some of them will hit and the attack is not a comlete loss.+ Customizable mechs. While hardpoints on a mech are a limitation, there is still fun to be had designing mechs for a specific role.Some Cons:- Bigger is better. Once your lance is composed of assault/heavy mechs, there is practically no reason in game to use light or medium mechs.- Mission difficulty can be all over. Worst offenders being stand up battles, where you get to be shot at by exactly twice the number of mechs that you can possibly field. I mean what tactical sence is there to fight 2 to 1 odds when I have a second lance of mechs gathering dust?- Suicidal AI. So you are in a light 25 ton mech that took a beating, the rest of your lance is already scrap. OpFor is Atlas, 2x Highlander and a Black Knight. Do you: A) Run B) Walk up to an Atlas and kick it in a leg?There are flaws in the games, but it was well worth the time.
IMP_102	Recommended	57.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/IMP_102/	I've got this game because I was looking for something similar to xcom 2 in terms of combat. Never really was into battletech except for MW4: Mercenaries. Anyhow, this game did not dissapoint.Pros:+ Big one for me. The xcom and xcom 2 are driving me up the wall with the constant unending dialog that interrupt the game flow. You get a mission briefing while flying to the mission, you get the same briefing on the first turn of the mission, you get constant commentary that stops gameplay in the middle of a mission even though you did that mission type like 12 times before. CO constantly ♥♥♥♥♥ing about the turns left on a turn limit timer. It's almost like those games don't want the player to play them sometimes. None of that (or very rarelly) in Battletech, pure bliss. ++++ my experience with xcom 2 is that by the end game encounters with enemy pods is a one, two tops turn affair, with your guys taking almost no return fire. In Battletech battles are multi-turn exchange of fire between mechs. Your lance will be taking damage, you will be loosing a limb or two on occasion, sometimes you will have to eject a mechwarrior to save him/her and mech. Due consideration has to be given to how mechs are possitioned so that part of the mech that took a beating is not exposed, etc.+ the hit chances are still percentages, and your mechs can still miss even a 95% chance shot just like xcom. But since mechs usually carry multiple weapons, at least some of them will hit and the attack is not a comlete loss.+ Customizable mechs. While hardpoints on a mech are a limitation, there is still fun to be had designing mechs for a specific role.Some Cons:- Bigger is better. Once your lance is composed of assault/heavy mechs, there is practically no reason in game to use light or medium mechs.- Mission difficulty can be all over. Worst offenders being stand up battles, where you get to be shot at by exactly twice the number of mechs that you can possibly field. I mean what tactical sence is there to fight 2 to 1 odds when I have a second lance of mechs gathering dust?- Suicidal AI. So you are in a light 25 ton mech that took a beating, the rest of your lance is already scrap. OpFor is Atlas, 2x Highlander and a Black Knight. Do you: A) Run B) Walk up to an Atlas and kick it in a leg?There are flaws in the games, but it was well worth the time.
BurntSoul	Recommended	8.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197966604297/	As of this review I've played about 8.5 hours.TLDR:  If you can't read the whole post, you probably won't be able to get into this game.  You have patience?  You'll love the game.Battletech is a turn based strategy game at its core.  I first learned of the Battletech universe when I played Mechwarrior I on PC years ago.  There is a single player campaign, skirmish mode between yourself and the AI or even multiplayer (not sure if co-op against is part of that though).  I have not played multiplayer yet.When off the battlefield, you have to juggle multiple factors to keep your operation afloat:1. Your MechWarrior pilots (training/levelling, healing in sick bay, mediating disputes between them, and hiring and firing).2. Your Mechs.  This includes repairs of existing armor and equipment, and working with what you've purchased, or what you've salvaged off the battlefield.  Depending on the type of Mechs you have gives you a wide array of specialization options.  Oh, and you can purchase whole Mechs or salvage them off the battlefield as well.3. Your Drop Ship.  I haven't gotten that far in the game yet, but your Dropship can also be modified, upgraded etc.4. Your finances.  If you can get the right jobs that pay enough money, you can increase the amount of mechs you own, upgrade what you have and hire more recruits to run your mechs.  You can negotiate with your client per job, to trade off between how much money you make with how much salvage you can take off the battlefield.  You have to pay your expenses at the end of each month, otherwise you'll have to let pilots go, or even sell weapons or mechs.You can cut down on month to month expenses by 'buckling down', but morale on the ship will suffer.Other points of interest:  -The story is great so far!  The Battletech lore is already deep to begin with as it's been around a loooong time.-While some contracts just get you in the action and get you money/salvage/reputation, other contracts also move the story along.-I feel like a mercenary!-It's got that 'Just one more contract' feel.-contracts (when you are battling other mechs) seem to last between 30-60 minutes.  Ones that move the storyline will be on the tail end of that or be even longer.-you can manally save your game.-strategy is not just about managing Mechs, Mechwarriors, your Drop ship and financials.  The rest of the game is being on that battlefield.  So you have to figure out where a particular mech needs to go, which one might be a scout, if you are going to punch a mech point blank or if you will be using long range missles.  You also have to worry about heat build up and how to dissipate it.Other things to consider:-This is not an arcade game.  Yes, great satisfaction is had when your mech's PPC blows the hell out of the mech you've been pounding for the last 10 turns, but the game is not always a high speed action fest.-If you don't like to read, well your enjoyment/opinion of the story is going to be lackluster at best, or not make a bit of sense.Issues I've seen:-It's a new game and there are still some framerate optimizations that need to be worked on.  The new NVidia drivers helped my system (unless you have a 1060, in which case I'd stay away from installing them).  I don't have those wide FPS swings anymore, and the framerates have gone up alittle.-There are times when hitching issues can happen just before you hit a mech.  Once the hits are registererd, you then see what happened to that mech (text floats above the mech you've hit).  I hope they smooth that out in the future.Recommendation:1. Purchase the game now if you want a game like this and can deal with the little issues here and there.  FYI the devs are good, active and care about their product.  I'm willing to bet patches will be out sooner rather than later.  Check out the gameplay on Twitch or Youtube to get the overall feel of it.  My opinion, $40 is an acceptable pricepoint for this game at launch.2. or purchase the game within 15-45 days to ensure that at least a patch or two have been applied.Enjoy! 
YesMountain	Recommended	44.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198034334506/	Got this game as a present on launch day, and boy what a game. If you're a fan of tactical gameplay, a deep sci-fi universe with a intriguing plot, or just love really big robots that shoot and punch each other to death go ahead and pick this game up. You won't regret it. PROS--Rewarding tactical gameplay that surpases XCOM and the Banner Saga--Deep universe and plot-driven sci-fi campaign (BattleTech has been around and added on to since the 80's)--Customizeable mechs--Satifying explosions--DEATH FROM ABOVECONS--Some performance issues at the beginning of launch. I personally haven't seen that much as my computer's pretty new, (1080 Ti graphics), but there have been a few low-framerate issues that need to be ironed out. This happens with a lot of games as they release. Hopefully the devs work to patch it and improve performance in the coming weeks.--Menus and some of the interfaces can be a little clunky and take some getting used to. The game is very playable, the UI just needs to be tweaked a little i think.Overal, after 10 hours in it's been an amazing game and I plan to play a whole lot more. Tactics games have always been a favorite genere and this one really hits it out of the park. Defintiely recommended!NOTE: Make sure to update your video drivers before playing to help with the above mentioned performance issues.
Carrionjr	Recommended	91.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Carrionjr/	BattleTech is a isometric, Turn based strategy game with a heavy dose of business management and a strong emphasis of risk vs reward. Being a long time BattleTech fan, and having played a lot of the previous console and PC games, this game has a lot to live up to. The closet MechWarrior game I can think of it Mech Commander and while similar they are worlds apart.BattleTech has a quite in-depth character creator, where you setup the background of your main character. Being set before the clan invasion, I couldn’t remember some of the factions, however there is plenty of lore explaining how each faction fits into the universe. Some of the options you pick just build the background, while others actively change options that are available to you during the game. This is mostly seen in extra dialogue options (if you didn’t select that background then the option would be unavailable) between characters and some of the random events that you must deal with.Like most MechWarrior games it starts off with a betrayal, and a few years later you find yourself in charge of a mercenary company that is up to its eyeballs in debt, and only has a few light Mechs at its disposal. From there it’s up to you to turn things around by taking contracts and black market jobs and work towards your goal of taking revenge.The gameplay is broken up into 2 main areas, the overview area (where you can make changes to mechs, hire/fire staff, buy improvements, take jobs), and the actual story missions and side contracts. With side contracts you can negotiate how much money, scrap or goodwill you want the mission to payout (the game end ends if you can’t afford to pay your bills). Money is something that can quickly disappear as replacing damaged parts and weapons on mechs and repairing them adds up very quickly. In previous games collecting the scrap played a big part (as its always much cheaper to capture a mech rather them purchasing one), and that hold true for this game as well. One noticeable difference to previous MechWarrior games is that the scrap is limited, depending on what you negotiated (and what mission tasks you completed), you might get a few choice picks, then you get a random amount allocated after that. Since you need 3 scrap mech pieces to rebuild one, it can be a tough choice between picking a good weapon system that you need (as each star systems shop vendor sells difference items) and collecting damaged mech scrap for a future payoff.So far, the story missions have been good, with them being more involved than just blowing something up. They do feel a lot like the MechCommander games of old, there the objectives would change as the mission evolves, and taking too much damage on early makes it next to impossible to complete without really micro managing your mechs and the enemies.  The main missions tend to force you to think a bit more on your feet, and do advise what Mech abilities you will want to take into battle- I highly recommend listening to the advice, it can make hard missions passable. Contract missions are where you will likely spend a fair amount of your time, and they are by far simpler, rescue this, destroy that, protect this over there. That said you can fail these quite easily (the enemy you were going to assassinate escapes, a building you need to protect is swarmed and destroyed).  I can see these getting repetitive by the end game, however you only need to play as many of these to gather money and scrap until you want to continue with the story mission.The battle system is good, however it is much slower compared to MechCommander. Being turn based (rather than real time with the option of pausing to issue commands) really slows gameplay down, especially as you have to wait for each of them to move, then fire. The speed of this has increased with some of the newer patches, but it still takes a good amount of time. The most enemies I’ve had firing on my lance has been 8, and I think I was lucky to pull through that one. Your Mechs facing is very important, as is height elevations and the terrain they are in. The tutorial system covers a part of it, but most is discovered while playing. As in all other mech games, its great watching the damage pile on the mech’s and then watching them suffer catastrophic damage- setting the ammo off is great fun. Heat build-up is also a very large factor (as I usually load up on lasers and missiles), as was taking stability damage as it gives everyone a free called shot until the mech stands back up. The weapons are split into 4 categories, lasers (higher damage but high heat and lower stability damage), missiles (good spread damage, medium heat buildup and high stability damage), ballistic weapons (medium damage, low heat and medium stability damage), and support which can be flamers to increase heat, machine guns for critical hits, and small lasers for extra damage. It’s a trade-off game between heat, damage and weakening the enemies stability.I thought the terrain and worlds were well done, however it was disappointing to see that your mechs are basically invulnerable to anything that isn’t enemy fire/or an enemy fist. While its great watching them run through buildings I was expecting them to take a little damage. The risk of jumping for death from above attacks is great (I’ve seen the enemy Mech evade while I’ve crippled a leg and lost an arm and then watched as my mech face planted into the ground).Skirmish allows you to setup your lance and the enemy lance however you want and duke it out on pre-defined maps. The maps look great, and I really liked the weather effects you get to pick pre mission. It’s a shame that the effect are just that, they don’t change anything other than if it’s raining or foggy or at night. It’s a missed chance to change the games line of sight (which is consistent throughout the entire game, no matter your elevation or weather)My biggest gripe with the game is how long it takes flying between worlds. The timer counts over slowly, and as each world only has 2-3 missions on it, you are forced to travel quite regularly, which adds a lot of wasted time to the game. For me the game started to really bog down when it had more than 20 saves, making all the menus slower to load, and the game will make a lot of saves for youIf you are chasing 100% achievements its possible but be prepared to spend a long time trying to get them. 100 multiplayer wins might be impossible unless you are a god of this type of game or have a friend to boost with, and there is a viral achievement that you have to play against someone who has it.
kamikaze	Recommended	204.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198039831726/	For the price I can recommend this game as a good game with good length. If u want to take into account that it was created by a rather small studio, then I say it’s an amazing game.Pros.:-The Music is fantastic-The cutscenes are fitting and full of emotion-Combat is rewarding and if a decision was good or bad is presented to u the moment u have taken it-The campaign is a complex and intelligent one, with a lot of narrative twists-It gives u a glimpse of how big and rich battletech the science-fiction universe isCons.:-This game takes a while. If u are impatient, animations and needless waiting times will annoy u quite hard-Shops are boring. U hunt the entire game for money and there is nothing u want to buy-The campaign is open ended but there is nothing interesting to explore after the end-Fine-tuning is missing a bit overall. For example are light Mechs still useless, because of equal maintenance cost and part availability reasons -Multiplayer failed. They wasted a lot of time with it and its just unplayable and barebones.The most important thing Harebrained Schemes has achieved though. They have shown the world that there is a 30+ year old science-fiction franchise out there, which has a lot more to offer then just giant robots.With some money they were able to do this game out of nothing. That means with some more money and this game as a basis, they are able to do a really great game in the near future. One that will be “truly fantastic” and not “good but”.So I am sure this is only the beginning of some great games to come. 
Panda	Recommended	132.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197989058846/	9/10Solid Mechwarrior game, at last. It's been so long. +Tactical game is variable and deep.Mech depot is really good.Pilot progression is good, some minor tweaks needed though.Graphics is beatiful, sound is fantastic (really rare case, I don't turn game music off). -Game lacking on strategy plane. Really, almost nothing going on outside of missions and mech depot. I put almost 120 hours in this game and probably will double this after developers release QOL updates they promised. 
ronnagin	Recommended	52.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198030741777/	Worth getting while it's on sale, but probably only if you're already a fan of the Battletech/Mechwarrior universe. The story was interesting enough to keep me involved (though it got tedious at parts), and the mechs are awesome. Several of the missions were very challenging, and the battles can be very engaging/tactical at times. There were several moments where I came limping out of a mission with most of my mechs barely held together, making victory all the sweeter.I just wish that the political layout of the universe was a little more dynamic, and that you as a player had any impact on it whatsoever. For example, the only real reason to take contracts outside of the main story was to burn time or grind before the next campaign mission. The only political boundaries that change in the whole playthrough are in the Aurigan Directorate (the campaign), and your reputation with a faction only affects which generic, non-story/universe impacting contacts you can take, and what your pay is on those contracts. Also, the docking animations and the forced travel time between missions just felt like unnecessary filler.
Nitnargimmi	Recommended	288.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/nitnargimmi/	I've really enjoyed Battletech and have no regrets about getting in on the kickstarter. The combat interface reminded me of XCOM.  As you are leading a team (lance) of mechs in turn-based combat, the mechanics are very similar.  And, like XCOM, there's a whole operational management aspect outside of combat, where you get to manage your facility, your hardware, and your staff.  And then there's the epic story you get to work through.Highly recommend. Pro:* audio: the music is great* campaign: storyline is awesome* campaign: can take breaks from story missions to do mercenary missions* campaign: can work up reputation with a bunch of factions* campaign: can continue doing mercenary missions and earning reputation, salvage, and c-bills after completing story* settings: variety of difficulty options to tune game experience from casual to hardcore* settings: various camera/combat options can be tuned to speed up the game after you are tired of the cinematic glory wasting your time* multiplayer: timers keep indecisive opponents from stalling the game* savegames: manual and autosaves create new save games so you can easily load your game from an appropriate point in your campaign historyCons (actually more like bugs/issues):* missions take a while to load (like go fetch a beverage or take a quick bio, or both)* clicking the sell tab in the store freezes the game for 30 seconds, presumably while it figures out what I have to sell* the game has serious disconnect issues establishing connections to multiplayer lobbiesThe latter two are obviously bugs which I expect/hope to be resolved at some point, as the developers have continued to update the game since release.
KJak	Recommended	88.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197972217639/	Excellent!A well-designed turn-based tactictal strategy game with an excellent campaign story and phenomenal soundtrack.  Has its issues with general layout and HUD design, but overall a very solid game that will be enjoyed both by fans of tactical strategy, and by fans of the MechWarrior universe.8.5/10
Cheeseman	Recommended	157.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/torkeyishot/	Good Game, its not perfect but resent updates have fixed most of the glitches. I loved it and I don't know why some people didn't. Graphics are good and appropiate for game. Its an addictive game when you get into it. Ok so you can only take one lance at a time. However 4 mechs are hard to manage as it is. Learning to mange the 4 and get the load out right for each mission is part of the game as well. Its got good Stratergy, good graphic, really good story line which works well. I have played and completed it twice now. its on my favourite list for a reason. It is good. Can't wait for next one to come out.
Divine G00cH	Recommended	105.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/negateeks/	I used to love playing the old Mech Commander games.  The pace of BATTLETECH is a lot slower because it is turn-based but this game is addicting and fun as hell.
Jack	Recommended	82.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/arrghroth/	A must have for every Mechwarrior/Battletech fan. The fights are quite challenging so is the campain. You have to manage your lance, gain money, update tech for your Ship, buy mechs and upgrades, hire new Mechwarriors and many things more.The storry is like expected from this universe.I backed the game and I do not regret a single cent I've spend on this game.Harbrained delivered quality again, like expected from the guys who brought me Shadowrun back on my PC.
Miyamoto Musashi	Recommended	122.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197990325823/	Hello everyone and Welcome to my POV Review,I first read and viewed many Reviews and Vids of others who already bought this game, and i had doubts and were a little insecure if I should buy this piece or not. Some people had problems with their hardware some with drivers/software.Well, I have a lot of expierence with Developer and Publisher (Shadowrun,Hearts of Iron,CrusaderKings,Europ....)so i thought i could give it a try, because these companies bring in own MOD-functionality or the possibility to do so, and their games are not short term stories or games which are over after 6 hrs of gaming.I am freaking happy, a wet dream come true. Thats how a game is done right. I once bought Galactica Deadlock because i thought it would be something like this, to make it short i am banned from discussion there, but thats another story.Cons:- loading takes a little too much for todays Hardware, dont know why- traveling could also shown on Starmap for those who wants it faster, instead of sequences - missing a manual or a wiki with infos/story/backround for those know dont know anything about the Universe- more TELLING instead of READING- English isnt the only LanguagePros:- Creating own Character with 3D-Portät head and background-story, which will be coem up in talkings with others during    the whole campaign, also binding your name into dialogs- nice ambiente and models , everythings looks fine for me- endless Campagne possibility, dont chase the Story-arc, just be a mercenary and pump up ur crew and mechs- some missions are hard some are easy but nothing to scream or rage- on every world individual store and mechwarrior (if one should die)- better as crack or meth :DI guess I am missing more then 2-3 points by Pro, but believe me its a masterpiece if your searching for a SinglePlayer endless Conquering, here it is. Multiplayer...dont know anyhting about this topic because I enjoy the Singleplayer tooo much right now, and I have no opinion in playing PvP, but if they would make a COOP-Campange, hell ya then count me in 
DaynarFaol	Recommended	118.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198005696983/	Simply put. This is BATTLETECH. A solidly done game that takes the feel of the Table-top and speeds it up. Also love all the factors that turn it into a personal story. Everything from who you are as a merc to how you present yourself as one gives a lot of agency.I do wish the NPCs in your crew had a bit more storyline elements that evolve as the story does, but that to me is about the only weakness in the game.Is it a bit buggy still? Yes. They are working on it.Can't wait to see were else in the Inner Sphere we go. No guts, no galaxy.
Satskar	Recommended	87.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/satskar/	Is it 2002 and I'm playing Mechwarrior 4 Mercenaries?  Absolutly love it.
minigo85	Recommended	225.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/homiegmike/	A relatively faithful adaptation of the game we all knew growing up.  I appreciate the care taken with developing the scenery and the mechs.  The scenarios get repetitive, but the premise of the series is perpetual war - there are only so many permutations on that.  Great game!  Looking forward to expansions.
eoj019	Recommended	207.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198038903485/	Very solid turn based game along with an interesting story.
Harl3quin	Recommended	368.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/HarI3quin/	Personally I enjoyed the game. I hate camera hijacking to show up close shots, but you can turn that off.  The balance is there. The graphics are there, and it has a good amount of play time in it. I wish the scenario was longer, or had more options, but that leaves it open to DLC I guess.  Still would recommend it.
KazeEnji	Recommended	77.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/KazeEnji/	This game is great! It translates the board game very well and I can play it just fine on my Surface Book 2. Very strategic and I'm just glad to be back into the Battletech universes without needing to go to MWO.
francktheostro	Recommended	131.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198049991526/	Recommended to any tactics fans.Beware that Battletech has the same flaw as a lot of tactics games : Most of the difficulty is in the beginning of the campain. As soon are you get some upgrades  and decent weaponery the pressure eases off.Tips1 - This is a tank fight (event if they are walking). Dont think covers and snipers like Xcom. Think armor facing, angle of shots and bracing for impact.2- You can manage priorities of repair to get the fastest job done first.3. Salvage, salvage, salvage. There is more money in completing mech, storing  and selling the unwanted in stores.4. I recommend starting with some skirmish fights where you can do mistakes with no repair bill before starting a campain 
francktheostro	Recommended	131.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198049991526/	Recommended to any tactics fans.Beware that Battletech has the same flaw as a lot of tactics games : Most of the difficulty is in the beginning of the campain. As soon are you get some upgrades  and decent weaponery the pressure eases off.Tips1 - This is a tank fight (event if they are walking). Dont think covers and snipers like Xcom. Think armor facing, angle of shots and bracing for impact.2- You can manage priorities of repair to get the fastest job done first.3. Salvage, salvage, salvage. There is more money in completing mech, storing  and selling the unwanted in stores.4. I recommend starting with some skirmish fights where you can do mistakes with no repair bill before starting a campain 
Jflow_79	Recommended	104.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198006779872/	Being a kickstarter of the game and having at present around 80 hours in the story alone I feel I can give a decent review of the game. First off I want to address the aspect that almost made me delete the game from the start and that is the addition of "They" as a pronoun. I myself am a firm believer in biology and feel this sort of addition is an insult to the human race as a species. That said I don't want gender politics or real world politics in my games as I am playing them as a break from the reality of the world today. I hate that game companies are bowing to social justice BS. There was no "They" pronoun in the original Battletech why did they have to put it in this game?Story wise the game plays on a cliche of a throne being usurped by an uncle at gun point and you being a Mercenary given a job to take it back for the rightful owner. Nothing special, has a few good moments and some bad ones. It has one really good thing it has going for it and that is the time it is based in the Battletech lore which is 3025 before the clan era that ruined even the tabletop version. The soundtrack is actually one of the better aspects of the game, I do believe it faails in a few areas when it comes to instruments but it still has that tension building feel and is rather well done by the composer. The ingame sounds are ok, they aren't really great but they are ok. I do wish it had more voice acting at least for the story as it might have made a difference when having to read most of it.Visually the game is a bit dated and sadly it was made on Unity, but it is pretty good even when zoomed you get some decent visual effects. The way in which the cutscenes were made in the "comicbook" style isn't my favorite, actually turns me off a bit, then again I know the game was made on a budget. The special effects are decent like when you blow off a mech's arm or knock them down, and the weapon's fire is satisfing.Overall I find the game enjoyable to play, even the management aspects, though I do wish I could field more than a lance of mechs but that decision was made for time constraints as the battles with just one lance can last over an hour a piece and the developers didn't want to make them last any longer for the player. I do find the game in some aspects repetitive but there is a great satisfaction when you finish a particualr job and get paid and pick your salvage and you get the last piece to a better mech, it almost makes your day sometimes.
scorpnoire	Recommended	573.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/scorpnoire/	Kickstarter Backer and very old Battletech fan here.I love the game!If you are a Battletech fan yourself that game is a must! You will get all the nice Tabletop feeling in the battles and missions, you will have the nice and challenging administration of your own Merc company and you get to customize your Mechs to your preferences.If you like TBT/TBS games and company management I can also recommend that piece of gold. Just do not expect an Xcom clone... you need to really study the mechanics here and Mechs are not simple soldiers.Though once diven into the game rewards you with a lot of different challenges and even easter eggs. ;)And who knows, maybe you even get a liking to the vast and nearly 35y old fluff and universe behind that originally tabletop strategy game, fleshed out over the course of a century by now.Cons:- high learning curve in the beginning: you really need to understand the mechanics- too few explanations for non Battletech Grognards: a tutorial document like for the Backer Beta would help a lot- rebalancing makes energy weapons nearly useless now: They are too hot, just fix the heat to TT levels would help- performance issues: will be fixed soonPros:- open ended- Poketech - gotta catch 'em all- hard to learn, easy to master- Battletech at it's finest- plans for the future and HBS is known to deliver!
ildorad	Not Recommended	36.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198006933438/	I wouldn't reccomend this game until it has a number of fixes done.  parts of the game you are suppose to get latter in campaign are immediatly avalible, occasional stutters in proformance for no reason, notifications messages that are annoying constant (close to bankrupancy message every day pausing the travel time.), the forced bring larger mechs due to only being able to use 4, lack of good difficualty scaling, and unbalanced missions.( enjoy losing bonus objectives due to new mechs appearing next the escorts and losing mech due to dropships landing on them.)
TheShabbyOrange	Recommended	15.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/shabbyorange/	Aside from a few frame rate issues, the lore/plot is incredible, graphics are pleasing for any mech' lover and overall feel of the world they built does wonder to the game. Combat is enjoyable and easy enough, comes across hard to master though.
GunRunneR	Not Recommended	89.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197965173379/	As a long time Batletech/Mechwarrior fan, and a fan of 4x strategy games, I should absolutely love this game.SHOULD.I mean this game is...ok....but to call a game a strategy game would denote that strategy would, and should be the most important aspect of the game.Strategy to me means that how I approach a fight should severely impact the outcome of the fight. Truth is you can be as strategic as you want to be, or just point your mechs headlong ino the fray, it really doesnt matter much, and not nearly as important as the RNGness of the game itself. Either way you play you are just at the mercy of the shoddy rng sysem of this game. I can have a 95% chance to hit the target and miss it 3 or 4 turns in a row, happens a lot.One of the basic premise of ANY MW/BT game is headshots are EXTREMELY rare, afterall, its where your pilot is. You can expect to spend a good portion of your gametime staring at the screen watching the in game days go by, not repairing your mechs, because they dont really get hurt most of the time, most missions are cakewalks, but because in my case, about 90% of the missions end up with me smashing the mission, but 1 to 2 of my 4 pilots will suffer some randomly stupid headshot and be stuck in medbay 17 to 36 game days.And I am not kidding, this happens 90% of the missions I am play.If they fix this frustrating RNG headshot crap, it would be a good game, at least worthy of its namesake, and I would definaely give it a thumbs up, but right now I have to steel myself for hours upon hours of frustration if I want to see the end of the storyline, and for that reason its getting a negative for me right now. 
Palor0	Not Recommended	100.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/palor0/	A lovely TBS Battletech game with assests from Mechwarrior Online.  After my 17 hours, I really wanted to like it.  I don't.  I seriously hope a future patch fixes much of whats wrong with the game.  RNG pisses me off a lot, the games super high maintenance costs, useless argo upgrades, and being stuck with 1 lance when it looks like the game was designed for Company....ya that stuff makes me want to uninstall.  Had a match where a tiny jenner headshot my quickdraw pilot 3 turns in a row and knocked him down, incapacitating him.  Total # of headshots landed by the enemy for the misson was 7, entire lance of mechs out for repairs and healing time for months.  Expenses are ridicilously high.  Games is tediously unfair on missions, the Skull rating in no way tells you how tough a mission will be.  Did a 2 skull mission, and 4 heavy mechs, 3 mediums and al ight destroyed my 4 mechs when they spawned all at once on me.  Did a 3 skull mission, 1 lance of mechs(3 lights and 1 medium), 2 of vehicles and it was an easy pay day.  I hope future patches bring improvements to the game, until then this beuatiful but flawed game is Buy at your own Risk. 
West Watch	Recommended	57.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/westwatch/	tl;dr: Overall score: 9/10BATTLETECH is a wonderfully imaginative foray into the classic military sci-fi universe crafted by Jordan Weisman (who was on staff for the development of this game). While the game experiences some hitches, overall it is the best computer rendition of the strategic Battletech tabletop game to date with lots of story, customization, and flavor to boot. Full Review:Story: 10/10The universe of Battletech has been thoroughly explored through various media over the last few decades, so there is a deep well from which to pull creative story. BATTLETECH does this splendidly. Not only does it capture the grandiosity of the political opera that is nearly as fundamental to the battletech universe as the 'mechs themselves, but it expertly interweaves the story of your fledgling mercenary company amongst the great intrigue of the overarching conflicts. You can't help but feel both in control of your own destiny (in charge of how your company runs, which mechs to field, how to customize your company in every way) and also hopelessly swept up in the larger story -- simply a pawn amongst bigger pieces. Such deftly-woven story creates for an enjoyable experience that keeps you coming back for more. For some, the minutia of running a small mercenary outfit (paying the bills, making sure the ship is running, keeping the crew happy, etc) might strike as frustrating and slow, however, if you are interested in total immersion, this is where the magic happens. UI/UX: 8/10For those who are familiar with other Battletech titles, the basic user-interface will be natural and easy to work with. For those new to the franchise, there is a learning curve that may take some time, but the game does provide helpful NPCs to guide you through most of the important stuff regarding combat, mech customization, company management, and navigation. During combat, the game occasionally hitches (very subtly; it is a minor annoyance at worst). The biggest frustration I have heard from others involves the RNG with which 'mechs hit each other: I may launch a salvo of 15 missiles at an enemy, of which only 10 hit, and of those ten, only 5 hit the critical area I was aiming for. While this may be frustrating to those who are not familiar with the Battletech tabletop game, it is a foundational component of the franchise. By careful positioning of your 'mechs and planning for contingencies, this randomness can be distilled; however, I believe the RNG adds an element of concern to every battle. No matter how well you plan your assault, the enemy 'mech with a car-sized cannon should probably be dealt with extremely carefully (don't take unnecessary risks!). Far from hampering the combat, I find that the RNG associated with attacks is a classic and critical part of BATTLETECH. Finally, some might find the combat slow. IT does take time to move mechs around and carefully plan attacks. However, compared to the glacial pacing of the tabletop game, BATTLETECH races along. Overall, those who are familiar with the tabletop Battletech game and/or who are willing to immerse themselves into stress-inducing tactical combat, the UI of BATTLETECH will be pleasant, exciting, and fun.World Design (Art, characters, and voice acting): 9/10The cutscenes and environments of BATTLETECH are gorgeous. Elegant still-based animation captures the intensity of the cinematic cutscenes, while 3D characters and locations in-between combat are well-rendered and immersive. The voice acting was truly a pleasant surprise for me. Not expecting much, I was blown away with how each character has a separate voice and distinct personality. Combat scenes look good from a distance, and get a little weird if you zoom in too much (lots of clipping, and low-resolution textures), but those sacrifices are part of what keeps the combat running relatively smoothly. The 'mechs themselves are great; they update each time you change their outfit, and clearly show damage, heat, and wear on the battlefield. Difficulty (No rating here, just a description):The difficulty of encounters scales well over time, and you always have access to weaker encounters if you need some quick cash. Often, the primary missions are exciting and interesting, with story elements taking place during the encounter. I will regularly find my lance returning to the dropship battered and beaten up, but having won a hard-fought victory. The difficulty of this game is very rewarding neither a pushover nor overly unforgiving.
Thatman	Recommended	87.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198172383455/	I like Jagged Alliance, Silent Storm, XCOM, and for the same reasons I like Battletech.
Desiire	Recommended	37.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Sleepyfacemcsleepyface/	THE best turn-based game since Jagged Alliance 2. X-com is for little kids. This is what grown-ups play.
Claus	Not Recommended	27.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/cma1978/	Great game plagued by gpu performance issues, the devs seem to ignore the problem despite having a huge thread on the official forum.If they fix sli and the 100% gpu load i will gladly recommend it.
llama_79	Recommended	101.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198031427178/	The game scratches a tactical itch, and full fills my Battletech craving. It has some difficulty spikes that can be frustrating (either too easy or too punishing) but I am still enjoying it. That said, there is a few technical issues that they are still looking into at the time of this review. None of these issues were game breaking for me, just annoying.
DojoMaster888	Not Recommended	14.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/DojoMaster888/	Performance issues and constant lag spikes. I'm running well above recommended specs and it will still lag constantly when switching between units or performing actions. It will also just freeze up after perfroming action with unit for a couple minutes.Other irritating thing are the "difficulty" indicators for missions. They are completely bogus and don't reflect accurately what your going to run into on those missions. This coupled with AI who I think don't play to win but inflict the most expensive damage to your units to bleed you dry of funds.Things for thought before buying.
Hypnotist475	Not Recommended	455.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198042374779/	I sincerely hope to be able to change this review to recommended soon but I'm not holding my breath. Where to start?TL;DR    This game is NOT a faithful representation of the BattleTech game. It is a weird mash up of BattleTech, Mech Warrior Onine and XCOM. Incredibly slow game play, Ancient looking graphics, Complete lack of explanation or training on how the game works, Mission difficulty rating system that is useless, Story advances too fast to keep up, Hardpoint system SEVERLY restricts repair and customization of Mechs, Game balance issues severely hamper enjoyment, and a completely lackluster Skirmish mode for both PvC & PvP play.If you want to play BattleTech on a computer, go download MegaMek, it's free and it a much better and faithful port of the original game.1.It is SSSSSSSLLLLLLLOOOOOOOWWWWWWW to play. I haven't noticed the extreme load times that many are claiming but the actual gameplay is agonizing. The designers are apparently proud of their animations and cut scenes because you are forced to spend most of your time watching them. The cut scenes are simple images with animated elements (engine flames, blinking lights) and camera panning to create the illusion of movement so they're not really much to look at. Mech movement is all fully animated with the camera jumping to special angles for almost EVERY SINGLE MOVE, Friendly or Enemy. Even with all of the available settings configured to skip as much as possible, the game just becomes tedious VERY quickly.2.Extremely Dated Graphics. The in-mission graphics look almost exactly like MechCommander 2, a game released in 2001!!! The 3D models look like they were conscripted out of The Elder Scrolls: Oblivion, a game released in 2006!!! The cut scene animatics look like something out of a high end Windows 98 game. 3.In terms of game mechanics, they explain NOTHING!!! The tutorial is a joke. Move here, Shoot this, Shoot that, Shoot that again when it turns around, Jump here. Oops you inexplicably overheated run into the water. Punch this Mech. That is the UNABBREVIATED tutorial. I have played the original BattleTech table top game so I understand concepts like flanking, jump jets, heat sinking and melee attacks but a true beginner will likely be bumbling around in the dark. After the tutorial things don't get any better. Questions like, "Why are my weapons only doing half damage while the enemy’s are doing full?" and "How does the Enemy have Line-of-Sight to me but not me to him?" are constantly popping up in your head. I understand that there is a game mechanic behind these but what is it?  The player needs to know these things to be able to plan tactics to complete the mission as efficiently as possible. The UI is never even touched on in the tutorial and without any references or documentation, you just have to guess and figure out what it is telling you by trial, error and deduction.4.The mission difficulty system is SERIOUSLY flawed. The game uses a range of skulls (from .5-5) to inform the player as to how difficult a mission is expected to be. I’m guessing that these skulls are supposed to coincide with the Drop Weight indicator (also roughly .5-5) on the Mech Selection Screen prior to launch of a mission. But the reality is that it is a complete crap shoot. I’ve personally had a 3 Skull mission where I only faced 3 medium tanks and a 2.5 Skull mission where I was supposed to defeat a Heavy Mech, 8 Light Mechs and 4 mixed tanks. I’ve read that this is to simulate intelligence failures and the “inherent danger” of the mercenary lifestyle, which I could get behind if the variance wasn’t nearly so great. The Skulls are a player’s ONLY means of determining if a mission is financially feasible or even survivable. The system as it stands is so broad in range for any given rating that they may as well not have one at all as each mission is a shot in the dark.5.The story advances MUCH too quickly for the amount of buildup of your forces available by each step, Leaving you completely underequipped to face the challenges of the missions.6.The customization of Mechs is nearly nonexistent with the hardpoint system used. This generally limits you to only being able to swap out larger or smaller versions of original equipment. This was not part of the table game which allowed you greater flexibility for not only repair/replacement of parts of damaged Mechs but customizing Mechs for specific environments which can be CRITICAL for efficiency and survivability. Also if you don’t have prior knowledge of what is supposed to go on a certain Mech chassis when you find it, buy it or pull it out of storage, you’ll be at a loss as to how to configure it for its original role. 7.Certain aspects of game balance are off, some by a wide margin. Missiles, Melee and knock down are overpowered. The latter happens WAY too often leading to balance issues of Melee attacks against prone targets missing WAY too much (unless it’s you on the ground) and I really don’t like the forced use of called shots versus prone opponents vastly reducing your chances of hitting a STATIONARY target!8.The Skirmish (PvC & PvP) is only a Mech-on-Mech slugfest on basic maps. No vehicles or custom mission design is available. It’s just “Pick a cost level, pick your lance, have at each other”. Boring.That’s the long of my 20 hours playing this game. I sincerely hope this game gets developed further to correct these serious issues as it has the potential to be a very good game. As it stands now it still plays and feels more like an Early Access than a fully developed game. Personally I think they focused too heavily on pre-selling the game with art books, soundtracks and flight jackets instead of just developing a solid product that could serve as the foundation of a long-term franchise. 
Bahadur Noyan	Not Recommended	126.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198007663983/	First of all I am a big fan of BATTLETECH universe. Read all books and played first battletech game on commodore 64 maybe 30 years ego.Sadly this universe is very unlucky, even though it has all the content, for some reason the recent games comes up (Mechwarrior online and this one) are not even close to its original concept.The reviews here are covering every negative points, Repetative and boring missions, very bad AI, limitations on weapon layout limitations, you dont feel any atmospere at all as being mercenary roaming on a very small map.As far as I know paradox, and l love their games, they will fix the game as mechanics (very slow game), and content. the game probably will be a decent one in a year, but at this current state I dont recommend the game. Just wait a year and then you will get a decent game.
kalimonster	Recommended	40.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kalimonster/	Get it.So, uh, a few more words. It's made by excellent people. The artwork and music's amazing. The keybinds exist and work perfectly. (How is this something worth gushing about in 2018? Grr.) You get to stomp tanks into the mud.My only disappointment is with the character creation. I get that providing awesome hairstyles and badass tattoos/cosmetics for what's going to be a little ID placard and nothing more through the rest of the game is likely super-low-priority, but I'm still a bit sad that my 'me' is so underwhelming. You get to play pretty princess a bit more effectively with your mech paintjobs, but I'd still like a ton more options there, too.But, still. Get it.
loerinc	Recommended	71.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198048948848/	This game is amazing! I've only put a couple of hours into it and just done my first story mission, but I like it a lot. It has great atmosphere and seems a bit overwhelming at first, once you get into it, however, you'll know that you've found a true gem of a game. I especially love the company management part of the game. Just watch a few gameplay videos and see for yourself if it's for you or not.
Clownsanity	Not Recommended	154.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198007520007/	SLOWEST GAME EVVAH!!!It is a NO for now, the game isn't optimized, really SLOW in every aspect, and for slow i mean SLOW, the biggest flaw are loading times, for a game that just push for to be a perfectionist for to salvage mechs unless you want to hope with rng loading times, endless turns since every enemy move take a turn, so 12 enemies are 12 of their turns and you must to wait, no fast forward button, need fast forward button and a really better tuning, until that Mechcommander gold is still a whole better.p.s. and i don't mention various bugs and various flaws you can find just by reading the discussions.Iam sorry but i didn't founded this game and waited so long for to have this if it will be fixed soon i may change my opinion.
ShadowSkill11	Recommended	45.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/shadowskill11/	Fantastic game but stuttering and poor performance ruin the presentation. I'm on a 6700K, 32 GB RAM, NVmD hard drive, and GTX 1080 and still experience long load times and stuttering during cinematic camera manuvers in 1440p. I'd still recommend it but if you are on the fence wait for a few weeks to see if they patch out these issues.
dgmelby	Recommended	98.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/dgmelby/	The Good:  This is one of the best translations of the tabletop game into a video game I've ever played.  While not 100% faithful to the tabletop version, the compromises are in the spirit of the game, and help enrich the tactical aspects of the game.  If you're familiar with the tabletop game, you'll be able apply that knowledge fairly easily.  The art style for the story campaign is brilliant, the maps detailed, and the music helps set the overall tone.The Bad:  HBS has said that the starting tutorial isn't as in depth as they'd prefer it to be, due to wanting it short enough so that it can be completed within the two hour window Steam allows for refunds.  As such, it skims over some key concepts, which can make the "three years later" mission more brutal than it really is, especially if you're more familiar with games like X-COM.  If you're not familiar with the Battletech Universe, and the games based within it, you'll want to do a bit of research before diving in.The Warning:  This game rates high on my "One More Turn" meter.  Game hasn't been out 24 hours yet, and I've already lost sleep because of it.  Whether you consider that a good thing or a bad is up to you. ;)
WindblownVirus	Recommended	11.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197969404683/	A pretty solid translation of the Battletech tabletop game.   Good mechanics and great soundtrack.  Battletech fans will find a lot to like here.If you're into really hardcore science fiction concepts like giant stompy robots, dropships staging planetary invasions, and there being more than 2 genders, you will dig this game.
sonofanu	Recommended	151.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198032623014/	I'm surprised the ratings for this are not higher.If you are looking to scratch your TBT itch, as I have been for a while, this is the game you've been waiting for. I see a lot of complaining about too much "waiting" between turns etc., talking about the glamshots and such. Personally I have not been bothered by this, and you can turn a lot of them off, though I have not felt the need to. It has great graphics, great lore, overall good design, good base gameplay, pretty good story (so far), and just a lot of solid mechanics. Especially as you start to really customize your loadouts - there is a slight learning curve to figuring out how to build your mech just right (though from what I can tell so far, there is no single right way. I'm sure there's a forum post somewhere though saying "X build is OP").Anyways, I think this is a victim of hype in the end. I see EA games where half the buttons don't work and the UI looks like it was designed by my 3 year old and someone will rec it and say "Has potential!!!" I have TBT games in my Library right now which are almost certainly objectively much worse that this game, with higher ratings. So anyways, yeah, there's some cognitive dissonance happening in terms of expectations and such. This is a great game.
BEBHaven	Recommended	45.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197970722588/	Simplified from the tabletop, but a damn good time.
Shockwave	Not Recommended	47.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198046955130/	Product received for free
WoollyMussel	Not Recommended	39.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198071039828/	It doesn't hold up exceptionally well to extended time. You don't unlock or find new weapons, just slightly better variations of the same ones. You only ever get to field 4 mechs at a time, which very quickly redners your smaller mechs completely useless. When you're going up against 7 mechs to your 4 you have to bring all of your heaviest hitters every time. Give me some weapon variety and the ability to bring in more mechs and I'll happily reccommend this game, but in its current state I just can't reccommend it at a 40$ price point. It isn't 40 bucks worth of game. 20 would be much more accurate.
dgmelby	Recommended	98.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/dgmelby/	The Good:  This is one of the best translations of the tabletop game into a video game I've ever played.  While not 100% faithful to the tabletop version, the compromises are in the spirit of the game, and help enrich the tactical aspects of the game.  If you're familiar with the tabletop game, you'll be able apply that knowledge fairly easily.  The art style for the story campaign is brilliant, the maps detailed, and the music helps set the overall tone.The Bad:  HBS has said that the starting tutorial isn't as in depth as they'd prefer it to be, due to wanting it short enough so that it can be completed within the two hour window Steam allows for refunds.  As such, it skims over some key concepts, which can make the "three years later" mission more brutal than it really is, especially if you're more familiar with games like X-COM.  If you're not familiar with the Battletech Universe, and the games based within it, you'll want to do a bit of research before diving in.The Warning:  This game rates high on my "One More Turn" meter.  Game hasn't been out 24 hours yet, and I've already lost sleep because of it.  Whether you consider that a good thing or a bad is up to you. ;)
Expers	Recommended	12.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/nominis/	To be honest I had expected the game to be more like Mech Commander (1,2), so I was  a bit surprised when I first started playing it and it was tactics style err modern ufo stylized. Doesn't like watching videos and have been a mech fan since Shogo: Mobile Armor Division and Mech Warrior 2.The story, so far is good not completely cliche, though the beginning you can guess. :)Positives:The combat is solid and your pilots can get lucky, if they hit the enemies head (cockpit).The game explains why your confined to the beginners area.The possible mech loadouts are well described (well pictures do the talking) and you can decide to focus on defense or offense or a well balanced loadout for your mech. And the mech's refits do take time to complete instead of being hot swappable which adds another level of realism.Neutral || Memorable dialogues:Vacuums. . . if the XO didn't explain it I would have been confused about this in-game, now I feel like studying whether it is true or not that heat dissipates faster in a vacuum.Some planets are for the birds.<s>Negatives:Performance issues that bog down the game.- when starting the game.- after firing weapons occasionally.- between turns.- between missions.</s>So far nothing game breaking just the load times can be annoying. But over all, if you are a mech warrior, mech commander, or a mech fan that likes tbs games I do recommend this game.Edit: The performance issues have largely been dealt with and the game is much smoother running now.
Hormiga	Not Recommended	3.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197998178980/	2 hours in and these are my impressions:-The battles drag. I think this is mainly due to a clunky "cinematic action" camera that waste time zooming and adjusting-The early is story seems very weak. Linear. This might change as this is still early. Although honestly I feel like I chugged through a really slow tutorial that did a poor job explaining basic gameplay. -The controls/UI aren't horrible but they aren't great. It is easy to be clicking away and accidentally move a mech while you were trying to just attack. Stats and symbols are very poorly explained, the game really REALLY needs tool tips for what this or that number means.-It has a very table-top feel to it. While this isn't bad, it just feels like it could have been better. Grognards might disagree but I feel computers offer improvement to the table top genre not just sticking to pure table top framework.Graphics: everything looks nice until you move or fight and your mech clips through trees or whatever. Some of the animations are straight up cringe worthy which clashes with the otherwise decent looking art.On a positive note: I have experienced no bugs or performance issues that others complain of. Maybe the only bug is the action camera that sometimes doesn't focus on the action.Over-all I can't recommend it. I will adjust this as I play but right not I am not horribly impressed.
Cylian	Recommended	253.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197970783559/	Battletech in a nutshell:One more turn.One more contract.Oooh, and let's finish one more mech!But why's the sun rising again already?
kalimonster	Recommended	40.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kalimonster/	Get it.So, uh, a few more words. It's made by excellent people. The artwork and music's amazing. The keybinds exist and work perfectly. (How is this something worth gushing about in 2018? Grr.) You get to stomp tanks into the mud.My only disappointment is with the character creation. I get that providing awesome hairstyles and badass tattoos/cosmetics for what's going to be a little ID placard and nothing more through the rest of the game is likely super-low-priority, but I'm still a bit sad that my 'me' is so underwhelming. You get to play pretty princess a bit more effectively with your mech paintjobs, but I'd still like a ton more options there, too.But, still. Get it.
WoollyMussel	Not Recommended	39.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198071039828/	It doesn't hold up exceptionally well to extended time. You don't unlock or find new weapons, just slightly better variations of the same ones. You only ever get to field 4 mechs at a time, which very quickly redners your smaller mechs completely useless. When you're going up against 7 mechs to your 4 you have to bring all of your heaviest hitters every time. Give me some weapon variety and the ability to bring in more mechs and I'll happily reccommend this game, but in its current state I just can't reccommend it at a 40$ price point. It isn't 40 bucks worth of game. 20 would be much more accurate.
darkdaze	Not Recommended	97.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/darkdaze42/	Right now I don't recommend this. I was a Kickstarter backer so I'm only in for $25 and I'm still a little disappointed. I think this will eventually turn into a pretty good game but its buggy and poorly balanced right now. Wait on some patches and a sale.
Todd Howard	Recommended	21.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Spartan114/	Amazing story set within the confines of the fascinating BATTLETEC universe. Take control of your own Merc' company and travel about the galaxy taking contracts. The turn based combat is easy to learn, but takes a while to master, and each loss you take is a hit you will feel in both your wallet and your skilled mech warriors.
Arcamis	Not Recommended	13.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198022905546/	I find I have a lot of time while playing this game to write this review as it takes the NPC forever to take thier moves.  I spend most of the time waiting for my turn. A few seconds of play and long time of sitting and waiting to play. If you dont mind playing games like chess with no time limit on moves this games for you the rest of us not so much.Other then waiting for your turn the game is pretty nice but I dont like sitting around waiting on the npc moves.  I can get my moves done in a few sec's the npc will take what feels like mins to get its moves done and I have a monster gaming PC.  Not sure what the issue is here but I have played games like this and never had such a long delay for npc moves.  They really need to rethink how they work the npc side of this game and fix it.
Larry Lackapants [NL]	Not Recommended	90.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Rampenstein/	Update June 4: the game just fell apart. Everything in it is now so slow it cannot be used anymore. Just clicking anything leads to 10s of seconds of waiting. Minutes to swap screens, load mission etc. AVOID THIS GAME LIKE THE PLAGUE!TL/DR: this is a steaming pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥ It is beyond bad. Demand your money back. The game is massively unfair. Enemies always hit, you always miss. Graphics are muddled, sounds are annoying. Gameplay is boring and way to slow.In it's current state, this game has way too many technical issues and it just feels very unpolished. The core gameplay isn't bad, but it is not good either. Graphics are confusing. It is very hard to tell vehicles and battlemechs apart. It is far to hard seeing what's going on and the camera tends to focus on trees and the horizon (read: on nothing that actually matters).  Animations are a bit wonky and very, very slow; they drag out gameplay unnecessarily.The biggest problem is RNG. My guys spend 5 turns shooting at 1(!) tank just to kill it. Everyone just kept missing or hitting previously undamaged locations. The tank however kept pounding on the same mech in the same location turn after turn. Of course that mech exploded. The next one loses both arms. The one after that gets shot in the head and the pilot needs 90+ days in sick bay. Three mechs needing months of repairs. No spares, no options, no money to absorb the inability to actually complete any missions. And that tank? Still fine. F*ck that, f*ck this game.Four of your mechs shooting at one enemy? You will lose. You will destroy two arms, one leg, two side torsos and whittle down the armor on the enemy until everything is gone, but the enemy mech will just keep on living. And turn after turn it will not ever miss with its shots. It will hit your mech in the same location every time, trigger ammo explosions, head hits and other fun effects. F*ck that, f*ck this game.Difficulty of one skull? Prepare to face 1 heavy, 5 medium and 1 light mech. Difficulty of 2.5 skulls? 1 heavy mech. F*ck that, f*ck this game.Try to shoot an enemy mech in the back? You'll miss, or hit a previously undamaged location. Get shot in the back? You are dead. Have fun. F*ck that, f*ck this game.Need to replace equipment lost due to suffering critical hit after critical hit? Sorry, it isn't available. Or too expensive. F*ck that, f*ck this game.Negotiated a good salvage deal? Sorry, there is nothing of value and nothing you want. Negotiated a better payment but worse salvage rights? There is a lot you want, but you can't have it. F*ck that, f*ck this game.Can't see the enemy? Don't worry, they can see you. You cannot shoot them, but they can shoot you. You will die. F*ck that, f*ck this game.Trying to scout using a light mech? Do not bother. It will find the enemy, who will then shoot and kill it. F*ck that, f*ck this game.Want to get an accurate to hit percentage from a certain position? Nope. Can't do that. Move there first, then we'll tell you the numbers. Made the wrong move? You will miss your shots and you will die. F*ck that, f*ck this game.Have one bad mission? You will have more, because everyone is either dead or injured and all your mechs are broken. F*ck that, f*ck this game.Want to navigate through the various UI screens? You can, but prepare to wait. And wait. And wait. Everything is just beyond slow. F*ck that, f*ck this game.Have an ultrawide screen? Nope, won't work. Or maybe it will, but then the UI will be ♥♥♥♥ed. F*ck that, f*ck this game.Want to load a game? That might work. Or it might crash. But in either case it will cost you time, because just like everything else in this game, it is very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, slow. F*ck that, f*ck this game.Ordered a mech to be repaired? Don't count on it. They will say it got fixed, but simply leave some structure damage untouched. F*ck that, f*ck this game.Need to escort a convoy? The moronic convoy will move ahead full speed, will not ever wait for you and will get destroyed. The client will blame you for the idiotic decisions the AI makes and you will fail the mission. F*ck that, f*ck this game.Need to prevent the enemy from taking ammunition somewhere? Indestructible ammo trucks will spawn, speed off into the distance and the client will whine at you for not destroying indestructible impossibly fast-moving trucks. F*ck that, f*ck this game.Want a fair fight? Nope, can't have that. You will have 4 mechs at the most. The enemy will have double that. And turrets. And bigger mechs. And fire at you without actually be able to see you. F*ck that, f*ck this game.
Clownsanity	Not Recommended	154.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198007520007/	SLOWEST GAME EVVAH!!!It is a NO for now, the game isn't optimized, really SLOW in every aspect, and for slow i mean SLOW, the biggest flaw are loading times, for a game that just push for to be a perfectionist for to salvage mechs unless you want to hope with rng loading times, endless turns since every enemy move take a turn, so 12 enemies are 12 of their turns and you must to wait, no fast forward button, need fast forward button and a really better tuning, until that Mechcommander gold is still a whole better.p.s. and i don't mention various bugs and various flaws you can find just by reading the discussions.Iam sorry but i didn't founded this game and waited so long for to have this if it will be fixed soon i may change my opinion.
ShadowSkill11	Recommended	45.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/shadowskill11/	Fantastic game but stuttering and poor performance ruin the presentation. I'm on a 6700K, 32 GB RAM, NVmD hard drive, and GTX 1080 and still experience long load times and stuttering during cinematic camera manuvers in 1440p. I'd still recommend it but if you are on the fence wait for a few weeks to see if they patch out these issues.
Thanos	Not Recommended	91.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Thanos125/	As a long term fan of the genre, and more specifically the Battletech Universe, there's a lot to love here for me. And I've enjoyed my time with it thus far. But I cannot recommend it in it's current state. The current roadmap the developer has released indicates they hope to have some bugs fixed by the end of this month and more content coming in June/July. My recommendation would be to hold off on purchasing this game at least until that first major update in a month or two. By then hopefully all the major bugs will be patched and there will be more content available to enjoy. As it stands right now the game is very buggy and honestly feels a bit hollow in the sense that the campaign is a touch short and the randomized missions a tad too repetitive.Ideally what I would like most from the developer is meaningful mission choices. Right now you can build reputation with the various factions in the battletech universe but there is little reason to do so. If I choose to fight for faction X against faction Y, I'd like to see my rep with faction Y lower. And I'd like my efforts in faction X's name to mean something. Currently neither of these things occur. Combat is a means to an end, a way to pay the bills every month, with very little else happening outside of the aforementioned short campaign.
Liz	Recommended	44.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/lizedwards/	This is the only BattleTech game I've played and I'm really enjoying it! The tutorials were brief and really insufficient so the learning curve was steeper than I expected, but now I have the hang of it I'm having a blast. Love the characters, love the story, love my precious metal children!
JiveTurkey=VX9=	Recommended	167.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197975490778/	This is the BattleTech game I've been waiting for since the 80's. This game is faithful to the tabletop games we played in comic shops and conventions.The hybrid Real-time, Turn based combat system is very intuitive and easy to understand even if you haven't picked up a BattleTech rule book in 30 years.  All the complicated detection and hit mechanics are calculated for the player and presented in a very simple to understand user interface.The Mercenary or business side of the game happens between battles and is where BattleTech becomes an instant classic that is the benchmark for 'Mech games to come.  You take contracts to make C-Bills that allows you the means to repair and rearm mechs, purchase weapons and equipment, hire 'Mech pilots and influence crew morale.BattleTech is visceral fun and I recommend it.
Liz	Recommended	44.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/lizedwards/	This is the only BattleTech game I've played and I'm really enjoying it! The tutorials were brief and really insufficient so the learning curve was steeper than I expected, but now I have the hang of it I'm having a blast. Love the characters, love the story, love my precious metal children!
Bahadur Noyan	Not Recommended	126.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198007663983/	First of all I am a big fan of BATTLETECH universe. Read all books and played first battletech game on commodore 64 maybe 30 years ego.Sadly this universe is very unlucky, even though it has all the content, for some reason the recent games comes up (Mechwarrior online and this one) are not even close to its original concept.The reviews here are covering every negative points, Repetative and boring missions, very bad AI, limitations on weapon layout limitations, you dont feel any atmospere at all as being mercenary roaming on a very small map.As far as I know paradox, and l love their games, they will fix the game as mechanics (very slow game), and content. the game probably will be a decent one in a year, but at this current state I dont recommend the game. Just wait a year and then you will get a decent game.
magus_darklighter	Recommended	112.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197977134822/	After a 100 hours of playing Battletech, then reading the negative and positive review's, I can honestly say Alot of people either have NO Idea how to play or dont seem to realize what the creators were trying to do.The game is MENT to be hard. Yes you run into 3 lances when you only have 1. Yes you will go bankrupt quickly if you dont make the correct choices. Yes you will be screwed and have to train new mechawarriors if you select the skills that dont help you survive or honestly dont relly have a decent use/purpose.First of all lets skip all that and talk about the characters and the story.The people you encounter are fleshed out enough with backstories so you feel some kinship with them.Not to say that there is a huge amount of dialog or deep connections to any of them but you will start to like them for certian aspects and hate them for others.The story itself is pretty stock Battletech with: Betrayal, Freinds Dieing, Hitting Rock Bottum, Building Yourself Back up,LOOT, LOOT, LOOT.Making your character is fun and does allow for some diffrent dialog choices some of which can save you alot of head aches, others are just filler and make you feel like you are really the leader of a mercenary outfit.The other mechwarriors say some funny things in missions. My favorite is when one of the Kickstarter pilot I hired says:I think i just stepped in some........AH $Hi+!!!! LoL. There are varied things each will say and hiring other mech warriors at the start to rotate them seems like a good idea since getting wonded in a mission takes a LONG time to heal.This is a misconception. DONT hire tons of mech warriors and rotate them you will go broke very quickly and it is honestly cheaper to simply pick another contract thats 19-21 days away and let your pilots heal enroute. Also maxing your first group then training new Mechwarriors engame becomes alot more fun when you got tons of cbills to burn.As far as taking contracts always do all you can on the same planet since you typically wont have any downtime unless you have internal damage to one of your mechs or multiple mechs get damaged. As listed above if your pilots get hurt travle heal run another contract.Now another issue is many people take cbills instead of salvage. BAD IDEA. You can get upwards of 1-5 million cbills worth of salvage in starter mission if you max the amount you can carry and take the minimum amount of cbills instead.this is also how you get new mecha. Selling even a 25 ton light mech can give you 250k cbills which is more than most starter missions give. Also sell the hundreds of medium lasers and heat sinks you will get as well you can easily get 1-2 million cbills quickly doing this too.Ok on to pilot skills. I ran 3 pilots with Bulwark, Sensor Lock, and Master Tactician.These 3 skills will keep you alive. Bulwark reduced dmg by 50% when you stand still for a turn front left and right. You can still attack and this makes you a dmg sponge.Sensor Lock allows you to debuff mechs that have multiple stacks of Evasive or see mechs that are out of sensor range. many people shoot a meach with 5 stacks of evasive doing 0 dmg instead of sensor lock them, debuffing the mech, then wrecking it with the next mech warrior since he now has 60-70% chance to hit with all weps instead of 20-30% Master Tactician is a great skill to have all throught the game due to the fact it boosts your iniative rank by one making you able to take a turn faster no matter what mech you are in by 1 level, 5 being the Fastest 1 being the slowest.(2 is the slowest you can have with theis skill in a assault mech).My main pilot or Merc commander i ran Sensor Lock , Multi-Target, and Master Tactician.The reason I ran this is my main Mech I put the best weps on that caused tons of stability dmg, and multiple times I needed to knock down 2 or more mechs with just him left to shoot them.The other skills are personal pref but Bulwak means no downtime and you can take tons of punishment with 0 cost in repairs.So onto what makes the game really fun the mechs.There are tons of mechs rangeing from 25t Locust to 100t Atlas with everything inbetween.You can change the level of armor, heatsinks, jumpjets, internal components(Melee dmg mods, Cockpit mods, Gyros, Trageting systems, Leg mods) and of course every wepon system type that each mech allows you to mount.YOU CANNOT PUT WHATEVER YOU WANT ON ANY MECH FOR WEAPONS.Omi mounts are not in this game so each mech has a set type and number of mounts for ballistic, missle, energy, and close range. I wont go into tactics since this is a VERY personal pref based thing and everybody seems to have a diffrent opinion about it. The one thing i will say is this Long range missles and Short range missles are your freinds that knocks mechs on there @$$es. This give toy a free shot at any part of the mech with a much higher chance to hit.Also if you were expecting to find tons of Star League Era mechs and Weps (ie. Lostech) you will be dissapointed.At 100 hours i have 2 mechs ive found that are Star League Defense Force mechs and have only seen 4 so far.For Lostech Weps I have 6 total seen 8 as well.......they are by far the best in the game.Heading into combat the mech combat you will only have the ability to drop once lance the entire game as stated by the developers. Im sure in a DLC/Expansion this will change to a max of 3 lances.The combat is SLOW. with  multiple animations and load times even with a Good PC/CPU/RAM/GPU combo. It has not been fully optmized yet. You can make combat quicker by shutting off the follow/melee/Shot cams that are accessable in the games settings.Some things will make players mad like how you dont have Full line of sight on a enemy ( a huge rock is blocking all but a tiny part of there mech) but you dont get a aim penalty, and all weps go straight through it to hit the enemy.Melee is fun if you build your mech around it or using jumpjets for "Death from above" kills. just dont expect to have great ranged/melee built into a single mech untill endgame Assault mechs come into play.You have a "Morale" meter that replaced the "Fury" meter from the beta that allows you to make targeted shots allowing you to blow off arms/legs, destroy mech torsos, or kill pilots. Reinforce your mech removes all stability damage and reducing damage by 50% from front and both sides( this is what you use when moving forward and need a mech to become a dmg sponge while still taking the first shot. After that your bulwark skill stays up as long as you dont move).Your primary base of operations at the start is a dinky transport ship thats miserable and has no real upgrades. You cant go anywhere but the back end of nowhere and your swimming in debt.I truly recommend you run story missions ASAP to get the Argo which is your real base of operations. With this unlocks you get more freedom and alot better missions, abilities, upgrades, and gear.After you beat the main story ark your truly free and can go anywhere on the map.....FYI this is how you get the most Lostech. Thats pretty much it. As stated before the game runs pretty badly even on a good system the Graphics are "Decent" not great but get the job done. The Music is truly enjoyable and sets the mood/tone for the entire game. Id recommend this to anyone who liked xcom the long war or wants a real challange.If your expecting old school mechcommander level of control (ground base building,multiple lances, ground suppot, bombing runs, artillery, tanks, ground troops) Wait for the expansions/DLC's.Good Luck Commander.
HH Zolaz the Demon	Not Recommended	1.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198078176031/	Kickstarted this game 3 years ago.  Beta Tested the game.  On Launch Day I can not play the game because of crashes.1.3 hours of "play time" and I have not done a single mission.  The game has crashed every time I have tried to start a Campaign. I meet th requirements to play the game.  I have tried everything mentioned on the Steam and Paradox Forums to try and make the game work.Eventually poured through the Error Logs and Crash Dumps after trying all the "fixes" mentioned on Steam and Paradox Forums.  Looks like the shaders for my graphics card are no longer being supported.  There isnt a way to turn off shaders in Settings.  Changing graphics to Low and turning off all the bells and whistles doesnt help either.Changing the game enough to cause it to crash prior to Launch when it worked in Beta warrents a bad review.  Not responding to Bug Reports on your offical Forums gets you a bad review.  Making it so that the game crashes for people who supported you in Kickstarter and helped you test the game in Beta gets you a bad review.I did my part, HBS has not.
Cyrix	Recommended	288.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/thelonesoldier/	EDIT: Currently experiencing a game-breaking bug that prevents work orders on your mechs (repairs and refits) from being completed. I emailed HBS and got an automated reply that their entire staff is taking a 1-week vacation  -__----I'm definitely enjoying it and would recommend it to strategy fans and fans of the original board game. Combat is fun, and the campaign operates in a mercenary format similar to MW4: Mercenaries, where you can pick contracts and earn c-bills.The cutscenes are basic animatics - basically, layered still images that move around a bit - but I absolutely love the art style they used. There's some character customization at the beginning of the campaign which is a nice touch, though it will burn 20 - 30 minutes of your refund window.The graphics aren't groundbreaking, but they also aren't bad at all for an indie title. I have no complaints about the graphics. UI design is visually great, but a few things in combat aren't labelled and that's frustrating.I think that actual gameplay has a solid core but the interface is a little clunky. Each turn, you can move your mechs, set their orientation, and then choose targets and which weapons to fire. There are some mechanics from the board game that aren't explained well (or at all) in this game, and new players may have trouble understanding some of those mechanics. Mechs in a combat have a certain turn order, but the game doesn't do a good job explaining how this order is determined. You and your opponent will alternate turns. Each turn, you're only allowed to move some of your mechs, depending on the turn order, while your other units are greyed out. It's not obvious why they're greyed out, so I think the devs could have done a little better there.As in the board game, your weapons have accuracy percentages based on the class of weapon, range to the target, and other factors such as how fast you and the target moved. None of this is explained at all in the starting tutorial, and it's not always obvious where those percentages come from. You can piece it together by reading the stats for each weapon once you've beaten the first few levels and unlocked the mech bay. There are also a bunch of optional tutorials that I haven't explored yet, which may explain further.Also, the weapon acronyms (SRM, AC5, ML, etc) are going to be meaningless to newcomers at the start (though universe veterans will have them memorized). Hopefully the missing information will be filled in during mech customization.There are several gauges around each mech in combat that aren't labelled and it took me a while to figure out what they represent. The red one is heat and the yellow one represents stagger. Neither of these concepts are explained in the starting tutorial, but they may be explained in one of the optional tutorials. (Stagger is a nice touch that I don't recall from the board game - basically, every time a mech takes a hit in one round, it has an increased chance of getting knocked down.)Once you select a target and weapons, your mech launches an attack. Some text will pop up to explain critical damage, and then quickly disappear. Overall, I feel that the real-time presentation of damage to enemy targets is too abstract and a little sloppy, but it's not a dealbreaker. You can always right-click an enemy to view a breakdown of their armor and internals.Despite my criticisms of the interface, I think this still captures the fun of Battletech - maneuvering your mechs, picking targets, picking weapons, and shredding metal. Hopefully interface issues will be improved in patches.Outside of combat in the campaign, you basically have a business simulation, putting you in charge of your freelance mercenary unit. This system is similar to, but deeper than, the mercenary system in MW4: Mercenaries. Frankly, I think all Battletech universe games should use the mercenary format. You get to hire crew, buy and sell mechs and parts, repair and refit your mechs, and train pilots using XP that they earn from missions. You have monthly expenses and you can even under- or -over-pay your crew, influencing morale. It's an extremely well-designed and addictive system. I love picking contracts, raking in c-bills, and upgrading my lance. One aspect I have mixed feelings about is work time - repairing or refitting mechs costs time as well as money, and a major overhaul of a mech can take several weeks. Likewise, pilots who get injured take a minimum of 28 days to recover, during which time they cannot be used in missions. This system is nice in that it gives you extra incentive to be careful with your mechs and pilots. However, it's very brutal early in the game, when you only have one spare pilot and one spare mech (a Locust, which is too feeble to field in combat and doesn't really count as an option). If a mission goes badly, you might spend 1 - 2 months on repairs and medical treatment, during which time you can't earn income but are still paying monthly expenses. It's realistic, but also kind of sucks. The medical treatment times are completely excessive - 1000 years in the future, it still takes a full month to recover from a moderate injury? It also doesn't seem right that you aren't allowed to field an injured pilot; a pilot who gets injured in a mission can continue that mission, so clearly he or she is not too badly wounded to operate a mech. Sure, sending out a wounded pilot would make you a♥♥♥♥♥♥ but they could have just allowed it and made it cost morale.Some people are ♥♥♥♥♥ing that you have to have a Paradox account to play, but that's only for multiplayer. No account required for campaign.The story, like all Battletech universe games, will be partially lost on people who aren't intimately familiar with the universe. Much of the story consists of name-dropping houses, factions, and people from the universe. I've played most of the Mechwarrior games, but I still can't keep the houses straight and only have a vague understanding of the overall narrative of the universe - I could sum up my knowledge as "the Inner Sphere all fight each other until the clans show up, and then they fight the clans".
animekalphotos	Not Recommended	0.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198402565553/	I purchased game on 25 April.  Cannot seem to launch it - keep getting  same error.  "Oops!  The Game crashed.  The crash report folder "2018-4-27_080956" next to game executable.  It would be great if you'd send it to the developer of the game!"  Cannot find folder or game files on my computer.  Any solutions?
Haudrauf	Not Recommended	3.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197961395655/	- Game does not start without having the file "AVProVideo.dll" renamed.- Loading a saved game takes a looooooooooot of time... Is it due to the next generation graphics?
Darkstar	Recommended	25.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/darkstarisgreat/	Weakness:  -The menus are teeny tiny to click on and confusing at first -The character creator is pretty trash (but who bought this game for THAT feature!?)Pros: -So far everything else. Not kidding.
Gamerofthegame	Recommended	37.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Gamerofthegame/	Game good. Very reminiscent of the tabletop Battletech, but without it intrincticly being a math formula you have to adhere to of movement and range. There are a few issues with it here and there, of course; the pacing in combat is a little poor. While you can turn off all the action cam nonsense you still have to wait for all the movement animations to conclude before you can continue the turn, which includes particularly fast mechs poddling to a stop on their tip toes. (This is, however, one of those things that I would imagine being "fixed" based on feedback in the future.)The writing is both good and bad, for all the story stuff it's Battletech-plot, which is fitting and good, but the generic missions just have a couple of rotated blurbs and nothing more. Disappointing, but not what you're here for either.The unit count is a bit on the low side as well. Now, granted, apparently the plan is to add in more and it's actually a simple thing to do for a mod/workshop scene, but that and the relatively low weapon count (because of the timeline, mostly) does start to make things a little monotonous. Being able recognize 30-40 giant robits over eighty plus silly things might be a plus, though.Game is good. If you liked the new X-Com series you'll probably enjoy this game, too. It's not X-Com in any real form, but it has a similiar theme of play. Runs well and clean, no technical issues so far. (Which for a Unity engine game is a bit surprising.)
Vonknauss72	Not Recommended	26.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198023130923/	Fun game but can't recommend until the camera is sorted out!!.. If you had a controller plugged in when first starting the game it totally ♥♥♥♥s up the camera when playing with mouse and keyboard!. It doesn't help disconnecting the gamepad either or setting everything to default. Maybe there is a user config file somewhere that can be deleted idk but whatever you do DO NOT have a gamepad connected if you don't intend to use it when playing Battletech it will ♥♥♥♥ your camera up!Until the camera is fixed it's a thumbs down from me
HH Zolaz the Demon	Not Recommended	1.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198078176031/	Kickstarted this game 3 years ago.  Beta Tested the game.  On Launch Day I can not play the game because of crashes.1.3 hours of "play time" and I have not done a single mission.  The game has crashed every time I have tried to start a Campaign. I meet th requirements to play the game.  I have tried everything mentioned on the Steam and Paradox Forums to try and make the game work.Eventually poured through the Error Logs and Crash Dumps after trying all the "fixes" mentioned on Steam and Paradox Forums.  Looks like the shaders for my graphics card are no longer being supported.  There isnt a way to turn off shaders in Settings.  Changing graphics to Low and turning off all the bells and whistles doesnt help either.Changing the game enough to cause it to crash prior to Launch when it worked in Beta warrents a bad review.  Not responding to Bug Reports on your offical Forums gets you a bad review.  Making it so that the game crashes for people who supported you in Kickstarter and helped you test the game in Beta gets you a bad review.I did my part, HBS has not.
Urrthelurr	Not Recommended	58.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198010544547/	This game has too many flaws for me.  The AI is dumb as rocks, there's no real challange.  The only challange comes from being outnumbered, never from being outsmarted.  Plus, whoever has the biggest mechs wins no matter what.  Also, I've come across some game breaking bugs.  I just played a mission, I was about to win, then the game got stuck on my turn and I lost an hour of progress.  At that point I closed the game and will be taking a break.
louis5562001	Not Recommended	215.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198130258659/	Pros -Had a nice concept about being a mech mercenary leaderCons-Practically none of the dialogue between and during missions is voiced over, which made me not really care about the story at all and gave me no sense of immersion-It would've been more interesting for your character to be the leader of the restoration as a whole instead of just your mercenaries as you dont feel any real stake in the main story at all.  -You're only limited to putting 4 mechs on the ground, which creates for extremely unfair matches sometimes even when the difficulty claims its will be fair-When your mech loses parts, there's no way for you to just auto assign equipment back on after you replace an arm or a leg which is tedious to make sure its balanced again-While you can navigate the star map to whatever worlds you want, you only can see the level difficulty that the system will have, not the actual contracts available for each unless its happens to be tied to the main story or has a contract they recommend for you-constantly slows down/freezes during turns in battle-graphics look terrible-there's all sorts of health bars on mechs but no explanation as to what each means-after a while the money you gain from missions is useless once you get past a certain amount as most solar systems usually never have better mechs for you to buy outright-combat gets extremely repetitive after a while 
Kossack	Recommended	162.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197992095774/	Battletech is an amazing game in general.  Gifted with Hairbrained Schemes' typical engaging storytelling, a plethora of customization options for both pilots and mechs, A wealth of background information on the setting for those who never got the chance to be introduced to the setting after FASA folded.  This is not a MechCommander reboot, this is more a labor of love to a magnificently complex setting that spanned decades in Boardgames, RPGs, Novels, and PC games.  I love the fact that missions constantly throw you a curve, you are a mercenary who takes contracts from people who either can't be seen as getting involved or need a deniable asset, as such you are constantly striving to maintain your meagre company against nearly impossible odds.The Good:Story:  I love how the narrative draws you in and makes you an actual setpiece in the Aurigan Reach's political discord, I felt invested in the conflict in the Aurigan Reach.  I love how the mercs you recruit all have different backgrounds and their actions and your reaction to those actions all have an impact on various systems in the game.Mech Customization:  The game is littered with tons of different options  for mechs, so much so that you could field a complete lance of the same model of mech and they would all fill different roles and you still wouldn't scratch the surface of the level of customization possible.Graphics: Simple, but breathtakingly fluid.The Bad:Vehicles are Ridiculous:  After 20 years as an actual Battletech boardgame player, I have never seen a  vehicle mount more than maybe 30 tons of weaponry, and those were superheavy vehicles.  So the mobile launcher vehicles in the game mounting six SRM 6's or two LRM 15's and six SRM 6's and firing them all off nonstop without regard to ammunition limits is pretty ridiculous.  I'd like to see this fixed to actually match original vehicle specs of the old readouts.They give you an entire Galaxy, but you aren't comfortable exploring any of it until after the Campaign has ended:You really do feel like you are limited to the Reach during the Campaign, monetarily and logistically it's hard to excuse delving into Davion or even making the trip to Kurita space when you are still trying to upgrade your dropship.Nothing after the campaign:  There isn't anything really engaging after you beat the campaign, you can travel wherever and do whatever, but there really isn't anything drawing you back to the game after the story has ended, I hope we see more dlc or expansions to progress the storyline.  I'd love to see this franchise rebuild the Battletech Timeline through things like the Blakist rebellion and such. 
tty146	Recommended	479.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198024190457/	Must buy turn based strategy game. Good storey, unique scenario and a growing mod community. Only change I would like to see is more mechs and permanent evasion option in the menu as light and medium mechs become useless in late game. Looking forward to DLC content as it comes out. Would be nice if Battletech mod manager or a similar system was integrated into the core game.Overall a great game, with a few tweaks it would become as good if not better than xcom2....which is saying a lot.Love it.
Brainless	Recommended	109.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197983161704/	I got this game during the paradox sale and have enjoyed over 100 hours of gameplay. This game is very hard to evaluate because it has a lot going for it and at the same time has a lot of gamebreaking mechanics and bugs.Pros:1. Gameplay feels authentic to the Battletech unvierse. This aspect is enjoyable even if you are not that familiar with the lore beforehand. Factions, noble houses, betrayal, revenge, all steeped in the mech battles - writers 100% nailed the ambience2. Mech customization - I have spent as much time in the mech bay as on the battlefield, tweaking and balancing my lance. There is a certain balance to the mech loadout and it works ( although not quite, more on that below)3. Combat mechanics are very enjoyable - terrain, firing arcs, visible range, sensor range, pilot abilities - there is much to learn and master on the battlefield.Cons:1. Bugs- some missions are bugged, especially when there is an AI present. Convoys of friendly units get stuck for no reason. Your mechs turn hot pink on a random mission. Game simply forgets to register that a weapon has fired. List goes on and on. It does not happen often, but when it does, it is at the most innopportune time. I have been stuck at a mission more than a dozen times and had to reload a save and avoid the mission.2. 100% random crits. Just when you are about to finish a mission, the enemy's last volley against your mech results in a lethal damage against the pilot. Oh, and no matter how many targeted shots against enemy's head you take, you will never have this 1 shot KO.3. You are overwehelmed towards the end. All 3.5 skulls and above missions involve your lance fighting against twice as many enemies, which leads to you playing only 30% of the time you spend in front of the screen. Combat is slow, even with the fast combat option turned on.4. AI is kinda dumb. Enemy's mechs are useless at working as a lance. They do not concentrate their fire, and sometimes abandon a nearly dead target and switch to another full HP mech. This makes the game easier and not in an enjoyable way.This is a good game. I hope HBS learn from their shortfalls and corrects them during the upcoming DLC. If these problems persist, then I would be very sad to see another promising title being bogged down by small fixable shortcomings
willwork4bandwidth	Not Recommended	87.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197997691992/	Could have been a good game. The story was good. And the Graphics are fine. Three flaws ruin the game, though:1. We are limited to using between 1 and 4 mechs, instead of the limiting factor being tonnage. Removing much of the strategy.2. When fitting out a  mech the UI constantly locks up, forcing us to go back  and do it all over again.3. And finally. This "turn-based" game runs like a RTS until you spot the enemy. And that means  that you either have to accept having one mech waaay out in front when you meet the enemy. Or rushing all your units blindly ahead by rushing the move orders before the movement animation of the first unit causes it to activate the enemy. I have a hard time believing this was intentional. It usually means that you face 2 to 3 rounds of 4v1 combat, while the other units get in range. Or scrapping any considerations of cover, LoS, and keeping your glass cannon safe, rushing all 4 mechs into the middle of the enemy that you had no hint was there.
darkninja339	Not Recommended	27.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/darkninja339/	First of all i really only said i dont recommend FOR NOW until the price dropsThis game started off fun. The gameplay is fun and is visually appealing. The problem is this game is INSANELY repetitive and you almost need to complete so many extra contracts in order to not go bankrupt between story missions. I can really only play like one mission a week before i get bored.It would be noce if there was a little more customization, and variety in mission types (as of now there are like 4 mission types but they all really feel the exact same.) It would also be nice if things cost less or if it was easier to make money, that way you can progress the story faster.UPDATE:  After the first couple missions TOPS, I havent had any fun at all playing this game. The pace is sooooo slow, its extremely tedious and repetitive. There is no variety in mission type, all mechs in each class feel exactly the same. Basically I would not recomend this game unless the price dropped to under $10, because I really regret pre ordering this game roght now.
DL44	Recommended	165.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/hodlum/	I didn't want to write a review for the game at launch because, while I love the Battletech franchise, the game as it came out was marred by many issues. Slow play times, bugs, memory leaks.I can confidently say that 1.10 has addressed nearly all of those issues, making the game a finally a playable experience.
ridley38	Not Recommended	63.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198021574375/	You get 4 'Mechs to field in a battle. But you have to fight 14 tanks and 8 'Mechs within a limited number of turns. Add RNG to each shot and your 85% chance to hit misses 6 times in a row. Oh and it runs like crap even on a good system.
DarkShoal	Not Recommended	2.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/darkshoal/	Product received for free
Yarakunda	Not Recommended	15.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197972656871/	Wait until they fix the horrendous load times, bad performance and bugs,
Gunboat2305	Not Recommended	357.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197991492177/	Do not buy right now the game is glitchy you cant load saves or log into your account as it just gives errors
Rcentrone	Recommended	26.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Centrone/	If you love Battletech then you will love this game. Unlike some others I have not had any technical issues with the game. This game is alot deeper then it appears on the surface. You can pick your mechs. You can customize their weapons. Tactics are very important in this game. It has Alpha strikes, Death from above, Melee (you can punch other mechs to destruction). Heat is a big issue and managing it is part of the strategy. I mean what more can a mechwarrior want! My only criticism is I expected the graphics to be a little better but it doesn't take away from the fun of the game. I say buy it!
CAPSLOCK: ENGAGE	Recommended	67.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/easytarget973/	Solid 8/10. Really gets more engaging as you progress further on, might be harder for some people to make it there tho.+Battletech/Mechwarrior yay.+Tons of customization.+Gameplay is fun.+Sim Side/High Level gameplay is fun.+It's relatively difficult.-Slooow pacing. Would be a 9/10 if the Battle/Gameplay was sped up (the settings offered aren't quite enough).-Feels constrained in the 'Open World'. Would be a 10/10 if they took a more 'Mount and Blade' approach to world domination.-Things could look nicer.-Did I miss the tutorials? Lots of UI is never explained, tooltips help, but should be insta-appear. This is a bit of a barrier to playing the game the way you need to.-More V/O! I don't like to read.Overall a great game, would recommend. It'll only get better, I hope, with DLC + Mods + Expansions.
Overlord Puggi	Not Recommended	3.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198133844032/	As a person who doesn't know battletech at all (at first i thought this is your typical mecha/ gundam TBS games), the introduction's good enough to bring you up to date. The highlighted words in the dialogues are really helpful, especially for someone who doesn't know battletech universe at all.The gameplay's quite good (not as good as x-com2, but still good). The battle kinda long. No 4x speed/ something (Hopefully the dev will add this feature). RNG (well, AFAIK this game originated from tabletop games, so yeah. Of course there will be RNG). Highly customizable mech. And much more complex management system than x-com2.Now for the negatives, this game is VERY poorly optimized. There are some minor bugs (not serious though). If only Steam have half good/half bad rating. For me, battletech is a great game. But this game is so poorly optimized. It hinders me to play the game.P.S. I will change this to positive review if the problem got fixed.
findtheeswing1	Recommended	200.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198127442911/	As a counter to some negative reviews.  Game is running smooth as butter with zero crashes or bugs.  Exactly what i was waiting for. 10/10  I run windows 10 with steam,blizzard and origin.  I dont know what other programs people run but i never have crashes  EDIT  20 hours in and still no bugs or crashes. Have seen others give a negative review over the slower pace of combat. Sorry but with all the devlogs and pre release streams around theres no excuse for people to be surprised. People are just trying to troll and need to get a life  I LOVE the slower speed of combat, i dont want instant flash to damage.  I enjoy the pace of the animation as it reinforces the size of lumbering 20-1-- ton leviathans.
dokterschlonz	Not Recommended	22.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197994280250/	I like Battletech / Mechwarrior games very much, so i bought this at 20% discount with patch 1.1 for 32.Normally i dont buy any unity games over 20, since they tend to be technically and otherwise crappy, but since this ought to be like mechcommander 3 i made an exception.Remeber, it's a unity game, which means you need to cut your specs in half and pay for the overhead in electricity.BATTLETECH is pretty much ''meh'', almost nice game by gameplay,and a horrid experience from a programmers perspective (it's a unity game).UI is borked kind of beta quality with some unbelievable flaws (simple inventory lists take 6 seconds to load).Campaign storytelling, i started to skip soon (a princess revenge story).This game gets a thumbs down for me, untill some technical and gameplay things are fixed. Technical stuff to fix (i got a recent 3.7ghz intel and a 1050ti with game on SSD):    - for what it does, the UI is quite bad and goes for stylish looks over usability and necessary informations        - why is component tonnage info buried into a hover tooltip?        - why is everything so large? so much wasted space        - asinine tacked on main menu secondary buttons (the ones you click the most, like mechbay & contracts)    - fix UI lag:        - why do i have to wait actual 6 secs untill a simple shoplist is loaded            (these insane wait times are all over the ui functions)    - fix the ingame camera        - i deactivated all cinematics and it still does weird stuff out of my control    - fix the battle phases and turns display lags and sluggishnessGameplay things to fix:    - more than 4 mechs to command (make it like xcom and increase it over campaign to like 6 or 8)        - that decision changed the whole gameplay from turn based strategy to turn based grind, since you best field 4x100 under any circumstances     - make units meaningful, how is "weapon optimal 300m" of any use when i can't tell it on your hexbased grid? (use hex grids as units, not meters!)        - what does +1 accuracy mean? make that stuff transparent    - better, more elaborate contract missions variety (90% of the actual game)
AllergicFrog25	Not Recommended	176.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198084521590/	Ok i have given this game a good go twice and both times i get 50 hrs in and i have had enough.in the plain jain terms it's just not fun what it is, is frustrating, frustrating to the point that the fun is drained out of itAnd here is why.you can only ever field 4 mechs no more but yet the enemy can feild twice that number.you have to strike a balance between armor and weapons but the enemy can seem to field mech that will stack a full compliment of weapons and maximum armor.then there is RNG if the game tells you it has an 80% chance to hit dont be fooled what it means is 80% chance to miss but the enemy like a QuickDraw will land all its 5 lasers and most of its missile's from the very edge of its maximum range.Then later in the game when you finally get some solid mechs hahaha dont get complacent because the enemy will land head shot after head shot so now your heavy lance means nothing because a pilot can be taken out in no time.and here is the most frustrating bit 114 hours in countless missions and even more countless targeted strikes at an enemy mechs head i have never thats never landed a head shot that i have aimed for i have landed random head shots but never an aimed one.you are at such a disadvantage that the fun is sucked away i dont mind an up hill fight or a difficult game i play battle brothers and thats equaly frustrating but retains its fun factor but this takes the cake and i cant help but wish i never bought it i dont think i will ever finish this game so for me its off to you tube to see how the story ends i cant stomarch another 6 tries at a mission.oooo and the mission difficulty rating needs fixing when it says two and half skulls and your lance rating is equal dont be fooled they will field twice your numbers as i said and never miss.the simplest way to put it is you never feel settled you never feel like you have beat the game even when you finish a mission its been such an uphill fight that you dont feel satisfaction from finishing it you leave the mission exausted and left feeling like no matter what you would have done different you still would've got your butt handed to you.Having said all of this if you like a game that will test you to the limit of your skill and push you past the limits of your mental stability and seem imposible to beat then this is the game for you.it looks good, plays well and so far the story has been very well wrote all these things i have enjoyed. i just wish they would've struck an equal balance between skill, difficulty and fun rather than just skill and difficulty.
Kaptain Kiwi	Recommended	49.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197990886767/	Well done HBS, its just what I wanted. hoping you continue to support this game.
kumquats	Not Recommended	39.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197968052198/	Echoing other people's complaints, this game needed a lot more Q&A before release.  Q&A is a costly process I understand but it is still very neccessary.  Biggest detractors for me are: performance - it's not great, gameplay - fluctuates between boring and frustrating, lore - soo much left out and a hamfisted story.And RNGeesus is not on your side on this one.  It just isn't a fun game.  Especially since my rag-tag periphery mercenary unit doesn't field a single WTH-1 or variant.Wait until the 5th or 6th paradox DLC comes out and grab the $100 pack on sale for $35, you know it's coming.  It's a shame that this is an IP that the paradox schema wouldn't♥♥♥♥♥♥me off if they delievered quality content each time.  This initial offering doesn't have me hopeful for the assuredly equally lackluster expansions.  $5-10 per mission/campaign/mech pack would not♥♥♥♥♥♥me off there's soo much content already in the IP that just needs to be translated to this platform, but if this is representative, then it's not going to be worth it.FYI that's almost definetly the plan, because otherwise how do you explain a IP of this size and import not having mod support out of the gate in 2018.I'm a kickstarted backer so I rolled the dice for this back then, I'm not sore, just a little disappointed.  To be fair though, tackling an undertaking of this magnitude it's understandable.  I think there is still time to redeem things.
normanele3	Not Recommended	102.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198254860511/	I really wanted to like this game. I've loved Battletech and the MechWarrior franchise for the past 20 years.  My first computer was immediately put to work displaying big stompy robots shooting the crap out of each other, and my first proper joystick was purchased for MechWarrior, not flight sims.  I'm one of those nuts who turns to the internet to find ways to keep coaxing MW4 into working on the latest OS (MW4-Mercs on Win10 works so far, which is nice if you want a proper MechWarrior game that feels like you're driving mechs and not just a twitch shooter with a mech skin, cough, MWO, cough).When RazörFist mentioned the kickstarter on a stream, I was excited, and gladly bought the Digital Deluxe edition. $50 for good BattleTech/MechWarrior would be worth it. This game has a ton of potential, but it is frankly not worth $50 right now, or at least not yet.  More on why in a minute.I expected some growing pains with a new game, which is why I waited until a few months (and several updates) after launch to get into it and make an initial impression/review.The Good: -BattleTech mechs, lore, ships (well, some of them anyways), -weapon effects, you really feel like your mech is getting hammered when LRM20 volleys are inbound!-apparent depth of control built into the turn-basing system-the initiative system - they could patent and market this for TBS games.-the ability to collect mechs (as many reviewers have noted, you really do feel the need to "catch them all").  -The artwork is excellent.The Meh:-Mission difficulty rating is extremely opaque, and not terribly accurate.  Once you collect enough mechs, this is not much of a bother, but you will get suprised and frustrated during your first play-through of the campaign.-The AI needs some serious tweaking. During missions with allies on the board, it is incredibly frustrating to have the AI always try to call-shot the head of a downed mech instead of the torso or legs that you just carefully shredded with skillshots, and the refusal of allied units to mass fire on an enemy until its molten corpse quits twitching is maddening.-No ability (yet) to customize the hired mechwarriors. This is rumored to be slated for addressal in a future update.-RNGesus on shot placement/hits. It gets a mite frustrating to SensorLock an enemy light, hit it with 3 mediums worth of AC, PPC and Missile fire, and have it not only live, but also score a headshot on your lancemate, and serve as a LOS spotter for 5 missileboats and a PPC carrier.  Given time, I expect this will be at least partially addressed with balance/bugfix patches.The Bad:-The game engine optimization and stability, more specifically the lack there-of.  This game, 1.03, is not playable at an enjoyable pace.  Even with all of the camera zooms turned off both the gameplay and the UI itself is painfully slow, even with 16 gigs of ram, a beastly graphics card with 4 gigs vram, Corei7 with water cooling, game installed on SSD and so forth.  When the suggestions from the tech folks to reduce loading lag includes deleting save files, that tells me that something has gone very wrong in the prioritization of 1's and 0's.-Unskippable cutscenes as part of travel.-No options to turn off or customize how much filler loads when you start the game. I don't need or want to watch the intro video, studio credits and publisher bragsheet every single time I start a game.  First time, sure. When creating a new playthrough, maybe (with skip options please).-Limited ability to customize mech appearance.  I appreciate that paining minatures is inherently more free-form than moving sliders in a UI, but there has got to be a better degree of control/modularity/granularity available in 2018.-And the one that really pisses me off, THE DOG-SQUAT POLITICS! This is supposed to be a game about glorious machines of war from thousands of years in the future reenacting the end of the Pax Romana. Why in the prolapsed sphincter of hell are early 21st century progressive and SJW politics present in any aspect of this game?  Why was even a second of coding time spent on adding SJW gender-politics to the game instead of fixing memory leaks?  Why are all of the NPCs on my ship only superficially diverse with no personality beyond SJW stereotypes?-The SJW convergence is painfully felt in the campaign as well. The player's charactor is not the main charactor of the story. None of the players choices actually do anything; we're told which faction is good, which factions are bad, who we're going to work for, how great and noble they are, how bad the evil God-Emperor stand-in is, and that our cause is inherently righteous IN THE DANG OPENING SCENE OF THE CAMPAIGN! How in the heck was that decision greenlit in a game with the player as a supposed mercenary Commander? How does having all of the decisions made for us before the game even begins make any sense as a GAME. Where is player agency? Where is Player freedom?  Why do I have a better degree of player agency and replayability in a technically defunct MechWarrior 4 expansion from over a decade ago than I get in a brand new BattleTech released in 2018?This game is frustrating, because it should be excellent. Heck, it should be glorious! A BattleTech game made with Jordan freaking Weisman on the dev team!  This should have been the game of the year! But instead, it's severely hobbled by technical flaws, that I optimistically hope will be adressed well enough in the coming year or two to make the multiplayer make up for the on-rails campaign, which is why I don't want to return/refund the game. I want some BattleTech, damnit! The SJW politics are obnoxious, out of place, and the attendant lazy writing cripples the campaign.  The politics of deleting reviews and locking threads strikes me as shady as well - if the politics of a vocal member of the dev team is turning away paying customers, that is something to address, not surpress.Given time, bugfixes, and modders, this will hopefully turn into a good BattleTech game. It's just not there yet.
AmirosBambiros	Not Recommended	42.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/AmirosBambiros/	- Battles are incredibly slow. It steals your camera movement and forces you to watch your mechs move. Before or after every attack, there's like a 5 second delay where the pilot has to say something like "Yeahhh!" and you can't do anything at all. It gets old extremely fast and man, is this game a timesink.- Line of Sight doesn't work properly, where they're shooting through rocks and trees like they're not there.The game blends together really bad and simply feels unfinished. 
WhineyThePoo	Not Recommended	116.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197978411768/	An unoptimized buggy mess that constantly crashes. Dated graphics and poor performance. Very poor introduction to game mechanics.When the game decides not to crash it will forget what it did with your saves half of the time forcing you to restart the game.My advice, wait 3 months and hope they patch the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of the game.
DREADMOOR	Recommended	107.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198074412332/	I love this game.  Plays like the roleplaying version of the 80's.  All the mechs are represented here.  Has a small lerning curve, but once you get over that hill, the game is a winner.  Only campaign play so far.
Darkireland	Recommended	61.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/darkireland/	It's like xcom but with mechs and headshots
Kaptain Kiwi	Recommended	49.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197990886767/	Well done HBS, its just what I wanted. hoping you continue to support this game.
[*~MAJA~*] Mandragoron	Not Recommended	96.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197964531147/	This game does not support my native resolution 1280x1024... O_o
Mr. Archdott	Not Recommended	30.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197986370968/	The game crashes and is generally unstable. I would advice others to wait before buying this title, maybe a patch or two.
Carnwulf	Not Recommended	106.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198020939488/	The game has good ideas, but the following negative things kill it for me.-Unbalanced Difficulty: In the beginning you are often fighting four light mechs with your four medium mechs and destroy them easily. Not engaging, but itsw ok to learn the game. And then out of nowhere come the story missions throwing 8 or more mechs (ussually with 1 or 2 heavy mechs in the mix while you are still forced to use medium mechs, because you cant buy any of those heavies) plus turrets and vehicles against you. I usually have to retry Storymissions 3 to 5 times to get through them. Which simply is NO FUN. And i already see it coming as soon as i get my first heavy mech the game will most likely throw 8 Super Heavy Assault mechs at me, becuase i am now so powerful. Really annoying.-Evade Mechanic: The Evade mechanic makes sure that you dont get hit by enemy mechs so often, however it only works 2 to 4 times every turn. Every time you get shot at, even if the enemy misses you, your evade goes down and once it is gone enemy hit will do full damage or even shoot parts of or immediatly kill you!! Since you can in theory do the same to the enemy that seems ok, but here is the problem: Combine this feature with problem number one (the enemy has 8 Mechs plus vehicles or turrets), which will make them  drain your evade (because they have more shots because of their bigger numbers) and then hit your mechs with plenty of firepower to cripple or outright kill them. You on the other hand always have four mechs. Meaning it is much harder for you to drain the enemy mechs of their evade and then land in good hits. This makes especially the story missions extremly annoying. Again NO FUN.- Did i say Story missions? Here the next Problem: The "innovative story" (spoilerfree): Our "good" Queen gets (for completly understandable reasons, at least for me) betrayed and dethroned by her "evil" uncle. The uncle is of course then painted like he his the devil/Hitler/Cthulhu himself and the game goes on how fascist  and powerhungry he is and you have to liberate the poor people from his reign so that the good queen (who does of course do this just because she loves her people so much) can sit back on the throne (surely she is not powerhungry or anything).Fighting for USA Style liberty and freedom... We never had that before in any movie or game, havent we? I am sick and tired of this super annoying cliche. If at least you could choose your side and fight a story campaign for the directorate (The uncle who i think is not the bad guy) then i wouldnt mind putting the braindead "Fighting for Freedom" cliche in one of two campaigns. But being shoehorned into a single campaign/story that is so bland/shallow/overdone/naive and catered toward an average liberal Northamerican Audience is killing my motivation.Even in Command and Conquer 1995 you could fight for NOD and were not forced to play the "good" guys GDI. I miss those times when gamers were given a choice... PEACE THROUGH POWER!!!-Racism: There is no blond hair and no Albinowhite skin (for Albino characters) in the char generator. Some believe this might be an oversight. However since swedish paradox is the publisher and considering the "Left Wing Freedom and Liberty above everything"-narrative in that "story" i have doubts, that this is a simple oversight. Of course if you are a burning liberal yourself you will love that "oversight". But i feel compelled to write this for people who are interested in true equality and egality in their videogames. -Technical Issues Hot running cpus (My PC is an above average gaming pc and seems to go into "overheat" like a mech after just one hour of playtime) are one problem.  On Top of that, game freezes, stuttering and horrible loading times and you can see why this game is so troublesome. In the End:I have already played to far to refund the game, so i guess i will continue the grind and fighting for the good queen *Hooray* for Liberty and Freedom for the one millionth time. To anybody else who wants strategy games right now i recommend buying frostpunk. Thats maybe a better strategy game for a lower price if i am not mistaken.
devilindupriest	Recommended	243.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198047292553/	Waited 30 years for a better than table top Battletech tactical game.  Worth the wait.  The generics like Mechforce, MekTek, and Titans of Steel got too bogged down in the details of tabletop without taking advantage of being computer games.  Excellent game so far, with 2 hours in and about 200 hours of pre-release streams watched and yelled at.  If you like it, play it.  You can feel free to watch my hours played climb if you think I'm posting too early.
Darkireland	Recommended	61.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/darkireland/	It's like xcom but with mechs and headshots
cujo_1127	Not Recommended	8.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198019539603/	This game has insane load time for the save files. I am talking about up to 8 minuites at times. Once in the game, the playing is lackluster at best. In the first fight past the training mission (that does not train you in some of the more complex things you can do), I took so much damage from them focus fireing on one of my high end mechs that it was taken out and the repair costs for all the damage I took was almost 3 times what I could earn on my next mission, leaveing me outgunned for the next mission. I do not recomend this game to anyone unless they have a high end computer that your willing to use on a turn based lower graphic game. . I was very disapointed in this game and thats sad as I have all the shadowrun games from Hairbaine and love them.
kumquats	Not Recommended	39.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197968052198/	Echoing other people's complaints, this game needed a lot more Q&A before release.  Q&A is a costly process I understand but it is still very neccessary.  Biggest detractors for me are: performance - it's not great, gameplay - fluctuates between boring and frustrating, lore - soo much left out and a hamfisted story.And RNGeesus is not on your side on this one.  It just isn't a fun game.  Especially since my rag-tag periphery mercenary unit doesn't field a single WTH-1 or variant.Wait until the 5th or 6th paradox DLC comes out and grab the $100 pack on sale for $35, you know it's coming.  It's a shame that this is an IP that the paradox schema wouldn't♥♥♥♥♥♥me off if they delievered quality content each time.  This initial offering doesn't have me hopeful for the assuredly equally lackluster expansions.  $5-10 per mission/campaign/mech pack would not♥♥♥♥♥♥me off there's soo much content already in the IP that just needs to be translated to this platform, but if this is representative, then it's not going to be worth it.FYI that's almost definetly the plan, because otherwise how do you explain a IP of this size and import not having mod support out of the gate in 2018.I'm a kickstarted backer so I rolled the dice for this back then, I'm not sore, just a little disappointed.  To be fair though, tackling an undertaking of this magnitude it's understandable.  I think there is still time to redeem things.
Mazeikis	Not Recommended	23.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198023318470/	A decent MechWarrior X-COM like game, but can't recommend in current state - runs poorly on decent machine, slow loading times, poor tutorial, very slow progression with chicken egg situation of "can't beat difficult missions until I get better mechs - the only way to get better mechs is to beat difficult missions", game balance is often non-existant as you forced to take on 16 enemy mechs with only 4 of your own. The list goes on, but TL;DR would be "wait for 6 months worth of patches and DLC and maybe get it then". 
Dashotosho	Recommended	66.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198021652296/	 Good game that needs a little polishing to be great.  Get it on sale.There's a few immediate problems with this game, most of which people have already mentioned.  Such as a bit of graphics lag or things that should be in the UI but aren't and quality of life improvements that could be made and the time it takes for mechwarriors to heal and mechs to repair (more so early on it's very punishing) but this game is still really good.In more detail here's some cons that are personally frustrating to me. Horrendous load times, seriously bad for a modern game. Some escort objectives being literally impossible because the enemy gets a surprise round which they use to blow up the convoy you're escorting before you can do anything at all to stop them. (namely just one mission early on that I ran into) The cost and time to make some minor loadout adjustments that should be free because video games aren't supposed to be 100% realistic. A few graphic lag spikes that should not be happening considering my machine. The difficulty curve in general because some of the early missions are extremely difficult considering how hopelessly out numbered you are. The fact that you can only take four mechs on one mission no matter how many you have "ready to go" up to 18 I believe. RNG playing such a huge factor and not so much strategy. The salvage system... really it's terrible . The difficulty listing of missions having absolutely no bearing on anything it seems. The lack of being able to speed up some combat animations. The lack of being able to skip some screens like the jump ship jumping, I got the idea after about 200 times. The lack of control over the camera during most enemy turns. No pause feature!  I know it's turn based but pausing can make for great screenshots!All of that said I there are a lot of things I also love about the game, such as.. Some of the Mechwarrior voice lines. Good soundtrack. The fact that you can put off main story missions as long as you like. The melee system and the fact that having your mech stomp a vehicle ALWAYS kills it. (so far..?) The Mechwarrior skills system. The variety of mechs in the game. The story and some of the lines you have the choice of saying in said story. The random events that happen, giving small temporary bonuses or debuffs on your crew.All in all it's a good game with a few minor problems that need polishing off and it will be even better.  I would recommend, though I'd say wait for a sale.  I got it as a Birthday present and though I would personally pay full price for it since I've essentially been waiting since 2001 for a game like this, I am a little biased.
Heresiarch	Not Recommended	57.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/misophist/	I ended up with three copies of this game from the Kickstarter campaign, and I haven't regretted backing a game so much since Torment: Tides of Numenera. Here's why:The tactical combat segment is decent, but only if you're willing to ignore all the cut corners. Mech customization is rudimentary. Between limited weapons choices, a hardpoint system copied from MechWarrior Online, and inability to change engines and the type of armour/structure playing around with mech builds gets boring very fast.The mercenary company simulation is outright bad. With long travel times of 2-3 weeks, high monthly upkeep that just creeps up with time, and low-paying contracts you are forced to do story missions because they pay better by an order of magnitude. The cash deficiency is justifiable only by having almost nothing to spend it on apart from the aforementioned upkeep. There is just no fun in it whatsoever.The story itself is mediocre. The plot twists are obvious from a mile away. All role-playing in the dialogues is superfluous and makes zero deference. The ham-fisted ideology of gender parity and diversity of appearence squeezed into the story is an icing on this ugly cake.Technical issues are numerous and include but are not limited to improper UI scaling, which renders UI elements unusable in ultrawide resolutions, mechs miraculously losing all armor after a mission and requiring extended repair time, to performance issues madr conspicuous by Indie-tier graphics, and the game failing to launch altogether.In short, almost everything good about this game comes from BattleTech the tabletop. Everything mediocre or outright bad is the developer's job. Cannot say if it's the budget constraints or sloppy project planning but the end product is disappointing.
jpinard	Recommended	137.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197970658884/	Game is great.  Everything one could hope for.  Just needs some major database optimizations.Not going to write a lengthy review because I want to get back to playing and collecting salvage.
Jongo	Recommended	2.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Jongomort/	I have had to request a refund for this game. Not because it isn't fun or doesn't hit the nostalgic itch, but because in an effort to create action-cuts during combat, every single thing you do in this game takes an extra 20-30 seconds of gametime.I get that it is turn-based, but that should not mean that a battle takes 10 times as long to carry out an action like walking one mech over somewhere, or jetpacking to a cliffside. Got it, yep, just want you to walk over there. Don't need a FFVII cutscene everytime I have you sensor lock something. Please, why does a 4v1 battle have to take 45 minutes?It's a fun game with the expected nuances of turn-based combat, but the arbitrary pacing absolutely ruins whatever fun I could have had. If you have the time, play on, but I seriously don't. I was really looking forward to a perpetual campaign as well. Maybe they just meant four or five battles would mean perpetuity.
Sigma	Not Recommended	0.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ippo279/	Poor performance on a rig that is above recommended specs. Stutters during action scenes, load times are insanely long ( think shogun 2) and random fps dips.
infalco	Not Recommended	11.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198006591329/	Very slow, unengaging game with a story you would not care. Nothing like XCom. Avoid.
Layfon159	Not Recommended	0.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Stationti/	Got to second mission, but balance seems a bit mixed, i lost 2 times in first mission due to enemy going in cover and one-shotting an almost full mech roflReally disappointed tbh, i had eagerly been waiting for this game and i love mechwarriors but this seems really REALLY unfinished.idk what even to say about graphics, looks like PS2 and every time you shoot the camera zooms in and you can see how bad the graphics really are which completely killed my immersion.Also the game is stuttering and fps drop alotMy game crashed after every goddamn loading (which is taking a very long time to load in the first place) and i had to restart.The Campaign map looked huge atleast, so i could imagine there being alot of content so thats a +TL;DR not worth 40 euro at its current state, heck it would barely be worth 20 imo. I'd wait buying it until they have actually finished the game. (until then, i am refunding)Pros: -seems to be plenty of mech-Plenty of missions it seemsCons:-Horribly slow loading-Graphics are beyond bad-Mech animations really bad and most of the time dosnt match up to what is happening-Dosnt even knock trees down then you walk into them :(-Stuttering + Bad fps-Voice Acting is all over the place, some are good and some sounds like they dont even care-Crashes oh dem crashes 
PAG_Elodea	Not Recommended	109.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/elodensa/	I really like mech warrior and had high hopes for this game. It certainly delivers on the management sim having harsh consequences that give meaning to the decisions you make, but optimisation, UI design, narrative, and tactical gameplay are all terribly subpar at this price point. There's an unmistakeable lack of QA.PROS- great cutscenes and art.- good management envelope- nice world designCONS- Make sure to turn on vsync or your gpu will catch on fire. Unacceptable.- Tactical turns are unbelievably slow. And it's not just the slow move speed (gg escort missions) - for whatever reason, the devs thought it would be a good idea to add an additional delay ontop of that between turns.- Tactical gameplay is quite shallow. You can 'brace' anywhere at anytime which means level design hardly matters beyond the occasional LOS. There isn't a concealment system for light mechs, which very quickly negates the whole idea of bothering with those. The only reason to use light mechs is to speed up missions because turns are so artificially slow (see above). No minimap either even though the maps can get relatively large.- Skill system is barebones. Only 8 unique abilities (2 per class specialisation), none of which are even particularly memorable. Xcom has more than 8 per class...- You can hire and buy at anytime even though you're flying through deep space on your company ship (??).- Dialogue boxes are god awfully slow with ~2 second delays everytime you select an option. Speaks to the endemic lack of polish and optimisation.- The UI design is a hot mess. There are duplicate buttons, menus with only one button, information types (e.g. financial) split up into different corners of the screen, buttons not grouped by function e.g. barracks and hiring or store and fitting are separate for some reason. The latter being an absolute pain when you're trying to fit your mech becuase you have to keep clicking back and forth, each time having to redo your fit. There's no way to see distance values/optimal range in tactical combat either.- The campaign story is especially poor and disjointed. It's as if they took a completed narrative and deliberately cut out whole sections and jumbled up whatever remained like the main character is a delusional amnesiac or something. The opening cutscene in particular makes absolutely no temporal sense whatsoever.I mean I'm still not sure how I became the commander of a random mercenary company immediately after being rescued by them. One second you're rescued, the literal next second you're on a mission as their commander (??). I know nothing about the characters and they know nothing about me - it's super creepy.- I'm always careful now adays about mixing real life politics with gaming unless it's topical to the subject matter. You just alienate people, and for what? Be aware however that BattleTech isn't as careful about that and does get up on that preachers pulpit to virtue signal certain unrelated political brands. Which you'd think would be the last thing on their minds given the state of their game.
acbolinger	Not Recommended	221.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198073280000/	This game had and has a lot of potential. Despite being overwhelmingly bought by people who wanted a rich singleplayer game, many core gameplay designs seem to have been based on multiplayer and skirmish balance. I hope they will eventually get something closer to right, but they are not there yet.
Swanny	Not Recommended	5.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198036093254/	Glitchy as all get out. I've been fighting with settings, crashes, and framerate loss the entire time I've been attempting to play. My rig does exceed the minimum specs to run, but it runs like crysis on a TI-84. There might be a good game in there, but it's worthless if it's impossible to play.
Midzy	Not Recommended	50.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/realmidzy/	This game is difficult as hell. Pls add ability to choose difficulty level!
Murdersaurus	Not Recommended	29.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197968916702/	I really wanted to like this game, the concept is good, the story/art are jus fine.  The only problem is the tenchical execution is HORRIBLE, I mean AWFUL.  It overheats your GPU unless you manually enable vsynch in the gpu hardware, battles take up to 90 seconds to load, I am not joking.  It is just an absolute torture to play.  There is a really good game in there I feel, if it would just let me play it.   Definitely consider returning it if the first few small balles don't perform on your system.  I know I will be testing and returning any Paradox games that perform this poorly in the future.
Arsene-Lupin	Not Recommended	4.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Arsene-Lupin/	Seems like Battletech could be a really, really good game someday... but not today. Hopefully I'll be able to change this review someday, but for now, this game is a hot mess. Expect frequent freezes and crashes, obscenely long loading screens, menu lag(!) and major framerate issues. I'm playing w/ recommended specs and am getting very inconstant framerates of 12-50fps while playing on the high settings preset at 1080p... and almost the exact same framerate at the low settings preset at 720p.(Note: I backed this game on Kickstarter.)EDIT: well three patches later and now I can run the game without frequent crashes. Framerate problems have gotten a bit worse, now oscillating between 5 and 120fps at the lowest settings, and the loading times are still unbearably long (bring a book, you'll need it). Battletech still sits squarely in the "Not Recommended" category, sadly. Maybe things'll change after a few more patches?
Externalized Opression	Not Recommended	66.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Jknight3135/	Evasion is much more valuable to the AI than it is to you. They will almost always outnumber you often significantly. Even if you generate maximum evasion on your mechs the enemies will simply have enough shots to negate it because every time you get shot at you lose one evasion no matter what. On the other hand since the enemies have so many more targets and they are all generating evasion frequently easily because they have lighter mechs it means you are forced to focus your fire to negate their evasion. Splitting fire of individual mechs allows you to remove evasion from several mechs but makes it difficult to produce meaningful damage.Because you can only ever have 4 mechs and the AI will focus its fire no matter the cost to themselves you will be taking casualties frequently, this is extremely detrimental because losing pilots frequently means you will constantly have rookies, and every time you lose a mech on mission your firepower is significantly reduced for the remainder of that mission making it exponentially harder.Any mission that requires you to chase convoy vehicles is a fools errand vehicles are so much faster than your mechs that in order to catch them you have to put your mechs into a terrible position and the vehicles are tough enough that you must also focus your fire on them meaning enemy units will brutalize you for attempting to complete your objective. Taking faster light mechs would make it easier to catch them but then you will simply be killed as your lightly armed mechs fail to kill the convoy vehicles and are then killed in turn.The only thing that matters to your mechs is their tonnage because they must be able to tank enemy fire and they must be able to carry heavy armament in order to negate the enemies inherent numbers advantage. Light mechs are next to useless because they do not carry the armament or armor to survive or deal significant damage and their evasion is next to useless. Since the only thing that matters is firepower and armor putting any kind of utility items on your mechs is just a waste, jump jets, heat sinks, and other support equipment do not give enough of an advantage to make up for its equivalent weight in armor or weapons. This means that your own team will have zero flexibility or variation and the best course of action is simply to get four of the same heavy mech, having a varied team seems to only be a disadvantage.On the other hand the AI having a varied team is extremely valuable since they have the numbers to make effective use of light mechs which may only have a single powerful weapon or many light weapons, they are capable of swarming you with light mechs that are still very durable due to their evasion forcing you to focus them down one at a time. In the meantime the enemies heavy mechs and turrets will whittle you down from range with their much heavier weapons. They overwhelm any evasion you have through sheer volume of fire and negate most terrain bonuses through same.The only strategy that seems viable is to cover all of your mechs with short range firepower to alpha strike the light mechs rushing you as hard as possible and then charge the opposing heavy mechs and turrets. Your mechs must have the maximum amount of firepower they can carry which means doing things like mounting all weapons on your torso and stripping all the armor off of your arms to save weight. This is a 'gamey' strategy that would never be done in setting.All this while praying to RNGesus that your mechs do not have their legs blown out from under them or having your pilots killed via headshot crits with effectively no way to mitigate the chances of these happening.The difficulty curve of non-story missions is so ridiculous and inflexible. I am frequently only able to complete two regular missions before the standard contracts are rated significantly harder than the next story mission combined with the fact that you typically only have two or three contracts to chose from which will all be at roughly the same difficulty.Because the AI focuses it's fire so heavily and the RNG nature of what damage you take I find my mechs are frequently down for 30+ days between missions the same with pilots if they survive. Buying powerful weapons from the store only means you lose more money when that mech is downed or has one of it's arms destroyed and loses the weapon. Since mechs and pilots are down for so long between missions your money is depleted through repairs, replacing, weapons and payroll that saving money is very difficult and only by completing story missions which pay ridiculously well compared to the pittance standard contracts pay, are you able to stay afloat.Also if you fit a mech out and then find out that your fit doesn't work well it costs a lot of time and money to refit it.The game has a lot of potential and a lot of good mechanics not to mention excellent artwork and a solid story, but it needs a lot of balance work.
Rob'sEvilTwin	Recommended	185.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/RobsEvilTwin/	60 hours in, have lost a few Mechwarriors and gained a lot of cool new toys. Feels like an old Pen and Paper Meachwarrior RPG campaign + BT tabletop. this includes the game occasionally becoming a sadistic bastard of a GM who will make you pray to RNJesus that you make it out alive, and you feel fantastic when you snatch victory the jaws of "what the actual **** just happened". Two giant metals thumbs up from me :D
milspec	Recommended	6.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/milspec-org/	Love it. Needs better UI explanations to help non-tabletop players.
Sovereigndrake	Not Recommended	22.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Sovereigndrake/	The game is fun at first, but loses its luster fairly quickly and just becomes a bit too tedious.It's still a decent game, but if you are on the fence, wait for a sale.
Blackadar	Recommended	111.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198007300752/	I've been wanting this game for 30 years and THIS DELIVERS!!!This is currently my top candidate for GOTY 2018 and it would have easily won that award in 2017.Battletech is based on the FASA game from 30+ years ago. In that universe, feudal houses battle for control of the Inner Sphere in more-or-less constant warfare. This constant warfare has taken a toll on civilization as a whole and the universe is in decline. The weapon of choice are these huge hulking 'mechs that stand 10+m in height that do battle with an array of lasers, particle weapons, missiles, autocannons and when all else fails their fists. This tabletop game is, of course, turn based and has a set of rules that take a while to learn.With that intro out of the way, this is not a perfect product. There are some real problems with this game and I want to acknowlege these. They really boil down to two types of issues:(1) Technical - on release this game has an array of technical issues. Massive slowdowns, a huge memory leak, a bug that requires you to restart your PC (though via the normal shutdown rather than a hard lock), longer load times and the like. It needs an exterminator to get rid of all these bugs.(2) Material - a lot is thrown at newer users. Learning the mechs, weapons, strategies, etc. is probably daunting for many newer players. The intro is good but this, like core Dungeons and Dragons, gets pretty technical. There are a number of complaints that the game is too hard. Some of these are misunderstandings on how the universe works (just because a contract mission is expected to be easy doesn't mean it will be) but others are struggling because there's a lot to learn.Now on the technical side, these developers have shown time and again they patch and improve their proudcts. I have no worries about that. As for the matierial? That's really up to the individual.So what do you do? You're the head of a mercenary company and you fight for pay. You take your jobs, battle it out in glorious turn-based combat, fix up and even redesign your mechs, hire your employees, keep the books in balance (out of money = game over), and try to get bigger and better. There's a campaign that will take you through a story but that's just window dressing. The battles are the core game here. There's plenty of videos out there that will show those aspects of the game. But it involves knowing your own abilities, your opponents, managing your objectives, damage and most of all heat generated to make sure you don't overheat your mech. So why do I love it so?Personally, I played Battletech back in the 80s while in college. I re-acquired most of my collection as well. I know this universe. I really enjoy this universe. And I've been waiting for this game for 30 years. I played Crescent Hawk's Inception. I've played the old Voodoo 3D Battletech games. I played MechCommander. But THIS is what I've always wanted and I'm having a blast. It's a recreation of the board game for all its greatness and flaws. It's because every battle can make an epic story.Here's an example. I got into a brutal battle on a 2.5 skull mission. That shouldn't normally be difficult but sometimes as a merc you don't get the whole truth and my employers didn't know or outright lied. This mission turned out to be me being jumped by 2 squads simultaneously at almost exactly double my total tonnage. The terrain wasn't favorable. I stupidly allowed myself to get trapped in the basin of a desert where there is almost no cover. I should have known better. The main enemy force faced me in the basin while their second stood on a clifftop. Not good. Being too far away to get to the shelter of the cliffs, I had little choice but to use the few tiny mounds and trees for cover and engage with their main squad.A brutal firefight commenced with my squad taking extra LRM and indirect fire from the cliff every turn while their heavy mechs started to pound on me. The desert heat wouldn't allow me to use all my weapons - overheating in close proximity to the enemy is a death sentence - so the fight in the basin quickly devolved into a melee slugfest where heavy mechs would slug the other or shoot whatever weapons that would not overheat their mechs. Mechs on both sides were being toppled and between the fall damage and the LRM rain from the cliff I started accumulating pilot injuries.I managed to get the upper hand in the basin and I had just beaten down the last heavy. Both my biggest mechs were missing arms and had severe damage including having part of their primary weaponry damaged and unusable. My Trebuchet just had run out of missiles. My Wolverine’s autocannon arm was hanging on by a thread yet I still had to deal with the second lance on the ridge. Then they lit up my T-Bolt and got a center torso crit. My mech blew and due to a number of prior injuries my mechwarrior piloting that mech died. It was out of the fight and worse one of my best pilots was dead.We didn't have time to mourn though as we were in dire straits. Under normal circumstances I could wipe up the cliffside lance but we were down a mech and the other 3 were severely damaged. I managed to take out their Enforcer but that left their own Trebuchet (out of missiles also), a Centuriion and worst of all an undamaged Griffin. We couldn't beat all three but we couldn't escape either. I looked over my Wolverine and realized that I had not taken any leg damage. It was all upper torso. In an act of sheer desperation, I performed a DFA - Death From Above - by engaging my jump jets and hoping to do something - anything -  to the Griffin. What happened next was the luck I needed. I came down squarely on the Griffin’s head. The periously untouched Griffi head was crushed, the pilot died instantly and the mech toppled over. My Orion was put out of commission by the Centurion but the tide had turned. My Treb and Wolverine proceeded to beat the other mechs to pieces. Thus the battle was won by the slimmest of margins but we mourn the loss of one of my greatest mech pilots.That was one battle and there have been others that have a similar epic feel to them. There's little doubt that my fondness for the subject matter colors my perception of this game. But this is the game I have been waiting on for so long and it delivers everything I've wanted from a Battletech game. I'll be playing this a long, long time.
riderin	Not Recommended	52.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/riderin/	I really want to like this game, i really do. There is potential behind all this charade, but on surface right now is shallow of a really good game. For example when i first saw the campaign gameplay i noticed that every time your mechs do something you have to wait for awkward pauses afterwards. You shoot gun, here is cool animation, now 1-2 seconds of nothingness. This was not fixed. Than goes framerate, overall game runs 60FPS on ultra easy, but than ocasionaly it just mess up and drop frames like craazy, sometimes my mech stomp into specific area and that cause slowdown for no aperant reason. EXP distribution is equal, which is bs for tactical game, no strategizing who needs EXP for a kill right now remove additional layer of crunch from experience. Customization is cool, but you have so little of variety of systems that you learn them to quickly and afterwards game becomes stale. Another problem is cap of 4 mechs, this can shine on large scale, you get your lance at the begining and at the end you will command 3-4 lances on battlefield and lead them into glorious battle, and with such numbers enemies will operate on larger scale too, so any of your mistakes will be punished much much more.... But no we stuck with 4 mechs top, so no double or triple lances. Graphics have problems too, for example same terrain type can have widely different resolution of texture, so you can see really poor blured terrain right next to perfectly fine terrain. For some reason tech explodes into fun particles, with♥♥♥♥♥♥flying all over the place, while when mechs dies they just play animation without physics, and if it happened on a slope, than it will fall through the terrain like in glorious 1999. Each mech cost same money to maintain.... Like.... Why? The bigger the mech the stuff will decay on it. No friendly fire and AOE therefore no reason to think about proper formation, only thing you need to pay attention is flanking. Some really poor GUI design decisions, like making initiative arrow thingies really blend with enviroment making it confusing to read.EDIT: Even more nitpicks. Grind. GRIND... GRIND!!! A lot of progression is hidden behind long grind for better mechs, ppilots and weapons, and it's possible to make grind fun, but this is not the case. Good exmple of grind will be Mount And Blade, while you grind, you actually affect the world, and that will change and shape world map, here it is just watching numbers go higher. Story is really bland, how can you make MechCommander 2 story looks more appealing than your actualy beatifull cutscenes? I really like them, but god mdan it's boring to talk with people in this game. None of them have any kind of personality besides token nav gurl, token mechanics, token negotiator, token lawful good princess. No characterisation of pilots. Remember Jagged Alliance characters? Okay too good of an example... Damn remember pilots from MechCommander? I remember Longshot and her quotes. Why we can't have better voiced and characterized pilots? Not 5 same phrases. I'm sure there is enough cheap voice actors who is ready to lend their voices to voice 50 pilots with something like 20 lines of banter.I love battletech, i want it to come back, but this is not the product worth the glorious return, it feels like it was not beta tested and polished enough, there is a good game underneath all this junk, it just not ready yet. When this game will get patched i'll most likely change my rewiew to positive.
Bonder	Not Recommended	68.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/bonder/	has some good and lots of bad. I am always in a bad mood when I play, and it's a shame because the side missions are mostly ok. but you can't get anywhere in the game that way. It's♥♥♥♥♥♥ Unforgivable♥♥♥♥♥♥mission structure with "surprise, 10 guys are right behind you!" ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ idiotic xcom-esque ambushes on nearly EVERY single ♥♥♥♥ing story mission.RNG♥♥♥♥♥♥ utter utter RNG garbage. Awful, massive RNG garbage. Loading. laoding. waiting. Hanging. waiting, waiting. Hanging. game hangs on almost every button press, 4 seconds here, 8 seconds there. waiting, hanging. Is the game frozen? Hanging for another 10 seconds. Even in your base switching from any part to another or evern selectint mechs is 4 seconds to 8 seconds of hanging, waiting for the game to respondRNG trash with unforgivable garbage missions. same ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥ different day.Price is a joke too. don't spend more than 4.99 even if you are dumb enough to get into this like I was. Gaming has gone almost nowhere in 15 years. It's so easy to trick dumb people into thinking "this is the game that fixes the crap that made other games suck"  but it is never true, not for a long, long time. This game is no exception. In fact it goes backwards in a lot of ways. ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥missions. Get ♥♥♥♥ed.
Dolphin	Not Recommended	92.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197967561477/	The. Interface. Is. So. Goddamn. Slow.Seriously! This is by far one of the worst in-game GUI experiences I have ever had. I want to love this game. I am playing it solely because of my fondness of the Battletech universe. Never mind the game is not perfect. I would have loved Battletech to be at least on par with good old Mechforce for the Amiga if anyone remembers that one (brilliant turn-based game), but sadly it falls short. Not only on game rules, but the whole experience feels a lot like a free-to-play grind title where the game is just trying to stap me to death slowly by making me endure an over-the-top-super-slow  interface. I have a modern machine (GTX 1070, tons of RAM and clock cycles to spare) and still this feels like waiting for C64 tape recorder to load the game.Battletech, I want to love you! But please for the love of god, never, ever, let me spend most of my time waiting for menus (15+ sec to get to the load menu to pick my most recent save), in-game actions, etc. You have something good at its core, please make it a priority to let your customers enjoy it!TL;DR; In its current form it is hard to recommend this title. It hits a lot of good notes, but it is a masochistic experience to play as it is. 
Murrdox	Recommended	93.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197979519353/	I'm going to give a short review for fans of the Battletech tabletop game.  Buy this game.  You'll love it.  For everyone else... Battletech is a turn-based combat game where you are given control of up to four huge Battlemechs to take to the field and destroy your enemy.  In addition to the turn-based combat, you must also manage your mercenary company.  This means managing your funds, purchasing and refitting your Mechs, training your pilots, and choosing which missions you want to undertake for the most risk or reward.  The combat is extremely detailed and fun.  Each turn you move your Mech, select your target, and choose which weapons you want to fire.  Each weapon produces heat, and weapons have different optimal ranges.  So sometimes you will elect not to fire certain weapons if they have a low chance to hit and will cause you to overheat.  The battlefield has cover you can take advantage of, and certain other terrain features will help or hinder you.  Some Mechs can sit hidden behind mountain ranges and launch long-range missiles to hit targets that are spotted by their allies.  There is a lot of combat variety.  The battles are lots of fun.  You'll cheer when you get that headshot on an enemy mech, or blow out its torso armor, or cause an ammunition explosion.  Battletech has taken a few pages from other successful turn-based games such as X-Com, but this game is definitely not an X-Com clone.  It's very much doing its own thing.  The story is excellent.  Fans of Battletech lore will get the most out of it.  The game does a great job of making you feel like you're in this science-fiction feudal world where knights have Battlemechs instead of horses and armor, and lords fight over planets instead of castles.  The fiction of the game is very faithful to the Battletech lore.  The core dropship that you pilot during the game, and the royal family that is central to the plot have both been created specifically for the game, but other than that, I can't find many other details that are changed.  Sound design and graphics are wonderful, for the most part.  The Mechs are intricately designed and detailed.  Limbs get blown off, sparks fly when there is internal damage.  Craters are left on the ground by explosions.  The sounds of Mechs crunching and weapons firing is great.  That said, the graphics can get a bit janky sometimes.  Speaking of story, you are free to do whatever you wish in the game, for the most part.  You can engage in the plot missions, or go your own course and complete missions for whatever faction you wish.  The game opens up a bit as you progress.  There are a few areas where Battletech misses the mark.  The first is mission design.  You'll find a lot of mission types in Battletech to keep you busy: rescue a hostage, defeat an enemy mech, destroy a building, protect a building, destroy a vehicle convoy, etc.  However, all the mission types really boil down to one:  Destroy all the enemy mechs.  For example, if you have a mission to pick up a spy in an enemy complex and deliver that spy to a pick-up point... you CAN do that, or you could simply destroy all the enemy Mechs and then escape in safety.  If you have a mission to destroy buildings, it's usually much better for you to destroy the Mechs, rather than waste firing at the buildings.  You can blow up the buildings when the mechs are destroyed.  If the missions were designed in such a way that you were going to face overwhelming odds UNLESS you push to carry out the mission, it would be better.  X-Com, for example, does a pretty good job at this.  If you need to defuse a bomb, for example, you only have a few turns to get to the bomb and defuse it before the mission fails.  You can't take the time to defeat every enemy, you don't have time.  Battletech does not do this.  Thus most missions, no matter what type, will end up with you simply destroying the enemy mechs.  The missions are still a lot of fun, but they could have been better designed.  The second issue with Battletech is that there are some graphical glitches that sort of stand out.  For example, you can fire at an enemy mech who is standing in water, and blackened craters will be left on the floor of the lake.  I've also seen enemy vehicles drive around underwater.  Sometimes you will target an enemy mech with a hill or some cover in between your mechs.  The game says that you have line of sight, so it will allow you to target the enemy.  However you might have say a low-hanging weapon like an arm mounted laser that hits the enemy mech in the leg.  You'll watch the laser blast go right through the ground.The third issue is the interface.  This is especially true in the dropship where you are managing your mercenary company and repairing your mechs.  The icons to click on to move to different areas of your ship are simply too small, and not placed very well.  It's easy to click on the wrong thing.  Secondly, there's just too many clicks here!  The interface could have been much simpler.  That said, it's not very complicated, so it's not a game breaker.  Part two of the interface issue are certain things that are not clearly spelled out in the interface as you play.  For example, the heat scale isn't incredibly obvious when you start, and it can take awhile to learn how it works.  Fortunately the game displays a large warning if you are going to overheat before firing your weapons.  Another thing that suffers for lack of explanation is that you can re-order and prioritize your repair and refit queue.  This isn't explained and is easily missed if you don't happen to click on it.  Battletech has the fundamentals down, and this is a great strategy game.  If you're a Battletech fan, owning this game is a no-brainer.  We haven't had a Battletech game this accurate to the table-top version since MechCommander 2, and this game is better since it gives you DIRECT control over all your Mechs.  I'm excited to see what the future holds for expansions.  I'd love to be able to take more Mechs into the field than 4, and have longer missions with multiple objectives
sosy1325	Not Recommended	102.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198025010193/	Bottom Line Up Front: wait a couple years until all the updates and DLC are out before thinking of buying thisPros:-rock solid gameplay-Mechs look goodCons:-bugs and glitches out the♥♥♥♥♥br>-uncompelling, unengaging storyline  -looooong load times-boring special abilities -bland characters
FamFanboy	Not Recommended	29.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197970287159/	Nothing wrong with the game in itself which is a fun aside from some minor issues of the difficulty not always being clear (two missions listed as the same difficulty on the contracts screen can vary drastically in actual difficulty) and it being a bit of a grind to follow the main story missions if you like pushing through those quickly in games like I tend to on the first run.  The problem is that it is that even some 5 months it is still a buggy, crashy mess and in coming back to play it again I'm reminded why I put it aside not too long after release.  Sometimes the bugs are minor or visual errors, which I don't really mind, but at other times main objective quests don't trigger or, most critically, attempts to save mission progress don't save.   A game where you loose 5-10 minutes of progress from a crash isn't so bad.  In this game you can easily loose an hour from a crash.  Furthermore, what may have been a great run can be lost to a game crash only to become a mess on the repeat run, which completely undermines your success and is simply not fun.I'll concider coming back to the game in another few months and perhaps it will be fixed up by then.  For now, I do not recommend this game it in its current state.
OdinTheGrand	Not Recommended	3.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198014895514/	Gameplay: PoorI was really excited for this game. All I wanted was solid tactics gameplay with a deep 'Mech management aspect. This game delivered neither.I was expecting something open-world where you manage and lead a company of 'Mechs on a conquest through the Inner-Sphere representing whatever house or clan you want. Essentially like a tactics version of MechWarrior Online. Instead, you're forced into this boring♥♥♥♥♥storyline with uninteresting characters and extremely limited in where and what you can do. The missions that are available at the beginning are uninspired and mind-numbingly easy.Maybe the missions change drastically as the game progresses but I did not have the patience for this game (nor should that amount of patience be expected of gamers.)This game is nothing more than a bad clone of X-COM. A very bad clone.Performance: PoorI don't know what the hell this game is calculating all the time. I think it's a front for Bitcoin mining because I seriously don't know how this game could be eating up the CPU and GPU so heavily. The graphics are not good and the video performance is not commensurate with that fact.Everything is slow and laggy. Every action you take or button you click on requires about one to two seconds of waiting before commencing. This is especially true when managing your 'Mechs at the dropship. Nothing is happening on the screen or in the game so what is taking so long? It's a problem when my framerate drops to about 10 when a 'Mech begins to walk in a straight line. Also, I've never seen a 'Mech actually fire their weapons; the game lags and skips about 2 seconds of frames so all I'm left with are floating damage numbers above my target. Horrible.The load times are just atrocious.My computer can easily handle much nicer-looking games with a lot more going on-screen so what is the problem, HBS?Design Decisions: PoorThe loot system is just stupid. You basically decide if you want more salvage (loot) at the cost of mission payout. What's the difference, exactly? You can buy things at the store so the salvage is just a form of money, especially since most of it will be random and probably undesirable anyways. From what I can tell, you just max the salvage because the sell value of all the extra salvage (even when random) will average a lot more than the maximum mission payout. Can the designers do basic math?Why not just have the mission payout a static amount and reward the player with salvage if the mission goes well or from bonus objectives. It's a lot simpler that way and that allows the missions to be designed with bonus objectives that require an amount of risk.I think the designers have incorrectly assumed the audience for this game. MechWarrior veterans will understand that the total armor and structure on a 'Mech means jack♥♥♥♥♥♥ There are components on the 'Mech that have their own armor and structure, which is not explained in the game in any meaningful way. In fact, it's misleading when you see that your 'Mech has 500/700 Armor left only to lose its right arm on the next incoming shot. I have seen a number of reviewers comment about their confusion on this. This is a tactics game so it's going to attract fans of the tactics genre who belong to a set of people that is larger (or at least different) than fans of the Battletech universe.The turn order system is just weird. I can see the depth of such a system but I don't particularly like what they came up with. The system basically assigns an initiative to each 'Mech according to their weight. The 'Mechs are then grouped into classes of initiative (group 5, group 4, group 3, etc.) that all must act before any 'Mech in the next class can take an action. The result is that the game boils down to each side moving one 'Mech at a time in order of weights.The problem is that every 'Mech gets just one action per turn. This means that you want your 'Mechs to be able to do as much damage as possible every turn. The conclusion is that light 'Mechs are just worthless because they simply can't pack enough firepower to do anything regardless of how far they can move. There's no time pressure in the missions so you don't really want to split your 'Mechs anyways; your lance will move together as fast as the slowest 'Mech.I think they could have taken a hard look at the speed mechanic in Final Fantasy Tactics (the first one for PS1) in terms of how often a 'Mech can move and then somehow integrated a weapon cool-down mechanic to determine how often a 'Mech can take an action. That would allow the lighter 'Mechs to actually out-manuever larger 'Mechs in order to expose their rear to the rest of the team. Just some thoughts.What they got right:The weapon heat mechanic is good. They didn't try to get creative and mess it up so it's actually fine.In Summary: Do Not Buy, not even on saleThe game is a performance disaster in its current state. Any enjoyment to be had from the gameplay is completely squashed out. The gameplay is heavily ripped from X-COM and the result is a sub-par clone.Final Words:HBS has to do a lot of work to polish this game. I would be willing to give this game another chance if they clean up the performance issues and significantly speed up the gameplay. I would then have enough patience to fully explore the gameplay mechanics to see if there is actually some good depth.
Rørik Þrumsålr	Recommended	171.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197968591653/	This is a solid tactical game with probably the best (IMHO) Scifi setting ever.  The sound design is excellent, performance is overall good with some definite hiccups here and there (loading time and 21:9 support could be better) and the core mechanics are Second to none.  There is a learning curve, but I don't think it is insurmountable by any means.People making a fuss over the personal pronoun choice need to chill.  As much as I personally don't care fore it it is a non issue in the game.
Luedieniel	Not Recommended	1.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/luedieniel/	Loading screens are long, which goes well with the battles that are long, which goes well with all the animations that take far too long (and many of them are quite frankly redundant). These things are forgivable though, but the continous stuttering when opening menus, the backpeddling mechs and the sheer dullness of being dragged into a story that you have little control over (You have an illusion of choice, but the campaign is absurdly linear), no all of that is acceptable..  What ultimatly tips the scales against battletech is that there is no blonde hair.
Rex Manning Day	Not Recommended	76.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198039683273/	Gameplay is mostly fine for me. Some people bring up that the computer's behavior is suicidally antagonistic toward you, and that's true, and it does break the immersion quite a bit.  The difficulty I thought was challenging but not nearly as bad as some make it out to be. I think an iron man run on this is much easier than say, XCOM 2. My main gripe is that the plot and story characters are dreadfully bad. Generic, boring, and diverse for diversity sake. The campaign also lacks a lot of depth. Talk talk talk, make some choices based on your chosen backstory that don't matter in the slightest, then battle. You have a huge star map with a thousand planets to visit but the only difference is different stuff to buy in the shop, which is mostly randomized. The mechs themselves seem to lack a lot of individuality as 'X-mech' can be identical to 'Y-mech' but with one additional energy hard point on it's right arm, making it strictly better. To top it off I can't really get behind a game with business practices like this. The DLC and it's prices are pretty ridiculous and I won't be bothering with any of that.
Autzen	Recommended	104.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197983176539/	It's like Xcom, but a little slower paced and with more granular control of your force composition.  Story is straightforward but solid (especially if you enjoy Battletech lore in general).Strongly Recommend.
Kereminde	Recommended	171.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198017329092/	So, three pieces of full disclosure to get out of the way. First: I'm a Kickstarter backer, and I backed this game back in 2015 with the intent to build my PC to play it. That did not happen due to several events (and my own decision to apply money to a different hobby as "I still have time", right up until launch), and I am running this thing under minimum specifications. So I am in a very underpowered "Black Friday Special" from HP which plays it - barely. I'd love to say the graphics are amazing and everything runs smoothly, but I won't lie to you - I play it on minimum graphics and get somewhere between one and twelve frames-per-second when playing. It takes me roughly twenty to forty seconds to load into a mission, during which the game seems to hang but then recovers. So far I haven't had massive hardware problems like a fan running full-speed or heat warnings. Second: I spent way too much time following and listening to the development of this game, so I've seen and taken part in a few discussions about decisions made when this game was under development and in the process. To put it nicely, I got to watch them make decisions for what game they wanted to make and the disagreements which followed. Lastly: I play the tabletop, at a fairly casual level. I will have been playing an ongoing campaign semi-regularly (as life allows) for two years this September. So I have some knowledge of the base material this was translated from, though it's far from encyclopedic.So, just stop here if you don't want to know more depth: I like this game. I like it a lot, even if it's not perfectly what I want. I recommend this game to people who like turn-based strategy or who liked the tabletop, but I want to leave a caveat before you go buying it. Watch some videos of people playing this game, then decide if you want to try it yourself. Be aware there are pre-release streams where the balance is different, and there are current streams which are showing off a more polished build. There are three parts to this game: The Mercenary Simulation, the Battle Simulation, and the Skirmish Mode. I'll try to touch on each in turn. You will only ever directly control (at this time) four BattleMechs with their pilots (hereafter referred to as "a Lance".)Skirmish Mode: Simply and elegantly, this mode is for you to pick out a Lance (from a full roster of units and a limited pool of experienced builds) and either play against an AI or someone you know. It's quick, dirty, and relies entirely on the battle system. You can build your own custom BattleMech units or your own Lances within four tiers of budgets, but you will only be allowed basic weapons and no special equipment. You can set some match parameters, but the heart of it is two Lances fighting to the last 'Mech standing. Mercenary Simulation: This is half the campaign, where you run a small outfit trying not to go broke or get killed in the frontiers of the Periphery. There's a plot, a storyline running through it, but you can take it as you like and just take procedurally generated contracts for as long as you can remain solvent. If you can't pay your bills, you're done. If you fail a story mission, you're done. Otherwise, you're still flying and you still have a chance. You will travel from system to system in the frontier seeking contracts for fame, fortune, and glory. Build your outfit from three Medium-weight 'Mechs and two Light-weight 'Mechs and four rookie pilots and take jobs as you like them. Later on you'll pick up a large mostly-derelict ship you can sink your time and money into fixing up. (It's a real handyman's dream, that one.) Bottom line is, the frontier of the Aurigan Reach is yours to wander in increasingly broad scopes through the game. Battle Simulation: Doing battle an invisible grid of locations, trying to work out a mission contract you picked up. The combat area is a bit small, intimate even, so don't get carried away. However, it's not entirely common you will be using the whole engagement area in the process. You'll be dropped in with your one Lance of handpicked 'Mechs and pilots against anywhere from one to three Lances of enemy units. You will rarely be outgunning and outnumbering your enemies, and you need to watch your waste heat buildup and stability as well as armor and structure. Once the mission is over, you are out and back to the Mercenary Simulation to claim your payment, salvage, and repair so you can take the next challenge on.So, now that I talked general and in a positive manner about the game, let me point out some things which are a problem. Aside from how your hardware runs it. (Note: Developers have suggested high-speed low-core processors are better at handling this than low-speed high-core processors. Some have also said Solid State drives are good for cutting load times. I can attest to neither personally.)- Battles can feel like a bit of a slog. You can't end a battle until all objectives are finished, which means if you're supposed to destroy a half-dozen hardened buildings you need to do that. Even if it takes you another ten minutes. Just removing all the active enemies and controlling the battlefield is not enough. Sometimes your enemies have a lot of armor or simply refuse to die easy, and you're playing "whack the pinata" hoping for the next salvo to actually put it down. - You can, and will, be screwed over by random chance. 85% chance to hit? Watch everything miss. As someone who played the tabletop with dice, I can only sigh and throw my hands up as it's often worse there. Always have a backup plan.- The core story is not amazing, unique, or special. It is, however, competent. This is BattleTech, where the main attraction is multi-ton war machines fighting it out over a planet nobody really cares about, for something which you don't need to know all the details about from your employer. So don't expect a transcendent experience with the story, and you'll be good.- Certain "iconic" units aren't in the game yet thanks to external problems. The developers have stated they really, really hope to add them in the future as soon as obstacles are cleared and everything is fine. But if you're wanting to hop into a Marauder, then I'm sad to say that's not happening. Yet.- There are several things the studio has looked at as the next step for things to work on, but they have no announcements yet other than working on Linux support and bugfixing as best they can. There is a lot they want to include, but time and money is not necessarily on their side. With success, however . . .- There are no quads. This is a problem. If you read this far to reach the aformentioned memetic complaint, then thank you for your patience. You probably will enjoy this game. Watch some videos of gameplay, and see if you like it. I highly recommend the experience but . . . I have no idea if you will like it, merely hopes it'll fit nicely with other turn-based strategy games in your library.
GhostDogKilla	Recommended	46.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198005732099/	I'm about 24 hours in and I am thoroughly loving this game. Sure there are a fewshortcomings, and I'm writing this before reading any other view so as not to bias myself, but one thing is for sure: Battletech has me addicted! Things I love about it so far: -The management aspect (maintaining your navy of mechs, putting together effective lances, upgrading your home ship, etc). Very similar to XCOM, set in the Battletech universe. What more could you ask for? -Combat feel good. Definitely visceral, and when you score a killing blow it feels oh so good. -Good pacing. Not too grindy, but not too easy either. After 24 hours of solid play, my lances are typically 50% heavy 50% medium. -Carryover damage/repair mechanic. I LOVE the fact that after a brutal fight that leaves your mechs limping back to the dropship, they will likely be out of service for the next 1-2 months, requiring you to mixup your lance with a secondary or even terciery lineup of mechs. This means you will constantly be evaluating the value of each mission and determining whether it's worth using your best frontline mechs or whether you can get by with a more "average" squad, saving your best for when you really need them. It also forces you to adapt your play style and become familiar with the various mechs in the Battletech universe. -Mission reward system. I love that you have to decide between money, salvage and reputation. Do you need to focus on short term, medium term or long term? Awesome balancing mechanic. The management of your merc company is deep and rewarding.-Learning curve. I love me a game with a decent skill/learning curve. When I first started out, I found myself getting frustrated occasionally on hard missions or when my lance came away more damaged than what felt appropriate for the enemy squad faced. As I have learned the nuances of the positioning, movement system, weapon systems etc, I have gotten significantly more efficient...and deadly. -The story. I'm new to the Battletech universe but I'm really enjoying the backdrop. Granted this isn't the achievement of this game itself, but I like the campaign story and I've definitely encountered worse when it comes to plot. If there's one thing I'm critical of it's the lack of voice-overs for much of the game text from popups and conversations and such. The battles tend to feel intense and the campaign does a greatjob of creating atmosphere, so when you're required to sit there and read all the text it detracts from the experience a bit. In the grand scheme of things this is a minor complaint. -No speed up button. It would be nice if you could increase the game speed during enemy turns. Granted, this would also detract from the experience a bit, and sometimes forcing you to be patient can be a good thing (creates pacing, makes each turn and battle more meaningful as it's more difficult to spam missions). That's it for now, I may update this review later as I get further on in the game. If you're on the fence about this game, just pick it up. I'm thinking there is a more than fair chance you will love it :)
brandongmccartney	Recommended	113.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197987810329/	Played the tabletop games as a kid.   This is that game I've been waiting for for years. Well executed and a lot of fun.   I hope they add expansion packs like Aerotech and Citytech.   A few small quibbles that slow the action down at times isn't enough to give  me a headacha. Anyone who likes mild micro management and the feeling of accomplishment when your scout mech "death from above's" an undamaged boss mech that was alpha striking EVERYTHING and get that rare head smashing kill.... Then you get to salvage all three parts to keep said boss mech and then that becomes your Lance Commanders  mech. Good stuff. I recommend.
Shifticus	Recommended	78.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197995494613/	Great turn based squad (lance) level combat, moderate business management and light RPG elements overall wrap the game together. Short version of the review is its an imperfect game, but for $40 its a must buy if you are a Battletech fan, and almost must buy if you are just a giant robot fan, moderatly must buy if you are an XCOM type fan. If you dont like RTS or want a CO-OP game, this isnt for you.Combat is fun, but it isnt a Mechwarrior game, outside of specific abilities or certain situations you cant really target specific spots on enemy mechs, you just smack them around and hope your damage is hitting where you want. You can of course use angle of attack to help the damage to be on the rough area you want it.On the business side I like the ability to using a slider mechanic somewhat negotiate your contract between salary and salvage rights; or even reputation gain if you want to run a well respcted charity :-). The salvage rights allow you to say 1/6, pick one item and get 6 from the salvage table at random, or 2/10 get 2 picks and 10 random items etc. So far I have gotten decent luck with the random salvage item giving me actual pieces to help build a whole mech. I might like this system less if I had worse luck so far. The way mech salvage is done is a bit weird, you wont ever recover a whole mech, you bascially have to recover 3 generic pieces of each mech to build a whole mech.Overall I am only 6 hours in, so I cant yet speak to how well the random mission generator will go, but so far missions have been enjoyable. Currently I have only an escort or assasination contract available, neither of which sounds appealing to me. I will try the escort and see if I hate it or not. If I do in the future I still need to test if i let game time run if new contracts would have eventually been offered to me.TLDR: Buy it unless you dont like turn-based or giant robot games; dont buy it if you want CO-OP.
SoapMacLavish	Recommended	41.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SoapMacLavish/	Even though I have a pitance of hours put in so far; this easily has captured the essence of the board game, and I cannot praise the game enough for that. No issues as of yet, but will update this once more hours have been put in. Long Live House Davion.
Scorch	Recommended	43.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198014025717/	This game is awesome.  I started with Battletech way back with the tabletop game & pewter minitures, and every Battletech/Mechwarrior video game in between.  Plus I've read all (and I do mean all) the paperbacks.  I qualify this so that you know that I mean it when I say I am a huge fan of the Battletech world.  And a strategy game fan.  So, this game just simply does it all.  Great, authentic, story.  My speed of game play (turn based).  This game truly does the series justice, and is very entertaining too!!!
JZig	Recommended	47.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jzig/	Fun tactical strategy game, kinda like XCom with giant mechs. The campaign is pretty long at around 50 hours, but there isn't that much to do afterwards with your very powerful mechs. This is a great game but you don't necessarily need to buy it right now, the load times are still quite rough and a few months of mods or DLC will bring some more fun content
Texas Jack	Recommended	136.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197995777738/	100 hours in and finally beat the main compaign.  I really enjoyed the story.  There are a lot of comments about the UI but it works quite well.  There are some builds that are stronger than others but part of the fun is finding your preferred build.  I look forward to more Star League mech and hopefully, Clan mechs in the future!
[RF]Nordace	Recommended	85.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197984018275/	The game is solid entertainment. Okay story, if a little tropey. I do like the turn-based combat and the mechanics surrounding it (not -quite as much the XCOM style of hit probability. 95% hit chance means a surprising amount of misses, even when not considering evasion, almost like it just shows you the base hit with all -your own- bonuses, and not calculating in enemy bonuses into the number, again, see 95% hit chance).My biggest issue is the streamlining. Now, it has gotten -better- but still has a ways to go. Travelling between planets was novel the first five-six times I did it. I admired the ship, got to fix some scheduling I had forgotten... After that. Travelling between planets became laborious. The same, largely unskippable transition sequences... It is okay to offer an option to skip the travel sequence entirely. Sure, if you mess up a scheduling or forget to repair a mech, well that's the player's fault, and thus should be their choice to safeguard with standard pacing, or skip ahead, consequences be damned. Travelling to find work contracts Or fulfilling them soon stack up the travel time. If you say, do travel a hundred times, and in current state, each travel takes between one and two minutes on average... Yeah... It's not as bad as Mass Effect Andromeda in-system transition sequences, but it sure feels close. (And it's a -waste- of player's time). Yes there are occasional messages that give you choices, but not enough to justify forcing the player to watch the entire journey over, and over, and over again. (Time skip could just stop to allow you to answer its question, and them resume once answer was given).Before jumping, there are a few things that might need to be done, namely:-Schedule mech repairs-Schedule mech refits-schedule buildable upgrades-schedule mech reactivation (takes three days)-(mech warrior health recovery (automatic))All of these fulfill themselves... As such, there is -no- reason skipping the 1-2 minute travel sequences should be impossible. (it could even stop if there's a random event to deal with).-But- is it a problem? I mean it's just one minute right? stop whining... Well... Those idle minutes start stacking up surprisingly fast, and that is not okay.As I started the review with, the game is really solid, sure it could always have -more-, but what it has now is fine. It just needs to be streamlined. The 1.1 patch did wonders to speed things up in combat, and I wish this will be done for the management side of the game as well.
Case	Recommended	20.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197981054668/	This simply is the best game I've played at least in the last year.  Great from the opening cinematics through the single-player game.  What a great game, and the functional equivalent of "The Crescent Hawk's Revenge," which is to say, a classic for it's time.Worth every penny, in fact I may see if I can upgrade my kickstarter with them and become a retroactive gold founder."Shut up and take my money!"All they need to do is a second kickstarter for an open world/galaxy MMO for inner sphere mercenaries like the old web-based MEK-TEK and they can have a follow on title.Love running my own Company and trying to stay afloat.
deadsunwheel	Recommended	72.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198084173593/	A great turn based tactical game featuring giant mechs. The graphics are nice enough but the play is the thing with this one. It gives me a similar overall feel to X-Com with individual units manouvering around a map trying to get the best possible shot on each other. Where they differ though is that if X-Com was a sport Battletech feels like the heavy weight division. Everything feels tougher. Kill takes more work and vehicles mount heavy weapons that can wreck your opponent's day when they connect.Lots of fun.
Mistrbluesky	Recommended	11.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mistrbluesky/	is good
ChrisIOMUK	Not Recommended	16.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198023322364/	A great game burried under a books worth of technical issues. Crashing after hour long missions (without auto saving) or loading save files during missions to have the game frozen are just two of these. So disapointing after the long wait.
Concrete	Recommended	66.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/concretegg/	Fantastic game. The mercenary company management layer was something I didn't know I wanted until I dug into it. I greatly enjoy trying out different 'Mech load-outs and lance combinations as well as training MechWarriors to be good at specific roles rather than specific 'Mechs. It would have been easy to have MechWarrior training be tied down to a specific 'Mech load-out (Or worse, a specific 'Mech) However, since 'Mechs and MechWarriors get injured/damaged in missions you will sometimes have to make do with what you have - and that feels amazing in a tactics game.Not having A-team with the best 'Mechs means that you sometimes have situations where you will have to bring along a rookie pilot with some Locust you have sitting in your storage. You realize that you have to change the way you play. No more tank and spank!The battle tactics gameplay and UI is also very well done and I enjoy the sound and feel of huge vehicles running and stomping around. Speaking of audio, the music is wonderful and haunting - not exactly what you would expect from a war game.Performance is only above average and there are some random framedrops here and there. I have not experienced any crashes like other players seem to have faced.Who is this for? - Fans of turn based tactics games (XCOM)- Fans of BattleTech- Fans of giant robots- Fans of giant robots firing missiles, lasers and railguns at each other
Nuklearweasel	Recommended	40.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/nuklear_weasel/	It's amazing that a gender pronoun did not completely ruin this game for me.Positives: Giant Fighting RobotsRPG style story modeImmersive universe with voice acting and cool animationsFun XCOM style strategyCons:Have to wait for favorite/iconic "CLAN" mechs like Timberwolf & Cougar :( Likely Paradox DLC wall (whatever though)11/10 would not get triggered by having "They" in character creation.  
Bryo	Recommended	59.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/bryo4321/	Finally its here.It's very addictive and excellent fun if you are a fan turn based strategy.If you are a battletech or mechwarrior fan however... yes this is what we've been waiting for.
Valonqar	Not Recommended	23.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198135543205/	Battletech - I have been a fan since the 80's, read books, and Kickstarter. I cannot play the campaign though due to the cinema camera angles, sticking you viewing from a bush or limited view so i have no idea who is firing at me. Its really just to anoying. Then there is the new Evasion mechanic that makes no sense. Why is it that the more people that shoot at your jumping Spider the easier it is for others to hit? This isnt a Battletech mechanic and makes scout mechs easy to hit. Now missles, they no longer seem to roll to hit but just goto how many hit. I can have 5 evasion and still get hit with 1-3 LRM 15 rounds. So put some missles on most mechs now. It doesnt feel loke battletech, sad :(
Jacobin	Recommended	44.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198040164824/	Called-in sick so that I could play on launch day. Could not put it down... So much fun. I've been playing the TT since 1992. THIS is a fantastic translation. Perhaps better than the TT even. Not a fan of the political statement this game makes. Politics should be left out of big stompy-stompy robot nostalgia fun IMO. Lots of polishing needed to the action sequences, too. Still, and fantastic title. Well worth the asking price! Thank you HBS! Very happy I backed this!! I hope you expand it in the future.
Rivethead	Recommended	393.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197982685012/	It's been many years since I had such a love / hate relationship with a game; Battletech is one of them.Reading the BT forums there seems to be only two "camps"- either "LOL GET GUD" or " Hey...there's a problem here...."Well, there are some problems here...Pros- Feels like the TT version; fights are challenging;Cons- lets see...tutorial does zero to prepare a player for positioning in combat , which is critical; The "missions" and maps repeat way too often; The "RNG" is ALMOST as bad as when Darkest Dungeon 1st came out. Almost! Load time are a joke, and traveling across a vast space is tedious. Oh! and my favorite: the "skull" system of determining difficulty. Mission difficulty is rated 1-5 skulls. Seems simple enough. Problem starts when you do a 2.5 mission and get slaughtered. Opps! ya know the "difficulty" is just a GUESS!!!!Really.So- IF YOU ARE planning to buy Battletech I strongly advise you too watch some tips videos on YouTube!Rivscore 79 / 100 
crowe1714	Recommended	33.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198024332031/	Been playing Battletech as long as there has been Battletech and i've got to say if you love the table top version you will love this one. As much as I like the Mechwarrior games and ive played them all, this blows them all away. Up until now ive only Megamek for real battletech on my computer but now ive got this too! I recommend this with out reservations!
hahacharade	Recommended	112.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198029645753/	Ohhhh boy is this a fun one. It's kind of like Mechcommander and XCOM having a baby together and at it's core the game is excellent. I have a few gripes, namely: this should've spent a bit more time in development to iron out some of the rough patches. I had a really shaky startup but I haven't experienced the crashing that some folks mention. I would also like to see some more variety in the animations used for certain weapons/actions, but overall things look good. 21:9 support would also be nice---not a huge deal for a majority of gamers, but it seems like every game that comes out these days has some level of support for ultra-wide. I know that you can do the hackey "disable enhanced menu (or something like that)" and get it to work if you can memorize the UI positioning, but is getting ultra-wide out of the box really all that much of an ask? Having a blast with this so far, and I look forward to additional patches and content down the road!
ControlVolume	Recommended	39.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/controlvolume/	Works fine on my budget computer with a normal 16:9 monitor. Reviews indicate it hates high-end computers but fortunately that'll never be me! Pace of action resolution is a little slower than XCOM EU but not significantly so, bulk of the time is still spent planning actions. Definitely turn off auto-unit centering since it's incredibly disorienting.
benayha	Recommended	67.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198018838466/	For me, this game is exactly, what it promised to be: a really, really good Battletech RTS Adaptation.I love it.Have played 18 hours already and I am just getting started.And by the way: so far I haven't encountered ANY game crashes / glitches / bugs whatsoever.Thank you Harebrained Schemes!
Kelly502Inf	Recommended	36.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198007645492/	This is it, the Battletech we've all been waiting for. I can't begin to tell you about it, or describe the awesomeness about it. It's an edge of the seat, all out wargame! I've been into Battletech since the beginning, the tabletop game, and everysingle PC game. This is it, they've done it!
Ana	Recommended	691.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197970872713/	I really like this game. I'm not a fanboy nor was I part of the kickstarter.  I'm just a very particular gamer that is very careful about the games I buy and I was hoping this game didn't suck. It doesnt. After 200 hours in, I still havent made it through the main storyline, I'm probably past the halfway mark and the game is just fun. So much fun...If you like futuristic mech or tank combat that's turn based and has a deep and thoughtful based tactics component built underneath it that's layered like an onion with tons of depth, you'll like this game. If you played Battletech tabletop, you'll probably love it. The game centers around managing your mercenary company and paying for all your expenses that enable you to take to the field of combat and have a ton of fun blasting other mechs, tanks, bases, etc., into pieces of debris. Along the way you'll come into possession of rare LosTech items that you'll have your chief mech tech install on your mech and lament with woe when that section of your mech gets blown off in combat and you lose said item. You'll rage when you probably shouldnt have done something foolish in battle and the mechwarrior you've groomed into the most feared and skilled killer the Inner Sphere has ever known dies horribly by your hand. And you'll howl with joy as you rain death upon your enemies and destroy all in your path.But not all comes easy. Besides the game's fun and engaging battles where sometimes you don't always win, there's another layer of fun to be had. Managing the expenses of your Mercenary unit. There's a time compression mechanic bearing down upon you that makes your every action a life or death decision. Your orbit to land Dropship, the Leopard which carries 4 mechs into combat much like a U.S. Military Blackhawk helicopter carries soldiers, carries your 4 mech Lance into harm's way, but you don't own the Leopard. The bank does. And if you don't pay your bills every month when your finaces are due, the bank will come looking for you, your Leopard and anything else they can recover their expenses with and you'll be out of job as a mecenary commander. So making sure you can pay that monthly bill may make you think twice before buying a new shiny piece you've been wanting to equip your mech with.Managing the expenses of your merc unit can be fun. If you do it right, you'll find yourself steadily gaining C-Bills and affording newer better components for your mechs. Do it wrong and you'll be riding scrapped shoddy mechs into battle that will fall apart. Each system you explore on the map via Jumpship, which carries your Dropship from system to system, costs money. Once there, checking for Merc contracts will offer you jobs to do. Negotiate your pay and salvage and undertake the missions you think you can pull off. The risks associated with undertaking an expected mission difficulty are in direct proportion to the condition of your lance and the size of your bank account. Will you risk your understrength Lance on a mission with a high payout when your monthly nest egg is so low you won't be able to afford replacement parts? Taking damage or losing mechs, personel and equipment will hurt your bottom line, so I'm always torn making decisions in the field of battle on whether or not to make precise shots to enable better salvaging of a mech so I can sell it and it's parts or more quickly destroying it outright to make sure I don't get my♥♥♥♥♥handed to me. Finding and visiting Systems with good trade hubs or black markets or former Star League bases usually finds me emptying my wallet on all sorts of good items, much to the detriment of my bottom line. These are some of the tougher decisions you'll make.There's also something to be said of the mission variety and the number of maps used which are many and seems sometimes to be procedurally generated, so while on occasion, I'll run into the same map I've seen before, the spawn points of things or the type of mission will be different. So there's the added value here of replayability when it comes to the visuals and the mission choices which offer a lot of variety. On top of that, the game looks pretty good. This is a highly polished game. The mechs kick up dust when they run, they leave footprints in the mud, lunar dust whips up around a mech when it falls, the sun shimmers with inferior reflection from the heat low on the horizon and you get the same refraction effect with the heat coming off your mechs. Lunar terrain at night is terrifyingly dark in the shadows and you can't see crap if not for your mech spotlights, and the water on tropical worlds with trees and lush vegetation is something to see. Contrastingly to that, you'll have vast oceans of desert and dust as far as the eye can see or canyons so high and narrow that your mechs walk through single file and you'll be wishing you'd had brought along a jump capable mech that can get to higher ground. Some missions dropped me off on the peaks of snowy covered mountaintops to raid a base at the foothills below and others had me racing to rescue a scientist while hurricane force winds blew the trees sideways and I wondered if my LRMs would shoot straight in the gale. Missions and visuals are a highlight of the game for me.There's just so much to praise to offer I could go on and on, as it is a highly polished game, that I'll leave you with some negatives to make this a balanced review. After a few games and a lot of saved files, the game play sometimes stutters and hiccups especially on cut scenes... All of which can be fixed by deleting old saves and reloading the game. They say they will fix this. There's a lot of variety of mechs, but a lot of mechs were left out. I find this very sad and hope one day a DLC will add them. Until then, there are fantastic mods available on Nexus, but they dont all play nice together and take two or three steps too long to install. There's some kind of optimization that needs to be made to speed the game play up in battle. For example, convoy missions are a test of patience. The convoy trucks each move one at a time and at a snails pace whenwhile, I'm checking my Instagram and Snapchat while I wait. Seriously, move them at the wsame time like I do with my mechs! The sequence of things that happen in battle can be overlapped to increase speed and immersion. Waiting for pauses in combat for a mech to get knocked down is something that should happen the second after I shoot it. But there are all these 1 or 2 second pauses that you wait for while things like text notifications and voice commentary plays. Why cant it all be done at the same time? It would be some much better of a flow if they all went together. We want two Lances not one. Yeah, you're limited to ONE Lance of 4 mechs. You should be able to field 2 Leopards, but the game design limits your fun. TL;DR, the gameplay is exciting, addictive and there's a collect em all mentality to things that makes hoarders like me want to find and gather all the best equipment and Lostech gear and everything I can get my hands on to make the biggest baddest mechs that ever existed and outclass everything on the field of battle. Getting there I'm forced to make tough choices and suffer setbacks from my avarice and foolsih desire to run Star League era looking mechs. No one in my crew enjoys my wild romps into deep space to find Black Market traders, Star League era gear shopping hubs and LosTech stores in some God-awful corner of the Galaxy that will cost my merc company dearly to find in travel expenses, but aside from this, blowing up mechs is what this game does best, and that, at least for me, is fun all day long. 
SeeFue	Recommended	144.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SeeFue/	I started playing it and am loving it so far.  Definitely suffering from the 'just one more mission' curse.  If you are familiare with the Battletech universe, it's a must buy.
Rivethead	Recommended	393.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197982685012/	It's been many years since I had such a love / hate relationship with a game; Battletech is one of them.Reading the BT forums there seems to be only two "camps"- either "LOL GET GUD" or " Hey...there's a problem here...."Well, there are some problems here...Pros- Feels like the TT version; fights are challenging;Cons- lets see...tutorial does zero to prepare a player for positioning in combat , which is critical; The "missions" and maps repeat way too often; The "RNG" is ALMOST as bad as when Darkest Dungeon 1st came out. Almost! Load time are a joke, and traveling across a vast space is tedious. Oh! and my favorite: the "skull" system of determining difficulty. Mission difficulty is rated 1-5 skulls. Seems simple enough. Problem starts when you do a 2.5 mission and get slaughtered. Opps! ya know the "difficulty" is just a GUESS!!!!Really.So- IF YOU ARE planning to buy Battletech I strongly advise you too watch some tips videos on YouTube!Rivscore 79 / 100 
crowe1714	Recommended	33.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198024332031/	Been playing Battletech as long as there has been Battletech and i've got to say if you love the table top version you will love this one. As much as I like the Mechwarrior games and ive played them all, this blows them all away. Up until now ive only Megamek for real battletech on my computer but now ive got this too! I recommend this with out reservations!
hahacharade	Recommended	112.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198029645753/	Ohhhh boy is this a fun one. It's kind of like Mechcommander and XCOM having a baby together and at it's core the game is excellent. I have a few gripes, namely: this should've spent a bit more time in development to iron out some of the rough patches. I had a really shaky startup but I haven't experienced the crashing that some folks mention. I would also like to see some more variety in the animations used for certain weapons/actions, but overall things look good. 21:9 support would also be nice---not a huge deal for a majority of gamers, but it seems like every game that comes out these days has some level of support for ultra-wide. I know that you can do the hackey "disable enhanced menu (or something like that)" and get it to work if you can memorize the UI positioning, but is getting ultra-wide out of the box really all that much of an ask? Having a blast with this so far, and I look forward to additional patches and content down the road!
ControlVolume	Recommended	39.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/controlvolume/	Works fine on my budget computer with a normal 16:9 monitor. Reviews indicate it hates high-end computers but fortunately that'll never be me! Pace of action resolution is a little slower than XCOM EU but not significantly so, bulk of the time is still spent planning actions. Definitely turn off auto-unit centering since it's incredibly disorienting.
benayha	Recommended	67.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198018838466/	For me, this game is exactly, what it promised to be: a really, really good Battletech RTS Adaptation.I love it.Have played 18 hours already and I am just getting started.And by the way: so far I haven't encountered ANY game crashes / glitches / bugs whatsoever.Thank you Harebrained Schemes!
Kelly502Inf	Recommended	36.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198007645492/	This is it, the Battletech we've all been waiting for. I can't begin to tell you about it, or describe the awesomeness about it. It's an edge of the seat, all out wargame! I've been into Battletech since the beginning, the tabletop game, and everysingle PC game. This is it, they've done it!
jaxtherat	Recommended	142.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197982413675/	Holy crap this game is fun. And (to my pleasant surprise) doesn't hold your hand and retains a lot of freedom so you have room to fail. And excellent (albeit slightly buggy) game.
zer0imh	Recommended	136.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/zer0imh/	A must buy if you are a fan of the franchise or if you like turn-based strategy games like xcom.
Ben!to	Recommended	32.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197963315984/	It´s pretty rough on the edges, e.g. financial Balance, i was in the Situation that it took too long to Refit/repair my Mechs, and i was forced to go into a Mission with just two Mechs, this way it can happen fast that you are forced to  do ever harder Mission with degrading Mechs, and no time to actually Refit and enjoy your new Mechs.  It would be Nice if the Game would allow you to do easy Mission, with difficulty I even when you far progressed in the Story, so once you ♥♥♥♥ up you still can get Money. At more then One point i hat the choice of 3 Missions with difficulty 2.5, but i hat only 2 Operational Mechs, and Money was low.I got the feeling the Financial Aspects is pretty strickt, you can get broke without ever loosing a Mission.Graphics are fitting, Sound are okay aswell, sometime Mech Movement is clunky whil they turn Around, but its minor things.Overall  8/10
Chirox	Recommended	47.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198042518029/	This game has some wonkiness with menus and a bit of a learning curve, but if you are a fan of X-com style unit customization and tactical map battles, this game has a load of value for $40. Some people won't be willing to put up with the quirks and annoyances you run into from time to time, but this game was made with a lot of heart. You can tell that this is someone's passion project.Not perfect, but it sucked me in for ages.
Disney Passholder	Recommended	192.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198026450599/	I love this game. It's everything the board game aspired to be.(Speaking towards the Campaign and general play)Instead of Pros and Cons I'll write this like a QA report mixed with a Guide.Game needs optimization, it has a memory leak, and it bogs down for a lot of people. I don't have that issue as much as others.The turns are insanely slow. We need to be able to have a button, like a Space Bar to press to skip all of the movement of units we can't see off screen or speed up that entire process. I can read a book in the time the AI takes to move across the map.We REALLY need and want a Free Cam, so the camera doesn't lock on enemies the whole time it's their turn. Players should be able to click on the enemy mechs during their turns to watch them fire, or se the mech's stats. (we can only see the enemy mech stats when it's our turn to Fire weapons.) The game takes a long time to move the camera around and lock it on what ever unit is doing a move/fire. If they removed that, the turns would go more quickly. Also, There's a few seconds per unit, per round, where once you've taken your turn, like fired at a unit, the game pauses for a few seconds, then acts like it suddenly remembers who's turn it was next, and then moves the camera to the next unit. Because of thses things, missions take an hour, sometimes more.DON'T FAIL A MISSION! - If you fail a mission and you've taken damage to your mechs, not only are you not getting paid, but then you have to pay for repairs too. You'l go broke failing missions, and you won't learn anything. Money is very tight early game.  Do are kind of forced to do Side Missions to make money, do 3-4 sides before you continue on the main story line.  You'll thank me later. The AI seems to pick on the Girls. (Female Pilots), and also seems to pick on your Shadow Hawk A LOT. Doesn't matter who's in it. Melee is vastly important and strong. Don't wait until you lose an arm to go in for a Melee attack. Set it up early and get in there and kick the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of'em!Too Many Headshots!! - This last mission I did there were 3 Headshots on ONE of my Mechs, just that same mech, 3 times in the head. Pilot dead, of course. I also had a headshot on the AI mech, and killed it.  I've seen/had other head shots in the game, however they seem to come hard and heavy at the worst possible time.They are very rare, you might see one headshot on a mech in 4-5 missions, but to have 4 in one mission is just insane. I nearly restarted that mission because I knew exactly what was going to happen from previous experience.  Sadly, the pilot received another head shot "Head Hit".  This wasn't the first time there as more than one, or even two Head Hits in the time I've been playing. I don't mind the rarity of Head Hits, but 4 in one mission is entirely excessive.If it happens to you, just restart the mission from the Save before the mission.Shooting through buildings and terrain. This is getting really annoying.  You have sight, or Line of Sight on a target, you, as well as the AI mechs and vehicles, can shoot through the ground in most cases.  In fact, it's so easy to do I don't know how we can't NOT shoot through the ground all of the time.  It's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, and it needs to be fixed. Lasers and AC rounds do not pass through the ground. Missiles don't count in this unless they are passing through solid objects to get to your mech.Your mechs in the way of a shot aren't actually blocking your shot. I've shot through arms and torsos of my own mechs many times to hit the enemy. But, you can't shoot through theirs to hit an a mech behind an enemy. The UI could be a bit simpler, but it works fine. Removing or changing the process to work on, store, and design your own mechs requires more clicks than it needs to, and takes a bit of figuring out why it works that way. It's not intuitive at all when you first start the game, and it just becomes something you put up with, in time..I can't wait for Modders to mod the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of the Mechs and their slots. The slots are vey restrictive and don't feel like it's the year 3,000+ where you'd think they would have figured out how to do that by then. I get it, it works this way for Game Balance, but even then, it just feels too restrictive. I know other people will disagree and I totally get their argument.Names of systems and Travel Hubs on the map are not labeled.There's no VO for the people you deal with or talk to 90% of the time. You have to read everything, which is OK, because then you get to make decisions out of a Multiple Choice List of responses. Even then, more than half the time it doesn't matter what you pick (Unless it's your Origin or Story related or pertains directly to YOUR character.), you just end up going to the Bottom response on the list. It takes a long time to make money, so get good. Now, that's a lot of negativity, I know... I believe in this developer, and I think they will definitely "fix" the issues stated above and other issues that people are experiencing.  I personally have had ZERO crashes. The game has always started for me. So, positively speaking, if you don't like that the game progresses slowly, then this is rich and fulfilling. The Story line is deep and colorful.  I'm not usually a Sotry Line person, I'm more of a jump right in and shoot the♥♥♥♥♥♥out'a stuff guy. However, this story has much bought in. I'm about it. The graphics are the key thing here, so if you see people ♥♥♥♥♥ing about it, they're simply wrong.  Graphics are fine. This game is all about strategy and terrain and it goes way deeper than just land on a planet and blow stuff up. If you don't play smartly, you're going to get your♥♥♥♥♥♥pushed in. The mission types don't yet seem repetitive, however, I've learned some side missions have a "type", where it's obviously a Seek & Destroy mission, others you have objectives and goals. With these types of missions you can use them to make money, or get parts and new weapons & ammo for the Mechs you already have, or will have. You can even get new Mechs. When you destroy mechs on the battlefield, you basically scavenge the hulks of them. It takes 3 piece to assemble 1 Mech to be able to use it. Once you get to the next Tier Ship above the Leopard, you'll be happy as a pig in slop. Because that's when you start to feel like you're getting somewhere. Your repair times will go down, your "Out of Comission" time for Pilots goes down, and you'll start to make a lot more money. Don't forget to save the game before big missions. In the beginning do it often. You'll be happy you did the first time you go get rekt. In every game with an RNG for shots and hits there's a margin of Buuuuulllllshit that happens and one of your Fave mech pilots dies. Glitch has the best VO ever. DO NOT LET HER DIE!I very much enjoy the way the Mech Warriors (Pilot) proggress with points in skills. Very cool and I had not considered that it would work as easily as it does. Gunnery and Tactics and Guts are your 3 main go-tos for leveling up a Mechwarrior.  You will learn quickly that different MWs want (as in it's a really good idea to build on what they have.) specific skills increased sooner than others. The game is really fun, and I've been trying to find more time in the day to play it. Some things take a while and can not be hurried. Other than the speed of the game not being able to be increased like other Paradox games (EU4, Stellaris, etc.) This is more like a game of Chess than Checkers. Take your time.If you don't like what you've read so far, wait a while until the game is updated/patched.  There are some things I haven't touched on that others have. So compare notes and reviews. If you don't mind the issues that I have stated, and you like depth and Strategy and Whoop Azz in your games, then this is for you. Remember it's Turn Based. Sh!t Happens.    You can't take the Sky from me!---#ripglitch  #ripgumdrop You will be missed.
face_hits_ground	Recommended	210.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198160555378/	Fantastic. Worth every penny and then some. I can't wait to see where they take this next.
finalist	Recommended	99.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/gimomo/	https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nafii87gdzs 
daCooksta	Recommended	70.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/dacooksta/	I'm only 6 or so missions in, but I've loved every minute of it.  I grew up playing Mechwarrior and am a huge fan of TBS, so this game was right up my alley.
darkrinn	Recommended	975.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/darkrin/	I am a Battletech fan and have been since the late 80's I backed the kickstarter soon as it was posted.  I had high hopes for this game while it didnt let me down I do think it could have been better with more time.  Though people were already calling it vaporware by the time it got to the market because people dont understand the time it takes to make a game.I like they tried to fairly closely emulate the original game.  They managed to monderize it and make it interesting.  It didnt come without bugs but the first patch came along within a month that fixed most of those bugs and brought us new features on top of that.  The Story line while I have not finished it so far is great.  from what I hear I have come close to finishing it a time or two only to get stuck(not the game fault my own) and start over.  The mechs available for play are definitely a variety of all things from the table top game and work well once you understand the roles that each have and how to use them. The character progression is far beyond what was in the original battletch.  it may be akin to mechwarrior but I have been out of that game for so long I dont remember how theres worked. The upgrading of the ship is good and helps you along with what you might need to get in and fix your people/mechs quickly and helps you have different monthly spawns of actvitiesOn the could be improved side.  A drop weight limit has been suggested by some and could possibly help.  I think what would help the most is being able to take more than 4 mech on the field at a time. If not call for reinforcements when one or more goes down in the fight.  As it is I dont upgrade to have more than the 6 starting mechs and 5 maybe 6 piolts at a time.  would be nice to have a reason to have more. The Argo upgrading feels like a huge money sink with some value for what you get but I dont feel its enough.  I think its just there to make your balance stay lower.  Once you got all the upgrades you really dont have a lot to spend money on other than repairs and usually by that time you arent getting many things that need repairing.  Vehicles would be nice addition esp for some missions.Mods I have not tried any mods yet because I want to beat the game first before I add stuff to it. Though I have a feeling Rogue Tech will be one of the first mods I add.The overall quality of game for the price I feel is perfect its not an over priced 60$ game its a reasonable 40$ for what you get.  I am ready for DLC and look forward to what Hairbrained Schemes will add. I just hope its as reasonable as the price of the original game and they dont nickle and dime us for skins etc.I will say if you are on the fence and liked Turn-based strategy games like Xcom and Shadowrun you will probably like this and I suggest you get it.Congrats Harebrained Schemes on the great game you managed to put together.
Graggle Fraggle	Recommended	141.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198009474246/	It's no MechCommander 2 but.... I feel like if they do some DLC or an expansion or sequel with more content it will be amazing, the main issue I have with the current game is that there just isn't enough equipment variety.When I  saw there are more Battlemech mods than there are types of weaponry to install tht miht sound really exciting, but what I mean is that there aren't any of the more exotic weapons in the game, you get ONE guass rifle in the campaign and that's that, just the one, if it gets destroyed you're boned.    There wasn't much to it once I finally had some assaults and had realized how little actual weapon variety there is.  Over all I'd say give it a go, it's VERY VERY similar to the new X-COM games, all the same downsides and positives.
kenroberts83	Recommended	51.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198400453111/	Love this game! It's a tactical strategy game similar to XCOM. Some users complain about the length of the battles, but there is a setting to speed up battles, which I've used and like. I really enjoy this game, and have about 25 hrs in so far. I expect the total game to last around 35-40 hrs with some side missions included. This is a great game for the semi-casual gamer that doesn't want to be tempted to drop 200 hrs into a game, but still wants to have a little fun in a strategy / tactical setting.
Skitto493	Recommended	70.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198117403105/	The game is a slow-paced, but that's what should be expected from a tactical turn-based strategy game.The depth of the game outside of the actual gameplay is a huge positive on my side. Variations in weapons and equipment, choosing salvage or higher pay, small events amongst the crew during travel, and expansive upgrading of characters, mechs and the ship all makes the game feel immersive. Running the mercenary company's funds actually felt important, as I often was close to the breaking point financially. Some missions were incredibly intense, with my mechs at the brink of being destroyed and unexpected reinforcements showing up. Other times I felt incredibly satisfiedm, like when a stray ballistic shot managed to blow an enemy mech's head off, or when a favorite mech appears, and you're able to salvage it by causing minimal damage ot it.At the beginning, RNG was a bit frustrating to me. Even light mechs could take full rounds of nonstop barrages if your shots spread out on their armor. However, later in the game, RNG becomes less prevalent as your mechwarriors become more skilled and are able to use called shot almost every round for above 80% hit chances on a specific part.My only true gripe is that the game lags quite a bit, even when going through menus such as the mech bay.
boberro	Recommended	59.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/demicanadian/	Had technical issues, slow load times, has beutiful but uselessly slow UI, and is still one of the best turn-based strategies of this decade.Basically everything (mech related) from original Battletech is in this video game.
bearsathome	Recommended	244.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198008154228/	Great game to bring back the old mech commander style of play. Bring on the clan wars in a expansion pack and more mission please :)
Blackthorn	Recommended	116.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197995389478/	A great battletech merc sim/turn based RTS.  If you are a fan of battletech you have to get it.
BaconHer0	Recommended	107.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198009399102/	It's a pretty good game. Pretty, pretty, pretty, pretty good
Cerlin	Recommended	11.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Cerlintheburn/	The Banner Saga with mechs.It has great back story and is like an RPG in the Battletech Universe. I am happy. Worth all the clunky times. All I need is to roll dice to feel at home.
vyrago	Recommended	20.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198005379567/	If you're a Battletech/Mechwarrior fan you will enjoy this game.  It combines elements of XCOM, MechCommander, Mechwarrior Online and Classic Battletech.  Looking forward to future patches and content.
Spooky Scary Dracula	Recommended	14.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/countdracula94/	Fantastic game for anyone who likes turn based shooters and stompy robots. The one major downside is that if you are bad at the game or just have plain bad luck in the early going of the campaign, you more or less have to load a previous save right away.
corax	Recommended	131.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Corax13/	It may not be everyone's cup of tea, but an inordinate amount of the complaints seem to be about the speed of the game, which is fixable by disabling the cutscenes, and about aspects of the game that hail from tabletop. So, essentially, if you're a a fan of tabletop BattleTech, or of XCOM, or turn-based tabletop games in general, you'll probably enjoy it. And if you don't like turn-based games and need a faster-paced game to stay interested, it might not be.
Shadowwolf	Recommended	169.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197992798144/	Great graphics, even greater music and a very deep tactics game. You really have to think about positioning, attack angle, rangebands... etc. . Take your time to make your move, this is definitely no "rightclick and win in an instand" game. You have to earn it. For total beginners in the Battletechuniverse, I would suggest to do the first tutorialmission of the campaign and then do one or two skirmish matches to get the hang of it before playing the campaign further..  Runs smooth on all settings max@1920x1080 on an 1240v2 Xeon, 380x and 16gb-Ram.
AsianMonkeyBoi	Recommended	48.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198029988723/	My senior project final report is due in 8 hours and I haven't started yet because I've just been playing this game. If this game is the reason I don't graduate college this semester, I wouldn't care cause this game was totally worth the time so far.
potvin7883	Recommended	63.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198007068466/	Bought this on release, I like it so far. Reminds me of playing Front Mission 4 from days gone by. The graphics are okay, but nothing to scream about, my GTX970 can easily handle the work , even on high. Tutorials are helpful , they answered all I needed to know, and the highlighted words or names help fill in the gaps of lore and story points. I would like to see more in the customization of the character avatar though, the backstory options are amazing . It fits nicely into making you really think about how to mold your character and the benefits in the story arch are also a nice touch. I look forward to further playing this product, just before posting this review, I was defeated by "Lady Death" trying to salvage a 200 year old derelect. I hope the creators have more instore !
Perfidious Pete	Recommended	43.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/PerfidiousPete/	I heartily endorse this event or product!
Heretic Saint	Recommended	157.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/sinvey/	Battletech represents the newest crowdfunded project by indie developer Harebrained Schemes, who have this time partnered with Paradox for publishing and promotion purposes. Like the studio's Shadowrun games, development was co-headed by Jordan Weisman, the original creator of the now more than thirty years old franchise, and the result shows the team's passion that went into creating this little gem of the turn-based strategy genre.That said, Battletech is not without "wrinkles". Most prominent are severe loading times and delays when switching between certain menus, and which (sometimes) even lead to a degree of stutter during movement animations in combat. Recent patches have done much to improve overall performance, but did not manage to eliminate these problems entirely.Another, more campaign-related issue is a slightly flawed economic balancing that leads to players quickly amassing vast fortunes, quickly and permanently moving the player away from the exciting premise of managing a mercenary company constantly teetering on the brink of bankruptcy.Finally, the game's tutorial only covers the barest essentials of unit movement and attacking, leaving the player to discover a lot of the finer elements of tactical gameplay by themselves. Fortunately, the UI is chock-full of mouseover-tooltips, but it is still recommended to read one of the many helpful guides such as this one:https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1374064310All these flaws, however, did not prevent me from enjoying the game quite a bit. Borrowing the cool-looking "modernized" 'mechs from PGI's MechWarrior Online, the game does an excellent job of merging an accessible version of the tabletop's intricacies with a compelling aesthetic hovering somewhere between wild west in space and gritty/utilitarian "Alien" sci-fi, with the feudal background of the primary campaign and the setting in general inviting comparisons to Dune or Game of Thrones. Every pilot you can hire has quirks and voicelines, making them feel more like a person, especially if they get involved in a travel event. The BattleMechs themselves move in a "weighty" manner, stomping across the battlegrounds to unleash devastating volleys of shells and laserbeams to cripple their opposition section by section. New (and very satisfying to watch) for a video game in this franchise is the ability to just walk up and punch another 'mech, often ripping off a limb in the process: https://i.imgur.com/J2QBOf0.jpgAfter completing the story campaign, which features a diverse and well-voiced cast of characters perfectly representing the hodgepodge nature of culture and ethnicity in the Battletech universe, the player is free to continue their playthrough in a sandbox mercenary simulation that opens up the rest of the map, feeding an endless stream of procedurally generated missions. These missions tap a limited number of maps, but clever use of different spawns, angles and weather conditions manages to reduce the feeling of repetition quite a bit. A special shout-out also goes to Jon Everist for creating the amazing soundtrack for this game, perfectly capturing the mood of the setting and the narrative:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_yloBqsZonEIn final judgement, the game is probably a must-have for any existing Battletech fan, and anyone who likes turn-based strategy should at least consider the purchase -- ideally after watching one or two LetsPlays on YouTube to get a better idea of the gameplay; we all know one should not trust Steam reviews alone. :POf note, the game's portrayal of the setting also seems to be a nice "gateway drug", getting more people interested in the overall franchise. Curious players may want to take a stroll to the wiki on http://www.sarna.net/ or visit the subreddits /r/battletechgame (for this videogame) and /r/battletech (for the tabletop). Lastly, if you are looking for a good primer on the background, there's this free PDF from the official Battletech website: http://www.battletech.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/10/BattleTechUniverseGuide-1.pdf 
[£Ã] Bad Wolf	Recommended	91.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/BadW0lf425/	I am finding this game to be a good game. Pros: Managing your mercenary group is fun.Great ability to customize mechs.Game play rewards good strategy. Cons: More missions that need more variety of lance composition.Some people find the game slow paced but I enjoy it myself but this is a warning to people who hate slow games. Over all I am looking forward to expansions for this title.
Kittenbait	Recommended	119.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197970434679/	On the bright side, this is a fairly good small squad strategy game. There are plenty of tactics to get your teeth into; trying different builds and different approaches to Mech design and ways to tackle mission is pretty good. Balancing armour, weaponry, short/long range, and heat (especially with different biomes) makes for an interesting task. What's nice is that there genuinely are multiple options for how you want to tackle the enemy which can be workable. The AI is nothing special, but smart enough to retreat, flank, etc. in a sensible way. The strategic company management is mostly well done, developing your mercenary outfit and keeping them paid. And who doesn't love huge machines smashing each other to pieces?On the whole, this makes it enjoyale and I'd happily recommend it.BUT...The game is poorly optimised. I know I'm running it on a mid-range computer, but it's much slower than I would expect, even with graphics turned down. The mediocre camera handling, particularly when combined with low graphics speed, is annoying. The central plot is all very ordinary.Mostly, it is the 4 mechs limit in a battle. There is no point in a potential 18 mech "stable" when you just won't use most: 12 available to choose from should give you enough versatility even with some in repair. It makes lighter mechs a waste of space - you can't afford to waste the damage-soaking and damage potential as difficulty ramps up. It would be better as 8 (maybe even 12), although I suspect the game engine might not be able to cope, struggling as it already is.
Mike	Recommended	5.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197984586396/	I am really ejoying this game. I personally enjoy turn based games and this one has alot of depth. I also wanted to play the tabletop game so this seems the next best thing. Hope this game continues to grow.
Islander	Recommended	145.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197993756380/	Definitely liking this game. The reviews I have seen have criticised the camera system a bit and I agree with some of that, but the gameplay I enjoy, the cutscenes are amazing artwork. To borrow a phrase I heard, it's like concept art brought to life. The story is great so far. Very recommended.
deusorum100	Recommended	86.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198048140723/	As a Battletech fan, I was very excited for this game, and doubly excited to see how well it delivered. Many of my friends and I have all been saying the same things about it: how great it is, and how much we wish it had been around a couple decades ago when we started playing Battletech, and how we can't wait to see where it goes next.If you like tense tactical mech combat, this game is worth it. If you like turn-based games that make you think, force you to make hard choices, and keep you sweating despite the slow pace of turns, this game is for you. If you want something faster, more action-packed with thrills every second, check out something else (Mechwarrior Online, for example, or the upcoming Mechwarrior 5).There are a few bugs and glitches, sure, but nothing that made the game unplayable. The storyline, the mechanics, the graphics, the music, and the fidelity to the Battletech universe made it easy for me to overlook the occasional buggy camera or the occasional slowdown. Overall, I'm very satisfied with my purchase, and I can't wait to see what comes next!
OnimaruPrime	Recommended	110.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198034832021/	I've been waiting for a long time. Missed the Kickstarter...pity.Anyway, great game! Thanks!!
Bulldog5769	Recommended	54.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Bulldog5769/	Took about 12 days but finally beat the game and I must say the HBS did an outstanding job bringing the tabletop to PC.I was not expecting much in the way of a story line but was surprised by the story they crafted and how it flowed together without having to push the "I believe" button common to some triple A titles that have come out recently. I look forward to see what the expansions. if any, bring and follow up Battletech games brings.Pros:Good Story lineFun gameplayChallengingCons:Slow pacingStill have a few bugs to work out.
Myrrdoch	Recommended	433.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198006581490/	All in all, a great turn-based strategy game. There are definitely issues with it, but the overall experience is generally quite enjoyable. I think a pro/con list is kind of boring, so I'm just going to ramble if you want to stick along for the ride. Otherwise, just take the thumbs up for what it is.So. BATTLETECH. A solid game marred by a few questionable design choices. A great game, just shy of excellent. The pilot AI, despite some complaints, is fantastic. Enemies run the gamut from being excellent pilots that are expert tacticians, all but ignoring extraneous enemies as they charge towards their objectives, to  novice pilots that panic under any weight of fire and turn to flee. I have to admit, there is something that stirs deep in my soul when I see a virtual enemy turn and run.The other type of pilot? Those guys stomp you when you are defending a position.Character creation is fun. The game's dialogue tends to the Fallout 4 school of "friendly good guy, snarky good guy, soulless mercenary out for cash but still a good guy," but given that the point of the game isn't the campaign, that is forgivable.  Besides, if you want to be evil, just ignore the story and start doing contracts.The sound is... nice. There are currently (I guess 1.0.1?) still some hitches in the audio at times. Nothing game-breaking. Also, one of the pilot voices makes me want to punch that voice in the face. Oh, the voice acting is solid throughout, with some big name talent lending their voices to the project. But there is a male Boston/New York voice that just kills me.Graphics are passable to good. Good particle effects, but the models are fairly bland. I would have liked to have a little bit more destructability in the models, something other than the arms coming off, but again this is a minor quibble. Can't say it is a huge deal in an overhead strategy game.The strategy layer is quite fun. While the game DOES need some money sinks, in my opinion (and I coded some in, yes I did!) it captures the feeling of trying to run a company on a shoestring budget really effectively in the early game. The permadeath of pilots is a cool, if painful at times, feature. I think the game may have benefitted from having mech loss as well, but you can still rack up some hefty repair bills with a "mission kill."The tactical gameplay is fun as well. You can use terrain, LOS, and sensors to your advantage, and the enemy will try to do the same (although this is dependent on pilot skill, with novice pilots sort of just running at you to get smashed). One of my few full-out complaints is that the battles do not always populate every enemy at the start of a mission, and I have had a couple of instances where an enemy mech has appeared out of thin air literally right next to one of my Highlanders. So that was pretty irritating.What else... I like the reputation system, but there needs to be bigger swings in rep. And there ought to be real tangible advantages/disadvantages to the reputations with the various factions. Maybe some gear that you can only get from factions once you reach a certain reputation level, and assassins coming after you if you get too low. That could be an interesting add to a mission. But now I am REALLY rambling, because none of that is in the game.So I'll call it here. A great game, well worth the purchase for anyone that is a fan of a tactical wargame with a solid strategy layer.
MonkeyKing	Recommended	169.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/DontTourchMe/	Overall, this is an awesome game that really captures the essence of Battletech. The missions, the back story, the lore, the mechs, all remind me of my favorite Mechwarrior games from the 90's - Mechwarrior 2, Mercenaries, and expansions. There's an incredible attention to detail in this game, and the love for the IP by the creators, shines through. Stability is good - I have 30+ hours in and have yet to face a bug, and only 1 crash. As with anything, it is not without it's faults. - Enemy mechs firing line-of-sight through terrain/objects gets very annoying when you are sure you are hidden.50+ hours in update: This is just a great game. It is entertaining, and the reward system is healthy. At first I had some trouble with a story mission at Smithson and thought the game was out of balance. In reality, there are some brutal fights in this game, and you rarely get out of a conflict unscathed. Rather than nerfing the game, I like this approach for 2 reasons. It forces us to be better at how we go about things. I thought I had a good plan, turns out there was a better way. It forced me to find it after the 10 previous attempts failed. The second reason I enjoy this is, you REALLY feel like you earned your salt when you finally get to acquire bigger mechs. Going from Light to Medium is rewarding, and getting to your first Heavy mech...is downright euphoric. Nothing is handed out for free in Battletech, and I think this is a great feature, and true to form. You really feel like you are a Merc fighting for scraps at times. Well done! VERY, well done!
Mistrbluesky	Recommended	11.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mistrbluesky/	is good
404PlayerNotFound	Recommended	139.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198019285705/	Stays very true to its tabletop roots - a number of addons are available to increase difficulty and rareness if you want the truly desperate feeling of bad dice rolls in your local stores back room.  Storyline progress goes well, and exploration can be interesting.  Replay value on the storyline isn't there, and difficulty after 4.5 missions goes through the roof which a much higher incident of headshots but this is a great addition to the Mech family of games and fills a much needed role long since vacated by Mech Commander back in the 1990s - here is to hoping for an expansion!
Inviticus	Recommended	32.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198006542184/	Great game! Plays smooth, nice graphics, great Battletech strategic gameplay like we expected! If you like Battletech then get the game.
theOctagon	Recommended	93.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jschuldt/	Great mix of XCom and battletech.  Difficult, but I am enjoying it.
cboston86	Recommended	270.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198364665064/	Great game love play style and how it makes you think clocked up some serious hours already. However i do not like the load times when playjng for an extended period of time. My computer is basically brand new with a highish end graphics card and it seems the longer you play the slower the game gets.
deadsunwheel	Recommended	72.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198084173593/	A great turn based tactical game featuring giant mechs. The graphics are nice enough but the play is the thing with this one. It gives me a similar overall feel to X-Com with individual units manouvering around a map trying to get the best possible shot on each other. Where they differ though is that if X-Com was a sport Battletech feels like the heavy weight division. Everything feels tougher. Kill takes more work and vehicles mount heavy weapons that can wreck your opponent's day when they connect.Lots of fun.
keyvin	Recommended	8.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/bradpacket/	Beautiful turn based strategy game with management sim elements. Hair Brained Schemes delivered another winner, though this time deeper that the shadowrun returns trilogy. Command a lance of four mechs and manage a mercenary company.If you're looking for fast paced giant robot destruction check out Mech Commander or Mechwarrior 4 (free). If you want a slower, more thoughtful experience with modern UI and graphics give this a go. It is very much turn based where you are expected to put a lot of thought into your moves. My only gripe is that it could use a few more tutorial missions. There are a lot of mechanics that are poorly explained, and you are supposed to be a well trained mech warrior. Overall I recommend.
[RF]Nordace	Recommended	85.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197984018275/	The game is solid entertainment. Okay story, if a little tropey. I do like the turn-based combat and the mechanics surrounding it (not -quite as much the XCOM style of hit probability. 95% hit chance means a surprising amount of misses, even when not considering evasion, almost like it just shows you the base hit with all -your own- bonuses, and not calculating in enemy bonuses into the number, again, see 95% hit chance).My biggest issue is the streamlining. Now, it has gotten -better- but still has a ways to go. Travelling between planets was novel the first five-six times I did it. I admired the ship, got to fix some scheduling I had forgotten... After that. Travelling between planets became laborious. The same, largely unskippable transition sequences... It is okay to offer an option to skip the travel sequence entirely. Sure, if you mess up a scheduling or forget to repair a mech, well that's the player's fault, and thus should be their choice to safeguard with standard pacing, or skip ahead, consequences be damned. Travelling to find work contracts Or fulfilling them soon stack up the travel time. If you say, do travel a hundred times, and in current state, each travel takes between one and two minutes on average... Yeah... It's not as bad as Mass Effect Andromeda in-system transition sequences, but it sure feels close. (And it's a -waste- of player's time). Yes there are occasional messages that give you choices, but not enough to justify forcing the player to watch the entire journey over, and over, and over again. (Time skip could just stop to allow you to answer its question, and them resume once answer was given).Before jumping, there are a few things that might need to be done, namely:-Schedule mech repairs-Schedule mech refits-schedule buildable upgrades-schedule mech reactivation (takes three days)-(mech warrior health recovery (automatic))All of these fulfill themselves... As such, there is -no- reason skipping the 1-2 minute travel sequences should be impossible. (it could even stop if there's a random event to deal with).-But- is it a problem? I mean it's just one minute right? stop whining... Well... Those idle minutes start stacking up surprisingly fast, and that is not okay.As I started the review with, the game is really solid, sure it could always have -more-, but what it has now is fine. It just needs to be streamlined. The 1.1 patch did wonders to speed things up in combat, and I wish this will be done for the management side of the game as well.
Case	Recommended	20.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197981054668/	This simply is the best game I've played at least in the last year.  Great from the opening cinematics through the single-player game.  What a great game, and the functional equivalent of "The Crescent Hawk's Revenge," which is to say, a classic for it's time.Worth every penny, in fact I may see if I can upgrade my kickstarter with them and become a retroactive gold founder."Shut up and take my money!"All they need to do is a second kickstarter for an open world/galaxy MMO for inner sphere mercenaries like the old web-based MEK-TEK and they can have a follow on title.Love running my own Company and trying to stay afloat.
78Pants	Recommended	49.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Pants/	Initially a bit concerned with the slow paced combat but the more I play it the more sense it makes and enjoyable it gets. Its definitely about taking your time and making the right moves, i've just become too used to modern games stupidly fast pacing. This game gives you time to think and consider your actions and its a refreshing change (both in combat and with mech customisation, mission picking, crew decisions etc). Thouroughly enjoying it and its a wonderful step back to childhood tabletop gaming sessions.
Sarrowgrave	Recommended	68.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198044226670/	Battletech what can I say........we met back in 1994 I was a young teen and the pen and paper world you opened for me drew me in like moth to flame. Now here it is 2018 and I do not have to loose that same feeling. Metal war machines stomping around multiterriane worlds on a varity of missions with only RNG to guide your shots. It is as exciting as a turn based Battletech game can get with that same gut knotting tension when enemy reinforcements arrive and your lance is battered and beaten. The story compelling and the art style captures the grit and struggle of the source material. Overall it is a fantastic game that any mechhead can enjoy.
Moonfear	Recommended	146.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197999721967/	I can count games that I have finished from my library propably on one hand.... I have finished this game :)From times of darkness and mechcommander/mechwarrior 3, there was nothing but some shady online bull-censored-, now is time to start your fusion engines, hook up your DNI and kill all those oposing your trusty BJ-1. Even with my shor attentionspan, there is sooo many hours clocked in this game. Yes, there are bugs, major one is engine itself (unity), but if you can survive it, you have gem in your hands. Also try roguetech mod.
Spacejunkie	Not Recommended	3.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/spacejunkie/	This is a sketch of a good game, but as it is it does not tick many boxes. Seems half finished, like the graphics, engine and story is placeholders for something better to replace it. If this was an early access I might be convinced, but as it is now it's not worth the money.
Belenian	Not Recommended	53.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197971132549/	The game is alright for a Mechwarrior Tactical game. However, like others have pointed out, it is badly optimized, it has memory leak issues and your actions just take too long to be executed. Wait for patches - let's hope they come soon. :(
[⛏] ElvisArcher	Not Recommended	3.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ElvisArcher/	So far I've played the introductory scenario 3 times ... each time it crashed in a different spectacular way.  The 3rd time I made it all the way thru the scenario and was clicking thru the storyline text leading up to the actual meat of the campaign when it crashed ... reloaded, chose to continue campaign ... and was back at the BEGINNING of the training scenario ready to play it for the 4th time!  It.  Had.  Not.  Saved.I can't.  I just can't click thru that training again ... maybe in 6 months they will have it stable enough to attempt again.Oh, and did I mention that my ultra-wide monitor resolution isn't "officially" supported?  Sure, the resolution is available in the video settings, but there are UI elements partially or fully "off-screen" all over the place.  Niiiiiiice.
Zombie Ninja	Recommended	71.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198051364009/	The mech game I always wanted, but never had before. Thank you, HBS.Solo play is excellent. Graphics are good for this style of game. Excellent map design. Difficulty seems all over the place, so be prepared and plan carefully like each drop could be your last. I absolutely love the soundtrack to this game.My only nag is the RNG seems weighted. I lost count of how many times I alpha'd with several weapons at an 80%+ hit chance, then each one misses. But... I don't let this discrourage me. It's war, and war isn't fair. If this was a skirmish against a friend, I'm sure we would both laugh about it.As one of my go to games during the weekend, it would be great if this continues as an expansion or a series.Thanks, again :)
flyingamortgage	Recommended	177.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198066380967/	tldr; Much fun. So replay.Is it perfect? Of course not. After the first few hours of enjoying the cinematic camera stuff and the zooms, I turned down the chances for that in the game settings. I've run across 2 bugs that nearly had me reload a save: once I ejected a pilot and the game stayed stuck on his turn so the only thing I could do was withdraw and once I got stuck in some weird graphical glitch where the screen was all orange/rust triangles no matter where I flew the camera with a few minor exceptions that I couldn't stay in. I was actually able to finish that mission in spite of that one graphical bug since the outlines still showed general positioning, I just couldn't see the actual terrain. 2 bad bugs in 160+ hours.
78Pants	Recommended	49.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Pants/	Initially a bit concerned with the slow paced combat but the more I play it the more sense it makes and enjoyable it gets. Its definitely about taking your time and making the right moves, i've just become too used to modern games stupidly fast pacing. This game gives you time to think and consider your actions and its a refreshing change (both in combat and with mech customisation, mission picking, crew decisions etc). Thouroughly enjoying it and its a wonderful step back to childhood tabletop gaming sessions.
Boltergeist	Recommended	958.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/LadyAlekto/	This is the Game Battletech fans have waited for since we got a box with paper cutouts and big fat complicated rulebookNuff said
Grabthar's Hammer	Recommended	65.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198143503618/	Battletech is a well made turn based strategy game that is a faithful but flexible adaptation of the 80s tabletop game of the same name.Besides featuring deep turn based combat the game gives you tons of flexibility to build the giant robot kill squad of your dreams: you customize your mechs, their pilots and you get to roleplay your own unique chacter (with a background you shape and choose).  Taken together these options really allow for a lot of fun and different approaches to the game all of which culminate with robot jox/pacific rim battles.It should also be noted: the game is overall pretty slow.  There is a lot of time between missions retooling and repairing your mechs.  The missions themselves are also pretty slow paced and usually amount to battles of attrition as giant robots wear each other down with missles, lasers and hard ammo.For me this slow pace gives the game its value.  The game conveys a ton of information in a dense UI and so there is a lot of depth occurring across each move.  Though, I could see this pacing as not so much fun for the more adreline addled player, so, I highlight this aspect of the game just in case.Lastly, the setting is really, really, well done.  The music and 2D movie/cut scenes are absolutely riveting and feature blissfully professional voice acting.  The story, while cliche, stays interesting through top notch storytelling.  Together, these elements helped me become emersed in this crazy future-feudal galaxy and actually give a crap about happens.  Overall: This is a great turn based strategy game that stays very true to the tabletop and is hours of fun.
blackleagionair74	Recommended	392.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198111937390/	great game fun to play great grapics
Tiptoe-san	Recommended	152.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197970721511/	At the time of this writing, I have almost 50 hours on this game and have not experienced one single problem that the negative reviews seem to be festooned with post after post.  There are a few things that detract from the game such as cut scenes and storylines that take up time in between battles but honestly...if that's the worst thing that I can find to complaing about in this game then that's some serious nitpicking.  For those experiencing computer issues, may I be so bold as to suggest that it's you and your rig and not the game?  My computer isn't that special and it runs absolutely perfect.  If you like a slow, methodical game involving giant mechs that is more attuned to a chess match than a capture the flag in death mode match, then I recommend this game for you.  If you drink forty Red Bulls a day and need something to burn off all of that extra energy, then this game is not for you.
Phổ độ súc sinh!	Recommended	123.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/khamac/	7/10 -> 8/10 (after 5 days play)Pros:- Nice story- Nice mission -> great mission - Nice upragable ship, mechs and pilotCons:- Feeling like a half cake of FrontMissions (because tutorial is lack of informaions)- 20-25 ton mechs are jokes, can't melee, can't burst damage, i don't know what role should i use them.- Mech models are mere, not good not bad. If you like FrontMissions, the starting mechs are ugly!- UI in ship control is confusing, especialy in repair, inventory, switch parts at bay.- Can't rotate mech in bay or seeing how mech look after rebuild.- Weapon sound and effect not quite impressive, 6.5/10
Samu	Recommended	102.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198008878090/	In brief: a brilliant turn-based tactical game whose rare strengths mean you can forgive its flaws.In an era of fast-click RTS games or shallow turn-based offerings, this game really stands out for the depth of its tactical gameplay. Outfitting your mechs well and making the right tactical decisions, taking into account heat, stability and ammo management, is hard to learn but so rewarding when it pays off. It looks nice, too. The first time one of your mechs gets both its arms blown off while closing with an enemy, only to down it with a vengeful kick to the legs, you’ll know what I mean.The downsides exist but are manageable. Moves are slow to execute (in terms of physical time, not pacing), especially in campaign when the AI has a lot of small tanks to use. This can be fixed through a simple registry tweak online, and will hopefully be fixed properly in a patch.There are a few bugs and occasional crashes. It’s not game-breaking but make sure to manually save frequently, again especially in SP. I have no problems running it on high graphics on a mid-spec gaming laptop.I find the SP campaign too easy, both tactically and strategically – I haven’t found myself making any really tough decisions like in, say, XCOM2. Then again, I’ve only played the first few missions, and spent more time in MP. There are no difficulty levels which would be an easy fix to this.MP skirmishes are brilliant but there’s a bit too much randomness. A single lucky headshot can take out even a heavy mech, something it’s almost impossible to come back from. There’s also no matchmaking and no map randomisation, which leads to occasional cheese as players choose the perfect map to exploit their unbalanced build. But by and large the community is good and friendly.If you can put up with these little flaws in exchange for a really brilliant tactical game, then I’d recommend it. If not, or if deep tactics isn’t your thing, maybe hold off for now.
Mayhem_Jonah	Recommended	71.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198099121108/	As a long time player of the table top game (Both battletech and Alphastrike) I really enjoyed the game.Easy to learn, hard to master... until a certain point.Great game.
stannach	Recommended	10.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198006559932/	I was worried about this game.  I saw all the posts about it crashing, or not supporting certain resolutions... Well I am glad I gambled.  I play on a Lenovo y510P, its no powerhouse.  Still it runs well.  No crashes on the initial spin, and I love the game play.  It reminds me of the first (newer, not original) Xcom.  Its very fun, but needs a little polish to be great.  I have not seen any of the issues people are complaining about as far as SJW, or it being politically correct... I honestly thought I would see something blatent.  So far its a solid game.  If it was a 60 dollar pricepoint I would be a little more critical, but the price and gameplay make it worth it.  I know its not a large sample size. I only played it for 30 mins or so so far... I have returned games in less time though.  :)  So far I am very happy with this.
Seren	Recommended	52.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198028315759/	For battletech boardgame fan a dream come true. Enjoying the game almost like I did 25 year ago when playing with friends.
Noteleet	Recommended	63.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/noteleet/	The combat is tactical and enjoyable, which given the pedigree I expected. But the story, the writing, and the art direction really stood out. Your adventure is really tied well together, the balance between combat, resource management, and story is engaging and fun. The load times and funny cameras will draw missions longer than needful.Pros: Combat, story, Cons : Load times, clunky out of combat movement.
Dyskinekt	Recommended	10.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mouldydonutz/	This is the first turn based strategy game I've ever actually enjoyed, despite having no real knowledge of the Battletech or MechWarrior series. Hopefully the devs continue to support the game and release more content. Only real downside is the optimization (it's Unity so I guess this is as good as it gets) and the enviroment textures are dissappointing especially given how hard it taxes a high-end system. But despite some minor flaws it's very fun and I'm sure I'll get my moneys worth out of it.
GoldenBoy	Recommended	101.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198007949593/	 had a ton of fun with this game. Great balance, in depth strategy and surprisingly good writing on the main story. Definitely recommend to fans of Battletech (mechwarrior) games, or fans of turn based tactical games in general.
stannach	Recommended	10.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198006559932/	I was worried about this game.  I saw all the posts about it crashing, or not supporting certain resolutions... Well I am glad I gambled.  I play on a Lenovo y510P, its no powerhouse.  Still it runs well.  No crashes on the initial spin, and I love the game play.  It reminds me of the first (newer, not original) Xcom.  Its very fun, but needs a little polish to be great.  I have not seen any of the issues people are complaining about as far as SJW, or it being politically correct... I honestly thought I would see something blatent.  So far its a solid game.  If it was a 60 dollar pricepoint I would be a little more critical, but the price and gameplay make it worth it.  I know its not a large sample size. I only played it for 30 mins or so so far... I have returned games in less time though.  :)  So far I am very happy with this.
Seren	Recommended	52.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198028315759/	For battletech boardgame fan a dream come true. Enjoying the game almost like I did 25 year ago when playing with friends.
Noteleet	Recommended	63.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/noteleet/	The combat is tactical and enjoyable, which given the pedigree I expected. But the story, the writing, and the art direction really stood out. Your adventure is really tied well together, the balance between combat, resource management, and story is engaging and fun. The load times and funny cameras will draw missions longer than needful.Pros: Combat, story, Cons : Load times, clunky out of combat movement.
Dyskinekt	Recommended	10.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mouldydonutz/	This is the first turn based strategy game I've ever actually enjoyed, despite having no real knowledge of the Battletech or MechWarrior series. Hopefully the devs continue to support the game and release more content. Only real downside is the optimization (it's Unity so I guess this is as good as it gets) and the enviroment textures are dissappointing especially given how hard it taxes a high-end system. But despite some minor flaws it's very fun and I'm sure I'll get my moneys worth out of it.
GoldenBoy	Recommended	101.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198007949593/	 had a ton of fun with this game. Great balance, in depth strategy and surprisingly good writing on the main story. Definitely recommend to fans of Battletech (mechwarrior) games, or fans of turn based tactical games in general.
Barranoid	Recommended	215.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197986706741/	So far it stands up to the hype!Seriously...If you like the Battletech universe, you'll love this game!........that is as long as you're no hardcore nerd in his mid 50s trying to relive those gloryful days back then when you and your now boring friends had nights full of tabletop goodness. It's not a strict adaption of the tabletop, it's a videogame and a good one.
Tsey'Akan	Recommended	21.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/joaovpo/	I'm enjoying this game a lot. It's very cool to manage your mechs and your merc company. Cool story, fun sidemissions, awesome combat system, nice attention to BattleTech lore and details. Could use some improvements on performance. Great potential for new stuff to be added in.
Scaleofthought	Recommended	16.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198054002478/	Campaign story is great so far.Plays well, great UI, love the flow of combat. Haven't encountered any bugs, and plays smoothly aside from some large zoom-outs where there's a lot going on.Annoyances: Computer voice: I hate how the computer voice is just someone talking. And talking needlessly, while trying to sound helpful. "Damage, Minimal", "All weapons, Commited". Honestly, I'm not feeling it. It's not a good combination, the voice is not good, and feels last-minute and rushed compared to everything else. I turned Voice slider to 20 minutes in.Middle Click: Cannot hold middle click to drag pan. Can pan with WASD or screen edge. But with borderless windowed, screen edge pan is out of the question, and having your hand on the keyboard JUST for panning feels dumb. We could literally play with just the mouse. However, a single middle click will pan the camera to that location. But it is more natural to click and hold, especially if you want to pan faster and not have to *click*... *click*... *click*... just to move over a screen width.  Needing to press ESC: Aligning with the silly requirement for WASD just for panning, you also need to press ESC to cancel an action; when in most cases, simply right clicking to undo a left click would not only feel more natural, but coupled with the middle click hold for panning, would make this game playable with just the mouse. That's it. 3 nit-picks about some awkward controls and audio that I can easily ignore. It's too bad. I wish it was different. I wish there was a different voice actor for the computer and a better script; but whatever. What's done is done I suppose.Yes, I definately recommend it. The campaign is great and looking forward to playing more.Pending Opinions:MECHLAB Topics > Navigation, Usability, Look and FeelMULTIPLAYER Topics > Overall Stability, Ease of Connectivity, Match QualitySKIRMISHES Topics > Match Length, Ease of Access, Replayability
tharionwind	Recommended	270.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198007926583/	This is the true BattleTech experience.  Amazing deep storyline, mechwarrior mercenary contracts and so much more.  There is a PVP skirmish and other online options.  No need to be online to play the game (thank goodness compared to EA online only crap).Turn based like the original tabletop game yet with some interesting twists of the story line.  Having the original creator JW of Battletech/Fasa/ShadowRun fame really shines through in the quality.  There are few minor technical burps (turn off Steam Cloud game saves) but overall it is the BEST DANG Battletech experience on PC since MW4: Mercenaries.  4.5 starts!
malloc()	Recommended	146.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/syrran_/	Full disclosure - Battletech was my first skirmish game and the first board game I played that wasn't some family game (monopoly, etc). My glasses are pretty rose-colored.An excellent port of the tabletop game with some nice features added and a good rebalance. So far the campaign is great, and once the jitters from launch day were fixed I had zero issues playing without logging in and with logging in.The system requirements are pretty high considering the graphics, but it isn't a dealbreaker by any means. It runs great on my windows desktop (no surprise there) but really chugs on my 2016 macbook (not a huge surprise, but that thing runs civ 6 and endless space 2 just fine).Bonus - the initial negative reviews are almost worth buying the game for, that was some high quality salt.
Shifticus	Recommended	78.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197995494613/	Great turn based squad (lance) level combat, moderate business management and light RPG elements overall wrap the game together. Short version of the review is its an imperfect game, but for $40 its a must buy if you are a Battletech fan, and almost must buy if you are just a giant robot fan, moderatly must buy if you are an XCOM type fan. If you dont like RTS or want a CO-OP game, this isnt for you.Combat is fun, but it isnt a Mechwarrior game, outside of specific abilities or certain situations you cant really target specific spots on enemy mechs, you just smack them around and hope your damage is hitting where you want. You can of course use angle of attack to help the damage to be on the rough area you want it.On the business side I like the ability to using a slider mechanic somewhat negotiate your contract between salary and salvage rights; or even reputation gain if you want to run a well respcted charity :-). The salvage rights allow you to say 1/6, pick one item and get 6 from the salvage table at random, or 2/10 get 2 picks and 10 random items etc. So far I have gotten decent luck with the random salvage item giving me actual pieces to help build a whole mech. I might like this system less if I had worse luck so far. The way mech salvage is done is a bit weird, you wont ever recover a whole mech, you bascially have to recover 3 generic pieces of each mech to build a whole mech.Overall I am only 6 hours in, so I cant yet speak to how well the random mission generator will go, but so far missions have been enjoyable. Currently I have only an escort or assasination contract available, neither of which sounds appealing to me. I will try the escort and see if I hate it or not. If I do in the future I still need to test if i let game time run if new contracts would have eventually been offered to me.TLDR: Buy it unless you dont like turn-based or giant robot games; dont buy it if you want CO-OP.
SoapMacLavish	Recommended	41.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SoapMacLavish/	Even though I have a pitance of hours put in so far; this easily has captured the essence of the board game, and I cannot praise the game enough for that. No issues as of yet, but will update this once more hours have been put in. Long Live House Davion.
404PlayerNotFound	Recommended	139.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198019285705/	Stays very true to its tabletop roots - a number of addons are available to increase difficulty and rareness if you want the truly desperate feeling of bad dice rolls in your local stores back room.  Storyline progress goes well, and exploration can be interesting.  Replay value on the storyline isn't there, and difficulty after 4.5 missions goes through the roof which a much higher incident of headshots but this is a great addition to the Mech family of games and fills a much needed role long since vacated by Mech Commander back in the 1990s - here is to hoping for an expansion!
Laozi	Recommended	97.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197988955334/	Over a year ago, I kickstarted this game based on the incredible job Harebrained Schemes had done with their Shadowrun games (so good) and my long-standing love for the Battletech universe. Now that it's out, I couldn't be happier with the game that resulted.I kicked in enough KS money to get into the beta, and the skirmish mode + online multiplayer was everything I expected and more. I was particularly impressed with how Harebrained updated the ruleset to make light mechs USEFUL (instead of cannon fodder), add a ton of cool tactics including indirect fire, destabilizing your enemy with concussive weapons, and the suite of mechwarrior abilities that provide additional tactical options without ever feeling OP. Before the game came out officially, I knew the skirmish mode would rock - but having now played the full game, I'm equally as impressed with the mercenary management gameplay between drops.Harebrained Schemes did an excellent job of making you really think about the missions you take and how you tackle those missions once you're on the ground. You can't just throw your mechs into the meat grinder and wrench out a win - you have to consider each move and look at the damage and injuries you'll take, not just for this battle, but how those damages and injuries will affect your next battle, and the one after that. As a mercenary commander you must constantly balance quickly running missions with providing enough downtime to repair your mechs and rest your mechwarriors, as all the while your funds are consumed by upkeep on your ship, mechs, and loans. It's a neat balancing act and actually fun to micromanage.As far as customization goes, the mech lab is top notch. One of the best changes (IMO) is adding hardpoints to mechs - these limit the weapons you can equip and where those weapons can be mounted, making each mech chassis more unique than in the original tabletop game. You can't just load up any medium mech with medium lasers and call it a day - you have to look at each mech's intended role and fit the best balance of equipment based on the hardpoints available, and the weapons you have on hand (as a mercenary, you're constantly scrounging for equipment). The addition of fixed hardpoints and weapon types adds a fresh dimension to mech building (and trust me, I built tons of mechs in the tabletop game) that I really enjoy and which makes each type of mech feel valuable in its own way.Finally, the campaign is great, the same type of backstabbing/political/warfare story I remember from the Battletech novels from Stackpole, Keith, Thurston, and others. I want to help my side win and boy do I want to stomp those traitorous usurpers into the ground. The ability to give my mechwarrior a rich history is icing on the cake.In summary, I'd give this game a 10/10. It's everything I wanted from a Battletech game and more. Please don't be deceived by the legions of boy children posting false reviews because they got angry over a pronoun. If you ever liked Mechwarrior (the RPG), Battletech (the tabletop game) or the Mechwarrior series (PC games) you will *love* this title.
SleepyOrigami	Recommended	115.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SleepyOrigami/	Battletech is an extremely fun turn based mech game. The game is easy to pick up through play, and has a great campaign mode with an interesting story. It also has multiplayer which I am interested in trying out soon. Theres also rich detailed mech and pilot mechanics for the munchkins and veterans out there who like to optimize and play smart. The maps are rich, beautiful, and expansive. I love the cutscene art style too. Its easy to loose track of time and get absorbed into the game play. I definitely recommend Battletech as fun times.
Inviticus	Recommended	32.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198006542184/	Great game! Plays smooth, nice graphics, great Battletech strategic gameplay like we expected! If you like Battletech then get the game.
theOctagon	Recommended	93.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jschuldt/	Great mix of XCom and battletech.  Difficult, but I am enjoying it.
cboston86	Recommended	270.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198364665064/	Great game love play style and how it makes you think clocked up some serious hours already. However i do not like the load times when playjng for an extended period of time. My computer is basically brand new with a highish end graphics card and it seems the longer you play the slower the game gets.
deadsunwheel	Recommended	72.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198084173593/	A great turn based tactical game featuring giant mechs. The graphics are nice enough but the play is the thing with this one. It gives me a similar overall feel to X-Com with individual units manouvering around a map trying to get the best possible shot on each other. Where they differ though is that if X-Com was a sport Battletech feels like the heavy weight division. Everything feels tougher. Kill takes more work and vehicles mount heavy weapons that can wreck your opponent's day when they connect.Lots of fun.
keyvin	Recommended	8.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/bradpacket/	Beautiful turn based strategy game with management sim elements. Hair Brained Schemes delivered another winner, though this time deeper that the shadowrun returns trilogy. Command a lance of four mechs and manage a mercenary company.If you're looking for fast paced giant robot destruction check out Mech Commander or Mechwarrior 4 (free). If you want a slower, more thoughtful experience with modern UI and graphics give this a go. It is very much turn based where you are expected to put a lot of thought into your moves. My only gripe is that it could use a few more tutorial missions. There are a lot of mechanics that are poorly explained, and you are supposed to be a well trained mech warrior. Overall I recommend.
Signum	Recommended	164.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197961676376/	Bit of a steep learning curve, was unsure about it at first but now I can't stop playing it. Very challanging in places, richly populated with Battletech lore, attention to detail etc all make this a thoroughly enjoyable game. Glad a backed it!
jaxtherat	Recommended	142.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197982413675/	Holy crap this game is fun. And (to my pleasant surprise) doesn't hold your hand and retains a lot of freedom so you have room to fail. And excellent (albeit slightly buggy) game.
zer0imh	Recommended	136.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/zer0imh/	A must buy if you are a fan of the franchise or if you like turn-based strategy games like xcom.
Ben!to	Recommended	32.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197963315984/	It´s pretty rough on the edges, e.g. financial Balance, i was in the Situation that it took too long to Refit/repair my Mechs, and i was forced to go into a Mission with just two Mechs, this way it can happen fast that you are forced to  do ever harder Mission with degrading Mechs, and no time to actually Refit and enjoy your new Mechs.  It would be Nice if the Game would allow you to do easy Mission, with difficulty I even when you far progressed in the Story, so once you ♥♥♥♥ up you still can get Money. At more then One point i hat the choice of 3 Missions with difficulty 2.5, but i hat only 2 Operational Mechs, and Money was low.I got the feeling the Financial Aspects is pretty strickt, you can get broke without ever loosing a Mission.Graphics are fitting, Sound are okay aswell, sometime Mech Movement is clunky whil they turn Around, but its minor things.Overall  8/10
Chirox	Recommended	47.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198042518029/	This game has some wonkiness with menus and a bit of a learning curve, but if you are a fan of X-com style unit customization and tactical map battles, this game has a load of value for $40. Some people won't be willing to put up with the quirks and annoyances you run into from time to time, but this game was made with a lot of heart. You can tell that this is someone's passion project.Not perfect, but it sucked me in for ages.
Disney Passholder	Recommended	192.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198026450599/	I love this game. It's everything the board game aspired to be.(Speaking towards the Campaign and general play)Instead of Pros and Cons I'll write this like a QA report mixed with a Guide.Game needs optimization, it has a memory leak, and it bogs down for a lot of people. I don't have that issue as much as others.The turns are insanely slow. We need to be able to have a button, like a Space Bar to press to skip all of the movement of units we can't see off screen or speed up that entire process. I can read a book in the time the AI takes to move across the map.We REALLY need and want a Free Cam, so the camera doesn't lock on enemies the whole time it's their turn. Players should be able to click on the enemy mechs during their turns to watch them fire, or se the mech's stats. (we can only see the enemy mech stats when it's our turn to Fire weapons.) The game takes a long time to move the camera around and lock it on what ever unit is doing a move/fire. If they removed that, the turns would go more quickly. Also, There's a few seconds per unit, per round, where once you've taken your turn, like fired at a unit, the game pauses for a few seconds, then acts like it suddenly remembers who's turn it was next, and then moves the camera to the next unit. Because of thses things, missions take an hour, sometimes more.DON'T FAIL A MISSION! - If you fail a mission and you've taken damage to your mechs, not only are you not getting paid, but then you have to pay for repairs too. You'l go broke failing missions, and you won't learn anything. Money is very tight early game.  Do are kind of forced to do Side Missions to make money, do 3-4 sides before you continue on the main story line.  You'll thank me later. The AI seems to pick on the Girls. (Female Pilots), and also seems to pick on your Shadow Hawk A LOT. Doesn't matter who's in it. Melee is vastly important and strong. Don't wait until you lose an arm to go in for a Melee attack. Set it up early and get in there and kick the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of'em!Too Many Headshots!! - This last mission I did there were 3 Headshots on ONE of my Mechs, just that same mech, 3 times in the head. Pilot dead, of course. I also had a headshot on the AI mech, and killed it.  I've seen/had other head shots in the game, however they seem to come hard and heavy at the worst possible time.They are very rare, you might see one headshot on a mech in 4-5 missions, but to have 4 in one mission is just insane. I nearly restarted that mission because I knew exactly what was going to happen from previous experience.  Sadly, the pilot received another head shot "Head Hit".  This wasn't the first time there as more than one, or even two Head Hits in the time I've been playing. I don't mind the rarity of Head Hits, but 4 in one mission is entirely excessive.If it happens to you, just restart the mission from the Save before the mission.Shooting through buildings and terrain. This is getting really annoying.  You have sight, or Line of Sight on a target, you, as well as the AI mechs and vehicles, can shoot through the ground in most cases.  In fact, it's so easy to do I don't know how we can't NOT shoot through the ground all of the time.  It's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, and it needs to be fixed. Lasers and AC rounds do not pass through the ground. Missiles don't count in this unless they are passing through solid objects to get to your mech.Your mechs in the way of a shot aren't actually blocking your shot. I've shot through arms and torsos of my own mechs many times to hit the enemy. But, you can't shoot through theirs to hit an a mech behind an enemy. The UI could be a bit simpler, but it works fine. Removing or changing the process to work on, store, and design your own mechs requires more clicks than it needs to, and takes a bit of figuring out why it works that way. It's not intuitive at all when you first start the game, and it just becomes something you put up with, in time..I can't wait for Modders to mod the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of the Mechs and their slots. The slots are vey restrictive and don't feel like it's the year 3,000+ where you'd think they would have figured out how to do that by then. I get it, it works this way for Game Balance, but even then, it just feels too restrictive. I know other people will disagree and I totally get their argument.Names of systems and Travel Hubs on the map are not labeled.There's no VO for the people you deal with or talk to 90% of the time. You have to read everything, which is OK, because then you get to make decisions out of a Multiple Choice List of responses. Even then, more than half the time it doesn't matter what you pick (Unless it's your Origin or Story related or pertains directly to YOUR character.), you just end up going to the Bottom response on the list. It takes a long time to make money, so get good. Now, that's a lot of negativity, I know... I believe in this developer, and I think they will definitely "fix" the issues stated above and other issues that people are experiencing.  I personally have had ZERO crashes. The game has always started for me. So, positively speaking, if you don't like that the game progresses slowly, then this is rich and fulfilling. The Story line is deep and colorful.  I'm not usually a Sotry Line person, I'm more of a jump right in and shoot the♥♥♥♥♥♥out'a stuff guy. However, this story has much bought in. I'm about it. The graphics are the key thing here, so if you see people ♥♥♥♥♥ing about it, they're simply wrong.  Graphics are fine. This game is all about strategy and terrain and it goes way deeper than just land on a planet and blow stuff up. If you don't play smartly, you're going to get your♥♥♥♥♥♥pushed in. The mission types don't yet seem repetitive, however, I've learned some side missions have a "type", where it's obviously a Seek & Destroy mission, others you have objectives and goals. With these types of missions you can use them to make money, or get parts and new weapons & ammo for the Mechs you already have, or will have. You can even get new Mechs. When you destroy mechs on the battlefield, you basically scavenge the hulks of them. It takes 3 piece to assemble 1 Mech to be able to use it. Once you get to the next Tier Ship above the Leopard, you'll be happy as a pig in slop. Because that's when you start to feel like you're getting somewhere. Your repair times will go down, your "Out of Comission" time for Pilots goes down, and you'll start to make a lot more money. Don't forget to save the game before big missions. In the beginning do it often. You'll be happy you did the first time you go get rekt. In every game with an RNG for shots and hits there's a margin of Buuuuulllllshit that happens and one of your Fave mech pilots dies. Glitch has the best VO ever. DO NOT LET HER DIE!I very much enjoy the way the Mech Warriors (Pilot) proggress with points in skills. Very cool and I had not considered that it would work as easily as it does. Gunnery and Tactics and Guts are your 3 main go-tos for leveling up a Mechwarrior.  You will learn quickly that different MWs want (as in it's a really good idea to build on what they have.) specific skills increased sooner than others. The game is really fun, and I've been trying to find more time in the day to play it. Some things take a while and can not be hurried. Other than the speed of the game not being able to be increased like other Paradox games (EU4, Stellaris, etc.) This is more like a game of Chess than Checkers. Take your time.If you don't like what you've read so far, wait a while until the game is updated/patched.  There are some things I haven't touched on that others have. So compare notes and reviews. If you don't mind the issues that I have stated, and you like depth and Strategy and Whoop Azz in your games, then this is for you. Remember it's Turn Based. Sh!t Happens.    You can't take the Sky from me!---#ripglitch  #ripgumdrop You will be missed.
face_hits_ground	Recommended	210.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198160555378/	Fantastic. Worth every penny and then some. I can't wait to see where they take this next.
finalist	Recommended	99.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/gimomo/	https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nafii87gdzs 
daCooksta	Recommended	70.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/dacooksta/	I'm only 6 or so missions in, but I've loved every minute of it.  I grew up playing Mechwarrior and am a huge fan of TBS, so this game was right up my alley.
darkrinn	Recommended	975.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/darkrin/	I am a Battletech fan and have been since the late 80's I backed the kickstarter soon as it was posted.  I had high hopes for this game while it didnt let me down I do think it could have been better with more time.  Though people were already calling it vaporware by the time it got to the market because people dont understand the time it takes to make a game.I like they tried to fairly closely emulate the original game.  They managed to monderize it and make it interesting.  It didnt come without bugs but the first patch came along within a month that fixed most of those bugs and brought us new features on top of that.  The Story line while I have not finished it so far is great.  from what I hear I have come close to finishing it a time or two only to get stuck(not the game fault my own) and start over.  The mechs available for play are definitely a variety of all things from the table top game and work well once you understand the roles that each have and how to use them. The character progression is far beyond what was in the original battletch.  it may be akin to mechwarrior but I have been out of that game for so long I dont remember how theres worked. The upgrading of the ship is good and helps you along with what you might need to get in and fix your people/mechs quickly and helps you have different monthly spawns of actvitiesOn the could be improved side.  A drop weight limit has been suggested by some and could possibly help.  I think what would help the most is being able to take more than 4 mech on the field at a time. If not call for reinforcements when one or more goes down in the fight.  As it is I dont upgrade to have more than the 6 starting mechs and 5 maybe 6 piolts at a time.  would be nice to have a reason to have more. The Argo upgrading feels like a huge money sink with some value for what you get but I dont feel its enough.  I think its just there to make your balance stay lower.  Once you got all the upgrades you really dont have a lot to spend money on other than repairs and usually by that time you arent getting many things that need repairing.  Vehicles would be nice addition esp for some missions.Mods I have not tried any mods yet because I want to beat the game first before I add stuff to it. Though I have a feeling Rogue Tech will be one of the first mods I add.The overall quality of game for the price I feel is perfect its not an over priced 60$ game its a reasonable 40$ for what you get.  I am ready for DLC and look forward to what Hairbrained Schemes will add. I just hope its as reasonable as the price of the original game and they dont nickle and dime us for skins etc.I will say if you are on the fence and liked Turn-based strategy games like Xcom and Shadowrun you will probably like this and I suggest you get it.Congrats Harebrained Schemes on the great game you managed to put together.
Grabthar's Hammer	Recommended	65.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198143503618/	Battletech is a well made turn based strategy game that is a faithful but flexible adaptation of the 80s tabletop game of the same name.Besides featuring deep turn based combat the game gives you tons of flexibility to build the giant robot kill squad of your dreams: you customize your mechs, their pilots and you get to roleplay your own unique chacter (with a background you shape and choose).  Taken together these options really allow for a lot of fun and different approaches to the game all of which culminate with robot jox/pacific rim battles.It should also be noted: the game is overall pretty slow.  There is a lot of time between missions retooling and repairing your mechs.  The missions themselves are also pretty slow paced and usually amount to battles of attrition as giant robots wear each other down with missles, lasers and hard ammo.For me this slow pace gives the game its value.  The game conveys a ton of information in a dense UI and so there is a lot of depth occurring across each move.  Though, I could see this pacing as not so much fun for the more adreline addled player, so, I highlight this aspect of the game just in case.Lastly, the setting is really, really, well done.  The music and 2D movie/cut scenes are absolutely riveting and feature blissfully professional voice acting.  The story, while cliche, stays interesting through top notch storytelling.  Together, these elements helped me become emersed in this crazy future-feudal galaxy and actually give a crap about happens.  Overall: This is a great turn based strategy game that stays very true to the tabletop and is hours of fun.
CraigUK87	Recommended	21.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/CraigUK87/	Ignore the naysayers.... if you're patient and like turn based combat..this is the game for you.
Inviticus	Recommended	32.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198006542184/	Great game! Plays smooth, nice graphics, great Battletech strategic gameplay like we expected! If you like Battletech then get the game.
theOctagon	Recommended	93.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jschuldt/	Great mix of XCom and battletech.  Difficult, but I am enjoying it.
cboston86	Recommended	270.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198364665064/	Great game love play style and how it makes you think clocked up some serious hours already. However i do not like the load times when playjng for an extended period of time. My computer is basically brand new with a highish end graphics card and it seems the longer you play the slower the game gets.
deadsunwheel	Recommended	72.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198084173593/	A great turn based tactical game featuring giant mechs. The graphics are nice enough but the play is the thing with this one. It gives me a similar overall feel to X-Com with individual units manouvering around a map trying to get the best possible shot on each other. Where they differ though is that if X-Com was a sport Battletech feels like the heavy weight division. Everything feels tougher. Kill takes more work and vehicles mount heavy weapons that can wreck your opponent's day when they connect.Lots of fun.
bossgoji	Not Recommended	36.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/bossgoji/	I... desperately want to be able to recommend this game. The core gameplay, especially in skirmish mode, is fantastic, and the back-end of company management is a treat. But this game has capital-P Problems, and there is just no getting around it.For one thing, the game is an absolute mess of bugs and slowdown issues. My first campaign run more-or-less died because it consistently crashes after a priority mission before it autosaves, meaning I simply can't clear past that. I've also seen mechs fall directly through hills, had the game skip my turns, and that's not even getting into the fact that it makes my GPU heat up like a bonfire. Lengthy audio pauses before and after every action also slow the game down to an absolute crawl, which require you to dig into the game's .json files to fix. Fixing sluggish mech movement speed is even more of a chore, and as a result, the game moves like you're wading through frozen molasses.For another thing, mission design is almost uniformly kind of unfair. Rarely if ever are you going to be dealing with actual tactics or complex strategy, beyond whether or not to reserve a turn; the enemy invariably will have more units than you, frequently out-weighing your force by around 100 to 200 tons even on 2-skull difficulty missions. While this is assuaged somewhat by enemies frequently having poorly-maintained armor, the problem is that this simply doesn't pan-out to much of an actual challenge, just 'spoiler' enemies. If you move your entire lance up as a single blob of firepower and destroy single targets piecemeal, you win; if you do not, you lose. No mission appreciably changes up this formula or offers any incentive to play in any other fashion.And you know what? It's a real shame, because the skeleton underlying all this janky meat is wonderful. The core gameplay, the actual system beneath the mission design, is about as good of a streamlining of classic BT tabletop rules as you could ask for. It's got a great story, an excellent management metagame, and skirmish mode, where you're playing against an AI or human opponent that actually has to field an identically-balanced budget, is a GENUINE challenge that tests your understanding of the game's systems.But bluntly, until other matters with the game's shoddy stability and performance are resolved, and some kind of campaign rebalance or modifier system is introduced, I cannot advise you purchase this game. Wait for a sale, or for the promised June/July update to see if things have actually been fixed.UPDATE as of 10/1/2018: After taking a lengthy break from playing, doing a complete nuke-and-pave reinstall, and after months of updates, the underlying problems still remain. I had a crash within 1 and a half hours of play despite being on a completely fresh, clean save file. My system is well within the game's recommend specifications; it runs Forza 3 smooth as butter. That the game is still this buggy, unreliable, and crashy is inexcusable, particularly from a studio with a reputation as strong as HBS. Avoid this game.
Perfidious Pete	Recommended	43.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/PerfidiousPete/	I heartily endorse this event or product!
jwells	Recommended	732.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198030757343/	Given I've sunk nearly 600 hours into the game, I like it. It's a character (mech) tinkerer's delight. How about I try this? Or that? Or the other thing?  It's a lot of fun.   Thing to keep in mind is that this was a crowdfunded title produced underl time and cash restraints. Frankly, I'm impressed that HBS ended up with sucha solid game on v 1.0.   That isn't to say it's perfect, because it isn't. Storyline is pretty simple though reasonably engaging on the first playthrough. There were some loading and memory-management issues on release. Better now, still could use some work.   As a foundation for future add-ons though, BT is solid. Witness the efforts and results of the modding community (and you really need to after finishing your first run, the'yre amazing.)
Cherokeedog	Recommended	143.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198294184361/	After 70 hours of game-play I decided to change my rating and my review. The game is no GOTY contender, but if you are a fan of turn-based tactical combat, you’ll enjoy it.Important notes:-The game has a somewhat long and deceptive learning curve. You’ll only start enjoying it after about 15-20 hours of game-play.-Most official reviews mention issues with bad RNG on shooting and unbalanced difficulty rating for missions. These issues have been fixed.So, pros and cons altogether, ‘cause it’s a tad hard to separate them:-Strategy and tactics really work well in combat.-The story setup gives me a Firefly feeling. If you’re a fan of the series and the movie that originated it, you’ll love this. I wish the music was also similar.-The story itself is Ok, peppered with RPG elements, but you have read all of it and it’s also heavy with lore. You need to really want to know it.-It has a vast array of mech types and they really allow you a lot of flexibility with loadouts. It’s fun to set them up and you can really feel and see a difference in combat.-The skill tree is poor and unsatisfying. The active skills that define your mechwarriors’ classes are dull, but you’ll find the passive boosts quite useful in your game-play.-Graphics are on the low end side. Same goes for the environments. These issues make the game feel dated.-Damn long loading screens. Reminds me of the time when it took like half hour to load up a game, 20 years ago. Not the good type of nostalgia.-It’s not spectacular. Animations are pretty simple and camera angles are sometimes awkward. It’s a mech game, so it should’ve been spectacular.-Sounds and music…meh.As a conclusion, I do recommend the game for genre fans (Fallout 1,2 Tactics and the XCOM series), but I’d still say it’s better to get it on sale.
Voronesh	Recommended	332.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198032499254/	I finished the vanilla campaign twice and am now playing with Roguetech for the second merc company. And i come from a tabletop background.HBS have outdone themselves by providing an amazing game with a solid campaign, which interestingly enough is kicked to eleven by using the aforementioned mod.Mech Combat done perfectly right. Affordable pricing with incredible value if you consider the assortement of mods out right now.
Decuervo	Recommended	51.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198028957706/	Thoroughly enjoyable. Nothing like creating a lance of mechs from salvaged parts and throwing them into a brawl. Once you get a decent stable of mechs the game world really opens up.The mod community for this game is going to be a big deal. For example; there's already a mod to get rid of the "they" pronoun so if the developers SJW nod got on your nerves you can easily get rid of it.  Looking forward to Nexus getting some more mods up and running.
built_to_scale	Recommended	96.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/NeuromancerAlpha/	 Battletech was the first table top rpg I ever learned to play. God I loved that game. It has been nearly perfectly recreated here. Thank you so very very much HBS. If you are on the fence about this game dont be. Put on your cooling vest, strap on your Neuro-helmet, run through your start up sequence and never get paid in house script. I cannot wait for DLC!
Shineshine	Recommended	9.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198026737316/	Ladies & Gentlemen, forgive me for my poor English.Log 16 mins online, played 5 days offline enough to write a review.If you guys like mechwarrior with a spice of strategy, X - Com style with certain upgrades available with open freedom to roam around the space hunting for quests, stocking up weapons, mech parts, hiring your own crews, improving them.This for You Mech Noobs. You wana hunt for rare parts in certain planets, you like blowing up other peoples mechs, seeing the legs, or hands flying off or seeing your mechs jumping and flying like Michael Jordon. Fixing up your favourite mechs, pulling your hairs trying to fix that damn gorgeous weapon into your mech but alas, not enough tonnage space. This is for you.You wana go Multiplayer with your friends or play against, you have it.You wana fix up your crews hair, complexion, or give her a tattoo or kinky name too. This is for you.I am just a casual player cant handle too much stress and difficulty anymore, just wana take life easy.If you are one like me, Change your setting to +beginner+, payout to +generous+, Salvage + Most +, uncheck +rare parts+.If you are a hardcore or need a challenge, change to harder mode, disable some settings to prove yourself the best,Graphics: 8.5/10Control: 8.5/10Soundtracks: 8.5/10 ( Voice actings of some crews are quite funny and wicked :P )Storyline: 7/10Conclusion: It has been awhile we have not had a decent mech strategy games in years. This is a fun yet good game by good company. Its priced competitively too. No regrets for me.Make sure you have enough space in your harddisk and also delete the game as and when you need to load a game.
dmitrynpetrov	Recommended	42.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198129777463/	Good turn-based strategy game with deep tactical gameplay. Sure, it differs from the classic boardgame in many key mechanics. But it captures the feel of the game where you command big stompy ironclads. This makes the game "good enough" for me.Bugs and performance issues are not unheard of. However, I didn't encounter anything game-breaking myself. Probably wait for a bug fix update or two before actually buying.Campaign plot is somewhat cliched. Dialogue choices and even sometimes random event choices do not really affect the game. This kinda makes me simply skip the plot elements (yeah, you have some story, it looks like a BattleTech story, good... now let me manage my merc outfit and go pew pew some mechs).Game has a lot of tactical depth. This implies some learning curve, and experience with other BattheTech games helps a lot. If you know how to use range and terrain for your protection, know what units can deal you a lot of damage and should be taken out on site, know when the fight is too much for you so you should withdraw, and so on - the only thing that would be punishing for you are random pilot hits. Basically, if you have classic boardgame experience under your belt, first part of the campaign is an excercise in methodically steamrolling your opponents. The real fun starts when the game allows you to travel around The Periphery looking for more profitable contracts.Traveling around the world can be tedious. Really, there should be at least "fast-forward" button (or, better, "skip to next event").There should also be some checkbox to make in-combat animations faster. Ok, I've seen all of them, now they just make the combat tedious. You can do it by editing the game configuration files, but it really should be in the game settings.
Axelon	Recommended	110.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/axelon/	Frustrating. Annoying.  Battletech.
Zacpod	Recommended	28.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197982239699/	Just want to say this game works well for me, day 1.Feels like battletech.  Very satisfying, so far!Death from above Scorpion tank in a Spider.Resulting exploding tank blows off Spider's leg.Other tanks focus fire on injured Spider, and I have to scrable to kill them before Spider dies.Would Death From Above again.
JestfulHam	Recommended	15.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/JestfulHam/	This is a fun game, Scifi/robo/space/Merc/turnbase/ game sure go for it. Faults!Limited customization you have a few Mechs to choose/buy but your not mixing and matching Mech bodies, legs, arms, head your only mixing and matching weaponary that they can be aloud to equip. During transit its repetitive all the space ships look the same. its repetitive as♥♥♥♥♥♥ they could have added more or different ships in the background. The missed the Mech mixing and matching and limited the mech body parts and types (i.E Tank like trreads like legs, spider ish legs, Arms, No arms, Sword arm etc.) The dropped the ball for Space fights in a universe where there are pirates and bandits and crooks etc, there should be space fights, and battles. You do get to create and edit your characters Background and picture but you never seen him/her in game other than your ID. Which even if they (which they are) Do the first person type style that they are going for, they could atleast Make it feel like your there some how. Also be prepared to read, there are quality Voice over segments, but i wish they did it all. the VOice actors are greatThere are random events in the way of travel or time passing that pop up in txt where you get to choose the outcome. this could have been way better if they pushed it back but its decent enough. is it worth buying at 39.99 usd? Maybe wait for a sale. We need more Mech games Maybe a mech game as ambitious as Star Citizen is for space ships and open universe and people driven. 3.5 outta 5 (worth having if you get it on sale, slow, bit repetitive but the story is great. Definatly for space lovers and scifi fans)
Monarch	Recommended	42.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197985382871/	Beautifully marries the aspects of turn-based and vehicular combat, with slight RPG elements to make it worthwhile looking after your MechWarriors. Can be brutally difficult at times, but always fun to outfit and deploy your 'Mechs.
s3Ct0rS	Recommended	48.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Wowfreak123/	This game is one of the best RTS I have played. It is very challenging trying to budget your mechs, repairs, re-fits, and warrriors. It had great balance and alot of mechs from the BT universe. The one downfall is the game only allows one lance (4 Mechs) Some times that is super rough espicially against 8+ Mechs and heavy vehicles. Still the balancing is there. If you are familiar with the BT universe there is no clan weaponary and only a couple of mechs and weapons from the lostech (hopefully we see all this in a future DLC or Sequel. Overall I loved this game and was hooked and still am.
