TITOMOSQUITO187	Recommended	783.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/titomosquito187/	Massive creative time sink. Dig like a boss.This is one of, if not THE best values on Steam for the amount of time you can play it vs. the money you will spend. Terraria has had two massive updates for free already, as well as both a Halloween and a Christmas update that added many more items, enemies, events, and bosses as well. The game caters to most gamers in that it has several ways to enjoy the game.Exploration, mining, and item collecting is a big part of the game. With the 2 major updates, and the two season ones the game has hundreds of items to find, get from bosses, and simply craft. For the item collectors out there you can spend a good 50-100 hours searching for all of these alone. You can find and craft armors, melee weapons, ranged weapons, and magic weapons. You will be able to find and craft dozens of accessories that can be improved and combined with others. You can plant gardens for potion ingretients, find special keys to unlock more chests, banners, paintings, statues, etc. for decoration. You can even craft dyes to allow you to change the color of your gear and paints to change the color of your blocks.Boss fights are for the more action orientated players. The game has 2 modes. You start in the normal, or "easymode" we all call it with just a handful of bosses that shouldn't be too difficult for you once you learn the mechanics and have upgraded your weapons, armors, and accessories. After defeating a certain boss in this mode the game will enter into HArdmode. This is where the more challenging enemies and bosses appear. You also will get access to much higher level gear and you will have much much more to find.The real longevity of the game, however comes in the crafting and building aspects of Terraria. AFter you have dominated all the bosses and mined all your ores, found your gears, etc. you can still spend hundreds of hours designing and building massive towns and structures. The game even has a bunch of wires and mechanical items that you can set up to do things such as teleport! The building aspect is most certainly my favorite part of the game.Not only can you do ALL of this alone in single player, but Terraria has CO-OP/Multiplayer! You can do everything you can in the single player mode, but with friends! Share and trade items with others, go and fight bosses together, or join together and create a massive art project, or city. Look around the net for Terraria artwork. There are truly some pehnomenal art designs by the Terraria players out there. Terraria is one of my favorite games I have on Steam and is one that every STeam gmaer should own. The game goes oon sale regularly at 75% off so you can get it for $2.50 regularly. It's a steal even at full price. Also, don't forget to check out Terraria Online for the wiki and the modding community. This game has a very nice and active mod community. So even after all of this you can still get mods too!The game also has trading cards.
Thunder3575	Recommended	88.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198122046294/	Pretty fun to play, I just started a while ago and I had plenty of fun. Once you start getting into in you'll need to memorize a lot of what things are and what they do, but that'll be easy.
Be ready for thus spaghetti	Recommended	537.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/xorobot75/	All though they all say "Its a Minecraft clone" the game brings more adventure. You customise your character. And I mean my word when I say it because I beat the game. The game allows a Large, Medium or Small world. You can have a Crimson or Coruption world. The game sticks out lots of enthusiasm.  Terraria other world is coming out too, i want to say "Thank you" to all of the co and sprite developers and the creators of the game. And the game is only 10$. So thank you for this master piece of a game.
Your Reality	Recommended	39.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198325057249/	You dont have to add this but i think i know what will make terraria explode i think you should try to add workshop support . maybe it could add maps, new weopons, npcs, and other cool items. thank you for reading this and i hope this is helpful if you aprove of this idea please leave this as a helpful comment.
Bloodcrow	Recommended	465.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Aguynamedshelly/	The first impression that most people have about Terraria is that it's a "2d Minecraft".While there is some commonality, I can say without condition or preface that Terraria is an infinitely deeper, challenging and far more robust sandbox game than any other out there. The 'cute' facade is just that- a facade. As you spend more time in your first world, you will find challenges, horror and rewards that few games can achieve. It's a testament to both the developers and the community that a game that's as old as Terraria (six years and counting! That's like a kajillion human years!) is still receiving content updates.
ุุุุ	Recommended	833.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/BurgerBDSM/	One of the few games out there that I actually respect.Each time I play, it is always a novel and thrilling experience.
Dwarfurious	Recommended	376.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Dwarfurious/	Why are you even READING these reviews? The game is 97% positive, that IS the review.
LOLI RAVIOLI	Recommended	597.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/zxccvdoom/	I can hold 49,950 bunnies in my pocket.
nhoj4321	Recommended	4,359.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TwasTheSummerOf69/	I am in love with this game I have spent over 3,000 hours on this. I own a server and its been up for nearly a year now and I don't regret ever doing it. The Terraria community is amazing.EDIT: People keep asking me for the IP, so they can play. Here you go : 173.76.105.204 | Port: 7777If your wanting to play Terraria with me, just join my server. :P*
Spectral Shiba	Recommended	563.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SpectralShiba/	Some might call this a "2D Minecraft" but it offers much more than that.Extremely fun to play in about four day long bursts, or maybe more if you can not get burned out so fast like me. Terraria is best played on a private server with friends, as playing solo is boring and slow, and playing on a public server is a complete mess.
Pale Dolphin	Recommended	148.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198005271335/	Probably one of the first sandbox-crafting-building games, that made me skip sleeping at night for several days. The possibilities are nearly endless here, I’ve started the game over for like 15 or 20 times, and every time I’ve had a different experience. Good thing is, every new world you generate, differs drastically from the last one. You’re getting randomly generated dungeons, biomes, deserts (with pyramids!), jungle, the hell, and all the world objects. There are thousands (literally) crafting recipes, and it will take tens of hours to explore them. Single player is pretty good, and you will enjoy exploring the world, building castles (or dirt houses) and digging deeper into the ground. Multiplayer, however, is absolutely amazing - it really makes the game shine. But try to play with your friends, not with just random people - communicate via Skype, TeamSpeak or whatnot, it will make your experience of dirt digging a lot richer. Trust me.I’d rate this game 9.0 / 10.0
Wertysd	Recommended	665.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/wertysd/	Terraria is an amazing action-adventure platformer with a beautifully generated enviroment. There are tons of different biomes and areas to explore, with unique mobs and loot in them.Weapons are for four different "classes" (warrior, ranger, mage and summoner.) Certain items give you bonuses for specific classes, so specializing yourself as one of them will give you a ton more of damage on the chosen weapon style.There is also a wide variety of different accessories and items based on mobility to spice up the regular gameplay. (e.g. double jumps, grappling hooks and even wings.) The list keeps going and going.However there is no particular system for character progression in Terraria. (leveling, skillpoints etc.) But you will be gaining health crystals throughout exploring caves, which increase your maximum HP. Same goes for gathering Fallen stars for increasing maximum mana as mage.In my own opinion, Terraria is one of the best games to play through with your friends. It is almost too addictive, and keeps me grinding for the rare drops no matter how lucky or unlucky I could be.If you're not willing to buy it at full price, make sure to give it a try when it's on sale. (as you're still reading this.) Pros:Huge variety of different weapons and items.Randomly generated world. (every world is different.)Still stuff being added. (updates)Extremely fun with others. (co-op.)Cons:Some might dislike the voxel-based graphics. (personally actually quite like the graphical design.)Some bosses may be really difficult to kill alone. 
EndGameOmega	Recommended	839.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/EndGameOmega/	Buy this game.Don't wait for a sale or for it to go down in price. It is by far the single best game I have bought for $10.The 2D pixel graphics are beautiful, the shadows and lighting are excellent. The sounds and music tracks go together very well and provide a rich atmosphere. The game play allows for both pure sandbox play and “questing”. Combat is self explanatory, there's very little learning curve in using weapons and items, though mastering their use may take some time. The materials in the game have a clear path down a wide tech tree, and the questing progress leads you through progressively more advanced mobs which are surprisingly well balanced, in my opinion.The total “questing” game play can last as little as 8 hours if you're rushing (and good), but more often will take closer to 40 or so for a newer player. Add in time you'll spend customizing your houses and world and you can easily get lost in a single world for litterally weeks (hundreds of hours).The only negative I can see is that the game does get a bit grindy at times, but if your like me, you can easily get lost in the grind as you test out new weapons and ammos on the various foes.A final word, if you liked Minecraft or Starbound you will, in all likelihood, like this title as well. There are enough common elements to all three titles to leave me confident enough to say this. However, I must stress, Terraria is not just 2D Minecraft, or just Starbound re-skined. It is a world of it's own, with it's own unique quarks and rules. In fact, I can see someone likeing, even loving Terraria and hating both Minecraft and Starbound. On a personal note, as much as I love Minecraft and Starbound, I would rank Terraria just above both in terms of polish and overall game play. The fact that the developer is still releasing updates for this fantastic title has made me a fan of not only the game but the company as well.OverviewPros:Excellent 2D GraphicsCompelling Game PlayClear Progression PathWell Priced (i.e. Cheap for what it Offers)Cons:Can Get Grindy at Times 
Souper	Recommended	255.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/alallalalallalalalala/	"I think I'll let that bunny live"-No Terraria player ever
Murphy	Recommended	90.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jennasdogsarebetter/	(UPDATE) Alright, alright, I fixed it, turds. Chill out.(UPDATE AGAIN) Alright, fixed it. Thanks, rustystone."Terraria's just a dumb 2D Minecraft ripoff, what's so great about that?"Hey, calm down. I'm not saying Terraria's better. But still...I would like to say, that for the record...This is NOT a 2D "Minecraft" ripoff.Does Minecraft have a sword that fires rainbow cats?Does Minecraft have other human NPCs?Does Minecraft have yoyos?Does Minecraft have flying eyeballs?Does Minecraft have 14 boss battles?Does Minecraft have cell phones?Does Minecraft have pumpkin armor?Does Minecraft have rainbow rods?Does Minecraft have bees?Does Minecraft have BIGGER bees?Does Minecraft have lucky frog legs?Does Minecraft have twenty-five (or so) different ores?I didn't think so.
Premo	Recommended	1,007.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197967868569/	For me, one of the best games I ever played. On sale it is €2.49, that money for 324 hours of gameplay and still not tired of it. One of a kind. Just buy it and get to know it.
Tramplefoot	Recommended	24.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mechanizedmetalhead/	Better than Minecraft.
✪ evangel1on | Astrid	Recommended	53.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/astridlvs/	Product received for free
Ahanux	Recommended	439.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198092154579/	10/10. One of my favorite games. Its fun to play on your own, however, i would recommend having a music playlist playing in the background while you play on your own. Its also very easy to play with friends through steam. Also the game isn't very expensive, definitely worth the $10, especially if you have friends to play it with. However, only downside is that it can become a little repetitive over time. But after all, i guess that can be said for a lot of games. Sometimes its good to take a break for a little bit and come back to it.I currently have 434 hours played on this game, all but 6 achievements, and have beat every boss (that has been currently added). Theres a lot you can do in this game to keep yourself entertained.
Obama	Recommended	84.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Solar003/	Amazing game. Terraria is definitelly a game that you can play for hours and have fun the whole time. It's the perfect blend of fun and creativity, so you can play the game and not feel like a 12 year old squeeker playing Minecraft. A must buy game, and perfect to play on almost any pc, good or bad.
Au Revoir	Recommended	227.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/peejaypunk/	With the game's huge variety of content, there is so much a review could talk about. But I'll try my best to keep this one spoiler-free.At first glance everybody will think and will assume that terraria is indeed a 2D version of Minecraft. That might be true when it comes to its building aspects. But the games goes waaaay over that.Terraria has a balance between its building and adventure contents. As I earlier mentioned. it has an enormous selection of weapons, armors, building materials and a wide profile of mobs and bosses alongside it. The list goes on that having a wiki open during gameplay is necessary as the game doesn't really tell you what to do next. Its progression is always up to you.That being said, the world you create will also progress relatively as you move forward.  After defeating specific bosses, the game shifts to other modes relatively harder than the previous one.  Stronger mobs will eventually be present. So if you're on the best armor right now, it will be obsolete in the future more or less. But don't worry, stronger weapons and armors will be craftable as you progress as well.Now when it comes to its building aspects, Terraria has a huge selection of materials, textures, paints, etc. You can also choose an equivalent furniture (bed, chair, table, etc.) for these specific materials (wood, stone, granite, marble, etc.). You can eventually make a lot of themed rooms or houses with its long list of building options.Again, terrariawiki is a huge requirement for this game. It is recommended that you have it in your browser while playing as the game itself won't really hand you out instructions.9.5/10 Overall.With a lot of stuff that you can do, I could say that the gameplay is really long. This is a fun game, especially with friends. Generated maps are huge as well. I have hundreds of hours but I haven't completely uncovered a full map. (It's not the objective anyway, just saying)UPDATE: I also forgot to mention how horrible the netcode on this game is especially during boss fights. The game won't sync in properly with members of a coop run. What actually stopped us from continuing was the constant lag when events occur. So that's a CON for this game (only on coop mode I guess). Still fun nonetheless.
Matheis	Recommended	2,807.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Matheis/	I enjoyed the game, Can get boring after 2000 hours, spent alot of time administering a multi-player server. Very good crafting elements/ survival elements however gets really boring after you kill moon lord.
British Corn Snake	Recommended	823.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/CornSnek/	I Myself enjoy building, mining and open ended games. This is something different though. It combines the adventurous feeling of "path of exile" and the 2D yet amazing type of art of "starbound" and "edge of space". This came as a gift from my brother. He noticed that I was getting kinda left out because a few of my friends could play it and I didn't have it, so he spent his own money, or steam credit, to buy me this game. It is worth the cost and will bring you a lot of enjoyment. Thanks bro.Many people would call this "2D Minecraft" and "pointless, silly and plain rubbish". I however disagree, as this game has more enemies, bosses, items, biomes and many more. This game is out on many platforms and I simply love this game. 9.5/10. I would like to give my thanks to re-logic and the rest of the group for this game. It is astoundingly beautiful.I shall now talk about the gameplay. You may customize your character's original look, and can have extra items in your accessories bar to increase strentgh, allow double jump, save you from from injuries by dodging, etc. You also have a vanity bar to put on cloths over your armour, therefore letting you have a nice amount of defense without clamping down on your style. You have a bigger inventory and hotbar than minecraft and better items, too. You can be wearing a big bulky helmet made of toughened mushroom while also wearing a rainbow coloured bowler hat. I personally collect hats as a hobby, so I could wear a turquoise fez or boater while also have on a high end helm. The multiplayer allows pvp, and it's own version of ctf (capture the gem). It also has teams, allowing you to play pvp in a group if your friends without killing each other. This game has a wide range of NPCs, ranging from an arms dealer to a party girl. The nurse can be a bit rude though... But I don't care. She gets the job done. You can build a condo by the ocean, or a mansion in the roots of a tree. You can hollow out hell, or reside in the clouds. You could even build a secret hideout hidden in a lava pool. The crafting is fun, you can make potions easier than in minecraft, and the traders don't go "HMMM". That is an automatic upgrade.I just love this game, and if anybody says that it is bad, then I have a tear run down my cheek. Just joking.I would like to thank: Redigit, D-town, Cenx, Crowno, Will, Aaron, Jim, and anybody else who helped make this game. I have changed my rating from earlier: 10/10. Terraria has a lot of potential, yet is still a FANTASTIC game. Anyway you look at it, it is full of colour and beauty. Thanks. This is a true game.
DIO	Recommended	1,882.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198042028499/	I have two words for you: Purely Amazing. This game is even better than Minecraft.Pros: -No hunger system          -NPC's that move in with time          -Character Customization          -Low Cost          -Currency system          -Pets          -Weapon Attribute SystemCons: -Jumpscares at times (Dungeon Guardian)           -Grinding May Be Needed At Times           -No Infinite (round) Worlds All This Ends Up At A 9/10.
CoolnessWizard	Recommended	233.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198132311563/	This game is awesome in every way! Even though it's 2D and some people get annoyed by that it's still one of the best indie, survival, sandbox game! Great job Re-Logic! I defenetly recomend everybody to buy this game!
レイジ クイット！	Recommended	108.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/hiimjeck/	One of the best content-to-price games out there and very enjoyable mutiplayer.I bought this game years ago and it seems the devs are still updating it without any paid-DLC type things.Would highly recommend to anyone looking for a great sandbox game.
Jeanne Alter	Recommended	306.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/UnconquerableSnowBlack/	Terraria is a neat little game that in my opinion, you can get the best experience when playing it with friends. Modding the game also brings a brand new fresh feeling to the game after you may've gotten bored with vanilla Terraria. There's a huge variety of things to keep you busy with the game, from making your base look awesome from grinding items from huge mobs during rare events. It has it all!It's totally viable for playing by yourself, but trust me when I say playing with friends is the ultimate experience. Highly recommend when you have others to play it with and you're looking for something new, creative, and fun to play!
iSheHe	Recommended	65.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/iSheHe/	Do you enjoy minrcraft? Then you should give this game a try!Dislike minecraft? worry not, the games are nothing alike!
ＲＥＯＮＡＲＤ	Recommended	290.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/reonardthenerd/	Well, I've been playing this for over 150 hours, so I guess it's about time for a review. Simply put, this is quite possibly the best ten dollars I have ever spent on a game. Terraria has an unbelievable amount of content, and the exploration value never runs out. I've been playing this for several months and I'm  still  not bored with it. There's always something to do. Want to have a quiet evening building your house? Forget about it. There's zombies, demon eyeballs, slimes, classic movie monsters, and a flying Terminator head with four arms and a chainsaw that would have you do otherwise. Do you like pop culture references? So far, I've seen nods to Mario, Legend of Zelda, Pink Floyd, Portal, Christmas Story, Alien, Dark Souls, Final Fantasy, Kingdom Hearts, Star Wars, Ice Climbers, Minecraft, Spiderman, and God-knows-how-many more popular titles and franchises. Do you like strange and creative concepts? How would you like to fight off a Martian invasion as a bee-riding werewolf, or kill demons with a yoyo? Does that sound cool to you? Then get this game. I will warn you that starting off can be slow for inexperienced players, but it gets very rewarding later on, especially if you do it with friends.Like my review? Check out my  Curator  page!
Existential Dread	Recommended	465.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/the_abyss_calls_my_name/	I used to play minecraft and nothing else, but now that i have found Terraria, i never touch MC. I love sandbox games, but this has sooo many things in it, your options are even more endless than before. It also never lags, one of my pet peeves.I espessially love all of the machines and bosses. This is a true sandbox game, Thank You Terraria.
carrieshot ♣™	Recommended	242.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/carrieshot/	One of the best games i've played, game is really good for anyone who likes fighting, building, crafting, getting burned by lava, falling 
Solid Mansouri	Recommended	589.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SolidMansouri/	good game
jermeister6	Recommended	1,508.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jermeister06/	I love this game to death, I originally started playing this game when i had potato pc and the experience was great because at the time i couldnt play newer games without 5fps. The community for this game are super friendly and this is a game that is a must have for everyone who uses steam.
Spot	Recommended	954.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198040996089/	Boy oh boy where do it start?Probably the best Slime Killing Simulator I've ever played.I've been playing this game for far too long at this point. It was so fun at the start, but the funny thing is, it still is.This game is deffinately a good buy for someone looking for a really fun experience alone or with a friend, or even two, three, etc.I thought I was done with the game at the 400 hour mark, since I've played it through more times than I can count.Then I discovered how fun it is playing with the games fine mechanics, such as wiring, detailed building and much more. At that point I went all in again and here I am. 
Sad Nerd	Recommended	1,383.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Chrisexiled/	Well almost 800 hours of time would tell you i have thoroughly enjoyed this game, massive amount of content and another update soon to come.For $3 if you don't have this game i recommend you buy it, it's a great time killer and it is alot of fun
Truxton	Recommended	241.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/pancakelover99/	 Terratastic! I have been playing this since the very first release, keeping up with the updates and I must mention, the developers are really passionate about their game and have updated it always with loads and loads of content. I've never had so much fun in a sandbox. It has so many hours of exploration, that it's the best experience ever. Gameplay You start off with your guide in a fully unexplored land, ready to be plundered off it's resources. The guide explains few basics of the game and gives few tips that can help you out but he can also be a gentleman and open the door to your house to fellow zombies, because, let's not be rude to the guests shall we and let them have a fair meal of brains.In Terraria, exploration is the key. Chests and a multitude of other nice loot lay down underneath the layers of dirt and stone, which is completely wonderful. But not only that... the most amazing feature... POTS. YOU CAN SMASH POTS. The dream of smashing all the pots in your way has come true, they come in all variations! Pots, so many pots to break! But not only that- they hold rope, coins and more, something else really nice. Rope is useful when exploring caves at the very beginning, since you don't have a grappling hook of any sort and the wood platforms and others just don't do it. Rope is your ally. Then comes the most important objective- mining of the ores. You'll need them to start crafting better gear for a better protection and damage, so you don't get destroyed by powerful creatures and advance to the corruption where you'll have even more business to attend there. It's up to you to explore, Terrarian! Graphics Another feable comparrison to Minecraft is the pixelated art style. However, I have to disagree. Minecraft's visual aesthetics are based upon blocks just like Terraria. Though, Terraria has a lot more dynamic designs and aesthetics, and a much more vast colour pallet to boot. The art style is simple, yet very eye catching and has its own identity. Most sprite games try to base their style on games like Mega Man or Mario. Terarria, however, has its own style that is unique to itself. When you see the art and sprites, you don't think Mega Man or Mario. You think Terarria. Terarria also boosts a lot more visually stunning and diverse environments. The world also seems just so much more alive. Since this game is a sidescroller, the designers don't have to worry about Z axis. Because of this, Terarria has a lot more intricate world and level design and is a lot more vertical than its Mojang-created counterpart. Terarria also features a lot more enemies and NPCs than Minecraft. This game just feels alive and there's always something interesting on the screen, whether you're in the forests or deep underground. This game is just a joy to the eyes. OST & SFX Professionally done sound effects so you can get the most out of your gameplay, and awesome chiptune tracks to keep you going with the mood! Absolutely love the tunes and I look forward to buying the official soundtrack, it's that awesome! The rain and snow biome tracks are the best in my opinion, check both of them out on YouTube.Terraria OST RainTerraria OST Snow Should you buy it? Yes, you so should buy it! It's worth the full price for all the content it has to offer and fact is- it will offer even more on the plate soon enough. If you liked this review or want to see more recommended games, be sure to follow our curator group:  Original Curator Group  
CinemaFromage	Recommended	23.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/CinemaFromage/	Oddly enough, Terraria was the first game I'd bought on Steam.  I had been away from PC gaming for a fair amount of time and a good friend had discovered the game on SA and started pestering me to play.  The buy in was dirt cheap and it looked mighty weird with it's retro chic graphics, but I figured if said friend was so fired up about it, I might as well give it ago.  All of the praise I could find at the time compared it to Minecraft, so I was a bit leary.  I'd watched my kid play hours of Minecraft and it just wasn't my bag.  I'm glad I was able to push that stigma aside, because I ended up finding a gem of a game that pulled me away from my fancy consoles for a good chunk of time. We've all been kids; kids love to explore.  Exploration is the foundation of Terraria.  You start out with nothing more than a pick axe and a large map, then you're left with simply trying to figure out what's there.  Start to dig, maybe build a house and you're off and running.   There's something mentally satisfying about being able to click away at the soft earth, digging a path ever deeper.  It may seem pointless, but as you tunnel down, maybe you take a jog to your right and all of a sudden a hidden cave opens up before you.  Dig some more, perhaps you find an underground lake.  Maybe after a few hours of digging, you find something far more sinister.  Then, you spice things up by spinning up a server and letting your friends join you, and now you're working in conjunction, worming your way through the contryside with a misdrected sense of manifest destiny, coupled with the thrill of shouting 'ooh, look what I found!' and getting them to come see. Terraria's not flashy, but it doesn't need to be.  It's a relaxing good time and it'll bring you a wee bit of the childhood joy of exploring.
Covfefe	Recommended	95.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/1st_Blacklist/	>Bought the game in 2013>get bored to play this game solo>All my friend bought this game in 2015>back to game>HOLY ♥♥♥♥, THIS GAME IS SO MUCH FUN TO PLAYOnce you start, you can't stop, ten Hours feels like one Hours there are so many things to do.If you like adventure, exploring, discovering, building and fighting bosses, this game is something for you.8.5/10
Crowii	Recommended	279.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Crowii-/	Actually better than Minecraft.
breese*	Recommended	93.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/numeriusftw/	Terraria is a small 2D adventure game. I will review the game in some paragraphs, and then I will give it 1-10 points.[Gameplay]In the beggining, your quest it's to find wood, and make a shelter to survive the first night. "The First Night"-that was the longest nigh in Terraria for me. Then, the game starts getting harder and harder. There are zombies, slimes, skeletones, Bosses and many, many other creatures. It's very interesting game! 10/10[Crafting]Ah.The crafting system in this game is quet hard to solve.It was hard to me, I didn't know even how to make a torch.The coolest thing about the crafting system is that, you only need the items for the thing you want to craft, not like in Minecraft, where you need to put every material in some "speacial" position. If you're a new player, talk to the first person you see in the game. Just do it!!! 9/10 It was hard...[Bosses]This is the coolest part of the game. Beating the bosses! So, The Bosses are made on 2 difficults, Easy and Hard.If you fight on easy difficult, don't worry. The Bosses have like 2k HP to 10k HP. They can be easly beaten up with a good armor and good weapons. IF YOU ARE A NEW PLAYER DON'T START WITH THE HARDMODE! JUST DON'T!!!On Hard mode, the Bosses are very hard, and If you die, you lose the game... Ex. The Eye Of Cthulhu it's on 2,8k HP on Easy, but on Hard mode, the Eyes are two and their name is "The Twins" The one have 20k, the other 23k HP.Good luck! 11/10[Multiplayer]Oh my God. This is the game I can play with friends forever! It's very funny and when you and the crew get all on HardMode characters and start beating bosses, it's cool. The worstest thig is that, Terraria is made on Small, Medium and Large terrain. This is the worstest thing, not like in Minecraft, to be infinite. But it's a'ight. 8.5/10 Can be better.[Final Review]"Terraria" is a very good game. Even better than Minecraft, lol. So BUY it, what're ya' waiting for? This is an big adventure in a small world, which can be played with friends. What more do you need? 9.5/10 - I highly recommend this game!*Sorry for my bad english!*
Vega	Recommended	451.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/everything8/	Terraria is one of those games where it's fun until you literally have everything and done everything then it's not fun anymore..Unless of course one of your friends got another friend to get into Terraria, and you both proceed to watch your friend absolutely suck at the game; struggling to build a house, 10 second reaction time, dying by slims, zombies and fall damage,  then of course I recommend it. Especially if you plan to start fresh on a new world.But no really, 380 hours into this, it's a pretty good sandbox game, really deep, but it starts out slow so be forgiving.
Nutellagoesbad	Recommended	111.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Nutellagoesbad/	It feels like everybody is quitting GTA V to play Terraria right now.Good game.
♠ DivermanSam	Recommended	4,962.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/76561198025023640/	Yeah, It's a pretty good game.
Colors ツ	Recommended	308.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/RedRRubyy/	With well over 280 hours of playing this game with my mates, I've got to say it's one of my favorite games! If you haven't bought this game yet with the 500 sales they do a year to bring it down to 1$ just do it stop thinking! It's got so much to do,BuildBossesMineDungeonsMultiplayerEtc...All I've got to say is if your looking for a long but always new game spend the 1$ on it.
Super Saiyan Rosé	Recommended	126.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/QueenofWesteros/	 Pros:  Beautiful/stellar music, esp The Hallowed and Space Charming graphics/very colourful (makes you sit in awe of the world) Patch 1.3 added 800+ new items Good item tier and crafting system Allows for a lot of creativity High replay value 3 map size settings/huge top to bottom maps Variety of biomes Imaginative bosses (14-16 in total), invasions, and special events, e.g. Halloween and Christmas (which you can get early on if you manually alter your computer's time and date) Developers are a decent bunch of ducks, so support this [great] game! Welcoming community  Now supports Steam servers  Cons:  Starting game can be somewhat slow Several achievements are bugged, e.g. heart breaker in multiplayer. May require a new world after a patch to recognise the achievements properly Switching between items [1-0] can be infuriating and often unresponsive Previous versions won't work well on newer patches, e.g. 1.2 worlds won't respond well to a 1.3 patch There's a lot of information to remember in this game, so you may have to refer to the Wiki a lot (can be - depending on the person) Conclusion: I would definitely recommend this game, especially considering the £/$ per enjoyable hour model. It's also a game you can come back to over and over again, and one that's truly timeless, and can be played by all kinds of gamers. Related games:  Starbound Minecraft 
FadingGeneral	Recommended	506.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/FadingGeneral/	Terraria; The only game on PC where you can solely defeat the final boss using only a yo-yo.10/10
Flameberg	Recommended	177.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Flameberg-/	One of the best games i have ever played, I loved every bit about this game.A really great 2D game. Spent playing this game on explore and kill the bosses with my friends and if you think this is like MineCraft so, IT'S NOT. 
ycmm	Recommended	202.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ycmm/	addictive awesome game
the Queen	Recommended	305.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198061499781/	Your "I accidentally summoned the Wall of Flesh" Moment.
Hekkaryk	Recommended	302.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/hekkaryk/	Terraria is a legend. It's a 2D crafting/survival game with simple graphics, thousands of craftables and tons of bosses (26 on PC, to be precise) to beat.You want a challenge? You come at the right place - to beat certain opponents you need skill... or wide knowledge and very very long stage preparations ^^'You seek fun? There is a multiplayer and lots of ways to have fun and/or prank your friends ;)And if you like building - you're NEVER going to get bored ^^ Build your very own Floating Gardens, underground dungeon(s) or any type of functional electronic circuit. In 1.3.1 patch they added logic gates, sensors and lots of tools to help you with wiring.There are 3 types of character-based difficulity and 2 types of world-based difficulity. You beat every boss? Nice! Now try it on Expert Mode world - and don't get surprised :DAlso, after defeating certain boss, world enters Hardmode. Difficulity spike is real ^^Sometimes to spice things up an event occurs - during which event-only enemies swarm you in hordes :)Of course, there are bugs. Sometimes randomly generated world is unintentionally difficult (especially for newly creater characters). But... that's about it. Other type of issues are extremely rare (I didn't encouter any in 200+ hours of gameplay) ^^
✪ RΛZΞ	Recommended	824.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/xRaze_/	---{Graphics}---☐ You forget what reality is☐ Beautiful☐ Good☐ Decent☐ Bad☐ Don‘t look too long at it☑ Paint.exe---{Gameplay}---☐ Addictive like heroin☑ Very good☐ Good☐ It‘s just gameplay☐ Mehh☐ Starring at walls is better☐ Just don‘t---{Audio}---☐ Eargasm☑ Very good☐ Good☐ Not too bad☐ Bad☐ Earrape---{Audience}---☑ Kids☑ Teens☑ Adults---{PC Requirements}---☑ Check if you can run paint☐ Potato☐ Decent☐ Fast☐ Rich boiiiiii☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer---{Difficulity}---☐ Just press ‚A‘☐ Easy☑ Significant brain usage☐ Easy to learn / Hard to master☐ Difficult☐ Dark Souls---{Grind}---☐ Nothing to grind☐ Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks☐ Isn't necessary to progress☑ Average grind level☐ Too much grind☐ You‘ll need a second life for grinding---{Story}---☑ There is no story☐ Text or Audio floating around☐ Average depends an DLC☐ Good☐ Lovley☐ It‘ll replace your life ---{Game Time}---☐ Long enough for a cup of tea☐ Short☐ Average☐ Long☑ To infinity and beyond---{Price}---☐ There is no "price“☑ Worth the price☐ If u have some spare money left☐ Not recommended☐ You could also just burn your money ---{Bugs}---☑ Never heard of☐ Minor bugs☐ Can get annoying☐ Assassin‘s Creed: Unity☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs
Mr DiStRo :)	Recommended	140.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Viktislt/	Žaidimas paprastų grafikų, bet galimybės pačio žaidimo viduje tiesiog stebina. Nėra vieno konkretaus būdo kaip jį pereiti, nėra vienintelio tikslo, kurį gali pasiekti. Ta įvairovė ir leidžia kiekvienam žaisti pagal savo stilių ir greičiau ar lėčiau pereiti. Rekomenuoju betkuriam, kam patinka ieškoti nuotykių.
Keith	Recommended	16.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/keithjames/	You can nuke waves of zombies with explosives bunnies.You can pelt Santa Claus to death with rotten eggs.You can murder enemies with bananas.You have to sacrifice your guide to the gods of hell to progress the game.And one of the bosses is a Pig, Shark, Dragon, Walrus mutant, named Duke Fishron.Play it already.
EvasiveAce	Recommended	600.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/EvasiveAce/	*EDIT* 6/30/2015 Steam Multiplayer has now been added!When I first saw this game, I thought of it as another Minecraft clone. Now that I played about 100 hours on record, I now know it isn't a clone of Minecraft, it is better than Minecraft in my opinion. Its a 2D adventure game, with alot of bosses and crafting. One thing I don't like about it, the Steam multiplayer. In most games, Steam allows you to play with other people using Steam, in Terraria you have to host your own server. At the end of the day, Terraria is a great game, and I recommend it.10/10
IdiotGaming	Recommended	487.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198184706962/	Terraria is simply put, an amazing game. You get the whole game for only 10$, with frequent sales. I have easily invested more time in Terraria than any other game I've played in my life, only because of how much replayability Terraria has. With 270 hours in total on steam (At the time of writing this review), and much, much more on consoles, Terraria never fails to amaze me, with its simple, but very good looking art style, and amazing gameplay that I can play for hours on end without even noticing the passing of time. There is so much to do in Terraria, and in the 300 hours+ that I've played it, I've never once felt bored. An incredible amount of content, for such a cheap price. If you don't have this game already, get it. If you're skeptical over whether this is the game for you, wait a little while for it to go on sale and get it. You won't regret it.
Silver Athena	Recommended	362.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Silver_AthenaN/	Literally THEE first game I’ve installed when I installed Steam. I love this game and all the possible creative outcomes it still has left to offer after you complete the game.
Voidwalker	Recommended	390.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/VVoidwalker/	Product received for free
「Le Mundo」	Recommended	433.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jojokepng/	"This game is a Minecraft clone" -A Suck-up Minecraft Fanboy/Fangirl, May 16 2011-PresentThe only reason they claim it's a clone is because it's open world, and has a few similar weapons (which technically, a lot of games have swords, and Minecraft wasn't the first) but overall, the un-modded version of Terraria is actually better than most modded Minecraft games, in my eyes. Some people complain that this game doesn't have enough content or doesn't get updated enough, and then claim that Minecraft is better (even though Minecraft only has at most 1/4th of the amout of items Terraria contains). Minecraft has had more updates overall and is barely as complex as the coding in this game! There are only a few things I find extraordinary in Minecraft: Creepers, anything involving the Nether, anything involving the End, and anything involving the Mushroom Islands. The list is so much bigger for Terraria! There are even more than 10 bosses and countless enemies that are either semi-original or 100% original. In fact, the only thing I wish Terraria had that Minecraft had was more mod makers and map creators. This game isn't even 'endless' like Minecraft claims, and still packs more of a punch with just a few content updates over the years! I strongly reccomend this game (if you can't already tell). This game should set the standards for upcoming sandbox games: lots of items, the developers stay in touch with the community, and has so many more enemies than any other game that you will be like:0_0 WOW.
Друг	Recommended	122.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Jugoslovenski/	Glorious Leader Stalin approves of "Terraria"Terraria is cheap, no capitalism here.Many bosses to crush under boot.Build large arsenal of weaponry, like soviet motherland in ww2.Hats.Character customisation.Wires for smart comrades.Many ways to support communism, like playing on servers with comrades or building large house.Great communist leader Stalin rates...8.5/10
francish	Recommended	447.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/xickoh/	I don't feel like writing a big review, yet, I feel the need of reviewing it.PS: I am also a Minecraft player, but these two are way more different than you think! It is not Minecraft 2D!Terraria is a sandbox, crafting based, metroidvania, rpg, surviving, exploration game. You actually have to do something, a sort of "campaign".It's not only about surviving, because there isn't a hunger system, you could just build a small house and stay there forever.You want to be the best, you want to rule the world, you want to thrive.This is all about crafting and gather resources. The last one isn't easy, there are mobs waiting for you in caverns.The world is finite, and filled with danger. It is split in 2 parts (pre-mode and hardmode), both fun, different and with lots of things to do, to craft and to kill.Content: This game is now 5 years old! The developers are still updating the game with huge, FREE content patches, they never made us pay for a DLC, never once.PROS+ Vast amount of stuff, items, weapons, ores and enemies (near 3800 different items if I'm not mistaken)+ Amazingly balanced difficulty (you can do everything individually, no friends needed)+ Fun, hell yeah+ Multiplayer, bring your friends, if you have any+ Repeatability - I've started over again more times than I should+ Sandbox - It really is sandbox+ Addictive+ Free massive content updates!CONS- Dying can be frustating- You may give up early- The game might be too long and time consuming- Retro-style isn't for everyoneGreat game overall, I wish there were more games that hook me this much.
FurSofa	Recommended	1,823.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198042894241/	Amazing Game. At one point I took a step back and thought about what was happening. I noticed that a friend of mine was riding a pirate ship dressed like a bride shooting kittens out of his sword to defeat aliens. This game covers it all to say the least.
Fenneko	Recommended	27.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SeriumuRamune/	Before you say "OHLEHLTHISISTOODHEEMEINCRAFT"... let me stop you right there. Minecraft SUGGESTS you to play this game, sir. Read some of the splashscreens. It says "Also try Terraria!", and notice there's also "Don't bother with the clones!" Yeah. THINK before you say "LEHLMEINKREFFTKNEKEFF", k? It's a very good game, the only thing I didn't find pleasant was it not being steam overlay-friendly. Hell, even the NEGATIVE reviews are actually POSITIVE reviews! Very good game, I give it the Medal Of Approval.
Padonkers	Recommended	47.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198406769954/	Great game, full of content and will have you coming back for moreMinor complaint: all other versions aren't as good as PC but that doesn't really apply here
Dfault	Recommended	34.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/_DEDSEC_/	When you start playing the game you die a lot.Then you get better weapons and amor and you still die a lot.You build your first house, you die a lot defending it.This is an adventure. An adventure of dying a lot.And you love it.
Yippie™	Recommended	507.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/yippie2020/	better than minecraft.
Hans	Recommended	166.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/hansdc/	Best indie game ever made
子	Recommended	154.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/nathank7256/	After 130 hours on this game, I have to say this is a really good game.-Not a ripoff of MC, not even NEAR MC, stfu fanboys.-Really fun, worth the money, I got this for 3 dollars from the sale, heck, I would pay full price-A little boring at the start, but after you look on the wiki and learn some things, then it gets real!-Really fun to play with friends-Although its 2D, I think it is better than some other games that are 3D9.99/10 because I don't believe in perfect scores
Stabilo ᐰ	Recommended	352.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/stabilo_00/	I bought this game for 5$ back in the days and it delivered more than 3-4 60$ AAA titiles.*also gib badge pls
Vega Omega	Recommended	267.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198805261048/	Terraria is a 2D-sidescroller sandbox game mixed with RPG elements. Some say its just a 2D copy of Minecraft, but anyone who's put more than a few hours in this game knows its its own beast. Terraria is filled to the brim with a ludicrous content that, at least for me, has kept me playing for hundreds of hours. It has a very fun progression that keeps you hooked for the entirety of the game, mining or collecting more materials to get better equipment to fight your next boss, which scores you new loot to help you with the next. It has hundreds, and I mean HUNDREDS, of unique weapons, each changing your playstyle entirely. From miniguns, to beam swords, to skull spell books, and the mega beam of hyper death, the roster is massive. Not only that, but as you progress through the game, you get accessories, which range from upping your defense or attack to giving you full-on flight, dash, and super speed abilities, etc. Your armor matters too, because having a full armor set equipped gives you another bonus. There are thousands of different possibilities for playstyle in this hell of a game.Lets talk about the progression itself. You start in a world with nothing, fighting for survival, digging underground to try to craft enough to survive. You start building houses for more friendly NPCs to live in, such as the merchant, bomb salesman, etc. You are mining underground and find a chest. Inside is a pair of "hermes boots." You equip them, and suddenly you can run twice the speed you were before. You also find a heart canister, and another, and another. Soon you are up to 200 health, double your starting amount. Then you see a message in the bottom left of your screen. "You feel an evil presence watching you." 2 minutes later, a giant eyeball charges toward you out of hte darkness. You somehow manage to kill it, netting you a bunch of money and demonite. The dryad also spawns.Lets skip ahead a bit. You are minding your own business, mining hellstone in the underworld. A demon appears on your right, and you kill it. What you didnt realize was that it was holding a voodoo doll of the guide. It falls into lava, and suddenly a massive wall boss appears. You kill it too, being decently prepared for hell with potions and enough bullets to take down skeletron. Then your entire world changes. A new biome appears, the hallow, and you get a hammer that you can use to break those altars and make new ores in the world. New mobs appear underground and at night. You've just entered hardmode.By the end of the game, you've gotten so strong that you are fighting literal gods. Aliens from Mars invade just because you weren't really paying attention to the sky. You fight an ancient Aztecian golem just for fun, and it isn't even a challenge. You've reached the end of the game and are ready for the final challenge. You kill the last of thee celestial towers and impending doom approaches. The final boss approaches, a massive screen-spanning bahemoth called the Moon Lord.This is what makes Terraria so addictively fun. You always have more to do, and there is always more content to explore. Even when you have finished the game, theres still expert mode. Beat expert mode? Try again just using the weapons of one class. Tried that? Theres a huge modding scene with mods like Calamity that completely overhaul the entire progression with dozens of new bosses. My steam record for this game isn't accurate, as I've put in about 700 hours worth into this, and I still haven't gotten tired of this mega-game. Highly recommended for anyone willing to lose a significant portion of their life. 10/10
Vokun	Recommended	472.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/trancator-official_/	 Terraria, A game about you, trying to survive the world of? Terraria, build and fight your way up to the end, you just start off as a person, only carrying nothing but the basic tools, and there you are. Deciding what your first step will be, will you go collect wood? Or immediately dive into the horrors below! It's all your choice in terraria.  There's a lot to do. What will be your first step? What will you do to become the Lord of Terraria? Well, the distance between  you and that tittle, is... let's say, pretty big, you got lots of things to do before you're done, and that is what keeps you playing.   Amazing gameplay. This is not just your average game, you got to use tactics, in fact, this game and its playstyle will keep building up. Though it can be frustrating sometimes, but aren't a lot of games like that? Hours and hours of never ending exploration. Oh? You're done finding what you wanted? There's always something else, waiting to be obtained. Maybe it's a rare drop? Maybe it's just an easy-to-get item that you badly want. However, you're never done trying to find whatever your heart desires.  Amazing boss fights.   Now, how can you be the 'Lord of Terraria' without proving it? You can't. That's why there are these strong foes that will challange you, all you have to do is defeat them. Sounds simple you may think? Well, it gets harder, but when it does, you'll find much better weapons and accessories. Some of these bosses are pretty challenging and require a good strategy.   Wonderful soundtracks. Not only is the environment of this game beautiful, but the soundtracks just finish it off. You're in a nice green forest, and what is the first thing you want to hear? Something peaceful. The soundtracks have all, their own special message, rather you're fighting a boss, exploring the caves or just wandering around at night. They all have their way of saying: "This is where you are." Challenging dungeons and caves.  If exploring the surface became boring, and you got bored? Then digging your way underground will have you exploring a lot longer! Mining these precious ores to craft materials or maybe some armor and weaponry to protect yourself. But, are you able to survive what's waiting for you down here?  Awesome weapons and items.  In this game, you have to be able to defend yourself. But how? With weapons of course! Do you like to slash your opponents with a mighty sword? Then crafting a good sword is the first step! Oh? You prefer to stay a safe distance away from your opponent? Well, that is possible! A bit later in the game you can own yourself a gun! But? What if you love to use magic? Is that even in the game? Well, it is! Either you can be a mage or a summoner! Wait, what's the difference you ask? Well, a Mage uses magic to fight and defend himself, a summoner on the other hand, summons creatures that will fight for him. However, magic items aren't quickly obtainable when you first start. But the time will come won't it?   An epic final boss.  Finally! You've defeated every boss! But... what is that? You feel a strong presence around you, as the final battle is about to come... you know... that you are not finished yet, for yet, to become to Lord of Terraria, you have to defeat the one who is... and that... is.......Something you'll find out on your own, spoiling it now would be rather pointless now wouldn't it? But what I can tell is, the items that this Lord will drop are very strong, and with these items, you can call yourself, The Lord of Terraria! Now, that was it. I hope you liked my little story.Personally, I just love this game. And I highly recommend it for those who love exploration and survival games. I hope this helped you a bit to see what Terraria is about and what it has to offer. Until then, I hope you'll have a good time playing and becoming, The Lord of Terraria! Have fun.
Caterpie	Recommended	569.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/nick87510/	- Buy game- Play for about 5 minutes and be confused- Uninstall- 2 years later- See game in library- Install game- Post a discussion looking for people to play with- They convinced me to put it on Expert- Be confused- Die- Die- Die- Die- Die- Die- Die- Die- Die- Die- Die- Die- Die- Die- Die- Kill Moonlord- Spawn 300 King Slimes and kill them with the last prism.10/10 would die again
Kasumi Tani	Recommended	498.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198043960246/	Terraria is the first and by far most polished game in 2D sandbox exploration/building genre.Aside from expected core concept of mining for resources and building your house or settlement, Terraria puts stronger emphasis on combat – particularly epic boss battles – than most other games of this genre. There are a lot of challenging bosses to fight, each with their own fighting style that requires specific tactical approach. And depending on how well you are equipped, regular enemies can pose a constant threat, especially in the areas that are meant to be hard. There is also a huge selection of weapons and magic spells (that act just like weapons, but require mana for each use) available to the player, most different from the others not just in damage they do, but in how they work in general. So the combat mechanics is very good when it comes to both enemies and the player.When it comes to environment, Terraria has a fair amount of different biomes, each of which is very well-designed with unique enemies, treasures and atmosphere. Terraria also has very interesting Corruption/Crimson/Hallow mechanics that is currently unique among the games of this genre. Corruption, Crimson and Hallow are biomes that spread over time, consuming other biomes, and keeping them contained (if you make it your goal) can be a real challenge in the Hardmode, where few things can halt these biomes’ growth.If you enjoy 2D sandbox exploration/building genre and somehow missed Terraria, you should most definitely give it a try! And if you haven’t played the games of this genre yet, Terraria is a solid choice to get familiar with it.
Déxter	Recommended	177.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/dexter48/	Well,total 85 hours i've spend on this game,and obviously this game is so worth it,in this game you can make such a pixel art,building,and more,and the part which I like is crafting armor,weapons,and dozens of vanity/accessories,and welp I'm totally recommend this game xD
naic hat	Recommended	395.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/stoned_memelord/	Terraria is a 2D Sandbox game, similar to Minecraft with much more content. Don't let me (already high) hours and join date fool you, I've been playing this game since November 2013, with at least 200 hours on console and 25+ hours on mobile.PROS:Great soundtrackNPCs that actually sell you useful itemsLiteral thousands of items to placehundreds of different armors and weapons to usemultiple diverse biomes with unique enemies20+ bosses with good item dropsCONS:Not very optimized for Windows 10 (not the Dev's fault)Some controls can be a little wonky at time10/10 
DeltaV7	Recommended	425.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Derta/	It's a great game! Get some friends and play it. Developers add A LOT of things (like 800 new items in the latest one) in every bigger updates
Kascin	Recommended	3,665.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/scientistB/	Oh gosh.Terraria. Ter-freaking-raria.Where do I begin?Well first off, I wish to write this because I LOVE this game. I also want to write this because I come across a lot of people who are like "u r dum, minceraft iz bettr." I even had a friend who, whenever I said the word Terraria, would correct me by saying "You mean, 2D Minecraft." Those are the people who probably haven't gotten past the spawning point. Yes, the basics of Terraria are rather comparable to Minecraft; you break trees, make a crafting station, build or dig a house, and go mining. Simple, right?That is, until you reach further into the game.This game gives you a reason to explore each biome. There's a massive variety of enemies, most of which drop specific items needed to make specific things. On that note, Terraria has over a hundred different enemies, while Minecraft only has a small handful. Most of Minecraft's mobs don't quite belong in a number of biomes either. I can understand spiders in jungles and forests, but not skeletons. Those belong in the desert (or underground where Terraria's skeletons spawn). When creating a home in Minecraft, the only thing that influences your opinion is your favorite biome. I tend to make homes in deserts because it's a lot easier to see and traverse. However, in Terraria it's a lot more than that. Each biome has its own unique music, as well as their own set of hazards. Here, I make my home in the basic forest biome because it has the easiest set of enemies. And, the trees are in the background and don't obnoxiously block your way or obscure your vision like Minecraft does. (If possible, in Minecraft I'd prefer to live on a mushroom island, which doesn't spawn hostile mobs and actually has a uniquely-spawning creature, Mooshrooms. But even those are so rare to find I don't even bother.)There's a ton of unique loot with each biome too. I know what you're thinking; Minecraft has jungle temples and desert pyramids as well. True, but I'm in no mood to trudge over vast lands just to find a jungle or desert that doesn't even have a darn temple because they're ridiculously rare. And even if I did find one, what's the point of looting nothing but bones and rotten flesh? The chance of finding gold, diamonds or emeralds in these chests is beyond incredible. Terraria's naturally-generated structures are guaranteed to spawn within the world, with the exception of the desert pyramid (but even that got an increase in spawn rate with a recent patch).I get it, Minecraft is full of dungeons and other things. I'll also admit that the loot you can find in dungeons and mineshafts is well-varied and has a good amount of surprise factor. I don't have a problem with mob spawners either. But it doesn't come close to the variety of Terraria's dungeons. Most biomes have an underground extension of themselves as well, each with their own different kinds of loot. Yes, a lot of items will generically spawn in any chest, like torches and coins. But each chest is guaranteed to have something of peculiar value; this could be an accessory, a new weapon, or potions (which are so ridiculously tedious to brew in Minecraft that my brewing stand is collecting dust). Furthermore, these special items also vary depending on the biome. Makes sense that I'd find an Ice Blade in the underground arctic. So like I said, while it's possible to get almost every good item in Minecraft while staying in a single biome, you need to explore almost every inch of Terraria's world to get the full adventure.Speaking of which: Terraria's sense of adventure is awesome. Each place you explore is always different from the last, with accompanying music to only add to the effect. One time, during my first playthrough in Terraria, as soon as I fell into the underground layer, out in the distance I could see the purple glow of Demonite through the darkness. As I stared at it, thinking "what the heck is that...?" the underground music started to play. In the trace-like part of the first few seconds of that music, a shiver went down my spine. I knew that this was going to be an awesome adventure. And let me tell you, it was. Exploring the cavern layer, raiding the Dungeon while fighting various angry skeletons, discovering shrines in the jungle and dying like a noob while trying to fly over the lava oceans in the underworld.The Dungeon has a huge sense of history. It has different walls, and different banners to indicate different legions that once inhabited the Dungeon. Only, there are still the average Angry Bones and Dungeon Slimes. Only after you defeat Plantera in Hardmode, a message will appear saying "Screams echo from the Dungeon..." Upon revisiting the Dungeon, there's a whole swarm of new enemies. As you learn, only specific types of enemies correspond to their different legions, only spawning within the walls of the legion they belong to. So basically, these centuries-old beings reappear because their angered souls are unable to be put to rest, causing them to haunt the Dungeon and attack you. And even after all this time of being undead, they still remain loyal to the legion they were a part of so long ago.Gulp, gulp... hold on, I'm drinking in all this atmosphere.You know what else I love about this game? The combat system. Yes, you start off with a really lame copper shortsword that does nothing but poke things. That's nothing compared to Minecraft's wooden sword, as the shortsword has an extremely limited range, and you can't really aim where to hit. You can also make a bow, just like in Minecraft. I will admit that Minecraft's bow makes more sense in the way that you have to charge it first before firing the arrow, while Terraria's bow can  fire every half second as long as you keep clicking. But Minecraft's combat just about stops there.I understand, even Terraria has simple upgrades of swords depending on what they're made of. However, many swords are different, such as the Muramasa and the Night's Edge. I'll also admit that most swords have the same functon; swinging around your character at varying speeds depending on the sword. But some of them have different effects. The Fiery Greatsword sets things on fire and glows brightly, helping to illuminate caves when you're out of torches. And others like the Enchanted Sword can fire a beam-like projectile, which can help if you're out of ammo on bows or guns.Oh yeah, that's right. This game has guns, by the way, and a multitude of different bullets, more of which are available the further you progress through the game. The same goes for arrows, because there's also a whole lot more than just a wooden bow. Once you make a repeater, which is a sharp upgrade to the standard bows, it makes sense to hold the mouse button and constantly fire arrows; because it's a machine, not a normal bow. Just as well, Terraria has a large amount of magic weapons, which are my personal favorite (Edit: Nope, Summoner weapons).Another thing, this game has so many challenging bosses. I know, Minecraft has some of its own as well. But the Wither is completely optional and nearly impossible to summon, and the Ender Dragon can only be fought by finding a Stronghold, which each world can only spawn three of, making it impossible to find. Terraria's bosses are usually in a set order as you progress, and they usually drop epic weapons... or items used to craft epic weapons.I just realized there's a character limit, so I'm gonna wrap this up now. Terraria is one of my favorite games ever, and it has succeeded where Minecraft has failed. I say it is certainly worth your money, especially since it's less than half of Minecraft's price. Some might say these games are too different from each other to be comparable. I've played Minecraft in its entirety as well. But if I had to choose, it'd be Terraria all the way.Why must I keep writing these walls of text?Just freaking buy it already. 
...	Recommended	192.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198009794989/	I Find it great due to:1) Bosses:They are awesome! They have a giant slime to a giant 3-eyed monster! It's so unique, creative and again, AWESOME!2) Items: Creativity at it's finest! I mean, it's great! I can't say much but all I can say is they are cool!3) NPCs:So many different NPCs! So many great designs! From your Guide, to a Tavernkeep, to a Drayad!4) GameplayI just leave this short because I could talk about this for DAYS, it's so cool!5) The Biomes:Now THIS is cool! From a red hell to a corrupt land, it's great!I could say more but I'll stop here.
KING CRIMSON NO NORYOKU	Recommended	675.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Monseis1/	Well, this game is beautiful, very good music, 2D Graphics that make this game more funny, infinite hours of fun, good bosses, items and NPC and this game isn't a copy of Minecraft
kelerQ NF	Recommended	315.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198258564388/	Better than minecraft.
∆ Psychotic Sushi ∆	Recommended	211.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/psymexsushi/	This is honestly one of the most addicting games I have ever come across. Never have I ever had a game that has captured this much of my attention. (Side note about myself: I get bored with games VERY VERY QUICKLY yet I played this wonderful game for so long)*cough* Back to the actual review :DTerraria is much more than just a "2D Minecraft", it is a gigantic adventure in which the player takes part in. There is so much to do, so many places to visit and ever so many items to craft! The 2D graphics are superb and welcoming, it gives some sense of nostalgia when you play.With different world sizes and character death settings, anyone can easily pick up the game and start playing.The bosses are a blast to fight and preparing for the battle is almost as fun as the actual fight itself! One of the biggest aspects of this game is the multiplayer: This game is so much more intereting when you rally up a group of friends and quest together!...If the multiplayer actually worked (x.x )I highly recommend this game to anyone who has $10! It is a true bang for the buck.I will end my review there since I do not want to make people avoid my review due to its length
kert	Recommended	175.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kertface/	>friend tells me to buy terraria to play with him>buy terraria>start playing the game with him>spent 12 hours the first time i got the gamegood game
mart	Recommended	721.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/rpfl/	The most used comparison for this game is Terraria/Minecraft. I shall explain the difference between Minecraft and Terraria (edit: terraria is better)Exploration-Minecraft- 3D world, practically limitless, several biomes, intresting underground areas.Terraria- 2D world, you can control the size, several biomes, deeper underground areas. Underground hosts greater and cooler enemies, treasures, cave systems, etc.Building-Minecraft- Limited supply of blocks, blocks take up lots of space, the few interesting blocks are impossible to get easily.Terraria- Hundreds and hundreds of blocks, blocks stack into higher quantities (M=64, T=999), blocks are easier to get.Combat-Minecraft- 3 bosses, 5 swords, and a bow. 5 types of armor. Not much variety for pvp, it comes down to whoever has a stronger weapon.Terraria- 29 bosses, Swords ranging from shortswords to nyan-cat projectile swords, ranged weapons, magic, summoner weapons, etc. Pvp comes down to who has the most manuverability.So Terraria has more good points then bad, when compared to MInecraft. So there. Shut up about this game being a rip off, you Minecraft-F-N-A-F-fanboys-who-will-rise-to-protect-"the-best-games-of-all-time".
guter_Junge	Recommended	112.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/guter2710/	The main thing you should know about this game is soundtrack 12/10,  its so amazing, even when you will be full of this game you still will play it because of soundtrack :D. By the way, don't be too mean and buy it(about 3-4$)Music is beautiful and changes depending on which biome/area we are in. Yeah! it has lots of music :)Lets go to the point body :It is a wide-open sandbox style game; we can edit the terrain and go anywhere we want to.The game starts in a randomly computer generated world. We start with three basic tools: a pickaxe for mining, a shortsword for combat, and an axe for woodcutting. Many resources, notably ores, can be found while mining or exploring underground caves. The player starts off with 100 health, which can eventually be increased up to 500 by finding special items (life hearts and fruit ones)underground. Some resources and most items may only be found in certain areas of the map, stored in common and rare containers, or dropped by certain enemies. The player uses resources to craft new items and equipment at an appropriate crafting station for that recipe. For example, tables or other items can be crafted at a work bench and bars can be smelted from ore at a furnace. Several advanced items in Terraria require multiple crafting operations where the product of one recipe is used as the ingredient for another.You can encounter many different enemies in Terraria such as simple slimes, zombies, demon eyes, and various region-specific enemies. The occurrence of certain enemies depends on several factors including time, location, random events, and player interactions. We can fight against enemies with swords, bows, guns, magic spells, and other weapons. Each map will have several zones with unique items and unusual enemies.To sum everything up: gameplay and musical design is so great. You will be an idiot if u had some money to spend and and didn't buy it.50/10 worth playing.
☮Thankful☮	Recommended	508.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/NotThankful/	Yeah!Wooden armor!OooBetter iron armor!OooBetter armor still!Look! I found a spark stick!OooThis Ruby staff is better!OooA Lazer gun!OooIt became useless after hardmode!OooHardmode!OooUnicornsOooI found a new ore!OooThis ore's better than the last oreOooThis ore's even better!(Ten hours later)Man, the moonlord is such a pushover! I'm bored.*Restart*OooWooden armor.(Completely accurate gameplay)
Fancypants™	Recommended	1,812.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Fancypants101/	This game is amazing, I must say. It was hard to get into at first, but once I figured out you need to talk to the guide to figure out the basics I had an addiction for a while, to say the least. This may seem wierd, but it's like everytime I get on Terraria, it feels like there's ALWAYS something more to do. From FIghting, to farming, to building, to fishing, to mechanics and wiring, to exploring etc. This game ceases to amaze me. And not to mention they're still updating it and adding stuff! My personal favorite game, by far. DEFINATELY worth a purchase.
xSlace	Recommended	582.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198043564727/	Such an amazing game at such a low price. The developers are amazing and keep pushing out free updates that keep you entertained for even longer. If you like awesome fights, building and exploring, definitely buy this game!
JKizaru	Recommended	197.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/JorgeKizaru/	10/10would stop eating for a week again
Preserved Gherkin Richard	Recommended	950.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mastodylan/	Bad game. No content.900+hrs/10 would spend years playing again.SRS TIEM:2D Platformer with a STRONG emphasis on crafting and character progression. Almost infinite replayability, amazing COOP, challenging bosses, beautiful soundtrack, recently updated/currently supported, loads of achievements...I honestly couldn't recommend this game more.Better than Minecraft. Paved the way for Starbound. Referenced in many other titles.BUY THE DAMNED GAME ALREADY!
electronics	Recommended	1,078.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/hhhhhhhhhhhhhmmmmmhm/	After one completion of this game, which takes anywhere from 60 to 200 hours, the first thing you want to do is play it again. I find myself playing through this game over and over again every few months. The game is content heavy, as well. With most games, if you get an item called, for example, a christmas tree sword, it's usually just for decoration or something. But in this game, you can get a christmas tree sword THAT IS ACTUALLY A SWORD MADE OUT OF A CHRISTMAS TREE. The game is long and every moment of it makes you excited for the next one. All of this for just $10! If you value your time, don't get this game. But if you value fun, then you should buy it ASAP.
Squire Grooktook	Recommended	79.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/PURESEXCELLENCY/	Terraria is a pretty interesting hybrid between a metroidvania style adventure and a Minecraft style sandbox/building game. Once you start the game, you're immediately dumped into a huge randomly generated world with no idea what to do or how to do it. You really have to explore and figure out how things work on your own, which gives it a really oldschool and immersive feeling at the cost of being a bit time consuming and difficult (unless you look things up in a strategy guide, as many older players had to for certain rpgs, ha ha).Progressing through the game requires the player to explore all the various aspects of the game. From building a base, managing items, and fighting enemies, you'll have to do a little of each to reach each of the games bosses, which will award you with the tools to further explore the hidden reaches of the game world such as the fiery underworld or hidden fairy tale land. Each of these elements is fairly well executed, with combat and platforming being an eon above Minecraft and its ilk even if it's still somewhat clunky by most 2d standards. The rpg, building, and sandbox elements are also well done, allowing you a lot of options in building and a host of ways to customize your character and world in the long run.The game also has co op and PVP. With the huge assortment of weapons and bases to build, there's definitely some interesting potential for pvp tomfoolery. Having multiple friends all building, exploring, and cooperating in such a massive world can also be immense fun.Terraria is very much do-it-yourself type of game. Whether you want to completely teraform your world, build it for multiplayer, or simply make it to the end and defeat the final boss, you'll have to be pretty self motivated in your goals since nothing is really pushing you forward to do any one of these. As a Metroidvania/Sandbox hybrid rpg, it makes for an interesting breed of old school roleplaying. Some players seeking excitement and progress may ultimately grow bored once they've seen all there is to see, but working your way up to that point is definitely an interesting, if time consuming journey.
Phillip	Recommended	290.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/theMysteriousQualityofLife/	 Price For only 10 USD, this game provides a ton of content that is well worth more than the price of 10 USD Specs./PC Requirements Requires very minimal power until you have to defeat the final boss.I personnay run this on 45 fps and I have defeated the final boss Content It has the basic priniples of Minecraft, gather resources, survive, and defeat the bosses, but Terraria has something that makes it a very well known title. Terraria has thousands of accessories, has a crap ton of armor to choose from and a very wide variety of resources you can use for various uses. Don't like singleplayer? Well, you don't have to be alone. This game offers multiplayers so you can have friends join in and do whatever you want. From mods and glitches that can't get you Vac'd, I don't see why you don't have this game.Updates are rare but are big ones if they are released. The community has a great positive mood, I personally haven't experienced any trolls and negative players. Conclusion Just buy the game and be creative!
X_Noob_Doomester_X	Recommended	459.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Noob-Doomester/	Buying this could be the greatest decision you will ever make in your life.*FTW, I can't stop playing it... I need help *sob*Do not think about delaying the purchase.
Svalbaz	Recommended	114.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/svalbaz/	Better than Minecraft. This game is fantastic.
Trumphy	Recommended	227.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/JamalGS/	Terraria can be either very simple, or very complex!  It's a very, very fun game.  No, seriously, buy it.  Now.  You will not regret it!
DrGrodd	Recommended	289.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/DrGrodd/	Still my favourite game of all time!
coldgarden	Recommended	451.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198108102278/	This game has more depth than some games I've paid $60 for.  I liked it so much that I also bought it on PSN.  (I've neen playing it there).
Conan the Vegetarian	Recommended	495.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/conan_the_vegetarian/	The good Plenty of stuff to do.  On a straight playthrough, there is probably 10-20 hours of content to get to the endgame for a normal player.  There is plenty of other stuff to explore and build Sandbox game Graphics are well-though out and simple, with a relatively clean feel that I like in this style of games Multiplayer is fun if you can find people to play with Relatively simple fighting mechanics, but enough variability in weapons and playstyles to keep the game interesting Simple systems in the game (wiring, sloped blocks) are easy to learn but have interesting mechanics if you prod at them a lotThe bad Early game is slow Endgame is either difficult or slow if you aren't playing with friends Item management is a mess No steam integration (will change with 1.3 update) Gets boring if you don't have a specific goalVerdictBuy if you like sandbox games and have friends to play with.  Terraria goes on sale frequently for 50-75% off.  Don't buy if you need a story to appreciate a game or can't stand grinding for the first hour or so in game.
relational aesthetics	Recommended	166.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/quesaJdilla/	very good building gam. the only thing u cant build is ur self esteem after sinking one hund hours in this game
_minimalist	Recommended	2,094.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198102768234/	Just look at the amount of hours a ton of people have spent. That's how you know it's a good game.
Time Freezer	Recommended	169.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/frankamr/	A great game, but a tough start. I didn't really like it in the beginning, but it turned out to be amazing.
Dadelous	Recommended	56.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/dadelous/	Thing to do in terraria if u finished the game 1.make better buildings2.make pixel art3.play in server4.play with classes5.make a secret room6.make a boss farm 7make automatic farm8.play the game again9.do challenges with your friend (if u have one)10.repeat all you've read and you'll never bored
Effitz	Recommended	369.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/effitz411/	A relaxing game to play alone or with friends; sure to last for a long time. Well worth the price.
Lady Zana	Recommended	205.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/LadyZana/	I have not yet reviewed this game, but I have the feeling that I should. Having +-150 hours into terraria, I can gladly say my money was well spent as I bought it on a sale for just $2,50. The game costs $10 (or 10 euros for me) at full price and I feel that even at $20-$30 this game would still be very much worth it.This game has, since the beginning, been promoted as a 2d minecraft. To be honest, I actually believed that...Until I played the game myself to find out that it is nothing like MC. In minecraft, it is all about being creative and building, whilst in terraria it's more about exploring, getting resources and upgrading equipment to fight epic bosses (to get more epic gear).GAMEPLAY: the gameplay is very enjoyable. The game starts out a bit slowly, as you have NOTHING at all, except for a sword, an axe and a pickaxe. With those tools your adventure starts to find resources, to explore vast caves and to build a (relative) safe shelter/house/castle/whatever :p. There is a lot of progression to be found in this game and I find it very rewarding. Having finally found enough ores to upgrade your equipment, you can fight tougher bosses. You don't need to go through all the equipments though, if you just want good gear rightaway, good luck fighting your first boss without any armour and (with a bit of luck) a few bombs/shurikens ;). There are also accessoiries to be found in this game (like wings, hermes' boots - aka speed boots...) that really increase the fun! After your beat the WOF (wall of flesh), hardmode starts and difficulty increases. You'll find new bosses, new equipment, new ores etc. Be careful though - when hardmode is triggered, there is no way back!YOUR WORLD "LIVES": You may be aware of it or not, but when you enter your world, you automatically have to deal with the crimson/the corruption. On normal mode, this is easy controllable, but on hardmode, things can get wild. So better keep your shelter(s) safe from it, because otherwise your NPC's will despawn.NPC's: this game has a lot of NPC's that spawn under certain conditions. You'll need a shelter/house for them in order to enjoy all the goods they sell (seriously, some of them sell amazing things that you absolutely want to have!)MUSIC: this game has some good soundtracks. They change according to where you are (each biome has its own track), or whether it's day or night, you're fighting a boss etc. Even after all those hours I still did not get bored of these enjoyable soundtracks.GRAPHICS: some enjoy them, others don't. I personally think they fit the game really well.So, again, I HIGHLY recommend this game. It offers great fun for countless hours. With friends it becomes even more enjoyable, but singleplayer is amazing too. The only negative point about this game is the "lack" of things to do. With this I don't mean there's not enough content, but you'll have to set your own goals. There's no questsystem whatsoever so you'll just have to explore the game yourself and see which hidden treasures you can find.If I had to rate this game, I'd give it an 8.5/10PS. make use of the wiki sometimes, it can provide important information! :)
Seven	Recommended	68.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SevenTF2/	I believe they did a very good job on capturing a 2d indie styled action/adventure. Its smooth, every boss is different and the multiplayer is cooked to prefection, recomended to anyone who likes a challenge and likes games that get harder as you go on. Good luck in Extreme mode, its a wild ride....
Calamity	Recommended	1,135.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198061419526/	As someone just surpassing 1000 hours, i dont feeldone with this game. i always have someway to try something new, something i havent experianced since my early years of gaming, and its 2D makes it extremely unique, definetly worth the pay.
Stun Lethal	Recommended	46.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Gg9912/	Note: to see this review in its true form go to http://wildwoodgeek2.blogspot.com/2014/03/game-terraria.htmlTerraria, This game is one of my TOP games of all time. first i want to compare the game to the uber-famous Minecraft. i know, i know they aren't the same but a lot of people seem to think they are.First you need to realize what kind of game Terraria is. it is NOT a game where you build epic cities (well,some people do) its more based on combat,crafting,exploring, and fighting epic bosses. Terraria seems to do a lot of the stuff Minecraft does but better. Combat is way more fun and there are at least 50 weapons in the game. from Shark-powered guns to spear and TNT sticks. There is Magic with all kinds of spells. you can get special ammo for you guns, like one that tracks your target. and there are ROCKET launcher! need i say more? Combat in Terraria is fast and fluid (and a little bit gory). Players can fight PVP or PVE.  and one of the best parts in Terraria, Bosses. These large hostiles range from rather easily to insanely hard, making Co-op and almost must to finish the biggest Boss. and even when you defeat the most powerful enemy in your wold, The Wall of flesh, you aren't done. on the Walls death your world is overcome with even more powerful enemy and several new tougher bosses. needless to say this will keep you busy for a while.Now, Exploring in Terraria is better to me than Minecraft. i can't really explain but Terraria's underworld and caves feel more random and different than Mincraft Caves. also with some many different biomes there really is a lot to discover, like a mushroom biome or a jungle or a giant bee hive. Terraria has a simple feature that makes exploring easier and more fun, and that is real-time torches/lighting. by this i mean that you can just hold out a torch without placing it and it will light the way. (it makes me feel like Indiana Jones). later in the game you can get a miners helmet that lets you use your weapons/gear without having to place lighting. the liquid in Terraria is more life-like, because liquids don't spawn an infinite source they can and will drain away if you make a hole or pump it all out.Terraria has a lot of neat little features like gear, you can get wings,jetpacks,measure tools, and more. one of my favorite items is the ivory whip. this allows you to cling to walls making it a lot easier to climb and build. another fun thing in Terraria are the NPCs. these guys/gals will move into Empty homes that meet the requirements, and then sell you items like weapons,ammo,gear,blocks,wires(more on that later), and even Party items.another epic feature in Terraria is the wire system. it is what it sounds like. a red-stone like system that allows you to control pumps,lighting,traps, and doors. The Wire system in Terraria has some better features that Minecraft. you can put the wires anywhere and they are not visible unless you are holding a wrench.And even with all these features and with a second gaming be made the Devs still update and fix bugs in Terraria. Terraria is well worth your $15.
TheHydrusProject	Recommended	266.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198119276911/	THIS IS NOT A MINECRAFT CLONEThis is the best 11 dollars I have ever spent I have played 200+ Hours of Terrariaand thats nothing I still havent even seen half of the stuff this game has to offerthis game is so much fun if you are on the fench about buying the game just go for it Terraria manily about dungeon crawling and boss killing and it does a great job at itthe amout of depth to this game is insane there is so much to do in this game and that is whatmakes it great!GO BUY IT
Zinnia	Recommended	2,724.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ZinniaAsclepias/	Love this game so much. I bought it while it was on sale for $2.50 which is like less than the cost of a meal nowadays, but, as one can probably see, gave me many more hours of enjoyment than any meal could have. The amount of content and hours of enjoyment in this game make me feel it's worth well more than the full $9.99. There's something in here for everyone. If you like fighting, there's a large variety of weapons to choose from to defeat your enemies. Or you can be more like me and build systems of traps and summon minions to do all the killing for you. If you like creating stuff, there's tons of different building blocks and decorations and paint to make your creations beautiful. If you like destroying the world, EXPLOSIVES. If you like collecting pets, the bug catchers net will let you collect all the little critters in the game. And so on. Oh and there's Multiplayer for people that like that too, I don't really touch that much because I'm forever alone, but it's there!10/10
Novak	Recommended	232.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Dark_Novak/	Fun game, and since you can keep playing after you beat the "final boss" to activate a second stage of the world, with 2 new biomes and new enemies/bosses, you have hours of play time in the future! And the new update just increases what you can do!
Ohead	Recommended	1,148.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198174623342/	How does Re-Logic fit so much content into this game? And absolutely none of it feels bland or done before. All of the bosses are completely unique. I have never played another game that has me fight 2 mechanical eyes. I love how, in the begining, you can't break into certain blocks, so you must unlock specific parts of the world as you play, and the enemies and bosses get tougher as you get more powerful. Unlike other games, this one gets better as you progress. So, if you played a little bit and hadn't defeated any bosses and thought this game sucked, try it again. Put in the effort to just defeat the first boss.
Alpea Lucario	Recommended	221.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198152451572/	If you think its just a clone of MINECRAFT, then something is very wrong with you, and you clearly haven't played it. (in MC you throw ender eyes as a sense of direction to dungeon to get to the end, Terraria you did to hell).It is strongly based on adventure instead of just digging a hole in the ground. Think of it more as an adventure RPG than a digging game.Has many references to other things (such as Legend of Zelda, Mario, Tobuscus, and more).EXTREMELY fun with a friend or multiple.Would recomend twice.
Stadarooni	Recommended	143.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/stadarooni/	Boy, I remember buying this game when the 1.1 update came out. At that point I thought it was a well-done game, but when 1.2 was released, this game became one of my all time favourites. To get things out of the way, this game is definitely inspired by Minecraft. It takes its elements such as mining, exploring, fighting monters at night, and crafting (along with others), but turns to dial to 11. The part of the game that feels the most "Minecraft-y" is when you start off in your world, but after that point the games true colours will start to show through. For clarification, I'm not here to compare this to Minecraft (which I still think is a great game), or even bash it. I'm here to tell you why you should buy Terraria, so let's get to that.First off, here's a few questions: Do you like sandbox games? Do you like games that have a retro 2D twist to them? Do you like playing with friends or by yourself? If your answers were yes, or in the the case of the last one either of the answers, then you might as well have just already bought the game. Not convinced? Ok then.In Terraria, you start off in a forest, with measly copper tools. It's your job to build a shelter before night comes, to build better equipment, and to start mining. As I said earlier, this is where the game feels the most like a 2D Minecraft, but stick with me. Later on you'll gain NPC's which all provide unique services (such as a merchant, or a nurse), and realize how expansive the game really is. Thought that forest you started in was too cliché? Well, wait until you encounter the fiery depths of the Underworld, the blood-curling Crimson, the barran Desert's, or the monster infested Dungeon. These all have their own unique identity in terms of both looks, monsters, and geometry. Think zombies, slimes, and demon eyes are all pathetic losers? Well, wait until you fight an army of Goblin's, a horde of Demon's, and even a legion of blood-thirsty Snowmen. Hate your dinky copper equipment? Wait until you rock a full suit of Shroomite armour, weaponized with a sniper rifle and a rocket launcher. Where you end up in this game is amazing, the journey even more so. I could NEVER give the game justice when it comes to describing how much content and variety exists, so go take a look at the Terraria Wiki. Actually, experience it for yourself.In terms of sound, each monster may have a growl or roar or whatever, but to be honest it's not something you'll really notice. The music though, it's quite amazing. Each envirnment has its own track, which creates an atmosphere you would expect out of a boss battle, a desert, or a snow forest. As for the graphics themself, the game has a very nice retro appeal to it, which is very charming and nice to look at.Progressing however is where the games structure, and even some of its faults start to show up. Progressing through the game involves you killing bosses, which are all unique challenges by the way. You evetually reach Hardmode, where your world transforms with more equipment to get, more monsters to kill, and more bosses and events to fight. However, once you kill a boss called Plantera the games main problem shows up: You need to grind. Now, to be fair their currently isn't a whole lot more progressing at this point, but getting the best equipment can take you a while. Actually, it could take you a shorter amount of time, or even a longer amount of time. That's another problem here: The RNG. There's only a certain chance some items will drop from slain monsters, which is also another issue with the game. Luckily, developer Re-logic is currently working on some more balencing changes, which should be helpful when the endgame update comes out.Oh yes, the developer. Re-logic is amazing when it comes to making Terraria. They listen to their community and regularily keeps in touch with them, and all the post-laucnh content for the game is FREE. No DLC. No micro-transactions. All FREE content. And even though the main dev at Re-logic wont be working on the game anymore after the next update, the game will still be developed for however long it will be.So, in short, Terraria is an excellent game. This review itself does NOT give the game enough justice for just how great it is. For $10, Terraria is a grab. Even the problems I listed above shouldn't minimze your enjoyment of the game, as you'll still have fun throughout your journey. Not every game needs a AAA budget, or a great story to be amazing. And that's Terraria. A 9.5/10 from me, in it's current state (v. 1.2.4.1). When 1.3 releases I'll be sure to edit this review as well.
Dixie Normous	Recommended	419.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/JennaTools/	Everytime you go mining, a bat will knock you into lava. Everytime you build a house, a bat will knock you into lava. Everytme you try and do anything productive THE ♥♥♥♥ING BATS WILL KNOCK YOU INTO ♥♥♥♥ING LAVA...........10/10 would rage quit again.
MisterXYouth1	Recommended	129.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/DarkMageYTSteam/	Great game! 10/10Its a great game with many things to do!I've spent over 100 hours in this game and I have still not done everything in my world.Don't get me started with the Great Developer's regularly updating.I Recomend this game to EVERYONE....Such a great game.
Tmwr	Recommended	146.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/xxtmwrxx/	Knock-off of minecraft but in 2D form? I think not! Battle monsters and bosses of all kind. Take on challenges to get achievements. This game gives you everything you could possibly want! It's not an easy to play game but that a good thing because you get lots of play time trying to beat that boss that just won't give up. If you want a 100+ hours of gameplay in one, really nicely crafted game, play Terraria.
VOTEKICK	Recommended	11.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/gigitmeister/	Played for hundred of hours years ago, very good memories with friends in multiplayer,Back at it today, but with toons of mods adding millions of items and extra features to the original game, really a great game made with love.
Baker John	Recommended	394.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/brycey10/	Difference between Minecraft and TerrariaTerraria has over 300 weapons without mods, Minecraft has 6Terraria has an advantage of not getting lost becasuse of it being 2D despite Minecrafters say that makes it badMinecraft has 2 bosses Terraria has 29 bosses including IOS and console and event bossesTerraria has 21 ore Minecraft has 8Terraria has 55 sets of armour on PC and 42 on console and IOS Minecraft Has 5So It is nothing like Minecraft
Fyrus	Recommended	132.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mpfyrus/	don't shift click to try and equip itemsi regret my decisions
Zone	Recommended	181.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/blackzone11/	I would recommend this game to anyone who loves adventure, building, and battling.
JiowLah	Recommended	451.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jiowlah/	Better than minecraft
Revo1ution	Recommended	268.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jro1311/	Amazing game that I cannot recommend enough. The game has so much content in it, and the developers are very generous. They have not added a bit of paid DLC, and instead added new content through updates, which is the way it should be. The game contains over 3000 in-game items and around 350 different kinds of enemies. The game is also only $9.99 and goes on sale for around $2.49. For the price the developers are asking it is a steal. Terraria is just a great game and I recommmend it to anyone.
Velocifaptor	Recommended	76.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/FapperRaptor/	75% of time spent with Goblin Tinkerer. I now know the names of his future grandchildren, the way his mother conceived him (described in incredible detail) and the meaning of life. 10/10
on a Fridey night	Recommended	299.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/homealong/	For almost a year I didn't enjoyed videogames and they felt empty until I got to playing Terraria because it was the fastest game to download and install in my library and oh boy it made me fall in love with videogames all over again.The game is divided into two games, Pre-hardmode and Hardmode and honestly the pre-hardmode part of the game was actually the most difficult and may really turn off people, you start with a sword that can barely poke enemy slimes and then you learn the game mechanics by dying several times and then some more, you learn how to prepare how to make the game easier by choosing your gear, what to do where to go and so you reach the last boss only to reveal that you actually just completed the tutorial and the real game just started. You make your way trying out new weapons, making arenas, planning out strategies and builds and before you realize it you are already farmed the real last boss 14 times, the game never runs out of content to offer, when you think you have seen it all the game will surprise you with more content that was on your nose the whole time, while the last update was quite some time ago the game is planned to have more updates that will add more depth to the game as a whole.It quickly grew on me as one of my favorite games really, it's a shame I have been sleeping on it for years
Pixelated	Recommended	294.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/thegreatorgood/	I have been playing Terraria ever since 2013 or so, and I honestly love it. The game has improved ever since it has started, and what was first a so-called "2D Minecraft Rip-Off" has become a fantastic game. Here are some pros and cons:ProsA ton of weapons, armor, and accessories that all have fun ways to useImproved multiplayer (If you have played the game as long as me, you know what I mean)A variety of NPCs to help you advance through the gameAmazing designs for... pretty much everythingBosses that are always fun to defeat with your friends or even by yourselfAn extremely active community of other playersAchievements that are fun to getConsWithout the use of the internet, the game can be extremely confusing for beginnersYounger players will have a hard time spelling the actual name of the gameUpdates take a long time to put into the game, so if there is a bug in the game it will take a while to fixThe game has been hacked by annoying players countless timesSo, overall, I would give this game a 9/10. This game is well worth buying, even if it is a little expensive.
Business Cat	Recommended	4,923.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/happyfaic72/	If you like to live in isolation and never speak to anyone this is a 10/10 choice. good way to waste your life to it. buy it now. it's not a ripoff of minecraft. just so you minecrafters know, minecraft was based off of infiniminer. but terraria is like, the best thing ever, so buy it now.  11/10 sprinkles of magic disney dust (actually made of skeletons)
Sly BluePaw	Recommended	741.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/BluePaw/	Can't believe I haven't made a review till now.Before achievements, I couldn't get into the game. I just felt bored right off the bat with no clear goal of what to do next. I barely played it back then.After achievements, I was getting into the grove of things. Face boss after boss, victory after every defeat, and discovered a lot of new things I never noticed or came across before. Granted there was a massive update when they added in the achievements.I find it more fun than Minecraft as it gives you challengs to do when you explore and the difficulty rises the more you go, while Minecraft there's not much to do after awhile but build creative things. Minecraft is more for multiplayer while Terraria is good for both Single and Multiplayer. (I'm talking about vanilla).One down side is that you can sorta cheat your way with some of the bosses using the game mechancis to your advantage, but can be viewed as strategy for a few bosses. Another is when you're building something and an event starts by chance, you have to defend yourself or shelter away till it's over. You never know when they'll happen, just know how long it'll take. Sometimes events will happen one after another (blood moon and solar eclipse for example).The soundtrack is okay, but after awhile you'll just want to have it off throughout... it just feels a bit out of place to me and I don't know why.There are adventure maps you can download and play from the terraria forums (outside of steam) if you want to try something new or see what other people have made.Good luck doing 200 fishing quests. That'll most likely be your last achievement to get.-----Check out more games I see that deserve more attention from my curator group:BluePaw's Underrated Games ListJoin and/or follow if you wish.
CutieSpice	Recommended	103.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/toxxievg/	Terraria.This game.Oh lord, where do I start?I think I'll start off with the fact that this game is more addicting that drugs.In the distant eye of an onlooker, Terraria would most likely be described as a "2-D Version of Minecraft". In reality, it's so much more than that. Terraria provides a large world the explore, tons of monsters to defeat, NPC's to befriend, loot to gather, a constant stream of upgrades, loot, and progress.There is always something to do in this game, and it'll most likely benifit your progress in some way or another.The soundtrack is amazing, the graphics are very charming and gives the game a "SNES" style to it.If you bring some friends along for the ride, it's even better! The boss fights are amazing, and well designed. Teamwork will play a huge key if you're playing with your mates.Doesn't matter if you're going solo or have assembled a band of merry heroes, Terraria will have something in store for you from the Eye of Cthulhu to the Moon Lord (Even after that).
Wełbatim	Recommended	481.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/DogiWOW/	It's great! After having a bit of time spent on this game i can't say its bad.You can do almost everything you want.You can fight bosses, mini bosses, monsters and murder other cute creaturesYou can build everything if you at least have some creativity:IRL buildings ✓Giant fantasy structures ✓Famous people ✓Paintings ✓For me this game is one that I won't foget about. Just play it and try it yourself.
Cabandadan	Recommended	105.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/cabandadan/	Dangit! I got an enchanted sword
MrJoshua	Recommended	78.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198072133948/	Best $10 I've ever spent. 
MrJoshua	Recommended	78.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198072133948/	Best $10 I've ever spent. 
SuperFist915	Recommended	87.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SuperFist915/	great game, runs in potatos, and you can ride a unicorn.
BeerMeJesus	Recommended	303.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/BeerMeJesus/	Great game barely ever get bored playing it 9/10
nevis	Recommended	168.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/neavys/	The most fun I've had in days.
-Neb- Tealise	Recommended	488.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/tealise/	If you haven't heard of Terraria I don't know where you've been. it's easily one of the best games in it's genre. With an incredible amount of content plus having been supported by countless free updates. It's more fun then you could ever imagine a 2D procedurally generated world to be.
Vipoerx	Recommended	94.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198116211804/	I ignored Terraria for a long time, because i was playing MineCraft back when it was starting. Figured it was just 2D MineCraft.But, this game is so much more than 2D MC.This game is definitely worth getting, but you may want a friend to help you figure out what to do.This game hasPetsLights-that follow youMineCartsmany ArmorsMany WeaponsMany DyesMany Bosses (the high tier ones are a pain)Many walls and tiles to build a house with.A good bit of Decorations. 
moon	Recommended	198.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Moonshiba/	One of my most favorite games i've ever played. The progressing in this game is simply amazing and soooo much fun. Finding or crafting new tools, weapons and other fun stuff just feels so great. Watching your world change with every slain boss, adding new items, creatures or in-game events, makes this game truly worthwhile. Much fun, very wow ~
ApolloMB2	Recommended	841.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ApolloMB2/	Pros:-Huge ammount of content, without mods(mods are great)-Great replayability-Fun with friends and alone alike-Free updates with great content both for the casual and more involved crowd-Dev team is beyond incredible-Low priceMixed:-Newest updates exchanged accesibility on low-end devices for increased visual qualityCons:-Some may find the begining to be slow-Relies on RNG for enemy item drops, making it difficult to obtain them without grinding at timesFinal words:An incredible package that will certainly entertain anyone who is willing to jump in. Recommend to buy even at full price.9/10
FinnDiggle	Recommended	984.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198338243811/	Opening up for the first time:  "Eh, it's okay... Not much to do."900 hours later:  "This is the best game I've ever played."
Arceus99	Recommended	1,969.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198166073829/	DO NOT install junk jack! this is WAY better!! it has 14 bosses, 389 weapons, a total of 3646+ items and is cheaper than both minecraft AND junk jack!
georgeyhere	Recommended	108.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198040607225/	I've put ~200 hours into this game (not accurately reflected by steam play time) and all I can say is that this game is one of the best games I've played. Rather steep learning curve at the beginning, but as you delve deeper into the crafting, fighting, and exploring, you'll realize that his game is a real gem. Six years later, and this game is still a masterpiece.
ScorpioTheConqueror	Recommended	143.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ScorpsTheScorpio/	Terraria, Terraria, Terraria. Old old Terraria.I used to play this game with my sister and my friend on my server, it appears I played almost 140 (138) hours of this game and it was pretty darn good.Terraria is a sandbox sidescrolling indie RPG with a lot of crafting needing to be done but it is NOT a Minecraft copy in any stretch of the imagination, no no no. To some, it could even be better.Terraria features a huge amount of enemies, items and bosses all of which are incredibly designed. It also features funky 16 bit style music which is pretty awesome.First off and perhaps my favourite feature and the reason I love the game are the amounts of items, there are so many magical items almost all doing something unique and different such as a harp which sends out musical notes to attack your enemies or a wand which shoots out a beam which you control with your mouse. Let's just say the designers are very creative fellows indeed. Next off and my second favourite thing are the incredible amounts of bosses! From a giant worm to Cthulu's old eye, there is no limit to the amount of randomness and awesomeness you can find in this game.However, Terraria still has it's flaws. And one flaw is very big and slightly game ruining to me and why I don't play anymore.There is a large amount of grinding involved. Certain enemies drop certain items (Skeletons and Piranhas used to/still do drop hooks, but only Skeletons and Piranhas) and some have very low drop rates. Again, this might have been fixed. However, that was merely one floor amongst many positives.Back to the positives: One thing I forgot to mention was the housing system. Whenever you make a compatible house (You can't just make a random crevasse and expect it to work, you need to create a proper actual house) an NPC will move in, but only after you complete the achievement which will earn the NPCs respect, such as kill a boss which I think you needed for the Dryad. There are many, many NPCs for you to get and they all sell different things and say funny things, especially the Nurse who seems to have a crush on the Gunslinger, but again nothing is done with that. Don't expect cute Guide X Dryad crap to happen, sorry shippers. That'd be cool, if couples could actually happen or you could spy on the conversations between two or more NPC's. There is a huge amount of enemies to battle from flying eyes to unicorns, they're all unique and it'll take you a lot of hours to get bored and want new enemies, and not to mention the amount of hours you can put into this game is INSANE. It'll take estimated 200 hours and over (Don't quote me on that) to see every little tiny bit of content, if not 300 hours. But once you're done with that I'm not sure if you'd want to come back to it.And finally... The combat system. It's very basic, especially melee wise. But once you get late into the game you'll find all kinds of unique swords and magic items that'll mix everything up.And the final verdict for Terraria is... 6.5 out of 10. I feel bad for not ranking it higher, but the grinding (and the fact that it's not really my kind of game altogether) causes it to be a 6.5/10, which is a 'great game!' to me. Until next review :) Bye!
Yinyang0504	Recommended	197.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/yinyang0504/	For people looking for a minecraft ripoff: Leave now.Terraria is a pretty good game, it's got great bosses and nice gameplay. There's always something to do.It gets better when you play it with a friend. Whether you both suck at the game or not, fun is abound.Pros:+ Original enemies and bosses+ Nice graphics+ Smooth gameplayCons:- Less smooth gameplay when playing online with a friend- Extremely rare drops are the bane of your existence now (farming is tedious)
Unlivd-box	Recommended	1,080.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Boxinside/	you can Enjoy the fight, the scenery, the joy, the sorrow,in this game。
Dr.RubricArc	Recommended	758.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/DrRubricArc/	Better than Starbound. 10/10
Fireweasle	Recommended	46.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Fireweasle/	Terraria is a great game that can be played solo but is great when playing with friends.
Ababob	Recommended	260.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198071187560/	day 1-gets "sad copper pickaxe," "zealous copper shortword" and some other tool-spawns next to some guide named scott-scott falls into a mine, gets trapped-tries to mine tree-takes really long time-starts getting assaulted by green slimes-freaks out-tries attacking with shortsword-barely does anything-eventually kills it-finally mines tree, builds square out of wood with door, calls it home-uses spare wood to make crafting benchNIGHT 1-sits in house in fear, zombies and flying eyes trying to break in-guide mauled by zombies-waits until daytime-opens door-is killed by zombies11/10. OVER 3,600 ITEMS AND INFINITE GAMEPLAY POSSIBILITIES. CAN WEAR A FURSUIT. RAINBOW GUNS AND RAINBOW BIOMES. BUY IT RIGHT NOW.
『Xzit』dak1ng ♛	Recommended	37.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Just_xzit/	You can be a werewolf riding a unicorn while shooting rainbows from a gun.10/10
Kenny Hart	Recommended	289.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198056699015/	Amazing 10/10 would bang.
Prince Daimao	Recommended	44.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197977972477/	The only problem with Terraria is that the multiplayer conectivity is not as easy as you might think. The creators should make an easier system to host and play with friends online. Other than that, great game with a lot of awesome stuff. HARD at first, but not boring as many people say. The problem with most of the reviews is that people focuses on graphics and things that are not really gameplay issues.
SkeleMann	Recommended	262.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SkeleMann_/	This game might be one of the most fun and creative games out there, and it vewy vewy cheap too!You get set in random generated world (don't worry its not bad like Nms) and you get to explore around, make a cool house or base!Tons of bosses, fun multiplayer, diffrent tier-modes, creative monsters and items and after so much time its still being updated!A new Terraria game is coming 'soon' but don't let that hold you off from buying this game![TIP: Be as creative and open as possible when building stuff and find a playstyle that fits you the best!  (Also don't spoiler yourself too much) ]9.5
SteveMcCrow	Recommended	2,574.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198062875437/	i love this game. its really fun because it has so many rescorces, so it is like a never ending game
MinnKota	Recommended	52.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198133227045/	This game is an amazingly action packed super fun game to play by yourself or with friends! I recommend this game for everyone on steam because its just that awesome. Buy it and you wont regret it :D
skiddy193	Recommended	798.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/skiddy193/	Let your creativity let loose! :DTerraria is a game that requires learning in the initial hours, because after you create your character and world, you will be unaware of the dangers that'll come in the following night. The guide may hint you torwards your next objective in the some what obscure story. You progress by collecting new weapons and armor and defeating bosses but the real game starts  when you use your creativity to make buildings, monuments and just about anything the 2D universe can allow.Apart from being a procedural sandbox, this game is also a deep and intricated RPG. There is a vast number weapons, armor, potions etc. to be crafted, found or bought, which helps you fight off various and colorful enemies, mobs and bosses. By progressing through the 'story', you get access to new items, blocks, weapons and armor to play with.There is also multiplayer which allows for PvP and PvE modes, but the IP based connection may take a long time to initiate a game online. I would have enjoyed it more if there was a steamworks integration.Since it's release in May 2011, the game has recieved many updates that have not only made the game more accessable but also added tons and tons of new items to play  with. So the conclusion would be is - If you  love sandbox games, adventure games,RPGs , online games , 2D games - then this game is definitely for you. If you do not like those kind of games then you should definitely give it a try :) My rating is a 9/10
Kenny Hart	Recommended	289.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198056699015/	Amazing 10/10 would bang.
Prince Daimao	Recommended	44.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197977972477/	The only problem with Terraria is that the multiplayer conectivity is not as easy as you might think. The creators should make an easier system to host and play with friends online. Other than that, great game with a lot of awesome stuff. HARD at first, but not boring as many people say. The problem with most of the reviews is that people focuses on graphics and things that are not really gameplay issues.
Cthulu's Eye	Recommended	109.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198266994599/	You can dig to hell faster than gravity while racing with falling lava.You can fight giant eyes in reversed gravity.You can walk across the ocean and kill jellyfish with a cyborg dolphin from the edges of space that shoots bullets at the speed of light.You can kill giant plants.You can fly.You can fish in the lakes of islands resting on clouds.You can do figuratively  everything. Just buy it.
Autumn	Recommended	598.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/danielbandicoot/	Terraria is one of my favorite games of all time!Graphics look very good. Every biome is colorful, looks different and overall looks very nice. And before you say it's pixelated i am not talking about resolution, i am talking about how it looks and is pleasing to the eye.Gameplay is more in a straight line. In Minecraft, you do what you want, but you follow a set path, iron, diamonds, nether.... In Terraria this is expanded even more, because of bosses, hard mode, and new ores.Controls are very good. This is a game that was meant to be played on PC, and it feels like it, which means playing with a controler is not recommended. Anyways, everything feels smooth, and the control will work in more peacefull situations, like building a house, and in boss fights and other times where fighting is a must.Another amazing thing about Terraria are the classes. If you play alone, you can use what you want, but you can adapt to one of the classes - melee, gunner or mage. This comes very helpfull in multiplayer, when in other games everyone wants the best weapons, here everyone plays with only weapons and armor of his class.There are also some bad things in Terraria. One thing is you can't have an infinite world. Don't get me wrong, if you select large world it is pretty large, but even then you can run out off chests, or you may not get that pyramid in your world which isn't very good. Luckily you can play with your character on other worlds, but you have to leave all of your structures from the other world.Another thing that can be stressfull is mining for ores, especially the end-game ores. To craft armor, you need around 50 ingots, and for every ingot you need 3-7 ores. This can take a long time, especially if you're playing multiplayer and everyone wants armor, but someone has to do other things than mining.The last bad thing is that items you can buy are very expensive, so you must make a gold farm, or sell all of your freshly mined ores to buy them.Overall, Terraria is a fantastic game and if you have time to play it, there shouldn't be many problems. And if you become bored of the random worlds, different biomes and play styles, there is also a ton of mods, or custom maps to try.TLDR:Terraria is a really well made 2D Sandbox game.If you like sandbox games, there is plenty of stuff to do, like building and decorating.If not, you can still go through the game, keep progressing, getting better equipement and defeating bosses.If you are interested in both of these, then Terraria is a game for you!
Carlotta	Recommended	281.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/CS28/	 Terraria is a fun game if you like building stuff and just exploring the world. Great game if you want to play with friends! :D
Paradox	Recommended	421.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/suppahotparadox/	Run around, pickaxe stuff, make armor, build some stuff, listen to that sweet jam, defend your castle made of carboard boxes, then unleash the ancient spirits of good and evil then kill the mother♥♥♥♥ing moon god. It's not minecraft.8/10
S4mmYx ⁶⁴⁸ᵏ	Recommended	762.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/S4mmYx/	It's good! :D
bigh ◢ ◤	Recommended	136.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198035285721/	"The best 2D sandbox game out there. Like minecraft as a sidescroller"In this amazing sandbox game you will loose several hours. It's always fun, when you dig through caves, build houses for NPCs or farm some raw materials like mushrooms, wood and plants. There are neverending possibilities to combine items, ores and materials. That keeps it everytime interesting. It's a sidescroller but that doesn't mean, it's not exciting. Survive the night with walking zombies and flying demon eyes. Fight enemies and deny traps and use them for yourself. Be ready for well prepared dungeons. Fight incredible bosses and goblin armies. Dig down through hell or build up the eiffeltower with stonebricks. At least there is the hardmode which opens another bunch of items and possibilities. It's too much to discover, so that there is even a wiki out there: http://terraria.gamepedia.com/Terraria_WikiThe game is fully worth its price. If you play with your friends together in the same world the fun is more than doubled.Update: The new 88 achievements in the 1.3 version make it even more challenging to tryout the hardmode and rise up the complete  techtree. A new boss has been added: the Moon Lord.Just grinding were those fishing achievements ...
TheCardOfAce	Recommended	120.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/DwightKSchruteActingManager/	Outstanding game.
LightESC	Recommended	247.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Lightesc/	While i was hesitant to pick up this game at first, it has provin to be very enjoyable.The first time i played it I was.... less then interested.Terraria is not very intuative. And I found myself wondering how to do the simplest of things.It took a while for me to get into the mechanics of the game. But after the initial noob phase I was starting to enjoy myself. I found that (and this is my personal opinion) Terraria is a lot more fun if you have someone to play with, Even if it's just every once in a while to keep things fresh and new. (and to help tackle those pesky bosses)Now with nearly 200+ hours into the game I still find myself starting it up and seeing what trouble I can get into, what new things I can build, and secrets I can discover.+edited for correct spelling+Review Update. 11/24/2016And now with the new content update theres even more fun to be had by new players and veterans alike..
Chips Dubbo	Recommended	65.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/chewablefigmo1/	It is way better than Minecraft
Punk-Odyessy	Recommended	456.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TheSentinelOfOne/	I built a house.Out of candy.Then honey.Then hell itself.+1
[MNI] Illidan	Recommended	148.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198166766515/	fun game almost failed my exam because of this
Problematic Storyback	Recommended	245.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ScrewTheRuleIHaveMemes/	I should say that the game is well... considerably large and very long if you wish to pursue a 100% Game.But all in all, Terraria is actually quite good when it comes to difficulty gaps and I should say that Terraria has its Ups and Downs, though the gameplay makes up for it. Its simply a 2D Platformer Sandbox Survival game that makes you shape your world like Minecraft, but more so on a limited 2D sidescrolling plane. The bosses are some of the big parts of Terraria because they pretty much can be fought out of order or at any given time. For example: you can fight one boss out of the optional order of bosses for more of a challange. There are even optional bosses that may not be required to be defeated, but can be defeated for either the fun of it or for the rewards the optional boss gives. The one thing that I like about Terraria is the fun of exploring, fighting enemies along the way, and shaping my world so I can have my ideal vision put on display. All in all, Terraria is quite the game and I do recommend it a lot if you are a fan of 2D Games, Survival Sandbox Games, or any Games that would fit your agenda of the day or week. 10/10 but I have some objections, but I'll let those objections pass. 100% Recommend it.
BouS	Recommended	204.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/BouS_ST/	better than minecraft hah
snova0112	Recommended	1,342.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198179796955/	start hardmodeaccidentally spawn a queen beego to the hallowget killed by gastropodsgo back to the hallow{summon king slimeobtain souls of lightcraft a key of lightsummon a hallowed mimicaccidentally spawn a queen beeget killed by the mimic} repeat until you defeat the mimicobtain the daedalus stormbowgo back to the hallowobtain unicorn hornsaccidentally spawn a queen beeget killed by gastropodsgo back to the hallowobtain pixie dustcraft holy arrowscheese the destroyercraft hallowed armorcraft the megasharkdefeat the twinssummon skeletron primerun out of nighttime while fighting skeletron primeget instakilledragequitcome backaccidentally spawn a queen beesolar eclipse has startedget killed by eyezorsget killed by eyezorsget killed by eyezorssolar eclipse endssummon skeletron primeaccidentally spawn a queen beedefeat skeletron primecraft a pickaxe axemine some chlorophytemine some more chlorophyte because it takes six ores to craft one barcraft a shotbowaccidentally spawn a queen beecraft chlorophyte armorsearch for plantera bulbscontinue searching for plantera bulbsget boredplay some minecraft hunger gamesaccidentally spawn a queen beecome backfind a plantera bulbspawn planteraget killed because you we're like five tiles above the underground layer and she enragedaccidentally spawn a queen beefind another bulbactually make an arena like a bossdefeat planteraobtain the leaf blowerthe leaf blower is trashaccidentally spawn a queen beehang out in the jungleobtain a jungle keyobtain the piranha gunthe piranha gun is trashaccidentally spawn a queen beego to the dungeonget killedget killed againget killed againget killed againget killed againaccidentally spawn a queen beeget killed againget killed againget a rocket launcherthe cyborg shows upbuy some rocketsblow yourself upblow the cyborg's house upbuy an autohammercraft some shroomiteaccidentally spawn a queen beecraft the shroomite digging clawthe shroomite claw is broken but you can't reforge it because you're brokeget more mushroomscatch a truffle wormdecide to fight duke fishrongo to the oceanforget that you have to fish the truffle wormdesperately chop down a palm tree and craft a wooden fishing polesummon duke fishronaccidentally spawn a queen beeget absolutely butchered by duke fishrongo back to the dungeonget killedget killed againobtain a tactical shotguncraft some chlorophyte bulletsget some mushroomsaccidentally spawn a queen beecraft more shroomitecraft shroomite armorcraft a hoverboardsummon the frost moonall your npcs are killed by elf coptersget killed by elf coptersmove away from your npc prisonget killed by a santa nk1kill a santa nk1obtain the chain gunBWAAAAAAaccidentally spawn a queen beeBWAAAAAAAAAArun out of chlorophyte bulletsgo back to the jungleget more chlorophytecraft more bulletscraft the endless musket pouchuse the pouchdefeat an ice queenobtain the snowman cannonaccidentally blow up the entire worldaccidentally spawn a queen beethe frost moon endsreforge everything because you have money nowgo back to the templeget killed by trapsget killed by trapsget killed by trapsget killed by trapsget killed by trapsfinally reach the main room of the templeget killed by trapsaccidentally spawn a queen beespawn golemdefeat golemhear good things about the picksawspend ten hours defeating golem until you get the picksawobtain a styngerobtain an eye of the golemcraft a sniper scopebuy the steampunk wingsgo to spaceaccidentally spawn a queen beeget killed by wyvernsgo back to spacefind a martian probestart a martian invasionEVERYTHING KILLS YOUTHIS WAS A BAD IDEAbuild a safety boxdefeat some saucersobtain a xenopopperobtain an anti-gravity hookobtain a cosmic car keyaccidentally spawn a queen beego to a mushroom biomespend two hours trying to catch a truffle wormlook up truffle womrs on the wikicraft an invisibility potionfinally catch a truffle wormaccidentally spawn a queen beego to the oceansummon duke fishronforget to use your buff potionsdefeat duke fishron with five hp remainingobtain a tsunamihear about the fishron wingslook them upthey have a 1/16 drop chance"oh, forget that"summon the cultistaccidentally spawn a queen beedefeat the cultisthead toward the vortex pillarget killedget killedget killedget killed"maybe the fishron wings were a good idea"get killedget killedget killeddefeat the pillarcraft the vortex beatercraft the phantasmspend five minutes and all your cash reforging themget them both to unrealdecide to upgrade some of your accessoriesdefeat the other pillars (not without getting killed like twenty times by nebula floaters)impending doom approachesmoon lord spawnsaccidentally spawn a queen beeget killed by the death raycraft a stardust dragon staffbuild an arenacraft a celestial sigilsummon the moon lorddefeat the moon lordnotice that you forgot the buff potions againnotice that you also forgot to switch from your pouch to the chlorophyte bulletsobtain an sdmg craft vortex armoraccidentally spawn a queen beeKICK THE **** OUT OF THAT BEE, FOR YOU HAVE BEATEN THE GAME."that was fun"watch some other people play terrariathey accidentally spawn some queen bees"what's this 'expert mode' thing I keep hearing about?"to be continued.﻿
Boonatix	Recommended	98.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/boonatix/	I got in touch with this game through accident. I was looking through new streamers on Twitch and discovered someone playing it and just took a look... and got hooked. I was never into Minecraft or anything like this, but the "retro" flair of the game caught me by surprise. And so I gave it a try... and am totally into this game since 2 weeks now, even set up my own server for people to join while I am streaming :) If you first start the game you can be overwhelmed really easily as there is so much to learn. The learning curve is pretty steep. It is best to just start running around, digging through stuff and get a feeling for the world. But then you should definitely look for the Terraria Wiki to read the first Walkthrough and understand the first things you need to get going in this game: Housing and Crafting. Once you get the hang of it, it is actually pretty straightforward. There is just a lot to do.The game gives you the option to start worlds either small, medium or large in size, and to define the difficulty as normal or expert mode. Within the world you are playing you can than even unlock the so called "Hardmode" - this happens after defeaing several easier bosses, and unlocks even more, harder bossfights and better loot in your world. I recommend you start up with a small world set to normal to not get frustrated. If you set your world to expert, the mobs have higher lifepools and hit harder - but you get better loot from them.If you settled in you can basically start building whatever you like with the materials you gather. You can craft all sorts of bricks, walls, tiles, workstations, furniture, weapons, armor etc... from the ressources you collect. And whatever you can imagine, most surley you can build it! A castle in the clouds? No problem! A palace made out of ice? Sure thing! Dig deep down to the depths of hell to set up a demonic empire? Terraria got you covered!
bananaman	Recommended	63.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198303695387/	For anybody thinking that it is a Minecraft copy, you are absolutely wrong. This game is much better than Minecraft and is completely different. Also, before you play 5 minutes and give up because you do not know what you are doing, look at some of the guides on steam and look at some youtube videos to familiarize yourself with the game and the mechanics of how it works.
SamiSha	Recommended	224.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SamiSha/	Nominated for the "Test of Time" award and "Just 5 More Minutes" award.
Calcite- a.⍦	Recommended	160.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ochvadvilldu/	CURRENT PLAYERS / PEAK TODAY/ GAME670,916 •  785,910     -Dota 2456,220 •  515,932-Counter-Strike: Global Offensive78,064  •    98,987-Terraria71,564  •    78,349-Team Fortress 255,374  •    62,210-ARK: Survival Evolved51,804  •    52,209-Trove47,111  •    61,098-Football Manager 201546,903  •    52,098-Clicker Heroes43,034  •    46,632-Grand Theft Auto V39,010  •    47,264-Garry's ModTop 3 on steam, do i need to say more?( source: http://store.steampowered.com/stats/?l=english )
Sprilly	Recommended	225.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/sprilly/	Terraria is a sandbox, RPG, action, etc. 2D game. It does it's thing very well. I haven't noticed any UI bugs, or ones that I have, are fixed almost instantly after the patch is released. The gameplay it provides is not only smooth, it is addicting and fun. The combat system in the game is perfect for me, and a lot of others. There are so many enemy types in this game that are not copy paste, each one does their own thing and has their own weaknesses & strength's Example on the kind of enemies you could come across. Normal walking/running enemies, that have a soul objective to charge you until death. These may include enemies like the zombie or skeleton.As there are other enemies who will do the same thing, but in a different way (So not everything is copy/paste.). Like the slime enemy type, which come in many varieties, which will bounce towards you. Or the spider enemy type, which will walk on the ground, but can also climb on the walls to get to you quicker. Just to name a few.In the world of Terraria, there are alternate versions of almost everything. What I mean by this is, each world you have will not be the same. For example, there is a 50/50 chance when loading a world to have the default version of something, or the alternate. Such as the music that plays, there are different tracks for the same biomes, just depends on what random one you got. Or for textures on things like, grass, and trees. Also things like ore, in a default world you would have Copper as your basic ore, but in an alternate world, you'd have Tin as your basic ore. What this does is really expands the play time someone can spend in Terraria. Allowing a single person to play the game over and over, and never have the same experience. Below the surface are loads of blocks, dirts, ores, and more. Ore like Copper, Tin, Lead, Iron, Silver, Platinum, Gold, Cobalt, etc. And blocks like normal dirt, clay, stone, mud, cobwebs, and so many more. You need these ores to make your weapons and armor. You can find treasure deep underground, that holds many valuable things. You can increase your maximum health by finding Life Crystals underground.The weapon range in this game is massive. You even have magic weapons, like spell books, and mana weapons. There are also bows, swords, pickaxes, axes, guns, lazers, cannons, familiars, and so much more.PROS+Loads of content for hours of game time.+Great combat system.+Smooth gameplay, that's easy to slip into.+Provides a good challenge.+Fun and creative boss battles.+Amazing side events that you cannot resist.CONS-No infinite world option.-Still no easy way to download mods/texture packs.Overall rating: Is about a 14.5/15 (Must Own!)
ThesaurusPG	Recommended	222.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/thesaurusPG/	This game is highly addictive.  There are way more items and things to do in the game than you would assume when you first start playing it. I recommend this game to anyone who is into exploring, building and of course boss fights. 
newslippinjimmy	Recommended	108.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/newslippinjimmy/	Still fun after all these years.
๖ۣۜClementine	Recommended	362.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TTV_Clementine/	A While ago i found this game kinda boring when I got it because i was a noob and thought everything was hard back then but once you play it more it'd be one of the best games in your library and i totally recommend it and think its best to play with multiplayer! i give this game a 5/5
Move Like Oscar	Recommended	793.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/D1313/	There's a sword that shoot cats and each time they bounce there is a "MEOW"
Rafsterman	Recommended	951.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Rafsterman/	*As of version 1.2.3*Terraria is one of the best selling games in the Steam store and it came out 2011.All you do is well kinda like Minecraft, mine, craft and fight but its in 2-D.Re-Logic knew that Minecraft was boring to most people and that the mobs were just to simple to kill so they decided to make a crap ton of enemies that go through walls, shoot at you, teleport to you and you know what, thats AMAZING. There is over 100 enemies to fight and there is over 10 bosses to fight so they will bring the difficult up.If you didnt notice already but if you questioned who is that girl staring at the bunny beside these words well she is the Dryad who sells nature-like things like a dirt rod, a magical rod which you can move dirt (useless). There are over 20 NPC but only 19 NPC can be in 1 world (i dont know why but go with it) and if you want them to spawn, you must complete a certain objective which you gotta ask the guide which is beside you when you 1st enter a new world. Once you completed the objective, you have to build a house thats 6X6 with a door,table,chair,walls, and a `light source`.There is a LOT of weapons to find categorized from ranged to melee and magic to summons.It is recommended that you make at least a wooden sword during your 1st play. Many of the items can be found by killing a mob. NOTE: the Slime Staff is currently the hardest item from a mob (1/10,000) and it can be dropped from the most common enemy in the game, a slime. 60% the items you need are dropped from enemies and if i were you, watch out for mimics, for they are desguised as chests but if your near the chest it will expose and lunge at you with its teeth.As you progress through the game you will need armor which if you wear a full set,you get a set bonus which is really helpful.Theres 1 problem about multiplayer and that is when you play on a new world server, many people tend to hide items that they arent suppose to have, either their too scared to actually leave their good stuff that they didnt get leget or they wanna be idiots by playing the game cheap.I give this game 9 out of 10 due to the popularity and the little greifers in the Terraria community.
Rafsterman	Recommended	951.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Rafsterman/	*As of version 1.2.3*Terraria is one of the best selling games in the Steam store and it came out 2011.All you do is well kinda like Minecraft, mine, craft and fight but its in 2-D.Re-Logic knew that Minecraft was boring to most people and that the mobs were just to simple to kill so they decided to make a crap ton of enemies that go through walls, shoot at you, teleport to you and you know what, thats AMAZING. There is over 100 enemies to fight and there is over 10 bosses to fight so they will bring the difficult up.If you didnt notice already but if you questioned who is that girl staring at the bunny beside these words well she is the Dryad who sells nature-like things like a dirt rod, a magical rod which you can move dirt (useless). There are over 20 NPC but only 19 NPC can be in 1 world (i dont know why but go with it) and if you want them to spawn, you must complete a certain objective which you gotta ask the guide which is beside you when you 1st enter a new world. Once you completed the objective, you have to build a house thats 6X6 with a door,table,chair,walls, and a `light source`.There is a LOT of weapons to find categorized from ranged to melee and magic to summons.It is recommended that you make at least a wooden sword during your 1st play. Many of the items can be found by killing a mob. NOTE: the Slime Staff is currently the hardest item from a mob (1/10,000) and it can be dropped from the most common enemy in the game, a slime. 60% the items you need are dropped from enemies and if i were you, watch out for mimics, for they are desguised as chests but if your near the chest it will expose and lunge at you with its teeth.As you progress through the game you will need armor which if you wear a full set,you get a set bonus which is really helpful.Theres 1 problem about multiplayer and that is when you play on a new world server, many people tend to hide items that they arent suppose to have, either their too scared to actually leave their good stuff that they didnt get leget or they wanna be idiots by playing the game cheap.I give this game 9 out of 10 due to the popularity and the little greifers in the Terraria community.
LAVOS | L4V0S	Recommended	397.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/lavostoe11/	Terraria is a 2D sandbox adventure game that is just full of life. More fun than Minecraft, Terraria offers endless enjoyment exploring caverns and fighting giant bosses in a beautifully pixelated world. More or less everything you kill has a chance to drop rare loot, this keeps the game exciting and keeps the player equally as full of anticipation to see what lies ahead. Bosses are plentiful, from your humble-begininnings fighting the Eye of Cthulhu right up to the epic battle with the Moon Lord! The lighting and physics are just gorgeous, especially for a 2D game, and the sprites are excellent. Terraria consists of four main classes one can play, the Knight, the Mage, the Ranger and the Summoner. My personal favourite being the latter, there's something inherently satisfying about letting your army of minions tear your foes apart whilst you sit back, throwing in the odd spell or handful of bullets. Speaking of spells and bullets, the range of weaponry on offer in Terraria is unreal, there's literally hundreds of tools a player can use to do their dirty-work from a severed zombie arm to magic weapons that shoot rainbows/ bees/ bubbles/ skulls or meteors, among tonnes of other things! Armor is plentiful too, acquiring a new suit that you've farmed or grinded for is very satisfying, plus it allows you to face tougher foes and aquire even greater loot! On the topic of grinding, there is spots in Terraria where it's best for the player to grind out enemies or mine lots of a certain ore to progress, but it's far from tedious, kept fun by the sheer amount of enjoyment just playing this piece offers. If the game is  too  easy for you, you can give expert mode a shot. This ramps up the difficulty, fairly, and offers even more superior loot if you're able to bring down the now punishing bosses and enemies. Terraria is the first game I bought here on Steam and it still holds a place in my heart for being incredible fun, even more so with friends. You  need to play this game!
Furious Pete	Recommended	40.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/NickRye/	Scroll back up and buy it.
Chickenbutt	Recommended	337.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198082215401/	Really enjoyed game.  Great to play with friends or by yourself.
ManaN	Recommended	111.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kabramanan/	One of the best games on steam which i think everyone should have, it's simple , create a home, explore the world , mine ores to make useful tools and fight awesome monsters.
Roman The Commie Perogi	Recommended	649.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198397251857/	I have only cried twice in my entire life.Once when I was born, and once when my potato computer died, and I couldn't play terrarirar. I have poured too many hours of my sad, lonely, and pathetic life into this one game (500+ hours) and I don't plan on stopping on pouring any more into it until I die
Extaasi	Recommended	692.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/vekaplays/	This game is on sale, Like every month. If you can get the game for 5$, it's cheap [I mean it] and in 2$ you MUST buy it.i would pay 20$ or 30$ for this awesome game. so all guys who read this Buy it!
Teh Haxor	Recommended	596.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/MrOmgWtfHaxor/	Need A Reason To Still Play This Game?You beat the final boss and now you thing you're done with Terraria? Well think again. There are plenty of mods that can breath new life into this classic game. You want more bosses? You got it. You want more weapons. Easy. Also most important thing of all. It's MUCH better with friends.PS: I Personally recommend Thorium, Prefixes for Enemies, and Calamity Mod. There are many more however these are the ones I am the most familiar with that bring the most change.
leah	Recommended	214.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/leahdk/	yeah
ToxicGoddess	Recommended	180.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198020752573/	Definitly recommend this Highly addictive Game! Tones of awesome armor/weapons/items to use! Epic Boss Battles too!!
Orangism ❀	Recommended	219.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Orangism/	I built a suspiciously phallic base as a joke. The NPCs decided it was a good place to live, and I extended it into a suspiciously phallic hotel. A very successful suspiciously phallic hotel, at that. If you can't tell already, the game is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome and if you don't agree, you suck.Seriously though. Terraria is one of the best games that I've ever played, and for ten dollars, it's impossible to go wrong. Buy it, learn the ropes and then play with some friends. You will not regret it, especially if you like creating things and/or looting everything in sight/stealing from your friends/destroying hordes of enemies/spelunking around caves/pulling invasive weeds that want to kill you/exploring.(Please do not let the sidescrolling element deter you. In my opinion, it's what makes this game great. Imagine mixing Super Mario and Metroid together to bake a cake, and then adding Minecraft on top as the icing. Delicious.)
HOLLOW INSIDE.	Recommended	310.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/theemperorrr/	Product received for free
Falgorr	Recommended	421.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Falgorr/	11/10 would play againthousands of items, countless hours of replayability. what more can you ask for with $10?
Crazed Rabbit	Recommended	279.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/a_lovely_fellow/	A very fun and in-depth building/exploration game. The early game is pretty bland and boring but after a few hours of playtime the game gets very interesting. Getting your first mount, making a cool outfit for your character, crafting that epic armor set you've been mining/grinding for, catching a super rare loot drop while fishing, getting that item drop you've been farming the boss/mobs for hours to get. All these will be one of the most satisfying things you've ever experienced.14 different bosses with unique mechanics and loot drops. There's also expert mode which adds new boss mechanics and a new loot drop for every single boss.And much more! All this for 10 euros, with the game frequently going on -75% sales. Just buy it already, and watch the hours fly by.
Temperance	Recommended	231.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/WingedPoet/	:|: HIGHLY RECOMMENDED :|:I enjoy Terraria for  many  different reasons.  (The updates are free)  Everything you see is destructible, which is fantastic! I love landscaping the worlds, and building awesome housing for my NPCs. It's exciting to break through a wall I could not get through before, because I didn't have the right gear/powder to remove that tier of material. The more you explore, the better equipment you can craft or  find . As well as discovering underground biomes you didn't even know the game had , and recreating them in a different location to harvest the materials or just decorate with !However, I would have to say the main reasonI like Terraria is that it's one of the most evolving games I have ever played. I started playing it shortly after release on my boyfriend's account and enjoyed it, yet felt many things just... weren't quite right. I quit for a little while because Oblivion and Skyrim had completely captured my gaming interests at that moment, and the PS3 controller is just so much easier to use. This last year I began playing more Terraria, and really I like what the developers have done with the game. It took a lot of time to adjust, and a lot of research into what had changed and how to properly manipulate everything (which I still have yet to do, but look forward to).There is a lot to learn, that is for sure, but the game is so much fun. Once you've read through a few  short, well written guides (or intro videos, easliy found online), and have found a few useful items to help you properly maneuver through the worlds of Terraria, you will likely find something that peaks your interest. Don't forget you are  not bound to the ground , there are Flying Carpets, Clouds/Storms in a Bottle, Umbrellas and Balloons that help you  fly  , as well as Wings later on . There are many goals in the game, but no exact order to complete them in. In every tier there are better materials to build & craft with & more dangerous playing areas available to you.I find something new in this game literally every day! Terraria never fails to amuse and surprise me, I highly recommend this game to anyone interested in building, landscaping, exploring dungeons, multi & single-player boss fights/mob fights, random world generaters, zombie survival, open-world sandboxes... or pretty much anything!  EVERYONE SHOULD BUY THIS GAME! It's worth the price, and often goes on sale.  
Give 'er The Beans	Recommended	591.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/giverthebeans/	It's a good game.
"The Lunatic" Wolf-fighter	Recommended	1,387.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198015019180/	10/10 one of the best games ever. it has nearly no limits, you can do nearly everything in it. building, fighting, fishing, exploring, digging , collect stuff (for ppl who like to collect every in game item) make pvp fights (or play pvp games like capture the gem) the only thing some ppl may not like is that terraria is 2d , i personaly like it but some people need it 3d to build stuff. and to everyone who calls terraria a 2d minecraft: PLS DON'T EVER say terraria is a 2d minecraft,  terraria is way more focused on the crafting and fighting. you have different classes, tons of items more. and grind... ofc you have to farm for your stuff. thats the main aspect of the game TO GO DIGGING UNDERGROUND, exploring finding stuff and mining your ores. and if you had the strong stuff in a few minutes then you would complain that you are to fast done with everything lol. notice terraria OFFERS you that you build alot stuff and that♥♥♥♥♥♥ but the main aspect is the mining and grinding for items in this game. the only thing minecraft has over terraria is that mc is 3d. if you just want to build stuff in 3d play minecraft. but thats the only thing mc has. mc is extremly limited and has way less items then terraria and even if terraria is 2d you can still build tons of awesome stuff
Fear	Recommended	332.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ZeanDan/	After 177 Hrs I will give it a review.So I started like :-Make a character-Make a world-Kill harmless animals-Chop some trees down-Build a house-Die at night time-I thought I was brave enough to face all the monsters-Die-Die-Die-Die-Die-I felt sad since I couldnt kill any enemies.-I went mining-I died of boulders-I was raging-I went on to kill more harmless animals-I felt guilty-I mined more-I got good gear and a nice sword-I tried facing the monsters at night-I killed them all..-I felt like I was the best-I summoned Eye of Chutulu-Die-Die-Die-I killed it after loads of tries-I felt even better-More mining.-I got down to the "underworld" , Which took "Hell of a lot of time ;3"-I melted-I was killed because my feet were on fire.-I got Hellstone-Better Stuff-Killed a ton of pre-hardmode bosses-I hated Wall Of Flesh-Entered Hardmode-Die-Die-Die-Destroyed altars..-Ghosts (Wraiths) were after me-Tried to call ghostbusters... No response-Die-Mined new cool ore-Better stuff-Hardmode bosses-Even better stuff-I took down all of the mechs-I tried Duke Fishron-Die-Die-Die-Die-Killed him-got gud-Got cool stuff-Raided jungle / dungeon-Got sniper rifle-360 Noscoped a bunny-Felt MLG-Tried moonlord-Die-Die-Die-Die-Die-Die-I killed him-I felt soo gud I tried expert mode-I regret that decission... a lotWelp.. that is where my story ends..Hope you will like this cool game ;)
Wom	Recommended	419.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/BuyNoMansSky/	Fun fact : its possible to like both minecraft AND terraria 
Random Kid	Recommended	1,085.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198088092712/	Amazing game! Really fun and has hours and hours of gameplay!
Random Kid	Recommended	1,085.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198088092712/	Amazing game! Really fun and has hours and hours of gameplay!
POOONANA	Recommended	40.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198079971924/	one of my favorite games ever get this game and you will be playing it for weeks it is so fun better than minecraft!
Muleskull	Recommended	1,948.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198083085760/	Hmm... What can I say about Terraria? It's a great game! Everything from the Soundtrack to the gameplay itself makes this one of the best games that I have ever played. The developers are awesome and the community is great. It's easy to meet new friends and just jump in and play a game with people.  I've made over 200 YouTube videos of Terraria and it feels like I'm just getting started. You never run out of things to do in this game and I highly recommend adding this one to your collection. It's frequently on sale on steam. All in all, I would give this game a 10/10!
#`GHo$T .. !™	Recommended	1,042.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/The-Gh0st/	DAMN !! THIS GAME IS SO FKEN GOOOOOOOOOOD .. BUY IT NOW  :D
Digital_Blauwk	Recommended	162.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Digital_Blauwk/	Terraria is a fun 2D survival platformer that is filled with enough content to last a lifetime.
webbie4k	Recommended	72.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/webbie4k/	well this game is awesome!!!!!
Monica Egilsdatter	Recommended	212.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/DiscoPotatoEnjoy/	1-Funny to play with friends!2-Many items and mobs.3-And have fun!10/10
Kazray	Recommended	1,709.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198043000377/	This game is one to be remembered. With full engaged Battles, PvP, and Online capability. This game allows you to build and create to your hearts content. Meny things to explore, meny Battles to be fought and things to discovered. this game covers all ends of what we love and enjoy. In my opinion this game was remembered for its enhanced music and memrable bosses. including the enemies. Meny weapons the we love and enjoy, such as the Star Fury, Blade of Grass, Sunfury, Magic Missle and the harpoon luncher. The days where we felt that embraceing into these things helped us better enjoy our selfs. Once again this is a magnifecent game. Congratulations Re-Logic.
Star	Recommended	17.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/LordStarlix/	Terraria, this game may not be Crysis or Battlefield but its take on a quriky colourful art style makes it enjoyable to look at! The game can not be compared to Minecraft as it is hugely different. Terraria was the foundation for Minecraft. People who support Minecraft are just fanboys who are to afraid to admit when there precious game is beaten. Anyway enough of Minecraft I'm here to review Terraria. Straight away as you launch this game you will realise that it is not a building game and focuses on adventuring instead. There are hundreds of Boss Battles and adventuring to be had in this game. The buidling is still fun and enjoyable though so don't be put off! The Multiplayer is really fun and building and surviving with friends is where the game really shines with friends. If you haven't got this game I encourage you to pick it up wheter if it is on sale or you choose to purchase it for the $10 its worth it.
Champ	Recommended	42.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/marko-polo/	potentially the worst game on steam
weeb retard	Recommended	110.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/despacito6988/	it took me 50 hours to just get to hardmodeim proud of myself
Duke Nukem	Recommended	809.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197962357486/	If you like a 2D sandbox to craft and battle in; this is it.It's the gift that keeps on giving. Here's hoping 1.3.6 will land soon.
hamoody22	Recommended	789.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/hamoody22/	How have I never reviewed this with this many hours? Terraria is my favorite game, ever. There is no comparing it to minecraft, at all. If ur wondering whether or not to buy this, the answer is absolutely. You will NOT regret playing this amazing amazing game. You better go and buy this immediately.
SilkyMilky	Recommended	290.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/poopisyummy/	In my opinion Terraria is one of the best sandbox games evermade.
Nebula #1	Recommended	220.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/carcinogenic/	This is the best 2D game I have ever played <3
FiBiE007	Recommended	232.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/fibie007_de/	UnprecedentedI don't know man... I think it is time to dedicate a little nice words to this awesome game. It may not seem like it, but you can do a hell of a lot different things in this game. Firstly, i was scared off by the graphics, but no, it's actually one of the key selling points. So much detail, what you haven't expected. It is just very nice to see how the Terraria everyday life goes on and how many things you can discover. It just has this great addiction factor. I don't want to describe every aspect of the game, but what i really want to say after years of playing is that Terraria is one of the best games ever created. An absolute 10/10.
Interritus	Recommended	27.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/speetonurgoat/	Terraria; the simple 2D sandbox game. Before you say it, this is NOT another Minecraft clone. There are 100s even 1000s of differences between the two games. If you're down for more than just building then Terraria is the game for you. Not only is it a sandbox mode game but it's filled with adventure. You start off by building your world and then you're slapped into this beautiful 2D world filled with flowers, trees, bunnies and more. You need to not only build a house to survive in but you need to build a house for NPCs to come to your world so that you can buy guns, bombs, get heals, etc. As you get more and more geared up you keep taking on more and more bosses. With the addition of the 1.3 patch a lot more content got added to Terraria so there's more to explore and more bosses to kill. You can even up the difficulty if you're up for a real challenge. If you love to be creative and have an amazing time adventureing then Terraria is the game for you. Terraria is a must have for ANY Steam user so why not buy the game for not only yourself but your friends. You won't regret it. You'll spend countless hours farming, building and adventuring all while you're in the good company of your friends- Insane amount of content- Great combat- Challenging bosses- Beautiful Soundtrack- Huge updates- Amazing art- Events (Pirates, Solar Eclipses, Slime Rain, etc)Final Verdict;10/10
Clanky	Recommended	724.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/clankyyy/	its not 2d minecraft,♥♥♥♥♥off
Thanadrax	Recommended	114.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/thyani/	Terraria?Good alternative for life, just like WoW.
ccook6459	Recommended	1,994.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198042279034/	Really can't beat this game. Tons of stuff to do, thousands of blocks and items, and since the return of terraria's creator, there's been continual updates.
fortsätt farfar	Recommended	612.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/gekkaw/	I spent a summer with a friend playing this game everyday for around 10-12 hours a day until we beat the Moon Lord, then we grinded until we had our respective End-Game armors Vortex for him, and Nebula for me. We built a few really nice things, and had alot of fun with the game 300+ hours later, the game has alot of replay value to me, trying out the different classes, making potions, hardcore mode, and hours of grinding. This game is not a 2D minecraft, it's a work of art. (Not saying minecraft isn't.) Overall it's a great game for solo and multiplayer with friends.
Matthew	Recommended	28.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/WiseChocolate/	Roblox is for childrenMinecraft is for menTerraria is for legendsTerraria is the best game ever created
KaminaEspurr	Recommended	1,921.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/KaminaEspurr/	It's alright.
applo	Recommended	397.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/applo/	As they said "Nothing is impossible"But you can't destroy Dirt with Axe.10/10
Games at Bad	Recommended	97.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/IllumiboyGames/	this is quite possibly the best sandbox game on steam period.
gog	Recommended	734.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/conurstrekuh/	Good game, good updates, good fun.DONT COMPARE THIS TO MINECRAFT
Gawdian	Recommended	260.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Gawdian/	Wenn ich ehrlich sein soll..Es ist einfach nur der absolute Hammer. Dieses Spiel..welches mit solch "begrenzten Mitteln" ein solches Suchtpotentiel entwickeln kann ist echt nur lobenswert. Mit dem neusten  Patch ist es noch umso besser geworden. Viele neue Items, Mobs, Bosse und vieles mehr. Wer es noch nicht besitzt sollte es sich unbedingt kaufen!________________________________________________It's one of the best games I've ever played. Also one of my favorites. I'm just addicted to it. You need to play very long if you want to see everything, and exactly that is one reason why this game is just awesome. There are many other things why I love this game but I've just one thing to say: Go and get it! Explore it yourself! Now!
SkippER	Recommended	46.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Skipper1374/	Why You are reading this? Buy the F#$%ing game it's awesome.
XX COME-GET-SOME XX	Recommended	33.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198133096963/	this game is very fun. if you dont have ocd then when you're done with this game you will
KaiThePhaux	Recommended	154.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kaithephaux/	Starts out like Minecraft, but don't let that deter you.  I came into this game thinking, "Yeah, this game isn't for me- it's not my style of game at all.  Ugh." and it turns into a really unique game later on.  Very fun, especially with friends.
[IG] porkchoppp	Recommended	29.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198094618652/	Just when you think you have discovered everything, you realise you have only just started.... This game blows minecraft out of the water in my opinion. The music is well composed and is always changing depending on which biome you are in, unlike minecraft  the map is finite, yes... but the amount of content crammed into that island is just amazing. The weaponry and magic items are created with incredible imagination and a bit of twisted, demonic humour ( my favorite sword being named " The demonic blood butcherer") I even came across an enemy by the name of tim, a dark caster in a cavern. After a bit of research i confirmed my suspicions to tim being a reference to "Tim the enchanter" from Monty python and the holy grail. This game is an absolute 10/10, Great gameplay, Great music, and a fun twist of sadism. BEWARE THE FIRST BLOODMOON!!!!
Gradient Entropy	Recommended	992.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/firechaos/	Favourite part is when I realise that it's 7 am in the morning and I forgot to sleep.10/10 would not sleep again.
Varaosa	Recommended	47.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/varaosa/	ENG:If you like Minecraft, you like this game! Best side side platform & crafting game on Steam... :3FIN:Jos pidät MineCraft, pidät tästäpelistä! Paras sivu suunnasta kuvattu craftaus peli Steamissa... :3
Dave K	Recommended	72.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/them/	Originally I thought this would be a crappy Minecraft and I wouldn't like it. But the vast amount of items has me hooked.
C.A.A.N	Recommended	1,208.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198071763464/	I have played this game for about 3 years now...it is the best game Ive ever played. It is extreemely fun with friends, but you do not need any to have fun with this game. I have made over 20+ characters and 20+ worlds for myself to play on. Get the  game...stick with it...and you will love it.
Schnidel	Recommended	72.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/DACFlux/	It's boring and slow at the beginning, but after you killed the Guide for the first time, it's great family fun! 10/9
senz	Recommended	176.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/senzaikyu/	Better than Minecraft
Burn The Heretics	Recommended	149.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/XanzikronAramil/	Better than Starbound.
Ank	Recommended	4.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Ank501/	Terraria is a platformer action-adventure sandbox game, almost like minecraft except this is side scrolling and has classic 2D graphics.In Terarria, you start in a randomly generated world, then you start gathering resources by chopping down trees, mining stones, clearing dirts or use them instead, and then you're going have to build houses or anything for a shelter, then you need to make weapons, tools, everything you need to survive from those monsters, especially in the night. Then you can explore the world and find many things interesting. There's also many boss enemies you have to fight here so be ready. This is a good game to waste your time, especially with friends. I recommend this.Rating 9/10
Master Smuggles	Recommended	777.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Hentaisama/	There is a spell named "Golden Shower". 11/10Now as of november 2016 and the recent Dungeon Defender update, I can only wish that this game keeps getting fed quality content. I'm also thankful for all the time spent since v1.3 hunting for Cell Phone parts (no hard feelings).
CtrlAltDestroy	Recommended	142.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197993891197/	Since there are more owners of Terraria on my friends list than there are owners of Portal or Portal 2, this is probably the ultimate gratuitous review. Chances are you’re already familiar with the game and you already have deep-seated opinions about it. Even so, I’m going to write out this review to provide some closure and articulation to my own thoughts.Before trying it, I assumed Terraria was 2D Minecraft. I was wrong. Although many game elements are clearly inspired by Minecraft, and comparisons between the two games are inevitable, they are very different games. Terraria is less of a sandbox game, and more of an action-RPG with destructible terrain. The focus is placed on questing, combat, and underground exploration. In Minecraft, you can have the ultimate equipment after a sufficiently lucky 30-minute cave exploration, but in Terraria it can take 40 hours or more to conquer all the quests and the bosses. Minecraft is largely a survival and engineering game – success comes through careful planning and calculated risks. Unlike Minecraft, Terraria’s building aspect is severely downplayed. There’s no survival element at all since you’re given unlimited, (almost) consequence-free respawns.Terraria is tricky to criticize; all of its greatest strengths are simultaneously also its deepest, most irreparable flaws. These are elements you can’t remove from the game – removing them would destroy what makes it uniquely Terraria – but they cause so many problems in the grander scope that they hinder and ultimately destroy its longevity. First issue: items are tied to the character rather than the world. If you load up your character’s inventory with loot, you can simply hop into another server and it all goes with you. On the surface, this is a fantastic idea that allows you to grow attached to a character and continue their adventure across multiple servers. The big problem comes with multiplayer. This system absolutely does not work with mismatched character levels. At all. Power creep is massive in this game, and so is “bored god syndrome." A maxed character can plough through all the game’s events in about a half hour, whereas it takes a good 20-40 hours to do everything from scratch. Underleveled characters won’t be able to keep up. Powerful characters don't like waiting around for them. This is especially problematic playing with newbies who don't know the game’s basic progression. If a newbie is on a server with high-level characters, they won't learn how to summon the Eye of Cthulhu, or what demon altars do, or what the Pwnhammer is, and so much more. They’ll be given some spare items without getting to learn where they came from and how they were made. Worst of all, the weak characters will know that they aren’t contributing anything to the server since they can’t do anything that the overleveled characters can’t do with fifty times more efficiency. And since there's no server option to force a blank character, there is no way to prevent this from happening. Having been on both sides of this coin, I can honestly say that it’s depressing to see or to be a weak character playing on a server with strong characters.Another issue is that the game has far, far too many items. Compared to Minecraft’s 5 sword tiers, There are over 75 different swords alone in the game. Multiply that by the types of bows, pickaxes, armors… and that’s not even counting the block types, potions, fish, accessories, plants… We're talking over 3,500 different types of items.It’s great because it adds a deeper sense of diversity to the game. Unlike Minecraft, you can actually choose a pseudo-class in Terraria, specializing in any kind of combat. You can then collect and manage the items that are beneficial to that class. It’s satisfying being something other than a standard diamond-armored archer like in Minecraft. And it keeps exploration fun: the game can always surprise you with rare drops and new discoveries at every turn. But at the same time, the staggering number of items in Terraria just goes to show how smart Minecraft was for limiting them. Storage and categorization of items is an utter nightmare. Now, Terraria includes many conveniences to help you manage your items, including auto-sorting your inventory into nearby chests, ability to use color-coded and named chests, the complete bypassing of the crafting grid by simply listing all the crafting recipes for you, and even a garbage can built into the inventory screen itself. Yet, even with all these great inventory tweaks, it still isn’t nearly enough to keep the sheer number of items from overwhelming you, stuffing your inventory full. Item sorting is so time-consuming that I always gave up on keeping an organized storage room, and just started dumping my items in the nearest open space. The times when I decided to tackle the organization, I’d give up after an hour and not even be halfway done. It’s probably the most unfun part of the game.Furthermore, many of these items are useless because game progression happens a bit too fast. You’ll make a full set of Iron armor, then get Demonite ten minutes later, Meteorite thirty minutes after that, and so on… repeated for about 20 tiers of items. You’ll constantly be throwing away tools you may have only used for a few minutes before making something better. If you want to fully appreciate any one tier, you’ve got to intentionally slow down your play and pace yourself. It’s awesome that the game is self-paced… if you’ve got the patience for it.And finally: the longevity problem. You know how some RPGs hide the best sword in the final dungeon where it’s useless because there’s nothing left to use it on? That’s Terraria’s endgame in a nutshell. It’s so bad that there’s been two huge updates which have basically doubled the length of the game progression, one adding a “hard mode” that adds several more quests, and another adding an “expert mode” that serves as a “new game plus” for your overleveled character to conquer. But it still just prolongs the inevitable for a few dozen hours. Worlds are fixed size and are not infinite, and there’s no sense of risk and reward because deaths mean nothing and you can always use your trusty Magic Mirror to panic out of a bad situation. The core of the gameplay is the long, progressive struggle for power; once you have the power, there’s no gameplay left unless you want to start all over again. Unlike a Minecraft server which is infinitely large and immersive, a Terraria server will “end” and ultimately be used up completely, unable to offer anything new. Clinging to your character and taking your loot to a new server will just make the same thing happen, but faster. The only way to keep the game alive is to let go and start over – but after all the work it took to become a god, will you really want to do that?Despite any complaints, I loved the game. Those 100+ hours were incredible while they lasted. I laughed, I cried, I raged, I geeked out over stats, I soared through the sky on beetle wings. I discovered mystery and celebrated victory alongside my friends, and I made some memories I might never forget. The questionable design choices I complained about were deliberate risks which made the game into exactly what it is. They may have caused game balance to ultimately crash into a wall due to the ridiculous power creep involved, but the ride itself was completely worth it. I’ll give Terraria a 7 / 10. It may not last forever like some other sandbox games, but there’s too much here to discover and enjoy. If you haven’t played this game the way it is best played – with everyone starting from scratch at once, without overpowered friends doing everything for you – you’re missing out. Terraria is about the journey, not the destination.
fLuShA®	Recommended	83.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198137897756/	Great game, very original. When you think you're getting bored...BAM, ♥♥♥♥ING HARD MODE ON! Then everything becomes awesome and ♥♥♥♥ing GENIUS. ♥♥♥♥ing floating islands and♥♥♥♥♥♥ who thought of that?!Also very fun with a friend or two, or more!The thought put in this game is extremely good and precise, awesome.... 10/10
AnnaUser	Recommended	8.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/AnnaUser/	Product received for free
Sk8thunder	Recommended	284.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198179124401/	It is an amazing game tons of items, bosses, monsters and everything!Pros. Graphics.Monsters.Items.Structures.Bosses.Soundtrack.Gameplay.open world.Cons: Crafting system although fun is very simple.and thats about all I can find. 
rleeson85	Recommended	225.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/rleeson85/	LOVE THIS GAME! So much fun to explore and collect and build. Very enjoyable.
Dowlphwin	Recommended	909.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/dowlphin/	Whenever I think of writing a review for that certain game, I cannot avoid thinking of that certain game, and when I do, I end up playing that certain game and have no time for writing a review.I was only able to write this because I wasn't trying to write a review and thus could avoid thinking of that certain game.Joking aside, this game has a rewarding progression tightly intertwined with lots of creative freedom, and that's what made me surprise myself with liking this game so much. I'd not call myself a devoted gamer anymore these days, yet Terraria managed to keep me interested for hundreds of hours.It also has a difficulty progression that can not easily like in many MMOs be solved through outleveling, since there are no levels. At a certain point an unskilled player might gently bump into a difficulty barrier that poses a real challenge to overcome. The amount of preparation one might have to do for certain bosses would prompt Witcher Geralt to call you insane. ;-D But that's part of the game's interesting character.But if you can't overcome some challenges, the game is still great. You don't miss anything if you don't manage to defeat that last boss or such. Or you could also get some allies and try your luck that way.Patch 1.3 made many things even better. My personal favorite is the *ka-ching* of coin pickups.And the conveyor belts added with 1.3.1 are a delight, too.If I really try to find downsides to point out, it would be this:- Very resolution-dependent game. Higher res enlarges visible area. 1920x1080 (or x1200) is maximum. I personally prefer(red) 1280x720 so stuff isn't so small, but the game is technically problematic and if windows are open in the background and you play the game in full screen, it might resize them; cut them down to the game resolution, which is very annoying. Also, when you change the resolution in fullscreen and confirm, it doesn't change it. You have to switch to window and back to fullscreen to make it work.- UI use (e.g. item management and use), although somewhat improved, is still a bit too complicated for the amount of materials you'll accumulate after a while.Still not convinced? Then let me tell you what I did the other day: I saved the tormented soul of a tax collector in hell only to dowse him in lava and take his cane before it could melt.Good times. :-)Ever since I play Terraria I get more sextants.UPDATE: Not playing anymore because dev company♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=abkRcbEJ02s 
The Pided Piper	Recommended	178.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/PidedPiper/	There are many many many sandbox games out there and as we all know sandbox can get boring after a little while, BUT!!!!! Terraria is different.Terraria gets you hooked the first 3 nights and makes you really look at the depth of how much stuff is out there. Tons of different armor and weapons. Hundreds of different blocks. And countless enemies to fight as darkness approaches.After a while you start getting into routine. "Chop wood, build up house, kill slimes, explore caves..." And when you think it gets even a little boring a message appears on your screen. "You feel an evil presence watching you..." Then as you are wondering what the heck that meant it attacks you unexpectantly...Bosses in sandbox games are somewhat hard to make because of the free realm and no story but Terraria does an amazing job incorporating multiple bosses that differ in difficulty to this is a challenge to IMPOSSIBLE!!!! Good job Guys!!!11/10
Dartnix	Recommended	3,766.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Dartnix/	Look at my total playtime.That's the review.
coldrose	Recommended	288.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/636463636346633/	soooooo worth the low priceIt's like minecraft if minecraft didn't suck, and actually had some depth, variety and proper loremake a hamachi server with some friends and go explore and get immersed and have fun, cause this game is so great
Providence	Recommended	352.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/memedream/	I killed a squirrel with a shark machine gun. 10/10.
BlumiTheGhost	Recommended	473.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/847474/	[Review originally written in 2014. I'll make a proper update another day]Some people say that Terraria is a 2D Minecraft. That's NOT true. Minecraft is a completely different game (and isn't even close to be fun as Terraria). Anyay, Terraria is a 2D Sandbox (Craft 'em up)/Platformer/RPG game where you start with nothing but a cooper sword, a cooper axe and a cooper pickaxe, 100 HP and in the new version, 20 mana. But as you dig more and collect more ores and cool stuff and craft them, the game turns you from hunted to hunter. It's not only about mining. (Sure, mining is essential, but you don't have to be always looking for ores, as they're not rare at all and the crafting recipes are pretty simple (as the crafting system). If you get stuck anytime, the Guide can help you out.The game is really slow paced at the beggining, but as you get stronger, it can surprise you with it's fast paced PVP, party system, bosses and enemies. You can have weapons from bows and shurikens to flametrowers and the craziest guns ever made!It also lets you pick your character's difficulty, which can be: Easycore (You drop some coins on death), Mediumcore (You drop your items on death) (i don't recommend playing on mediumcore), and Hardcore (when you die... you die), but not the game's difficulty. You begin without armor and easily die in most places and at night, then you get stronger and find a harder place, then you get stronger again and find a more challanging place, then you get EVEN stronger... and after you kill the "last" boss, your world is instantly converted to a Hardmode world, which has more biomes, bosses, ores, items and difficulty. Some enemies require only skill to beat, as your set doesn't matter, they WILL kill you if you are careless.Dig, fight, explore, build, shoot, craft, find cool stuff and enter the awesome world of Terraria!!!===============================================================[Review originalmente escrita em 2014. Vou atualizá-la propriamente algum outro dia]Algumas pessoas dizem que Terraria é um Minecraft 2D. Isso NÃO é verdade. Minecraft é um jogo completamente diferente (e não chega nem perto de ser divertido como Terraria). De qualquer forma, Terraria é um jogo Sandbox (Craft 'em up)/Platformer/RPG em 2D onde você começa com nada mais que uma espada de cobre, um machado de cobre, uma picareta de cobre, 100 HP e na nova versão, 20 MP. Mas à medida que você cava mais e coleta mais minérios e coisas legais e as fabrica, o jogo te transforma de caçado para caçador. Não se trata somente de minerar (Claro, minerar é essencial, mas você não precisa estar sempre procurando por minérios, já que eles não são tão raros e as receitas de fabricação são bem simples (assim como o sistema de fabricação). Se você ficar preso a qualquer hora, o Guia pode te ajudar.O jogo tem um ritmo bem lento no começo, mas à medida que você fica mais forte, ele pode te surpreender com seu ritmo rápido de PVP, sistema de party, chefes e inimigos. Você pode ter armas de arcos e shurikens até lança-chamas e as armas mais loucas já feitas!O jogo também te permite escolher a dificuldade do personagem, que pode ser: Easycore (Você dropa algumas moedas quando morre), Mediumcore (Você dropa seus itens quando morre) (eu não recomendo jogar no mediumcore), e Hardcore (Quando você morre... você morre), mas não a dificuldade do jogo. Você começa sem armadura e facilmente morre na maioria dos lugares e à noite, então você fica mais forte e encontra um lugar mais difícil, então você fica mais forte denovo e encontra um lugar mais desafiador, então você fica AINDA mais forte... e depois de matar o "último" chefe, seu mundo é instantaneamente convertido para o modo "hard", que tem mais biomas, chefes, minérios, itens e dificuldade. Alguns inimigos só necessitam de habilidade para vencer, já que seu set não importa, eles VÃO te matar se você for descuidado.Cave, lute, explore, construa, atire, fabrique, encontre coisas legais e entre no incrível mundo de Terraria!!!
Bbdew	Recommended	86.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198070413444/	its really fun i love the new updates
Zambie	Recommended	544.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198060581709/	-Spawned Into World, slime murders me-Goes Mining, Bat knocks me into lava-Go To Desert, Gets Mauled By Vultures- goes within 100 feet of corruption, Gets Gangbanged by 100 Soul eaters-Rage Quits10/10 would Rage quit again
Desertscape	Recommended	1,478.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/IchBinEinDedPrez/	You know, I first got minecraft years ago, just after getting a laptop for my graduation gift in '11. I played the hell out of it. From the time I got it, I played it through summer, at the college library, all through the night at home, whenever. I'd probably gathered well over a thousand hours on that game.But you know what? This game, originally presumed to be some "2D Minecraft clone," which in truth is incomparable to minecraft, and though I probably don't have half the hours on it than I put into minecraft. This game is better than minecraft.Or perhaps minecraft is just a♥♥♥♥♥♥game. Either way, I still like Terraria very much.
Omnir	Recommended	2,903.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Luiakyn/	Awesome game, and a dream come true for many of us.People call this a 2D Minecraft, and while that can be fair, it mainly means to revisit old games from the 2D sidescrolling era. This includes game like Metroid, Castlevania, Adventures of Link -- to name a few.There are a lot of games coming out that try to do what Terraria does, but I find Re-logic to have them all beat. It's hard to beat a team that constantly pushes out awesome updates with new mechanics (Wiring, fishing, minecarts, quests, mounts, endgame content, and so on).
망겜분석학과 1학년 5반	Recommended	438.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/limpun/	~20 hoursconstantly dies to zombies~50 hoursfind lots of golds and feels like master of world~51 hoursactivated Hard mode and one-shot dies by pixie~120 hoursnow have comfort house with nearly all of NPCs (it's before 1.2)~150 hoursendgame Hallowed armors...?~151 hours1.2 update. Now with Underground Jungle Temples!...and I became noob again. Hallowed armors became weak as sh*t.and THAT HAMDRAXNO HAMDRAX NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO* now hamdrax takes only 18 hallowed bars!are you seriouswhy hamdrax~200 hours1.3 update. ALIENS ARE ATTACKING MY WHOLE WORLD?!get UFO at first Martian attack.~270 hoursFinally, beat the Moon Lord.dat portal gun-------------------------------------------------------------------------~before 1.3.1 updatewrenchwrench I'm making teleporters everywherewrenchwrenchwrenchwrenchwrenchwrench~after 1.3.1 updatewrenchwrench I'm making some mechanical thing everywherewrenchwrenchwrenchwrenchwrenchwrench-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------waitwhy it isn't shooter/bullet hell game?
yeet	Recommended	512.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/idratherbedeadtbh/	we live in a society
Real Life Popstarr XoXo	Recommended	159.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198066377212/	Terraria is a fun 2D game where you create your own character and explore your world. You can craft items to help you survive, battle, or build. The game is centered on defeating several tough bosses, ranging from somewhat spooky such as the giant mechanical skull, Skeletron Prime, or just silly, like the incredibly large shark/fish Duke Fishron. In order to prepare to fight these bosses, the player must find materials to craft their own gear. They'll go from makeshift wooden armor to the fabled Hallowed Armor, earning and finding weapons on the way. The game has violence in it which most of the time cannot be avoided. Finding some materials and sometimes just surviving means defending yourself against monsters small and large, ranging from floating eyeballs to surprisingly dangerous unicorns. When killed, enemies can splat pixelated blood that isn't very realistic. Most children and almost all teens can handle this. While not supposed to be a learning game, it does have some learning aspects, such as logical thinking. If I want to craft this sword, what items are most likely to make it? Besides that, it's not too inappropriate. The only other thing inappropriate in the game is that the player can craft a keg and brew their own ale and get an effect on their character called "tipsy." Besides this, I'd say it's good for anyone with a passion for adventure
First Mate Scrog	Recommended	270.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/51centcorn/	By far the best Fishing Simulator I have ever played!10/10 Would fish again.
Саша	Recommended	105.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/alekssergeev/	Amazing game with so much content you can't get bored, y yourself or with friends. It is a game you can always come back to and relax on, I can enjoy it just as much as when it was first released!+Ability to catch wildlife and spam a friends home with bunnies and birds 10/10.
N1CKY PYTH0N	Recommended	237.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/n1ckypyth0n/	I love this game i cant wait for the updates and over all by this game it is the BEST GAME EVER i'll never get rid of it :) 
I Main Oddjob	Recommended	381.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/boigahs/	This is, literally, the best use of 10 of your dollars that has ever, or will ever, present itself to you.This game should not be compared to Minecraft, as that game (and all games) = soggy, undercooked ravioli compared to this masterful work. In fact, Lamborghinis, stuffed-crust pizza, making love to Emma Watson, eating ice cream while sky-diving, and sharks riding jet-ski's are all garbage compared to this game. Leonardo Da Vinci, Abraham Lincoln, and Bill Murray once fused together, Dragon Ball Z style, and the mighty black hole of sheer awesomeness that was created from this fusion, had to stop, and bow down, humbled by the majesty of Terraria. Do yourself a favor: don't wait until a sale to pick this one up, as the devs really do deserve not only the $10 that this game costs, but also the extra hundreds of dollars that you will inevitably take from your or your child's college fund and send them when you realize they have created the closest thing we mere humans can get to digitized perfection.
JBond	Recommended	123.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198080275071/	Terraria is my favorite crafting game. period. I hate how people say minecraft is better when....Terraria has bossesTerraria has more crafting recepiesTerraria has more mobsone thing that i don't like is the multiplayer is kinda confusing.
Mka Kitty	Recommended	639.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/MkaKitty/	First world: -I got headaches from mining sounds-I had no idea what I was doing-I thought I was super OP with Copper Armor10/10 would be a noob againSecond world:-Used YouTube videos as guides-Got to hardmode-Got Adamantite armor-Didn't beat any of the metal bosses10/10 would travel back in time to finish what I had startedThird world:-Had a friend with me-We cheated10/10 would cheat againFourth world:-I again played with the friend-We had another friend join us-We cheated even more-My friends blew up everything-I got really paranoid of everything so I saved the world constantly10/10 would be paranoid againFifth world:-Played with another friend-"Why do so many zombies have hands?"-"That was freaking sand."-I got the Meowmere-The game crashed so I lost the Meowmere10/10 would farm the Moon Lord again10/10 This game made me insane.
Crypt Keeper	Recommended	66.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198105961877/	Alright, let ne start off by saying the game is one of the most amazing games to play. That said, most people do have a challenge trying to survive in it due to the difficuly and some cluttered controls. Personally i enjoy every aspect of the game and find it to be hours of fun with trying to build different houses for the NPC's and fighting the bosses. If your looking for a fun sandbox game with hours of fun then you came to the right place.
Zyrikai	Recommended	142.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/zyrikai/	So I..-Started a world-Got wood-Built a house-Guide moved in-Told him to get lost-Didn't listen-Swore I'd kill him for it-10 hours passed-Got Guide Voodoo Doll-Built platform-Killed Wall of Flesh + Guide-Thought it was over-My house was now 'Hallow'-Got butt stabbed by a unicorn-Quit-Reloaded in-Saw pixies-Killed pixies-Didn't know wtf to do-Destroyed Demonic things-Got souls-Got good weapons-Defeated Moon Lord10/10 would do it again.
Xavex	Recommended	130.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198109244166/	Product received for free
[TTFRI] Shivvy la Snivvy	Recommended	85.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/helloztozyouz/	I hate how people hate terraria just because its a 2D sandbox game. And I also hate how people say its a rip-off of minecraft. I love this game i think it is more amazing than minecraft, because, it has way more content, more things to do, and more time of gameplay. If any of the creators read these and just so happen to find this one; keep up the good work
Rockie	Recommended	924.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Ruusagi/	This game is so awesome,you can do everything you want anytime,you can fight awesome bosses,hundreds of enemiesand do that with friends! that's awesome!
Apple	Recommended	1,339.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198114374131/	this is a cool game.you should buy it
Rskdude	Recommended	168.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198089167757/	just stop looking at the reviews to see if its good, just buy it 
Dr. Sheriff Esquire	Recommended	161.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Error404Profilenotfound/	If this game was a potato it would be a good one
GEB	Recommended	55.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198111211536/	This game is a action packed game full of things to do, Worth getting!
Hudson633	Recommended	259.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/hudson633/	I mostly played the singleplayer and didn't bother fighting bosses, but really enjoyed it. I like the simplicity and pacing, slowly getting stronger as you establish a little home to craft some stronger tools, expanding your knowledge of the game and collecting useful items as you explore the land and mine underground.The music is fitting, and the game itself is well made. There's plenty of depth to it offering more gameplay in multiplayer and boss fighting that I didn't look much into.★★★★★
qwerty	Recommended	234.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/cofveve/	More addictive than fapping
The Green Bastard	Recommended	2,949.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TheGreenYondu/	Hehe, I keep hearing Minecraft clone alot, meaning really not much thought.If any out there who hung out some in the Arcades,plus experiencing a fair number of Game Consoles, then you'd truly know.In a nutshell, Terraria is a 35+ year compilement of the 2-D Gaming Engine.Review update (chopped down 1st tree in 1.3.1):Folks, you gotta buy and get into this game...sale or not, for soo much additional content, I find this game is undeniably one of the best 2-D games I've ever played...period. I cannot decide which part of the game is "better than this area" ...I cannot seem to pick a favorite.As for the Team at Re-Logic, this player cannot thank you enough; having the latest 1.3.3 and 1.3.4 additional content updates are uber wow factors; the frequent bug fixes itself are evident that the Devs really and truly put their hearts into this game....so, when's 1.3.5...?Waiting patiently for 1.3.6...been seeing quite a few more additional features...hopefully soon.
Gadgetguy	Recommended	165.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/gadgetguy/	OverviewTerraria is often called 2D Minecraft but, besides sharing a couple of game mechanics, Terraria is a unique and great game. The amount of amazing content that one receives for $10 is astounding. This is a must have for anyone that enjoys crafting games such as Minecraft of Subnautica, though it runs better than most of its competitors.Game BreakdownGameplay:Terraria is at its core a Dig, Build, Craft type of game, with the epitome of each tier being the newest digging tool. The first thing that happens upon starting a new game is the creation of a character and a world. Once you load in to your world, the character you created is put on the overworld with only a NPC guide to show the way.After having read all of his tips, the player isn’t given any directions other than survive. Terraria doesn't have any food, drink, or heat systems to kill you, only monster that are happy to whittle your hit points down to zero. If the player does die however, your character will drop items based on the level of difficulty you selected when you created your character. This will range from coins used to buy things from NPCs to your entire inventory.After walking your desired direction for a bit, it is likely that the player will find a bit of shiny ore with the name of a metal such as iron. This ties into a key gameplay mechanic of Terraria, exploration. A lot of your time in Terraria will be spent mining underground for better ores that allow you to craft new objects us as the latest armor, weapons, or tools. The gear you create in the game is separated into tiers for progression purposes. Each tier makes your character look and feel more powerful, but the mobs associated with retrieving the next tier's loot are also much more powerful, giving the game fair balance and a rewarding sense of progression. You have many types of weapons to add to your arsenal, ranging from swords, to boomerangs, to magic. All of the weapon types work differently and have pros and cons allowing the player to really customize your play style. Next up is armor, which not only increases in defense and special abilities, but also looks really cool in the later tiers.If you use the vanity armor slots in the game, you can wear your best armor for the stats in the armor slots, but have your favorite cosmetics show instead. Along with the many cosmetics is the ability to dye the cosmetics and armor by putting a dye in the appropriate slot. This allows a lot of customization for your cosmetics allowing you to really feel unique on a server with many players online.Once you have gathered all of your supplies, you can summon some well-designed boss fights that feel challenging but not impossible. These bosses will take up only a small portion of a rather large game, but they are all memorable experiences. After a player kills a boss they have a chance of getting a trophy which they may put on a shelf in any building they have built.Building in Terraria is both a fun pastime in your world and an important game mechanic. While building your large house, instead of leaving uninhabited rooms, why not get some useful NPCs to move in? Some of these NPCs sell things like bombs, which are very hard to find just roaming around. Sadly the NPC AI is pretty stupid so don’t expect them to be very useful if monsters started attacking your home. Another NPCs will sell you pieces of guns, and you will need them if you want to be a roaming gunman firing bullets at almost anything that moves. The one downside to the NPC house mechanic is that it can seem kind of broken at times to new players. To fully understand what constitutes a Finally, there are many interesting pets to find, some are just cosmetic and follow you around, while others will fight for you. With just the right items you can create your own little army!Overall, the gameplay is a lot of fun.Multiplayer:The multiplayer is singleplayer, but with multiple people running around crafting. Playing multiplayer is a lot of fun, but it can make the game’s progression go quickly. For example, armor and weapons are going to be easier to craft if you have lots of people mining and just sharing the materials in a chest. Multiplayer is a great experience in this game and is easy to set up with the inclusion of Steam integration.Sound:The sounds in Terraria are great. Birds fly around when you approach them, chirping defiantly at your intrusion. Each magic spell used has its own easily recognizable audio effect, which helps the player new to the spell understand when you are casting a spell or a monster is casting a spell at you. Every monster in the world of Terraria also has its own unique sound it will occasionally play when within a certain range of you. Whether it’s flying eyeballs squishing or zombies moaning, you can use the sound to understand what monster is hiding in the dark waiting to kill you. Hitting these enemies is satisfying experience with each hit giving the player and audible squish. The sound in Terraria creates an ambiance that makes it feel like a living world while simultaneously giving gameplay feedback.Music:The music in Terraria is made of about 2+ minute songs that loop. Some would think this loop would get annoying, but it doesn't. Upon entering a biome, a new music plays. For example, when you are in the Forest biome, you have an upbeat and cheerful little tune that puts you in a good mood while you enjoy your time building or chopping down trees. As soon as the player enters the corruption biome, the music changes to an eerie tone. This tone helps to keep the player away of this area in the early game, until you build up some confidence in your better gear. The songs give each biome an identity that feels familiar and makes each biome feel completely differently from each other. The music in Terraria is as much a game mechanic as any of the other master-crafted game mechanics found in this game. Graphics:Terraria's graphics style of choice is pixel art. This art is meant to look like the sprites used by much older systems, such as the SNES and the Sega Genesis. From the large bosses to the miniscule pink slime, all of the art in the game looks amazing. The blocks of dirt look like they have small rocks in it and the blocks blend together excellently.Performance:This game will run fine on older computer hardware and does not require any kind of special shaders to be played. I have it running at full speed on my Toshiba Portege M400 with an integrated graphics chip that came out in 2006 and it looks fine, but if you want it to look slightly more beautiful or run a server for you and your friend and family to play on, I suggest you run it on some better hardware than this.Playtime: I have logged in over 100+ hours into this game, and I still haven't experienced a lot Terraria has to offer. If you love to build or collect all of the items in a game, you could make this game last for a very long time.ConclusionPros:Long play timeGreat gameplayDecent graphicsGood sound designAmazing PerformanceFun MultiplayerCons:NPCs can be useless late in the gameBuilding Mechanic can be confusing initiallyRating10/10.If you liked this review or want to see more recommended games, be sure to follow our curator group: Follow Original Curator Group 
a fascinatingly wet anus	Recommended	345.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198075407051/	i can't stop playing this game i need help. somebody help me. i can't stop.
（~JS~) Dcotor Hue?	Recommended	32.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198088144000/	Awesome 2D Sandbox Game! JUST AWESOME!
Skeleaten	Recommended	391.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Skeleaten/	Terraria: Better than the 3D sandbox game next door.
Renorec	Recommended	1,027.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/clone7599/	You know the game wants you dead when it spawns 2 hardmode underground ice enemies in pre hardmode underground jungle.10/10 would die again.
zeno	Recommended	77.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/zenorogue/	I have to say that this game amazes me technically much more than all these AAA games with photorealistic 3D graphics -- a huge world, lots of content with tons of weapons, monsters, and mobility options working in different ways. Especially that in these AAA games the world cannot be changed in any way (no destructible terrain), and they even look all the same, and in Terraria you can dig or build wherever you want, liquids are flowing, mushrooms and corruption are spreading, and so on... (Probably especially amazing in multiplayer, although I have not tried that.)The gameplay (which could be described as a platformer/sandbox hybrid -- thus, for example, you can design arenas yourself, so that you fight the bosses in a location which gives you an advantage) is very good. There are some minor design flaws, though. I dislike games where the inventory space is limited -- they are neither realistic nor fun, they only annoy the player without making the game more interesting or fun in any way (there are games when inventory limit does benefit the gameplay, like in DoomRL, Brogue or Hydra Slayer, but often this feature seems to be added without any reason). This is especially bad in Terraria, because you typically gather lots of useful crafting ingredients from each trip. It might be good for the gameplay that you have only a limited space for weapons and potions (and thus you have to plan what to take for your next fight), but I think the game would be more fun if we could collect loot without having to think about the inventory limits -- a separate limited inventory for battles, and infinite inventory for loot (which could not be used during a battle) would solve this. Another minor flaw is grinding: doing boring stuff in order to gather resources necessary to beat your next challenge is a waste of time. Some grinding is fine, but I think I would have more fun without having to go through the Lunar Cultist and all the Celestial Towers again after failing the Moon Lord fight, or having to mine for chlorophyte again and again, or waiting for the day/night to proceed, or having to spend lots of time to find rare items. 
Zach	Recommended	20.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TheOriginalChamp/	A Wicked Co-op Exepreince You Need To Be A Part Of!
Halindir	Recommended	239.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Halindir/	The amount of content, fun and enjoyment aswell as challenge this game offers makes it worth twofold the price, and on discount there is really no excuse not to pick it up. Make sure to consult the Guide NPC, he's more helpful than he seems.
BigCorporation	Recommended	18.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198259812257/	This game is great.  And it was a gift from a fan in Sweden.
DoomDoom	Recommended	37.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/doomdoomz/	Pretty good game. Retro feel, retro sound, great fun to play with friends.
TheOneAndOnly_Shawk	Recommended	1,352.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/HaveSomeWaffles/	1.1 = omg Hardmode!??!?! this is the best game EVER1.1 "locked (aka no more updates... apparently)" = well, thats sad, but atleast i have some things to do!1.2 = even MORE bosses and TONNS of items?!?!?! now its the BEST of the best!1.3 = expert mode?!?! Expert loot?!?! new items?!?! new -five years later- BEST GAME EVAH(P.S, this is coming from someone who has played 1800+ hours so... i have no life anyway :3)Overall rating, and im being serious, 11/10, would play for 5k hours without being bored ~Shawk
『Wheel』	Recommended	156.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jezicane/	I killed an npc by trapping them in a pool of lava. I got a free hat from it.
Lockermade	Recommended	216.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/lockermade/	I wish this game disapeared from my steam account so I can BUY IT AGAIN, it is that amazing!Edit I just nominated this game to the steam awards under the category "time test"
Nevinkai	Recommended	398.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/marlorahn/	This game is amazing, good reaplayablity, good bosses, lots to explore. You'll play this game for a while, and by a while I mean 100s of hours.
Ehre	Recommended	844.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198190080175/	After more than 500 hours I think its time I write a review for this game.The begining may seem stale at first, but as you progress the game will get more interesting.Pros:-High replay value-It has something for everyone (Building, Action, Exploring, Mining, Character customization, Farming, and even fishing)-It has Multiplayer-Large community-Strong end game content-Biomes are very diverse-Thousands of different items to use-Many enemies and bosses-Expert Mode for anyone up for a challenge and more lootCons:-Grinding/farming for items is very time consuming-The transition to Hardmode might be difficult for newer players-Random Events can be annoying Invasions, Blood Moons, Solar Eclipses-The flame war between Terraria and Minecraft (Stop arguing over two completely different games)-Forums plagued with players asking for free stuff
󰀍 loopuleasa 󰀍	Recommended	113.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/loopuleasa/	This game boggles my mind with the sheer amount of content and replayability it has. It has really become an absolute classic in the voxel-random generated gaming world.Great with friends. Pretty damn epic adventures. Very interesting bosses. Great sense of exploration. Amazing, albeit imbalanced, items and equipment. Dynamic world mechanics. Huge and enjoyable time sink.Also, stop comparing it to Minecraft! Terraria took a different creative path and succeeded in making a solid original game. Terraria is focused on the gameplay and exploration, Minecraft is focused on creation and alteration.Damn addicting game. Worth its weight in gold.
Billy_	Recommended	587.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198051901905/	Well, there''s Giant Glowing Mushrooms, guns, magic, innuendos,  gore, swords, spears, explosions, houses, money, women, bosses, and PvP. If you're not sold yet, you can choose whether or not you keep items upon death WITHOUT cheats. So get this game, like right now. I don't care if you already have it. Get this mother****er.
Nevinkai	Recommended	398.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/marlorahn/	This game is amazing, good reaplayablity, good bosses, lots to explore. You'll play this game for a while, and by a while I mean 100s of hours.
Stainless	Recommended	44.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/steamtradernational/	If you have friends, this is a great game to play with them.If you don't have any friends, this is a great game to play alone.If you don't have the game to play, get the money for it.If you don't have the money for it, get a job.If you don't have a job, rob the bank.If you get arrested robbing the bank, at least you tried.
Elsirk	Recommended	1,127.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Elsirk/	i dont really have a life anymore cause of this game...buy it, play it, love it.UPDATE: since the 1.3 update ive been playing expert mode and it reminds me of that one ex everyone has where it is all nice at the start then♥♥♥♥♥♥just goes down the dran at ther end of it your just so ♥♥♥♥ing done but you just want more...
Lil Squeak	Recommended	335.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SageDubs/	This game....Well what can i say i've got over 200 hours on it i built alot of dope stuff played with alot of mates and it just never gets boring.Since the fishing update you can eh.. FISH and do some quests for this one hobo.The bosses are fun.PS this game should be played on durgz.Oh right you can mine.Everywhere.SOVIET SNAIL APPROVES!-UPDATE-1.3 came out, the game is even more awesome now it has more armour weapons and other stuff like biomesAnd expert mode and new bosses :3and you can make any ugly armour awesome with those awesome dyes that have little sprites on them.I REALLY APPROVE THIS
LibertyBaller	Recommended	133.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/LibertyBaller/	You can truly be an angel and fly right after killing innocent bunnies.
Terraria Ultra V.2	Recommended	1,073.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198121227976/	BEST GAME  EVER---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------This Has to be my favorite game on my PC. From fighting the Eyeball Of a Monster to Slaying the Lord of the moon, This game can get you addicted in mere seconds of gameplay. 3000 items makes it even better, including the weapons and tools, such as the final Prism that shoots light, to a portal gun straight from the game, mechanics and all. If you haven't gotten it yet, I recommend you buy it now. 1.3, The Final Update.In this version, the golem is now broken and torn up, and you think you're safe, however a new pressence sends you back to the dungeon to meet the cultists. They seem harmless, until you see they're worshipping a mysterious god. After you kill all 4 Cultists, The Ancient Cultist is summoned. Beat him, and terror breaks out. You must destroy the 4 Celestial towers with new weapons you will find, such as Daybreak and Nebula Blaze. In order to break the power that shields the towers, you must slay 100 (150 for expert) of their individual monsters. Then, you can damage,  then soon destroy the towers. When you thought that was hard, you're going face to face with the lord of the moon, the reason for the chaos and evilness of this realm. After a long and hard battle, you'll be seeing a flash of white as he decays into nothing but bones, and, with special loot too, you've beaten the game, destroyed all evil, and saved Terraria. And with that, you can live without Chaos and be in peace...                                                                                         ~~~THE END~~~
BensPortal	Recommended	41.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/BensPortal/	A good 2D GameHighly recommended to play with friends.
76561198213983727	Recommended	1,158.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198213983727/	So after 600+ hours, I figured I knew enough about the game, and I will say that it is a great game. It was a great experience learning new things for me and getting overpowered quick. The only thing that I really didn't like however, was that npc housing is very "glitchy" to say the least, but the game is incredibly creative for 2d, but I really don't like how certain methods of doing things can leave a very broken gameplay to say the least. Like certain weapons should be nerfed massively. I also tried the game out with several mods and enjoyed that as well.Overral GREAT game: so worth $10 spent.If you like sandbox and exploration games THIS GAME IS FOR YOU.10/10
BensPortal	Recommended	41.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/BensPortal/	A good 2D GameHighly recommended to play with friends.
Not Availabe	Recommended	790.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/IReallyDontLikeMySelf/	Got nearly 800 hours on this game. Can say that it was worth the cash I spent on it.
GlassNade	Recommended	153.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/GlassNade/	While some people would call it a 2D version of minecraft. The fact that you mine ressources to fight some boss is where their similarities mainly end.While miencraft has much mor eemphasis on building large sculptures, structures and machines. Terraria focuses more on an RPG-esque style. With different fighting styles, armors and weapons to acommodate different playstyles as you go through thte game.With friends this game is really entertaining. You can sink hours into mining in the underground, building a haven and craft all sorts of items and weapons and gear to helpy ou on your adventure.The map is large, and the underground is massive with lots to explore. Unique locations and enemies specific to biomes and locations in the game.The game has so many things you can do that you can easily sink up to 100 hours into it as it stands. And even then coming back to it and do it all again with a new character with more friends, new ideas on how to play or even challenges can make the game even more fun as well.That being sad the game is not flawless. The crafting system is simplified compared to minecraft since you only need the materials and crafting station to make items. But there are so many recipes that it is easy to get lost.It is hard to tackle the game without using a wiki at the side, which can ruin the experience for some people, The expert mode is incredibly hard and sees you dying a lot so if you don't like that either the game is not for you either.The game's style is pixelart and feels a bit retro, which can turn people of as well. The soundtrack is relaxing and and shares a somewhat retro feel to it.The bosses are fun to fight against and provide challenges to overcome and preparing for them can be tedious while for some it adds more excitement to it.Finally playing with friends means that some of you will be undergeared throughout your playthrough which can be annyoign for those who aren't well geared. The only way to work around is too cheat (not condoned) or farm ressources for a very long time.Overall I'd say the game is worth your time. it is cheap and if you can play with friends it becomes an enjoyable experience. I personalyl feel like playing it in single player really makes you miss out on the fun. But it is relatively cheap so I say get it if you have a weekend to spend with your friends.
ardy	Recommended	1,937.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198042157483/	Buy at your own risk, you won't go to jail, but you will serve time.
elohim_essaim	Recommended	61.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/fireflame988/	You know how an Italian chef kisses his fingers and says something in Italian that translates to "A masterpiece" after tasting their own dish? That's how I feel about this game.
豆肛門	Recommended	880.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198035351615/	Classic story time, yippee skippy. Terraria is a classic veteran of my library that was originally given to me as a gift. Being the tasteless, unrefined scrublord that I was back in the day, I didn't understand the controls and the fact that "E" was not universally the use button. I then dismissed it and left it alone for 3 months before picking it up again. It was the best decision I had ever processed through my hormone-riddled child mind. Terraria is a beautifully crafted game that only aged well (so far, but in a game like this it's hard to mess up), like cheese to wine.PROS:+ Mother of Jesus I can have all this content and you're telling me I DON'T have to purchase DLC for it? You're telling me there is NO in-game purchases for self-entitled whiny brats? Oh Re-Logic, you lovable scamps you. Seriously marry me I have the ring in my back pocket and my front pockets and my trachea + Better than Minecraft in many different regards, and you don't even NEED to mod this game or be in 3D to experience it! Sure, lack of depth. Lack of environtment or whatever. Hope the sheer amount of gear and lack of the "we sold this game to Microsoft" smell compared to unmodded Minecraft doesn't mean jack to you.+ Virtually no bugs! Unless you go about searching them to report 'em and be a buzzkill/sincerely good person, playing the game normally shouldn't really cause any problems. Hey Skyrim, look at THIS game and tell me that it needs Unofficial Patches, eh?+ Customization is just oh. Gimme some'a dat. More costume items then you have chests for. Dyes in all colors of the rainbow (including rainbow). A recently-added feature that allows your trinkets to be shown visually on the player. YOU DON'T HAVE TO BUY ANY OF IT.  Stop complaining TF2, Spiral Knights and Fashionogi, you got burned so hard dry ice is backing away in fear.CONS:- The griefing can be a real pain. This all depends on the moderation and quality of the server, however. Walking into a server, you can expect to see either a beautiful metropolis with almost all the real estate taken up, or a barren wasteland devoid of all asthetic wonders besides for dirt walls floating in the sky and some torches. Maybe a table. - Adding on to the whole griefing con, TNT and explosives in general. These simple blocks (and two ammo types) and throwable projectiles can WRECK near anything in the environment, which includes your house. Fortunately for you, most good servers come with some form of protection so that your house isn't raided and destroyed after 3 hours away. Or you could, y'know, share a house with someone else.In conclusion, Terraria is good. No, I'm serious. You read any of my reviews? This is normally a paragraph in itself. But whatever, TERRARIA IS GOOD. IT JUST IS OK TRUST ME I KNOW WHAT I'M KNOWING JESUS CHRI
Damil	Recommended	290.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Damil/	Better than Minecraft.
UpmostGOD	Recommended	127.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/UpmostCS/	Made CharacterDiedRespawnedMade wooden armourDug holeDiedFound the wikiFought bossesDiedBeat all pre-plantera bossesDiedFought planteraBeat planteraFought GolemBeat GolemFought a ZombieDied10/10 would die again!
Gmattonline	Recommended	35.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198332009628/	Product received for free
Daisu	Recommended	1,278.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198072270357/	This is one of the best 2D games I've played. Is it worth the money? Of course! I've had it for years and still enjoying it. This game has one of the best developers and the most awesome community, positive people and... well, if you get this game you'll see it yourself. Updates happen really often and all of them are really awesome.In Terraria you start off with barely any items and you have to progress into the game and make your way to the last boss, but it doesn't end there! Even when you defeat every event, invasion, boss, enemies, it is still not over. The game offers many challenges, you can come up with some of them yourself 'cause why not? When you're bored you can invite some of your friends and do the challenges together, you can choose to have a permanent char or a hardcore one, when you die the char is gone, there will always be a challenge for you.So if you've been playing for a while like me, the game still has stuff to offer you. You can build many awesome buildings, farm cool, rare and good lookin' items and show them off to your friends, make different characters with different loadouts and well... let's say you'll always have stuff to do. And! Even if you get bored from all of this, people make many different mods which you can install and experience new mobs, weapons, bosses, events and such, so you can never say that you fully defeated the game, there will always be stuff to do for you :) Enjoy the game.
Henry Hoover	Recommended	305.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/HenryHoover/	This game is the greatest 2D game I've ever played. Getting started is usually hard and the first night isn't a piece of cake (unless you're an experienced player). When you get to hardmode by winning the Wall of Flesh, things become even harder.
buttons15	Recommended	99.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/watchman2015/	****1/24.5 out of 5If you told me a year ago, I'd be playing (and thoroughly enjoying) a game where you have to dig dirt for hours, I'd call you bonkers.And yet here it is, the simplest but most addictive 2D sandbox that Steam has to offer. Actually simplest maybe a stretch, granted the game is at first easy to learn, but to actually advance in the game you're going to need a wiki open every five seconds...but that's not necessarily a bad thing, it just proves just how much depth this game has to offer.In short, I would recommend this to anyone who loves games. 
WolfIzSheep	Recommended	34.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Michizul/	i like this game so much that i never ran out of things to do herethis game is so open for many things you can think of like...building a housekilling an npcbuilding somethingcutting treeskilling bossesexterminating a biomestopping an invasioncrafting a swordbecoming linkbecoming a christmas treeriding a bunnykilling a bunnyburnin some zombiesstealing goldlooting a chestand many more! ps. this game is the best sandbox game i have ever played 
pos	Recommended	199.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/shiloh_/	Extremely fun, but I think I played a tad too much this week.
Sam The MechaSoul	Recommended	624.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/2341235121/	Best Game Ever Made!!
Pinballwiz45b	Recommended	222.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/pinballwiz45b/	Recently got back into this game, and it hooked me before I even knew it. Very enjoyable game.
Saga	Recommended	330.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/saga-brand/	Notable features:*Like a hundred weapons or something*Sound effects*Hardcore mode for those who like eternal torment*A hoverboard*A puppy*More puns than you could shake a slime at*Extremely accurate dirt physics*BeesI've spent at least 300 hours on Terraria (242 on record, but we all know how accurate that is) and darn if I don't keep coming back. Endgame is now more challenging than ever with the 'Moon events, and co-op is quick to set up if you'd rather dig/fight/explore/build with a partner or three. With lots of replayability due to the sheer amount of content in the game paired with the randomly generated worlds, this title will keep you coming back for more. At the time of writing this there are even more content updates planned. If you're one of the four people in the world that hasn't already bought Terraria, I would highly suggest you do. (If you're waiting for Starbound to be less messy and unpolished, I find Terraria works wonders as well.)
llauqS	Recommended	88.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/llauqS/	You're gonna dig this game. Literally.It has a great game vintage look and a very pleasing soundtrack, which is a very important part of a vintage game.It takes you back to the SNES games. It provides you that arcade fun that a fast paced game always delivers but at the same time, if you are that other kind of player, the one who really digs into the game, it can be something else for you.It can be very detailed on many levels since it provides you discovery, adventure, defense, building and organizing.It's not just a pretty game. It's really relaxing and makes you feel lonely, but the good kind of loneliness. The one we're all looking for in a discovery game in a big area to explore and make it your way.Playing with friends is also great but not mandatory. Still Multiplayer works very well and it's pretty simple to set things up.Whether you want to spend time or be a great explorer, Terraria delivers what a game of its genre promises. With an addendum: Beautifully.2018 and it's still awesome. Nostalgic and kinda ahead of its time. Yeah, Terraria can do that.
spoopy poopo	Recommended	729.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kingofthebeenus/	How do you not already have this game?10/10 Modern classic
Pryme2000	Recommended	923.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198049835780/	Honestly idk where to begin, i have 500+ hours on this game and it has to be my favorite game to this day. If you're looking for a good game you can sit and play for awhile this is the game to go to. You can play the game, progress and stop... Or you can do what me and my friends did and play around, build amazing houses, chalange yourself with multipul bosses and cool arena's. Its all around a great sandbox game that i play all the time, Now if you"ll exuse me im gonna go play terraria!
Dawi	Recommended	515.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198065777095/	one of the best games ive ever played! It never gets boring, whether you're just starting out or you're going for the final boss. The mechanics of the game are fantastic, and there is always something to do. 150+ hours of great fun guaranteed (if you want). It's also incredible to play with friends- the servers are easy to set up, and using a port forwarding app like Hamachi means you can play within a minute of setting up. TOP GAME =)
DixieFlatline_01	Recommended	167.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/DixieFlatline_01/	This game is like Legos on crack. The old-school SNES visuals are pure nostalgia, while the complexity and depth of the overarching mechanics provide surprisingly huge entertainment value. Most of all, in an age of publisher-rushed, broken, big-budget titles, this game is fun, balanced, and it actually works!
Lee Dong Chul	Recommended	57.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/LeeDongChul/	GOD GAME
Xxjavi5xX AK-1tap	Recommended	120.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Xxjavi5xX/	The best 2D sandbox game you can buy in Steam.
Iceman2606	Recommended	357.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/26iceman06/	Is a really cool game to play.10%10
Gosh's Son moat.gg	Recommended	253.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/flameboy63/	I think terraria is a amazing game! It has fantastic gameplay and graphics. It is so much fun and it makes it better when playing with friends. It has awesome weopons,enemys,bosses,tools and biomes. I would rate this game 10/10!!! 
bubble muffins	Recommended	11.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/digithacks/	Pretty Great 2D Game On Steam10/10
Dani06Dani	Recommended	432.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198153239101/	Best Game EVER!!!
Orange Cup	Recommended	384.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mypenisdrawsattention/	I like. It fun. Go play.
󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡	Recommended	413.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/YeboiJeff/	Good to play with friends.
DJ_Raptor_XE	Recommended	4.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198262557150/	Alright so for starters this game is actually suprisingly VERY fun. Even on singleplayer i just had so much fun.Of course, i sucked at the game so it was me basically trying to build a house all the time, but it was a great time.The enemy designs are neat, the entire thing is neat actually.This is nothing like Minecraft, it's actually very very different from it.The only reason you would even call it a rip off of it is because pickaxes and mining and building.Even though... there's tons of games out like that.Anyways, i would recommend this. I bet it's fun with friends!
¤ Ͳαіԍα ¤	Recommended	3,223.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TaigaOverend/	 In Terraria you can do amazing things like defeat 14 bosses, build awesome things, and just make freinds! Also Terraria has over 3400 items. I think Terraria is a great game when you are bored or when you just want to have fun!
HoH.Bird鸟哥	Recommended	274.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/wingbrokendd/	This is the first game in my library. The best sand box I played , enjoy it guys.
Rawn	Recommended	4.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198060077381/	Bought the game, had no idea what to do. Got yelled at and felt dumb.10/10 would buy again
WtfSkyz	Recommended	420.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/DoublADemetrius/	A fun and basically endless game
DarkAngel	Recommended	79.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Tausha9304/	This game is just amazingYes, it might get alittle harder now and then but its totally worth it!!
Ignifyre	Recommended	552.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Ignifyre/	Fun.
ThatIanGuy	Recommended	834.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ThatIanGuy/	10/10 would sacrifice Guide again.
lafaman	Recommended	264.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/lafaman/	Fun game to play with friends gg 21/9if u have no friends . . . its stilll fun gg 20/9
Jordan	Recommended	1,793.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198049268388/	Fun and addicting with excellent replay value. Great price, great game!
lafaman	Recommended	264.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/lafaman/	Fun game to play with friends gg 21/9if u have no friends . . . its stilll fun gg 20/9
treez	Recommended	32.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/1337pac/	Better than minecraft, why ? - more blocks, more mobs, more weapons, more tools, more worlds, more everything.
any sfmers in chat boys	Recommended	791.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/eggscrackinmyass/	the forums banned me for making hte admin cry11/10
Fenrir	Recommended	262.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Mrjdaniels/	People's think this game is "minecraft in 2D" well..ITS SO MUCH MORE! You can do so much in this game! You can play days in the same world. With friends you can even play weeks. Very recommanded game. BUT i recommand to play with wiki open.
HoH.Bird鸟哥	Recommended	274.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/wingbrokendd/	This is the first game in my library. The best sand box I played , enjoy it guys.
Davoodinator	Recommended	36.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/davoodinator/	im a starmade addict as i love building things. i figured this game was on sale lets try itfor a 2d game its pretty deep. im barely past the beginning really @ 31 hours. even though ive mined down to the bottom.  i found tons of stuff i couldn't mine with a gold pick and i triggered some boss that chain killed me . i can see myself playing this for 100s of hours easily exploring randomly generated worlds and building traps and palaces.
Rawn	Recommended	4.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198060077381/	Bought the game, had no idea what to do. Got yelled at and felt dumb.10/10 would buy again
nyles	Recommended	510.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/NylesAW/	my family doesn't know me
Hazard Hyena	Recommended	431.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Sapphire_Pheonix/	love this game sooo much keep going with the updates!!!!
nyles	Recommended	510.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/NylesAW/	my family doesn't know me
Zach	Recommended	240.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ZachRixon/	First of all, I just want to press this issue: This is not a minecraft clone, or just "2D Minecraft" honestly, the most similarity they have is the concept of digging, building, and fighting. But it stops there. Even those concepts are so much more different from minecraft. It is a great game, and it has great replay value. It is more RPG focused than minecraft (Especially if you download Nterraria), and it can take real life weeks to get to "Endgame", at which point, you are ready to begin the mid level of game.Highly Reccomend.
gizmomonkey2008	Recommended	1,463.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198072485228/	very great game and always fun played over 2k hours. There are moment I get frustrated but that is only when I keep failing to beat a boss of course it is my fault because I hit the wrong button. Looking forward to terraria otherworld when it does come out and always willing to test it if needed too just message if needed. Thanks
Booleroni	Recommended	44.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/creativeurlcreatedbyme/	Way better than Minecraft.
Violet	Recommended	93.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/vioooolettt/	>Day 1: Beat first three bosses and Queen Bee.>Day 2: MINE.>Day 3: Beat Wall Of Flesh.>Days 4 and 5: Go insane from mineing.>Day 6: Beat Three Mechanichal bosses.>Day 7: Take small Break.>Day 8: Beat Plantera, The Golem, And Lunatic Cultist. Beat 2 Towers.>Day 8 (cont.): Realize you cannot beat the other two towers because you don't have good gear but you can't get good gear untill you destroy the towers but you cant destroy the towers untill you have the gear and have a mental breakdown and cry in a discord chat with three other people in the voice chat with you.10/10 Would Be stuck in infinite logic loop again.
Mikhail	Recommended	209.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mivanit/	Feels like sidescroller Minecraft with Zelda. Kind of difficult to figure out, so read the wiki. Really fun if you like RPG and Sandbox games.
mesmermei	Recommended	385.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198178475473/	This game is perfection. You can do anything you want. Ride a big slime while flying to the moon via a portal gun launcher? Totally possible.  Get a herd of zombies and watch them get killed by your super secret mega contraption? Do it. Throw your friends into a prison and steal all their stuff? Er, sure..  Just make sure they agreed to it.Build a small wooden hut and spawn a big eye monster that would love to eat you surrounded by hay? Suuuuuure... If you really want it. I hope you get my point. The game is endless.I mean like, you can even bombard rainbow flowers at a big evil white serpent while dancing in your beautiful golden armor. Unicorn included, ofcourse.
F̲̅ᴇ̲̅ᴀ̲̅ʀ̲̅ᴏ̲̅ғ̲̅ʟ̲̅ɪ̲̅ғ̲̅ᴇ̲̅	Recommended	18,807.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Fearoflife/	Its one of the most addicting games ever becase there is so many thing you can do in game. The servers are really lively and everyone can make friends, The Game itself has a good pve enviorment with hard bosses and hard mobs attacking your and the monsters get more difficult at each passing turn but the benefits you get is extremely fun as well. Pvp is extremely flexible and fun, the three classes and the combinations on what set you can choose makes pvp challenging and rewarding. Best thing about it, YOU DONT NEED MODS , to make this game great its just naturally great... all i have to say NERF THE TERRA BLADE RED WHY DID U MAKE IT STRONGER , WHY IN THE HEAVENS WOULD U DO THAT!
Øff	Recommended	101.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198056526892/	I once kept all the bosses in balance, Skeletron, King Slime, Eye of Cthulhu, and Eater of WorldsBut that all changed when my save data was deletedNow, only my Backup USB, master of save data,  can restore my progressBut, when I needed it most, it vanished.
Xiao Lanjiao	Recommended	49.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/XiaoLanjiao/	The best game on the market I rate it 10/10Can't find any similar games that's betterIt's a really fun game, I really recomend it to be played with friends since it's more fun.But I was disappointed upon hearing Terarria : Otherworld cancellation.I hope the developers are going to give us more updates for the compensation.
月逸清闲	Recommended	288.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kyoron123/	We need creative workshops
New Player, Be Nice	Recommended	138.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ImpalaPUA/	TLDR:Adding to the positive reviews that this game deserves. Amazing game, must buy, should be in anyone's games list.Short Review:Not much to be said that someone else hasn't already said. I have played every game in Terraria's genre and nothing comes close to being as good as Terraria. There is a reason it's the most rated game on Steam. Terraria is perfect for people that want to have a lot to do, but also is great for people that just want to express their creativity with building random stuff.Terraria Otherworld hasn't been announced for steam yet, so if you read this you should post on their forums for a steam release. Amazing Game: 10/10 
Scaredy-cat	Recommended	531.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/veryscaredcat/	Terraria is very fun 2D adventure game that can easily give you more than 50 hours of enjoyable gameplay. In Terraria you have various types of weapons and enemies from banana boomerang to lightsabers and from a deadly jellyfish to a clown that throws bombs.Sadly after you get the best gear it starts to feel bit boring as the enemy feels too easy to defeat. Overall I suggest giving this game a try.
themaelstorm	Recommended	296.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/themaelstorm/	My favorite sandbox-building game.It is sandbox, but it has progress.It is not an RPG, but there are bits and pieces that feels like it's a world.Game play ramps up in difficulty in right amounts but you can always make it harder by jumping in Expert mode (with better rewards, too!).Multiplayer is also a lot of fun and the way the game plays out, laughter and teamwork spirit is guaranteed. Or adrenaline, if you are into pvp! >: DThe variety is incredible and the developers are amazing.To this day, they've been supporting this game.It also has a great community.Seriously, if you like these types of games, you must be ashamed not to have played it.If you want to get in the genre, it is an ideal game to start.
Judicious Use Of Deadly Force	Recommended	483.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/fsmoura/	Very addictive: prepare to lose OVER 9000 hours! [1][1] 8,000 hours, in the original, before translation.
Elyraion	Recommended	438.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Elyraion/	Zombies wear raincoats when it rains! 10/10
DeathClaw	Recommended	383.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198068849291/	Product received for free
Tech	Recommended	390.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TechOnPC/	Terraria is a great adventure, one of the best sandbox games around, and an absolute steal for ten bucks on Steam. It's well worth checking out for anyone, regardless of how they feel about Minecraft. Despite having one fewer dimension, Terraria hides greater depth than its 3D cousin.
Shrombus	Recommended	1,761.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/shroogles/	Played it for a few hours, it's ok
AComputerMouse	Recommended	558.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198197116169/	very good. I think it is the best game
Totally Not Smurfing	Recommended	6.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ChaosDusts/	---{Graphics}---☐ You forget what reality isX Beautiful☐ Good☐ Decent☐ Bad☐ Don‘t look too long at it☐ Paint.exe---{Gameplay}---☐ Very goodX Good☐ It‘s just gameplay☐ Mehh☐ Starring at walls is better☐ Just don‘t---{Audio}---☐ EargasmX Very good☐ Good☐ Not too bad☐ Bad☐ Earrape---{Audience}---X KidsX TeensX AdultsX Human---{PC Requirements}---☐ Check if you can run paint☐ PotatoX Decent☐ Fast☐ Rich boiiiiii☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer---{Difficulity}---☐ Just press ‚A‘X Easy☐ Significant brain usage☐ Easy to learn / Hard to master☐ Difficult☐ Dark Souls---{Grind}---X Nothing to grind☐ Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks☐ Isnt necessary to progress☐ Average grind level☐ Too much grind☐ You‘ll need a second live for grinding---{Story}---X Story?☐ Text or Audio floating around☐ Average☐ Good☐ Lovley☐ It‘ll replace your life---{Game Time}---☐ Long enough for a cup of coffee☐ Short☐ Average☐ LongX To infinity and beyond---{Price}---☐ It’s free!X Worth the price☐ If u have some spare money left☐ Not recommended☐ You could also just burn your money---{Bugs}---☐ Never heard ofX Minor bugs☐ Can get annoying☐ ARK: Survival Evolved☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs
❄Game Explorer 🔥	Recommended	62.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/RoninHunteer1337/	This game is really wonderful! Is it like minecraft?-I think just a little! Game is in 2D and crafting is very funny! Nights are always long so its really like other survival and crafting gamesIs it good like minecraft?- Of course is it! Can you play multiplayer?- Yes this game can play as multiplayer too! So bring on and let's play with friendIs it worth of buying and spending time on it?- Yes, this game will make you happy and your going to make big houses,castles and even more!This game deserve 10/10 really good game you can't say this is bad game!
Huh?	Recommended	577.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/0h15ee/	Finishes killing the moon lordgets killed by a flying fish6/10 plz nerf flying fish
Soldado Ryan	Recommended	59.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/MishaZeHealer/	BEST ♥♥♥♥ING GAME EVER
Damien The Mighty	Recommended	44.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/45262/	The only limit in that game is imagination,that will say how much you like the game or how much time you will spend in that game.Fun,simplist and addicting.
Envy	Recommended	1,787.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TenaciousDuane/	1.3 IS FRICKING AMAZING
EgN| ๖ۣۜCaptain_Gama free hugs	Recommended	727.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Gamanima/	This is a good game :D has some challenges, has some easy bits and has some nice things to add on ^~^
FatBatMan	Recommended	239.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ult3r1or/	I used to play with Lego a lot as a child. Just, piles and piles of the stuff, and I'd build things which, to be honest with myself, were probably quite rubbish. But I lost myself in these worlds, where the possibilities were endless and I could keep playing and playing and playing...As I grew older, life started hitting back. My Lego got dusty. There were moments, when younger family came round, when the Lego would come out and I'd look at and wish I could have that feeling again - I felt like I would never really have that childlike immersion in something again because my brain is filled with useless things like how taxes work and how to open a bank account.Terraria solved that. I get so distracted in this game, there's so much stuff I want to do, and so much stuff to do. I love the freedom and I love the fact that there are bosses and quests to do but they're not shoved down your throat. There are elements of kookiness (the Hallows) and elements of seriousness (the Wall of Flesh, the Crimson) and nothing beats stumbling on some new area and thinking "I wonder if I can use these things to make a suit of bees?".It's a fantastic game, well worth full price, and definitely recommended jamming with friends.And yes, you can make a suit of bees. And fire a bee gun.
☢ IamUSER ☢	Recommended	6,254.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/IamUSER/	Great community fun! Easy and engaging multiplayer! Check out my server! http://steamcommunity.com/groups/WhunderWORLD#VANILLA GAME USES HORRIBLE SECURITY FOR MULTIPLAYER. DEVELOPER LAZY.
^^o^^ BatCat	Recommended	2,179.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198024021699/	I have Alot more than a few hours in Terraria..."Its not my kind of game.." Lots say that that, so did I. Its a great game.!It just keeps getting better over time. Creativity, content and suprises.. all fabulous.There are many reasons why it is in the top 20, or so, of the currently PLAYED games on Steam.But simply, its a great game.
☢ IamUSER ☢	Recommended	6,254.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/IamUSER/	Great community fun! Easy and engaging multiplayer! Check out my server! http://steamcommunity.com/groups/WhunderWORLD#VANILLA GAME USES HORRIBLE SECURITY FOR MULTIPLAYER. DEVELOPER LAZY.
Envy	Recommended	1,787.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TenaciousDuane/	1.3 IS FRICKING AMAZING
Danny T.	Recommended	335.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198090747938/	Awesome game
mrdockingson	Recommended	735.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198070561515/	amazing game tons of hours put into it but now that ive drained it of all of its content its hard to go back to
Wolf	Recommended	257.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198084294527/	Terraria is a game that I first looked at as a 2d Minecraft. Oh how wrong I was! Terraria is amazing to play in either singleplayer or multiplayer. I Put in countless hours and ever since the 1.2 update I've found myself puting countless more. I would recommend Terraria to anyone - Casual Gamers, Hardcore Gamers, and all the in-between. It certainly holds all the elements I look for in a game!
Bob Newby (New Mouse)	Recommended	154.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/chimneyswift11/	An awesome side scrolling, 2D, open world game that has endless depth. A must play for any gamer!
Acies	Recommended	174.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/IIIIIIllllllllllIIIIlI/	One of the best games on steam, a true treasure. This game is absolutely astonishing. This game made me join steam and stay in the community and I am so glad I did.
Soldado Ryan	Recommended	59.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/MishaZeHealer/	BEST ♥♥♥♥ING GAME EVER
Jamesz52	Recommended	631.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Jamesz52/	A fun sandbox game of survival and creativity. Definateley worth 10 bucks.
Iron Juice	Recommended	4,011.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Iron_Juice/	Its ok.
RazingHel	Recommended	25.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/razinghel/	A great pixel-art sidescrolling sandbox game with more than a nod to Minecraft.
Bonsai	Recommended	1,618.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198068149601/	need more hours to make a proper judgement
ᴊᴇssɪᴄᴀ	Recommended	238.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ExcuseYouBitch/	Minecraft 0/10Terraria 10/10BUY IT!10x more content then Minecraft and 10x more fun! =D
中国の切手	Recommended	101.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/menoxenon/	Good game, better than minecraft :D
Six	Recommended	85.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ferru/	Mix Minecraft, 2D and a lot more things to do, and you will get Terraria.It's a very interesting, long and fun game. The boss fights keep you at the edge of the seat, especially when you don't know what your foe is going to do once you see them leave the screen for a moment. (Curse you, Queen Bee)There's only two small problems that i've found about Terraria, these being:1) Hardmode2) The hunt for the Truffle Worm (a boss-summoning item)Once you defeat the Wall Of Flesh (one of the game's bosses), you're introduced into Hardmode. New foes, new weapons, and with your effort, new ores to craft gear with. Problem is, the difficulty gap between Normal and Hardmode is a very big  one. You could be pretty much jumping from fighting 50 HP zombies to suddenly being chased by 300 HP werewolves. Still, once you get the hand of it (and the gear, of course), you'll fight your way through your enemies without trouble.Now, to the Truffle Worm. It's used to spawn Duke Fishron, a boss whose gear will help you reach the endgame. Said worm is very hard to find, sometimes taking you 15 minutes if you're not careful enough, as it burrows itself if you go too close without noticing. Then again, patience makes the master, and with time you'll catch one. (EDIT September 18th 2018: That and the fact that you can easily build a farm for those bloody worms. Check on youtube videos for that one.) Oh, and if you do catch one of the worms, don't forget your healing potions. It already happened to me.Overall, a pretty good game. The difficult bosses, interesting NPCs and powerful gear will go with you through your journey. Enjoy Terraria!(EDIT: Read the comments section for more info!)
XEPTO	Recommended	247.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198050287382/	Disliking this game is like hating Nutella... you can't hate Nutella.11/10
Far Fetched	Recommended	264.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Rileydf/	Honestly quite a beautiful game. It allows you as a player to explore your inner creativity and explore a unique world. This game is well made with little to no bugs seen. It gives striking visuals as well as well developed animations and sprites. Furthermore, the game offers an excellent progression system where you overcome many bosses with the items you create. This aspect of the game is fun however the grind can be boring for players who do not enjoy the act of grinding for drops or certain ores. One of my favourite aspects of the game is the unique and creative bosses to overcome. I would recommend this game if you enjoy creative sandbox games and exploration.
DingleFluff	Recommended	166.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198069307404/	Terraria, while many who haven't played it believe it to be a minecraft knock-off, is actually so much more fun in my opinon for the giant amount of enemies, craftable weapons and armour and most importantly the boss fights which need to be prepared for because of the difficulty. Terraria was the first game I ever bought on steam last year and I still enjoy playing it with friends because of its hack and slash feel as well as tactics being involved in order to have the upper hand over the enemy. Those sligh zombies think they can destroy my fort, NEVER!
prawn	Recommended	192.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/prawnq/	Satisfying builder and sandbox adventure with a sense of purpose and direction provided by increasingly difficult bosses. What really sets this one apart is the in-depth mechanical system provided by the wiring and trap systems which can be used to creatively solve pretty much any problem the game throws at you. From beating the final boss in a few milliseconds to a teleporter hub that lets you easily access many parts of your world, your only real limit here is your patience.If this doesn't appeal to you, the game can still be a fun romp with friends to go through and comes highly recommended to play multiplayer.
yotzaR	Recommended	301.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/yotzaR/	This is a drug.
LolindirLink	Recommended	112.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/LolindirLink/	Not just a 2D minecraft.It's way more adventurous and there's still plenty to build.(temp review for Autumn sale 2017)
CaptainTurtle	Recommended	577.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ElectrifiedDiamond/	Very fun game, it has a lot more content that other open world creative games, and also requires much more strategy. If you  want to get good items in the game you actually have to try a little hard.
[RUS] Election Hacker	Recommended	23.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/electionhacker/	Old game but still a lot of fun. Sandbox freedom with both intense and relaxing moments. Solid multiplayer coop mode.
Immortal Bob	Recommended	201.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/immortalbob/	Much life wasted playing this excellent game.
✦StreFie™✦	Recommended	95.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/StreFie/	This is a really fun game because of its exploreations and bosses, with mods the game feels 1000% better adding more bosses and more dugions to explore this is recomended to anyone that enjoyed minecraft and want to have better experiences with blocky worlds
lonelydarksider	Recommended	170.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/lonelydarksider/	 Why I like Terraria? Good question. You see, there is a sense of achievement in Terraria. It's got character. And you can't say that about many games.Originally posted by Tom Mc Shea on GameSpot: Terraria uses an empowering sense of discovery to grab you, and that unrestrained freedom is a double-edged sword. Free to explore the untouched lands, you may happen upon a monster much more powerful than you, or you may find a chest filled with precious treasures. You're never sure where your travels will lead you, but your curiosity is always rewarded. You may gain knowledge, such as knowing not to talk to old men at night, or happen upon a cache of gold, which can be used to forge a powerful sword. It's a world bursting with possibilities. Terraria is an incredible adventure that continually excites your imagination with the endless secrets that await. 
I am a Stegosaurus	Recommended	227.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/paula__xd/	Endless, full of posibilities. It's never boring.
Nikobaltesla	Recommended	640.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198094112179/	This game is awesome! for 500+ hours of play, I have never been disappointed.
RockstarCRO	Recommended	16.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/rockstarcro/	I have absolutely zero interest in Minecraft and haven't done much research on Terraria, but I do know it was a 2D version of what 3D Minecraft is. I have yet to reach Terraria's full potential but from what I see so far, I'm liking it. I'm warning my reader, very easily can you spend a bunch of time playing this game. Why? You can literally make a stairway of dirt to the sky, you can dig to the deepest of the lows, and you can walk continuously left or right to see where the world takes you. Terraria is a splitting of Minecraft. Almost anything can be picked or chopped away at resulting in gaining a resource. For example, you can dig away at a stone, clay, or dirt block and add it to your inventory. With this, you can determine the topography of the immediate surroundings. Don't want a house above ground? Dig a nice big hole, put some wood or stone surrounding the hole or even dirt to find the altitude you want everything at. Besides building with resources, the player can place work benches to construct additional material. What's additional material? It can be weapons, can be armor, can be torches to light up a path for your player at night, can be campfires to heal your player, can be walls made out of cacti, train track for your mining cart, tables, chairs, or antiques that make your house look pretty. It is pretty insane considering the amount of control and combinations that are in this game. I feel like I can literally do anything and go anywhere. There is, of course, exceptions to this. The further you travel from your spawn point, the harder the enemies become as well as the terrain. Random enemies will spawn throughout the game such as walkers or flyers, but at night, zombie looking creatures will come and attack you consistently. The enemies although a welcomed feature, can get pretty annoying after spending a lot of time fighting them. I personally find them numerous and annoying at times, especially when I'm building or cutting something. Traveling to different areas of the game yield different resources. The background/drop will change relative to your position on the map. I also have to add that the way they organized the characters and the worlds is fascinating. I've never had a head-ache free experience with something as similar as this. If you'd like to create a new character but use an old world, you can. If you want a new world with an old character, you also may do that!Graphics are decent and aren't meant to be anything substantial. The artists did a good graphical representation of everything, so it's somewhat difficult to confuse a stone block with an iron block. I did like the fact they added different locations as you progress the map, and the fact they added a day and night scheme. The backgrounds are dynamic and will change over time, even if it is the same background. Sounds are decent. You might go crazy after picking away at your 100th dirt block (*click *click *click). All in all, it's a pretty good game with a lot to do. You will easily find yourself immersed in this sandbox game trying to collect whatever you can get your hands on. Though the premise is cool and the game play, I've had some friends have a hard time get into the game.RATING : 7.35/10The price is reasonably fair but I would recommend a buy on sale.Gameplay B Story / Campaign B Visuals / User Interface C+ Sounds / Music B Replay-ability B Overall  BScreenShots :  What my first home looks like. Living the dream living in a rock/dirt house 
ImAustenK	Recommended	32.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ImAustenK/	Fun game to play with friends.
Mighty Joe	Recommended	400.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SuperJimboBob/	I haven't written a review on this until now for some reason, but my kids love this game. And I have fun playing it with them. It's kind of like Minecraft turned into a sidescrolling 2D world. Kind of. But it's really a thing all its own. You build a home, a fortress, a village, whatever you want. You craft all sorts of crazy items, armor, and weapons. There are a lot of decorative features you can make for your place, and the developers seem to be adding a lot of content. When you get tired of doing this or that, you can do more and more, and then you can unlock hard mode which changes your world in significant ways... or not. My kids like to make a homebase on one world, then create new worlds to explore and mine together. I guess we have made something like Starbound with our imaginations only without any space travel. There are a few bosses to fight if you are looking for a challenge, and it seems like there's always something more to do. I'm not sure how it would hold up if you played to do and beat everything, because the worlds aren't all that big, but if you are looking for a fun leisure activity to do with your kids, give it a try. Check out the graphics before you do, and make sure they're okay with you. Check out the wiki to learn how to make and do different things. I don't think you'll regret your decision if you do get it.
RockstarCRO	Recommended	16.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/rockstarcro/	I have absolutely zero interest in Minecraft and haven't done much research on Terraria, but I do know it was a 2D version of what 3D Minecraft is. I have yet to reach Terraria's full potential but from what I see so far, I'm liking it. I'm warning my reader, very easily can you spend a bunch of time playing this game. Why? You can literally make a stairway of dirt to the sky, you can dig to the deepest of the lows, and you can walk continuously left or right to see where the world takes you. Terraria is a splitting of Minecraft. Almost anything can be picked or chopped away at resulting in gaining a resource. For example, you can dig away at a stone, clay, or dirt block and add it to your inventory. With this, you can determine the topography of the immediate surroundings. Don't want a house above ground? Dig a nice big hole, put some wood or stone surrounding the hole or even dirt to find the altitude you want everything at. Besides building with resources, the player can place work benches to construct additional material. What's additional material? It can be weapons, can be armor, can be torches to light up a path for your player at night, can be campfires to heal your player, can be walls made out of cacti, train track for your mining cart, tables, chairs, or antiques that make your house look pretty. It is pretty insane considering the amount of control and combinations that are in this game. I feel like I can literally do anything and go anywhere. There is, of course, exceptions to this. The further you travel from your spawn point, the harder the enemies become as well as the terrain. Random enemies will spawn throughout the game such as walkers or flyers, but at night, zombie looking creatures will come and attack you consistently. The enemies although a welcomed feature, can get pretty annoying after spending a lot of time fighting them. I personally find them numerous and annoying at times, especially when I'm building or cutting something. Traveling to different areas of the game yield different resources. The background/drop will change relative to your position on the map. I also have to add that the way they organized the characters and the worlds is fascinating. I've never had a head-ache free experience with something as similar as this. If you'd like to create a new character but use an old world, you can. If you want a new world with an old character, you also may do that!Graphics are decent and aren't meant to be anything substantial. The artists did a good graphical representation of everything, so it's somewhat difficult to confuse a stone block with an iron block. I did like the fact they added different locations as you progress the map, and the fact they added a day and night scheme. The backgrounds are dynamic and will change over time, even if it is the same background. Sounds are decent. You might go crazy after picking away at your 100th dirt block (*click *click *click). All in all, it's a pretty good game with a lot to do. You will easily find yourself immersed in this sandbox game trying to collect whatever you can get your hands on. Though the premise is cool and the game play, I've had some friends have a hard time get into the game.RATING : 7.35/10The price is reasonably fair but I would recommend a buy on sale.Gameplay B Story / Campaign B Visuals / User Interface C+ Sounds / Music B Replay-ability B Overall  BScreenShots :  What my first home looks like. Living the dream living in a rock/dirt house 
Angelyss	Recommended	2,158.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/youisfat/	I've played many, many different games in the sandbox genre, but none of them have killed time for me like Terraria has.Yes, not even Minecraft.I'm sure there are people out there with way more hours on Terraria than I do, but I've been playing it for barely half a year and I've racked up over a thousand hours and I don't consider myself a hardcore gamer in the slightest. It's just that addictive, and for good reason too.The special thing about Terraria is that it isn't too focused on either being a sandbox game or an RPG. It's equally balanced in both aspects and that's what makes it so good. With hundreds of different monsters to fight, thousands of items to collect and infinite options on what you want to do in the game, it's not unusual that it still has a loyal playerbase after so many years.The single player experience is by no means bad. The game itself has more than five years worth of dedicated development put into it and the amount of content it presents for its price is very surprising. Even now, the developers of Re-Logic are still working to create new updates for Terraria. However, while the game by itself is sufficiently enjoyable, the multiplayer experience is what puts the crown of sandbox games on Terraria. Playing with friends or simply playing on public servers online with people you don't know is just that much better than exploring a world on your own. I had barely played an hour of single player before going out to find servers to play on.Like Bukkit is to Minecraft, tShock is to Terraria. This server software greatly enhances gameplay, whether you're a server Administrator or a normal player. There are many other mods out there, of course, which you can also download and install to add even more content to the game. Most servers have plugins and addons to make them significantly different from one another. If you're looking for something to play with friends or even find friends with, multiplayer Terraria is for you!Whether or not you decide to buy this to play with other people, it's still a really great game on its own and it does go on sale very often. If you're a little short on cash and don't feel like paying $10, just wait till a seasonal Steam sale or a promotion on a third party site. Terraria is still very much worth paying full price for, though!
Nikobaltesla	Recommended	640.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198094112179/	This game is awesome! for 500+ hours of play, I have never been disappointed.
MrVibrator™	Recommended	72.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/iamnotarealboy/	You think it's all happiness and sunshine, building and digging. Mining and crafting right? Until you go to a little place called The Hallow Biome, then your little sunshine happiness feelings turn into regret. You soon realize your "badass" gear doesn't amount to jack♥♥♥♥♥♥ Puff the magic dragon comes out of left field ♥♥♥♥s your day up and everything in the world wants to take your innocence with a smile and a thankyou. Oh and your only true friend in this ♥♥♥♥ed up adventure. You know, the one that taught you everything you need to know about the ♥♥♥♥ing game. You sacrifice his♥♥♥♥♥just to level up a little more. (Have fun burning in hell!) R.I.P The Guide.But don't take my word for it. buy the game! Live with the regret!
I am a Stegosaurus	Recommended	227.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/paula__xd/	Endless, full of posibilities. It's never boring.
lonelydarksider	Recommended	170.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/lonelydarksider/	 Why I like Terraria? Good question. You see, there is a sense of achievement in Terraria. It's got character. And you can't say that about many games.Originally posted by Tom Mc Shea on GameSpot: Terraria uses an empowering sense of discovery to grab you, and that unrestrained freedom is a double-edged sword. Free to explore the untouched lands, you may happen upon a monster much more powerful than you, or you may find a chest filled with precious treasures. You're never sure where your travels will lead you, but your curiosity is always rewarded. You may gain knowledge, such as knowing not to talk to old men at night, or happen upon a cache of gold, which can be used to forge a powerful sword. It's a world bursting with possibilities. Terraria is an incredible adventure that continually excites your imagination with the endless secrets that await. 
1cy 336	Recommended	59.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198308075797/	great game overall. its a little hard to ge used to at first if you come from console but overall its quite relaxing. ive beat all three mechanical bosses and it wasnt that hard.  I have spent around 50 hours on this game and it is still one of my favorite games to this day. i reccomend this game if you like beating complex bosses, and enjoy collecting LOTS of resources to beat the next boss. overall you should defintily check this game out
Cattrap	Recommended	758.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198035820200/	This is, in my opinion, WAY better than Minecraft. I love the way the game is still being worked on even when there are conflicts inside of Re-Logic, and that they devote their time into making this game better and better.Terraria is what I would call a 2d version of many games mashed together into something unreal. I would LOVE to see more games like this come out in the future.A quick summary of what the game's like;-Crafting and smelting, as with many survival games-Reforging items to get even better modifiers on your gear-Fighting bosses all through the game to advance your progressI love this game because there are both singleplayer and multiplayer modes, so you can make friends and have fun at the same time. There are multiple minigame servers to make friends on as well as challenge them.Please note that this is what I see in the game, and this is likely biased to some people reading this review.I rate this 10/10 stars; I would buy it for a friend if they wanted a sandbox game like this.
bluecoolest	Recommended	464.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/bluecoolest/	If you need/want sleep this game isn't for you...11/10 would play again!
⭐kirakira⭐	Recommended	191.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/hlbkx_lavinia/	超乎想象地好玩
Burn	Recommended	64.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Burn86/	It's a title that will appeal to the adventurer, the explorer and the builder; not to mention those who appreciate a substantial amount of player freedom. If you happen to be all of those things, Terraria is a lightly tarnished treasure. http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=899536628 http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=590463799 http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=676583616 
Apinasan	Recommended	593.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Apinasan/	Don't let the graphics fool you. This is a great game.
Linker	Recommended	848.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Kurakao/	Terraria is the game you play when you are bored and like your girls how you like your game dimensions. the joke is 2D but you got it only if you're a F A G like meTerraria devs are people who really listen to their community and add constantly huge stuff into the game (Mega Update coming 30th June 1.3 hype!!!).I can list a few pros and cons for here and there because this game feels like getting them. It's really awesome but not perfect:Pros:+Tons of things you can spend your lifetime doing for (searching for extremely rare drops or collecting all boss trophies like me)+With friends this game is just perfect because of the epic boss fights and actually making tactics against bosses (hell bridges for WoF and stuff like this)+graphics are pixels that have been done very well with a lovely simple style+Game is really easy to mod. You just create your own sprites or just recolor olds and copy/paste their .ini files in a mod folder. (It sounds hard here but this game has literally one of the easiest modding there is)+Tons of potential to become more awesome+Never lacks content+Boss fights are something beautiful+Has funny items (example: Christmas Tree Sword, Sand Cannon, Swordfish) but also epic items, and even beautiful items+Hundreds of hours of gameplay time+Softcore for people who hate in Minecraft that you lose all your gear if you die. You just drop half of your money you carry on that moment+Able to recall to your spawn point with appropriate item/items (Magic Mirror, Recall Potion)+Tons of roles you can get into like in RPG (Healer, Tank, Warrior, Ranger, Mage, Summoner)Something that's pros and cons at the same time:+/-Is fun in singleplayer but it lacks the fun multiplayer brings+/-Some mobs do damage like♥♥♥♥♥♥even though they aren't bosses+/-Playing with a lot of friends is a struggle to find resources sometimesAnd now the cons (God I hate this part):-Even large world is really small for exploring (approx 13,000 Ft from end to end)-Mid-phase in game is really REALLY hard, but lategame with proper items is just too plain easy (i.e. you don't even need to avoid boss hits)-Never finding Magic Mirror-Some enemies resist KB (knockback) like♥♥♥♥♥♥and thus makes early-game Warrior extremel difficult.-You need to git gud in this game before you actually can survive to endgame.My overall opinion is that I love this game way too hard. I have modded the game and I have played the game from 2012 (cracked version I admit pls dont hit me). This game never lacks fun and something to do unless you really have done everything in the game which takes hundreds and hundreds of hours to do. I have played this game for over 300+ hours (if cracked version is added up too) and I still miss a lot from the game. Terraria most fun when you grab your 1-3 friends and go full ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥pree over who makes houses and who does what and who does that. The game is only 10€ and it's really cheap considering the game has hundreds of hours of content.TL;DR: 9.8/10 me and my friend lose a boss fight because we forgot PvP on and he 1-shotted me and boss 1-shotted my friend. Children never forget PvP on in a boss fight. 
☭chainsawKILLERS☭	Recommended	169.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198085983962/	good game
Lord	Recommended	0.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Kris2KTV/	I have no idea what I'm doing in this game but I like it.
MissMango	Recommended	164.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/missmang0/	when i wake up, all i think about is digging
Kooz	Recommended	490.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198091587683/	Terraria is life. Live life...
Omega Deicide	Recommended	86.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Omega_Deicide/	I like to play in hardcore mode.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ECR0oGtAsuQDigging ditches for slimes and zombies = Salt Mining.
T҉h҉e҉ ҉W҉o҉r҉s҉t҉ ҉O҉n҉e҉	Recommended	579.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198064674273/	Feeling bored? Wanna do some cool stuff? THEN GET TERRAIRA! :C oh and that is order It's pretty cool game as everyone say it's minecraft 2D But what i say IT"S WAY better than minecraft Minecraft have few stuff and world But Terraira have many stuff! Magic Melee Range Summon! All these can be yours :3 If i was you i will buy it right now! there is no need to think about buying or not.I hope this was useful to make you buy this awesome game :P
dragon beast	Recommended	169.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/thedragonn1/	great game
][ONLY³][™ Evans	Recommended	126.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/bleuskais/	One of the best games out there, hundreds of hours for a very cheap price (even without mods!).And if you got some friends to play along it's even better!
TheeMan	Recommended	220.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/knownastheCoolestDudeinSteam/	A Really nice game that you can play alone or with friendsupdate; i played 210+ hours and still love it so much i'm going to marry it and have terraria babys :DOne day i went outside and i started to burn like day light is killing me. .ouch! that hurts time to go back to my room so i can play more of this game and where my bat friends are waiting in my pure dark room filled with bat poop.
BobTheBobCatt	Recommended	231.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/RealBobTheBobCatt/	Gives you something to do whenever you are bored.
-MayLax-	Recommended	104.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/BlijgasjeXD/	Someone has gifted me this game, so I thought why not give it a try?It's a fun game with a lot of Minecraft hints. I do prefer to play this game with friends, because it gets kind of boring on my own. Down here I will write my upsides and downsides of this game:Upsides:-It's fun to play with friends-Many ways to mess around with friends -Lots of monsters to fight against-Lots and lots of things to build and craft -GRAVESTONE WRITING!!!  (Fun to mess around with and to tease friends)Downsides:-Small glitches -Map glitches-LAVA!!! :C (Just kidding it's all part of it)Overall opinion:-Fun game, hours of fun is guaranteed -Looks nice and nostalgic -The game is fairly worth it's price, though I'd recommend buying it during a sale.I'd rate this game: 8/10 it's fun, but gets boring while playing alone..
Coffeeadikt	Recommended	715.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/coffeeadikt/	Nintendo adventure nostalgia meets Minecraft creativity and exploration. Play by yourself or with friends.
traydenpoke	Recommended	70.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/itshighevening/	Hello there slime NOOOO.Day 1: Punch a tree for what feels like 10 hours.Day 2: TRY to make a furnace, but it turns out your 1 stone short.Day 3: MAke it down to hell for some reason, get hit off by a fire imp.Day 5: Try to beat the eye of cthulu with just shurikens; actually worksDay 10: Full platinum, beat skeletron.Day 50: Best items pre-hardmode, fight wall of flesh, wall at 5 hp and you get hit by a fire imp...Day 50 1/2: Beat wall of fleshDay 100: Beat moon loardDay 101: Try to beat moon lord but your computer was broken.11/5 would beat game then break computer again\(extremely reccomended) 
Bro͜t̨h́erPo͜t̶ato̴	Recommended	1,253.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198049948120/	Meeh
Koolkit™	Recommended	752.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198025264865/	This is by far one of the most enjoyable games I own. At only $10, it's a steal for the amount of replayability that the game offers.Co-op with friends offers countless hours of fun, as you explore the randomly generated world, fight interesting and dangerous creatures, and collect better equipment in an effort to constantly improve yourself for the bosses. It's one of those games that really makes time fly by. One look at the clock after playing this, and you'll wonder where your day went to.Terraria is one of the best Indie games that I know of for building structures. The amount of freedom that it gives the player to be as creative as they want in house design is truly amazing, and the structures that can be built are virtually limitless. Want to make a fully underwater headquarters? Easy. Or are you the type that likes to build a sprawling land fortress that's heavily defended with traps? You can do that too. Or perhaps a space station is more your style? Go for it.All in all, this game easily deserves a 10/10. With co-op adventuring, building, and fighting, you'd be silly not to invest the $10 and have this game in your library.
Epikduck1337	Recommended	514.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/epikduck/	It's a very fun game with action and adventure! Build a house, kill demon eyes, fight bosses, trade with NPC's and more! When you begin, it feels boring. But when you get to the cool stuff (like new swords, armor) you start liking the game. So get your tools and start playing!
MOLON LABE	Recommended	218.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198028686105/	This game is still cool every time i get on to play! I would recomend it to anyone. :D
Bianca Shiro	Recommended	683.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TheDreamProfessor/	If you're a fan of sandbox games, platformers, as well as some RPG progression, then this should be right up your alley.It isn't really a 2D Minecraft, as it places a lot more emphasis on combat and character progression rather than Minecraft's exploration and building. Sure, you can build a stylish base if you want (and it can be incredibly fun with a bit of imagination), but if you find that kind of thing boring, the game also has a lot more depth than just building. I find the combat a lot more fun, because rather than just a sword and a bow that only comes in one flavor, you've got magic items, guns, boomerangs, and several other different kinds of weapons that I really feel keeps combat fresh. Also, by endgame, you're so OP that it's hilarious to just watch everything around you burn. The multiplayer, while hard to set up at first, is also a blast. Who wouldn't want to beat up baddies with your buddies?Oh, and the music's great too. I've always loved good game musicThat being said, it's not perfect. There are still a couple problems with it, but they're just my opinions. First up, the game can feel a little bit too grindy at points, especially with the endgame loot. Some of the ultimate weapons are locked in chests, and require drops that are a 1/2500 chance to drop. (It was previously 1/8000... roughly about the chance of finding a SHINY POKEMON) I won't spoil much else though. Another problem I have is that after you beat all the bosses and become that ultimate one man army, there's not much else to do besides building and PVP. But hey, it was a fun ride there.So where am I going with this? Well, first for you TL;DR people (You know who you are), I'll just list the pros and cons.PROS   +The game has a lot more depth besides just buiding and exploring   +The various weapon types keep combat fresh and interesting   +The world, while not infinite, has a lot of different types of environments to explore   +When building, there are a lot of thematic options to choose from, as well as a lot of options to decorate your buildings   +Multiplayer is a lot of fun   +You can choose exactly how punishing you want death to be (Lose half of your money, lose all of your inventory, lose your character outright)   +The music is so awesome CONS   -Can get a little grindy, especially for endgame loot   -After you defeat all the bosses and are fully geared up, there isn't much else to doAll in all, Terraria is one of my favorite games on Steam, and you should give it a try if my first sentence applies to you.If there's anything I left out, I'll edit this as more things come to me.
duiisreallydumb	Recommended	238.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198139611452/	Diamonds aren't blue 11/10 -IGN
Ravioly	Recommended	120.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198049769400/	"Heyy! Where am I? oh wait....a forest..... and a tree.... can I cut it down? niceee...... if I go this way? oh♥♥♥♥♥♥what is th- " Over all : 7.7/10This is the second game by far of my review, hope this help you decide or what not to play this game, so MOVE ALONG!What is Terraria?ehem..... okay... Terraria is a 2D side scroll adventure-ish sand-boxed RPG game! (really it is!)simple enough by traveling through world up,side ways and mostly... downward. Also Fighting monsters and discovertons of loot.... surely you can solo this or with your freinds,how cool is that!So? Anymore detail?Sure it is! Terraria gave you quiteeee a frustration at first about hints. For every detail there's a price.And for the first 20 minutes of the game I have to search the info from the community ASAP to understandof "WHAT THE HECK IS THIS GAME AND WHY ARE WE PLAYING THIS?". Soon the first and the biggest -CON suddenly showed up." Fustrations "As I progress through the game, it tells you to start build a house with a wall.... you gather NPC and more. But in some point its still lag of something.... I can't fight or move anywhere left or right. Because the monster are too strong! Sowe need to improve the character. This part of thinking makes 2 group of people.1.Meh! Boring! I quit because I don't understand what is going on and I don't want to.... -/Ran to DotA22.What is this game? Can I be stronger? Can I upgrade my gear? Is there a Boss? -/Desperately gather more infoThis is where my terraria start.... yes it's time for adventure!So.... I really want to play this game! What now?Wiki is your friend!  cause the game don't tells you everything... but there's a good random events and boss along the way. Not too much, not too boring. Aim for your equipment and boss fight! TONS OF EQUIPMENT!This is where the fun begins, you want a sword? There you go! You want a Rifle? There you go!! You want to be a wizard? There you go!!! You can be and adventure Almost every stance that you can find suits your play-style in terraria but you have to put up with it......As soon as your Hunt the first boss down.... you want more! and more!!So..... Basicly this game is?+It's a RPG game, with lots of weapons, Gears, Funny stuff and Boss to choose from! +You can play solo or with your friend!+You think this game is too easy? Try moderate! or HARDCORE! this mode are only for the REAL HERO!+There's no realdeal story here, but it's still fun to play and progress are along the way while you play. don't worry.Ahuh.... I might interest in this game...OKAY! now let's review other stuff that's not a game then!GRAPHICS SOUNDS AND OTHER STUFF-2D Flat.... Woman cc are Flat.... Spectacular retro 2D graphics with rich pixelated enviroment.-Not laggy, Smooth game play and support for co-op, can sometimes be ram-eater for your PC.-dedicated server and mods, also 8 people playable. or maybe more!-Controls are understandable, modifyable and user's friendly.-Sounds are lovely done. Even the boss theme!SO yeah.... overall I've played this game until the last boss. and I would  say It's a good co-op game I'ven't met once in a while!hope this Review gave you some ideas.... annnnd Cheers for now! Ravioly out!  :D
Tulike	Recommended	294.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/tulike/	 Terraria Terraria is a 2D sandbox game that has lots of itens to craft, enemies to kill and bosses to overcome Pros  Tons of content Still being updated with free content Multiplayer with active community Mods Very cheap for what it offers Exploration Cons  None RECOMMENDEDGreat game to play by yourself, amazing game to play with friends, especially at this pricepoint.
traydenpoke	Recommended	70.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/itshighevening/	Hello there slime NOOOO.Day 1: Punch a tree for what feels like 10 hours.Day 2: TRY to make a furnace, but it turns out your 1 stone short.Day 3: MAke it down to hell for some reason, get hit off by a fire imp.Day 5: Try to beat the eye of cthulu with just shurikens; actually worksDay 10: Full platinum, beat skeletron.Day 50: Best items pre-hardmode, fight wall of flesh, wall at 5 hp and you get hit by a fire imp...Day 50 1/2: Beat wall of fleshDay 100: Beat moon loardDay 101: Try to beat moon lord but your computer was broken.11/5 would beat game then break computer again\(extremely reccomended) 
Aporia	Recommended	353.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/3lxnotrkt/	why do people think Minecraft is better than this game?
Bro͜t̨h́erPo͜t̶ato̴	Recommended	1,253.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198049948120/	Meeh
Luna	Recommended	381.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/dalbich-ui/	I think this game is better than Minecraft. c:There's better armor, better weapons and guns. There's bosses and all kinds of monsters. You can do alot on this game, Building, surviving... This game is worth your money! You should maybe look around in the Terraria's Wiki. you can see all the stuff you can get on Terraria.And this is super fun for you and your friends! :3I hope this helped you.
Ａｒｔｇｕｎ	Recommended	6.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/aryarthagani/	This game teach me how to become a Slave Miner
speckticuls	Recommended	273.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/speckticuls/	It's a good time sinker.Be careful though, it'll sink so much time you'll forget who you are and what life is.
Zero Two Dae	Recommended	47.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/JackaBoss/	I've seen many people ask, Starbound or Terraria? Well Terraria for the bosses and mods, and starbound for the exploration and variety of enviroments. Whatever the pros of Starbound are the cons of Terraria and vice versa.TLDR; 10/10 if you love grinding for bossfights.PS: Thanks ShrekOrge for the spelling mistake.
BeachyBlues	Recommended	306.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/beachyblues/	Quit reading the reviews and buy the damn game.Edit: But in all seriousness, this game has quite a lot to offer. The combination of exploration, combat, and crafting, gives the player a sense of purpose in this game. The variety of bosses, ample amount of items, and prolong hours of gameplay, work together to form an extraordinary game. Wouldn't trade it for any other game. 10/10Update: This game is still amazing.Update #2: The devs are still giving this baby some love. They deserve a lot of credit.
pineshades	Recommended	197.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Pineapplezzzzz/	I must say that at first glance, I expected absolutely nothing from Terraria, boy was I wrong.When you look at it as a simple game where you just build stuff and kill mobs, it really doesn't seem interesting, but when you actually put time into discovering what it really offers, boy oh boy does it have TONS of content.I bought Terraria expecting it to be somehow like Minecraft (who didn't at first?), and I never really touched it until some of my buddies invited me to play with them. As I expected, we ended up only building houses and mining, I got bored quickly and stopped joining the server after a while.When I saw that Terraria had a new update, the 1.3 update, I asked myself "Why not?". And then it started.I put so much time into this game, building, discovering, mining, killing stuff, exploring, and I'm really sad to say that I think I might actually be done with it after 200 goddamn fishing quests.Terraria has so many things it can offer, inclunding many hours of fun, I totally recommend this to anyone who has enough patience to spend a lot of time digging.
Fishbus	Recommended	792.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Fishbus/	Dig with a friend, explore a world together, and emerge as brothers.Brothers with a friggen load of cool sweet loot and laser guns ha ha. Pew pew!
☆NaomiYT☆	Recommended	13.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198113728575/	Oh wow, i like how Terraria looks like Minecraft, but i kinda think it's better [MY OPINION].So i prefer Terraria over Minecraft honestly, very cool!
FuzzBot	Recommended	228.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198117709927/	Itsa sandbox game.Itsa sandbox 2d game.Itsa sandbox exploration 2d game.Itsa sandbox exploration 2d RPG game.Itsa sandbox exploration 2d RPG Shooter game.Itsa sandbox exploration 2d RPG Shoot-And-Hoard-Loot game.Itsa sandbox exploration 2d hardmode RPG Shoot-And-Hoard-Loot game.Itsa sandbox survival exploration 2d hardmode RPG Shoot-And-Hoard-Loot game.Itsa sandbox rogue-like survival exploration 2d hardmode RPG Shoot-And-Hoard-Loot game.Itsa sandbox rogue-like survival exploration 2d hardmode RPG Shoot-And-Hoard-Loot Clickfest game.Itsa class-building sandbox rogue-like survival exploration 2d hardmode RPG Shoot-And-Hoard-Loot Clickfest game.Itsa economic class-building sandbox rogue-like survival exploration 2d hardmode RPG Shoot-And-Hoard-Loot Clickfest game.Itsa economic class-building sandbox rogue-like survival exploration 2d hardmode RPG Shoot-And-Hoard-Loot Griefing Clickfest game.Itsa economic class-building sandbox rogue-like survival exploration 2d hardmode RPG Shoot-And-Hoard-Loot Griefing Multiplayer Clickfest game.Itsa economic class-building sandbox rogue-like sword-fighting survival exploration 2d hardmode RPG Shoot-And-Hoard-Loot Griefing Multiplayer Clickfest game.Itsa economic class-building sandbox rogue-like sword-fighting spell-casting survival exploration 2d hardmode RPG Shoot-And-Hoard-Loot Griefing Multiplayer Clickfest crafting game.Itsa economic class-building sandbox rogue-like sword-fighting spell-casting survival exploration 2d hardmode RPG Shoot-And-Hoard-Loot Griefing Multiplayer Clickfest crafting game that ISN'T a Minecraft clone.Just buy it. What ELSE do you want? A SEQUEL!?Well, its apparently getting that, too.10/10, would waste time googling adjectives and taking adjectives from the comment section again.Edit: sequel got cancelled. :(
.'. GloamingUmbra '.'	Recommended	2,436.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198140426145/	This game is amazing! It's kind of like Minecraft, but ALOT more stuff in it. More weapons, blocks, tools, etc. The bosses are outstanding too! Even the first boss! It may grow a little old on you when you play a lot. So yeah, this game in general is a 10/10. :)
WereKage - bed	Recommended	439.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/sheepinwolfsclothing/	Did you sit in a honey chair? 'Cause you've got a sweet butt.
Zoboomafoo	Recommended	278.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/misternurdoh/	Terraria is love, Terraria is life. Enough said.
Hybie	Recommended	364.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/UKHybrid/	Instead of writing a paragraph about why I recommend Terraria, I'll just put a few key points...As of the new 1.3 update:- You can ride a unicorn- You can change the colour of said unicorn- There's lots of other cool stuff but they aren't really as important as the unicorn so I'll leave you to explore and find those new additions on your own (this includes over 800 new items by the way, good luck.)
Dallenson	Recommended	2,536.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Dalmasin/	Terraria is an exploration platformer developed by Re-Logic (Headed by Andrew "Redigit" Spinks and Jeremy "Blue" Guerrette) in March 2011. The game went through multiple updates ever since then, first culminating in the 1.1 release of December 2011 before developement ceased in February 2012. In April 2013, development continued with a promised 1.2 update that was released October 1st 2013. The game is availible on Valve's Steam platform and a console version released by 505 Studios around late 2012 is availible on Xbox Live Arcade and Playstation Network. The game has also received a Mobile release sometime in 2013 and then a digital release on the Nintendo 3DS EShop in December 2015 with physical copies released in March 2016Gameplay: Gameplay is focused on a 2D side-scrolling playing field. Players initially start out with gathering wood from trees to erect a basic shelter for the first night. This may sound similar to Mojang AB's Minecraft but Terraria makes a more exploration turn. Even while mining, players can find underground treasure chests with unique items, accessories. Fighting your first boss of the game is where Terraria truly shows it's not any sort of Minecraft clone (even when people claims it is, Markus "Notch" Perrson supports the game). Players also delve into the corruption or crimson to fight the nasties hidden, a dungeon filled with skeletons, an expansive underground jungle buzzing with hornets and even beehives and the lava filled underworld as well. Even after beating a strong monster in the underworld, there's still a massive amount of content ahead that I should probably not go into detail of it all, as tempting as it is.Graphics: The graphics are appealing, much like an old SNES side-scroller along with some neat effects such as flames, smoke, rain and snow and despite it's almost cute style, it manages to be scary at the same time.Sounds & Music: The sounds are simplistic but very effective such as tinks of mining stone or using your inventory. Meanwhile the music is composed by Scott Lloyd Shelly. The soundtrack in it's 2011 days were quite limited (Title, Day, Night, Cave, Boss, Eerie) before we got more varied soundtracks come 1.1 and then even more varied music in 1.2, some of it brought over from the Console version.Goods: Very addictive that can have you playing for hours on end (if five ingame day cycles pass, you've played for two hours because that's 120 minutes). Adventurous, fun to play with friends.Bads: Some of the longetivity is caused by enemy drop rates being so low (for example, one is 0.025%) making some of the gameplay just simply killing enemies in the same general area for a hard to get item. It's also frustrating dying to a boss.Overall: It's cheap. Buy it. It's worth it.
Keen	Recommended	210.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/keenzor/	This one looks kind of repulsive, does it not? However do not judge book by its cover. Behind the almost ugly, square like face of Terraria lies humungous world filled with adventure. Craft your own equipment and set to explore many underground layers, called biomes, each with their unique set of creatures. Gear up and face different bosses to get your hand on more exclusive materials and eventually face the final boss to push the difficulty to another level by unlocking hardmod.On second look even the graphics are not as bad as they seemed. Sure they are simplistic and really "squary", but when everything gets put together the image can get quite amazing, considering we are dealing with kind of a pixelart. Some sceneries are really rather breathtaking and stretch your imagination to its limits.In the end it is your imagination that is going to decide whether you are going to like Terraria or not, because the game is about putting IT to use in the first place. The adventures are only half of the game, the other half is about building whatever you can imagine and the potential of the game is almost limitless. Are you up to the task?
Groule	Recommended	170.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197988821472/	Basically not a mining/crafting and pixel art fan, I was totally converted by this game.The content is truely huge. They damn didn't joke with that !Graphic and music design are nice and the game is enjoyabe to play, even more in multiplayer coop. This game MUST be played with the wiki in back screen, to guide you in quests and crafting.Those who think there is no story, no objectives, are wrong : Exploring biomes, mining ressources and crafting items allow you to unlock new biomes, new NPC and new bosses, and maybe to free the world from its corruption !
[LCH] Shockrail	Recommended	724.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Shockrail/	Terraria is for me one of the best 2D voxel-base game. The reasons I like it, is that the combat systeme is nice, there is sooooo much monster and stuff to craft that, you'll need at least 100 hours to get everything (maybe I was slow or unlucky^^). However it might get boring for people who doesn't like to mine for hours to get armors, tools and weapons. In conclusion, it's really good game with a big lifetime compared to it's price, and it's multiplayer. So what are you waiting to buy it :D ?!
Kat {WfPk}	Recommended	192.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/katfantastic/	I really had no interest in this genre of game before I played. Luckily for me, Terraria showed me that not not all sandbox adventures are Minecraft clones. I played with friends who were a mix of battle hardened veterans, and dirt covered noobs (myself included), but we quickly learned the value of having a group, and enjoyed the experience of constructing a small town with elaborate and unique houses, digging to the center of the earth, being attacked by a wide variety of deadly foes, and ultimately unleashing hell upon our little world. Playing alone was equally satisfying, as the game offers a wide variety of things to keep yourself occupied with, but I still recommend finding friends to experience Terraria with. The beauty of the sandbox genre is being able to share your creations with others, and Terraria offers hours of just that.10/10 
Matt Zion	Recommended	64.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/MattZion/	One of the best games I ever found by total chance. I was never all that into Minecraft and this gave me more of a focus and overall goal to achieve. The fact that they continue to release new content for free is just icing on the cake. Love this game as much as anyone can. 5 out of 5 Matt faces & seal of approval. Buy this!
Sir Pumpernickel the Great	Recommended	218.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/wannabe_banana/	The world of Terraria truly embraces the aspects of a nice game that someone is to adore, binding many refferences, attributes, and other key items that would make my day if every video game would have them.It has been a game -like many- to have been criticized for its lack of difference to a game like Minecraft. This is truly a rushed judgement on such a game.Despite the lack of devloppement from re-logic, the game has such a strong community. People like RTGame, Happy Days or even Pedguin, the artwork and videos post.10/10
big-lon	Recommended	3.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/big-lunch/	♥♥♥♥♥♥
Chip	Recommended	1,896.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/chiptheblewcat/	After you hear this review, just buy the game. now. I have almost 1,700 hours, Its a great game, I started back when the game was still in 1.1, when the Twins were everyones demize, and Hallowed Armor was the best armor, I thought the game was good back then, well, its even better,  I am gonna review the game.Over hundreds of hours of fun, achievments, trading cards, multiplayer fun,  and more.  Also by the way, a fun fact, Terraria was rleased to the public as a beta before Minecraft, just look up Terraria and Minecraft and see the dates on wiki. You can do basically everything. Its just fun, buy it!
C.dy	Recommended	156.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/codyrawrz/	it good game
Kereke12	Recommended	81.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/gabenewellisgod/	After playing 32.6 hours and more off-line, I have to say this is by far the best game I've ever played in my life. There's so much to do in so little-time. What I mean by that is that when you start-off the game you only have a certain amount of time to do things before it hits the night. When that happens, that's where the fun begins. I can go on for hours on why I think this game is awesome, but if you like adventure, crafting, beating bosses....Then this is game is for you and the best part is that the devs keep this game fresh and clean with updates. -- Don't take my word for it, buy it and play it!!!! Happy Gaming & Have Fun!!!
'elmaurex'	Recommended	479.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/elmaurex/	I have so much to say about this game, honestly writing it down might not be enough. Even the video trailers for this game, including most recent updated ones, are NOT enough to describe this game. I think I might even have to make a video review about this one, has a special place in my heart <3Adventure, mystery, travelling, exploring, fighting, running, sharing and having lots and lots of fun. It combines the elements of an open world, there to be explored and seized, while at the same time being an rpg modeled game(?).If you like looting, there's tons of it. If you like epic BOSS fights, boom you got 'em. Or if you're more like me, and this is trully what I find most beautfil in Terraria, you can just spend your time away, building whatever your imagination comes up with. A lot of people say this resembles to Minecraft, which in some ways, it does. Excavating and mining for ores and rare crystals, to build them into an armor or weapon at a crafting table. Stuff like that.But its just so much more. Even if its a 2D game, it has so much depth. You can either play as a melee fighter, a mage, a ranged class, a throwing class, and a caster class (epic pets fighting for you and your team). All with equipable unique items, with different atributes. Even very rare developer items!!And without spoiling much, I can tell your there are a LOT of quests and bosses to fight, this game is HANDS DOWN my most played game in Steam, with well over 400 hours (Starting from the date when I oficially had it purchased >.<)I strongly recomend this game to anyone who wants a fun and comic adventure, and invite some friends to check your world, and help them in their own planets. My final rating for this game: A green Slime / 10  Dont forget to invite me to your worlds =D
Qooq	Recommended	182.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Qooq/	So much funSo many possibilities10 BucksEndless amount of replayability(Didn't review just for a badge lol)
Streview	Recommended	150.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Streview/	If You ever played minecraft, liked it, but felt like it missed somethings, such as more action, adrenaline, purpose, and so on, worry not, Terraria, my friend, is the game for you.I'll sometimes find myself launching it "only to 3 minutes", just to find myself playing for 8 hours straight. no joke, it happened. send help.
Quarantine^	Recommended	4.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198064169501/	Indie indie Indie!!! Cool Cool Cool!!! Domination!
Rafax011	Recommended	848.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198055122101/	Amazing sandbox game. Good graphic. A lot of things to do in game. Can be "finished" for multiple times - on Expert or Normal mode, on characters with Softcore, Mediumcore or Hardcore or with different classes like Mage, Warrior, Summoner, Thrower or Ranged! Also can be played with friends and it's way funnier! Definitely must-have game.
LavaJosh	Recommended	386.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/LavaJosh/	Super Awesome Game Love It
Piedu	Recommended	234.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198199599575/	Really good game i love it.  I think that the bosses are one of the best things in the game!
Jared Brownholio	Recommended	843.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198057411670/	Best game i have...BUY IT ITS FUN :D
bc	Recommended	3,558.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Beachill/	this game is gud
Uncle Jimbo	Recommended	1,566.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Totallynotsucidal/	Great game check it outsay Uncle Jimbo sent you
PlayWithGregg	Recommended	117.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/PLAYwithGregg/	I'll make is easy for you. THIS GAME IS A MASTERPIECE.Impossible to explain how deap, FUN, and full of content this game is.I paid $1.99 for this game. I'm at 87hrs, and counting.... Still TONS to do.For those paying attention, that's a Mc Donalds Cheeseburger, for 87 hours of entertainment.Don't bother scrolling down the reviews looking for REDS to convince you not to pick this up.  YES, this game is excellent. It's as good as you've heard, far better than it looks. LOADED with endless detail, and content, this is the holy grail of adventure/crafting/mining/combat/more.  Grab a friend, and join a world together, it's a blast with friends.What you do: Explore the world, build houses, Spelunk, craft weapons, build houses, die, discover hidden dungeons, dig to hell, die, find treasure, die, encounter Huge Bosses, Die, ROCKET BOOTS,  blow the heads off bunnies.... no really, that happens. It's so much fun, jump in. :)
MCGamesDotNet	Recommended	1,000.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mcgamesdotnet/	IntroductionTerraria is a game developed by Re-Logic. The dev team are very active with this game, constantly supporting and adding to the experience, they are really great developers.GameplayTerraria is a sandox 2D adventure game that focuses mainly on exploration, building and combat. It starts in a procedurally generated world where the player is left with basic items to start the adventure and try to succeed in a very hostile and at times, unforgiving world.In Terraria you will encounter many different enemy types from little slimes to huge mechanical bosses that are not easy to take down. The player can use melee, ranged or summoner to take out these beasts and the HUGE range of items and item recipes/combinations makes the game highly replayable.Players house and interact with NPCs in order to progress through the world, with the first NPC being the Guide, whom can be used constantly to reveal all of the item recipes in the game.Lastly, once you have become good at combat, you can try to become good at building, which adds a whole new element to the game, adding even more hours to your game time. You can build structures high up into the air that take up the whole background, or you can just build a simple lil house to go to sometimes in between fighting bosses, it's completely up to you!Pros+ Endless game time+ Awesome weapons/items/enemies+ Constant dev supportCons- No REAL Story (you make your own adventure)- Online Multiplayer is too laggyResult / Final thoughtsFor a game so inexpensive that can produce sooooo many hours of gameplay, it is crazy value for money. You won’t be disappointed by Terraria. It is my second most played game of all time (and I'm a Final Fantasy completionist enthusiast) and definitely one of my top 10 games of all time!-MC 
Khaios	Recommended	4,728.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/builds_by_khaios/	This Indie sandbox game really has a little something for everyone.Whether you are into building, creating pixel art, PvP, PvE, this game has something for you!Once you've made your character, you start off in the world of Terraria. Your first goal is survival. During the first day, you deal with pesky slimes while you gather the materials needed to build a shelter before nightfall. Once night comes, the undead swarm you. Are you resting safely in your new house, or are you forced to fight until daybreak?If you thought slimes and undead were all you had to worry about in this world, you were wrong. Outlandish minions and deadly bosses await every turn, as you explore the many different environments in the world. Defeating them will reward you with new materials, weapons, armor, and even trophies to display.Beware of the corruption, an environment native to Terraria, that slowly spreads, trying to shroud your world in darkness. Or, will your world contain the crimson? A festering landscape, oozing with blood and flesh that constantly tries to devour you. You will not be left defenceless against these horrors, however! You can work to purify the land to its original state.In your travels, you will find resources that you can mine and gather. Combine them into powerful weapons and armor, or shape them into building blocks for new structures. As you grow and progress, NPCs will begin to flock to your buildings, offering you aid. You will even find some out in the world, waiting to be rescued.Tunnel through the earth, or take wing and fly to the clouds. Purify or corrupt. Build or destroy. The world of Terraria is yours to explore, and mold into your image.
Ritsuka	Recommended	42.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/PhoenixBG/	This game is 100x better than fortnite! Also, don't go in the corruption area if you're new... it's very dangerous.
OhSoVanilla	Recommended	134.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ohsovanilla/	Are people jarate'ing you off about calling Terraria a 2D version of Minecraft?FLIP THE TABLES ON THEM SAYING MINECRAFT IS A 3D VERSION OF TERRARIA!But seriously, this game is pretty great.
Chakozzo	Recommended	474.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Chakozzo/	Its like starbound But instead in this game you arnt homeless living in your vehicle.
a sideways mob	Recommended	821.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198128506170/	i like complex games, deep rpg experiences, and building. this game does that in 2D. took me a while to get to know it, but glad i did
DnZanity	Recommended	467.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198197019495/	Terraria is better then minecraft-_-
Typhoon5647	Recommended	1,014.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198052979551/	I love this game and its very good.
Jonas The Fucboi	Recommended	835.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198011574909/	It's like Minecraft with fun involved
Bahooba	Recommended	27.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/icarenotforsoup/	1 wordMinishark
MrGuccu	Recommended	886.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/MrGuccu/	I played over 800 hours. Now do you think its a bad game?
Leeroy	Recommended	174.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/BourbleForman/	I like this game. I like it alot. I'll tell you why.Don't listen when people say it's 2D minecraft. It's a wildly inaccurate statement. It's great because of it's (If I'm using the right word, hell if I'm not) voxel-based world. You can create, explore, and destroy, and the only limit is your willingness to put forward the effort. This game allows you to be rather expressive with your imagination; given, this game shines as a co-operative game for dungeon crawling, fighting all sorts of beasties, and building massive strongholds. Definitely a bit more fantasy-action based than minecraft.This game definitely holds your attention for awhile.Tl;dr version:Lots of things to do, things to fight, weapons to find, lovely game.
Chris Punish	Recommended	97.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/sourcing/	what are you ♥♥♥♥in' gay?
Lonely Shadow	Recommended	185.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198099635950/	FIRST THING'S FIRST: This is not a Minecraft clone, I am only comparing certain features to it.Let me tell you a story. "Once upon a time, I played a game called Minecraft. Wow, it was a great game. The crafting, the building, and survival. Great game. But one day, I decided to try a game called Terraria. Terraria has become my new favorite game. I haven't played Minecraft since." (The guy in the story is me).Now on to the review stuff. Lets do pros and cons. Some are opinion based though.PROS-2D (opinion) I think it is actually better than 3D with Terraria.-TONS and TONS of weapons and tools.-Player creation. I think the player creation is great.-NO DURABILITY. Tools and weapons don't break. Build a pick, keep the pick.-Lots of unique enemy types. Demon Eye, killer glowing jelly fish, and so on.-Lots of classic enemy types. Zombies, Skeletons, and so on.-Lots of exploration possibilities.-Torches stay lit while in hand so you don't have to always place it.-Modern. One of the things I didn't like about minecraft was that it was set in times before tech. THIS game has guns, grenades, something I can only assume are jetboots, and so on.-Great gameplay and replayability.-ModsCONS-No creative mode unless you have a mod. (Opinion)-(This may just be me but) Hard to find iron and upgrade tools.That's all the cons I can think of.Overall, I give this game a 11 out of 10.Really fun so you should get it!
Masuzu	Recommended	129.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/herdax/	BEST 2D Sandbox/Adventure GamesGraphics does'nt matter, Gameplay does (y)11/10 
BioMutt	Recommended	88.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/gibbythehedgehog/	Through the amount of time I played this game, I'd say it's quite the Acception of Gameplay. I like how there are more than your realise down in that Cave down here, Quick! Bring a Torch! Actually, Bring the Stick Glowsticks that we just crafted! Holy moly, It's a flying Eye ball! No worries, use a bow. Nahh, use a freakin' Sword that Shoots awesome freakin' Things out of it!Overall, It's a 10/10 In my books. Never gets repeatitive, never gets old. Good just Re-Logic :DFor those who are only maybe like 10-15, Don't be afraid! I'd say this is for all of the people who love those kind of sandbox/adventure type games.
main. ツ	Recommended	513.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198313062995/	I LOVE This game, with 448 hours, I have fallen in love already, with so many items to find, so much to do, it's insane! Do one playthrough as a Warrior, then a Mage, maybe a Ranger, or a Summoner! Now, you've played all the classes, have fun with other games on Steam! But NO! Now, do it in Expert Mode, and with a different weapon selection. And with an entire community of people who love to build, go take inspiration, and build that! Now, you've played Terraria in all it's entirety.....right? HAHAHA, you'll never escape! NOW, do a Fishing Only Playthrough, Swords Only, Guns Only, Bows Only, and you will have done EVERYTHING Terraria has to offer, now do it in modded! HAHAHA, with so many mods, you'll be sinking 2000-3000 hours into this! You can never escape the greatest game of all time, Terraria! Thank Re-Logic, I've been playing this since 1.1 on mobile! And you made it great, this is easily my favourite game of ALL time! I strongly recommend picking this game up and having your mind blown by this great piece of coding and textures. Thank you Terraria!
[DBH]*Whismerhill*{SSgt}	Recommended	1,116.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/whispershill/	Terraria, a lovely game. I find it very relaxing at least when compared to competitive online games like DOTA. That's not to mean there is no challenge either.dig, craft, find, adventure, fight, build.....My only issue would be that it's hard to find people willing to play their character exclusively with you. What I mean by exclusively ? Well someone that will play with you with his character and not play the same character on the side & come back to play with you with uber equipement, because in this game, everything is tied to equipement so hard monsters/bosses will become a piece of cake once you reach higher and higher equipement level.Also still getting updates as of 2016, 5 years of continuous updates & free content updates that other games would probably add as DLC.
Cyan	Recommended	1,447.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198055176306/	needs more sneks and less worms
joulusaky	Recommended	31.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/v0teurl/	gift this 
Cirdan	Recommended	842.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/qkoorts/	It's the best game ever...Had it on the Xbox 360 and PS4, on both about 3-400 hrs of gameplay, now on PC also about 200hrs of gameplay, and the building-survival factor keeps it going on.There are so many different building materials, and equipables and items to collect, so it keeps you busy for the next couple of months if you're really up for collecting everything :)I stopped playing on the console on 1.2.4 because I had done about everything, and since I heard about the 1.3.3 update, and the new NPCs I really take a big time enjoying fishing a lot in this game.Not purely before the crates or the quests, but the quests add a different perspective to the game, and it's sometimes just nice to kill some time catching some fish :)I also like that most of the useable stuff is placeable, like swords can go into racks, and armour on mannequins.There's literally so much to explore that I could write an essay about what's there to do in Terraria, but then I'll be here in two days still typing this review.If you have to ask me, I recommend Terraria to everyone, because it's a game for everybody :)(P.S. you can also play with different classes :) )
goshopir	Recommended	349.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/goshopir/	Product received for free
tiLTtN	Recommended	111.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/-TiLT-/	Terraria is an indie game for PC, console, and mobile devices. It was one of the first game to be inspired by Minecraft. As in Minecraft, you explore a randomly-generated world of blocks. Monsters lurk around every corner, and the only way to get ahead is by crafting more powerful items. You can explore alone or with friends, and in the course of play you'll discover a strange fantasy world of peril and wonder. This does make for a much simpler game world. But it also serves to streamline a lot of the frustrating aspects of Minecraft. One of the most stressful things about Minecraft is the way that monsters can sneak up on you, as you have a first person veiw. With flat, 2D graphics, you can see all of your enemies out to get you at a glance. One thing I also enjoyed is that items don't wear out. Although I haven't played much Minecraft myself, things wearing out after you've spent hours finding resources to craft them, doesn't sound so fun. You're even given some tools right at the beginning to start off with.Crafting options appear automatically when you have the necessary resources. When you first start out, there's a NPC standing next you who serves a guide. Talk to him, and he'll give you some basic instructions to get started. They don't expect you to trawl the wiki just to figure out what's going on. You can build houses, and fit them out with chairs, tables, and other accessories. Expanding your home is a big requirement for progression,  If you build extra rooms on your house, NPCs will spawn, selling items, and helping you along your journey.The more you progress, the tougher enemies become. The only way to cope with these ever-increasing threats is by upgrading all your gear, and it's this challenge that makes up most of the game. Your doesn't wear out, but there are so many weapon classes, and there's always just one more upgrade to buy. The world and enemies are amazing, you really do feel compelled to explore. There are so many different treasures and surprises to find.In Minecraft, and other games similar, you often reach a point where you run out things to do. Terraria fixes that problem by including bigger and bigger enemies, and more and more cool weapons to take them down. I loved how there are so many items and weapon classes, even if some of them are a bit useless. You feel like you're exploring a real place, and figuring out how everything works in this world is part of the charm. I'm not sure if I have the patience to keep burrowing until I'm crafting my own laser guns, however this game will keep you entertained for hours. The game is decently priced, and often goes on sale. With how much you get with this game, such as Steam Trading cards, Steam achievments, (Also the option to save worlds & characters to the Steam Cloud), this game offers many enjoyable hours of single player, co-op and multiplayer, and is definitely deserving a 9/10.
PresDaMess	Recommended	87.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/PresDaMess/	Product received for free
Wischkaemper	Recommended	229.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Wischkaemper/	Much like the Ford Transit, Terraria offers multipe choices including the 3.7-liter V-6, a 3.5-liter twin-turbo V-6, and a new 3.2-liter turbodiesel inline-five. It can contain up to 487 cubic feet of cargo space which is 75% more than in the largest E-series. Terraria might not look pretty, but with its combination of utility, fuel efficiency, and cabin comfort, I expect its customers will find it shines from within.On a more personal level, I while I find magic to be the most fun approach, it did make some boss fight like the Golem laughably easy.In short, I rank Terraria as number one Full-size Van, just slightly above the Mercedes-Benz Sprinter.
garvey1557	Recommended	538.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/garvey1557/	Play Terraria. There is over 2,000 items to obtain in the game, and many unique weapons to fight with.1.2 added many new things to the game, making it even better than before.Do not just listen to me. Listen to all the positive reviews on this game.I did not mean for this to be helpful :P
garvey1557	Recommended	538.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/garvey1557/	Play Terraria. There is over 2,000 items to obtain in the game, and many unique weapons to fight with.1.2 added many new things to the game, making it even better than before.Do not just listen to me. Listen to all the positive reviews on this game.I did not mean for this to be helpful :P
John Nereth	Recommended	207.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198134927745/	A very fun game! This game makes you satisfied for a long time. Play it with friends!
Literally foxes	Recommended	75.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/hurrxton/	Something for everyone here, great fun single or multiplayer.Kill bunnysDye your clothesCollect weaponsDisplay weapons in your houseDidnt i mention the house already, yes thats right you can build anything out of almost anything.Add a light switchDont add a light switchSpawn the mega bossDie to itTry again anyway because it was funBuy a net and grab yourself a pet penguin and stick it in a glass thingCraft random things like a "phaze sword"Get a bubble machineMake different colour torchesWalk into a trap and dieFind an umbrella hatGet wrekt by the warewolvesYou are a WarewolfNice dishes you have how can i craft themPIECapes. Various colour capes.Jet bootsHOLY HELL A BOMB MACHINEThe list goes on. Great fun.
Warstrich	Recommended	124.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198014666590/	It's great alone, but when you play with friends and loved ones, it becomes something quite magical. You will have situations which you can reminisce and have a laugh about.
AMERICAN BADASS	Recommended	8.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/American-Badass/	Verry fun game so far...i just started but yet i am submurged in a epic game that i cant wait to finish 10/10
CuriousCG	Recommended	317.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/curiouscrypto/	An amazing game stuffed full of content with a loving developer who cherishes his game and his audience. Despite the announcement of Terraria 2 being in the works this game is still getting massive updates - free! Whether alone or with friends Terraria is always fun and challenging.It goes on sale for $3 or less every other month, you don't have an excuse for not playing this game.
🅶🅴🅾🆁🅶🅴	Recommended	454.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TheGeorgeTs/	- Oh... it's like Minecraft, but 2D...- No.
HusQi	Recommended	40.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/HSQi/	You will accidently kill inocent creatures and feel bad about it and you'll look at reality and sigh... 10/10
JoãoStolePão	Recommended	7.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/JoaoPontoCom/	Terraria >>>>> Minecraft. Haters gonna hate
Ninja1702	Recommended	5,048.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ninja1702/	Lets be Honest This is Minecraft with way more content, I have enjoyed every minute i put into it
Ninja1702	Recommended	5,048.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ninja1702/	Lets be Honest This is Minecraft with way more content, I have enjoyed every minute i put into it
Adine	Recommended	1,416.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/DragonsAreFuckingAwesome/	1,000 hours of my life......WELL SPENT
MacCoy	Recommended	34.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/imaccoy/	Fantastic game! If you enjoyed minecraft, then you'll love this even better!
Makumba	Recommended	528.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/golden_pizza/	Your own medieval world in the pixel dimension.
boycott751	Recommended	85.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198121336236/	Terraria just keeps getting better. I have had to start over quite a few times due to getting a new computer and even still, i love this game. it has its own unique perspective and is well laid out. i love all the enemies and bosses and especcially all the NPC's. for now, this game gets a 8.5/10
Sylveonica	Recommended	925.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/xxdamondxx/	Write a review for Terraria.
(TF2SP) pls rembr	Recommended	542.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/touhoufanatic999999999/	This game is 2d side scroller meets minecraft meets rpg meets sandbox to say the least.But it is so much more.Instead of describing every little thing its best to just generalize the gameTheres basically 2 parts, pre-hardmode and hardmodepre-hardmode is the 1st part of the game consisting of semi-hard mobs, events, and bosses.hardmode is the 2nd part that you unlock after beating the 1st part. It contains alot tougher mobs, events, and bosses.Theres alot of different biomes, both above ground and underground. Each changes as you switch from one mode to the other.This game is pretty cool in both visuals and replay value.If anything, the 2-d aspect of this side scroller game gives it its unique and abstract appeal. This game is only as fun as your imagination allows you.The community is pretty decent too compared to other games.Theres a PC, Console, and Mobile version of the game, each with varying small details and unique mobs/bosses.PC obviously has the most content due to PC's handling more graphics and having more storage space and programs.Whoever, the mobile and console versions are just as good and i would highly recommend trying those out as well (i have all 3 versions)The fun isn't limited to just solo, playing it with friends is also an option, and is alot more fun. This game is pretty much done with updates (at least thats what i thought until they made the newest wire and mechanics update). Still, theres always the possiblity that they can add more content later on down the line. Still, with the current content its still pretty fun.***** 5/5 stars no question
Naolos	Recommended	97.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Wujek_Naolos/	Good Game to relax with friends or to have a good time with survival games ^-^
Smoothie	Recommended	133.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SmoothlyDrinken/	-I caught a bunny in a bug catcher-Material???-Guide Help Me-Terrainium + Bunny = Bunny in a cage... K-Dynamite + Bunny = Explosive bunny.!!! who would do such a thing!-Use for bunny cannon. AHHH! WHY!-Puts Dynamite on bunny... -Yell Allah Akbar and Dies with bunny10/10 would Terrorise again
Petani Dota	Recommended	43.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mozila80/	this game so good if u play with ur friends 
Lynxza7	Recommended	52.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198100873026/	Much better than Minecraft but much different than minecraft. There is actually a point of playing this game, To defeat bosses, Make npc's live in your house, to get rare items and to get your world into 'Hard mode' This game has to be one of the best games ive played. I would highly recomend you buy this game
Papa Bless	Recommended	355.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/BlackThunderXP/	 TERRARIA REVIEW   Terraria  is often referred to as "The 2D Minecraft", but believe it or not this couldn't be any futher from the truth. Terraria is a game that strives on being completely about the experience. Exploring, Adventuring, and Action is the name of the game to put it lightly. A game like Minecraft prides itself on creativity of the mind with a dash of survival that doesn't even compare to the likes of Terraria. I'm not saying Terraria lacks the assets to make creativity bloom, because then I'd be lying because I've seen some crazy stuff made in Terraria, but I've seen more in Minecraft.  Minecraft  has 3 bosses that are okay at its best, but Terraria has over a dozen bosses which are totally epic, and the amount of obtainable items towers way into the thousands by now. Something Minecraft couldn't achieve without mods. The items are insanely fun to use and upgrading your character's gear becoming more powerful as a result is so satisfying making the hours upon hours seem totally worth the effort.  Terraria  visually has wonderful pixel-art with beautiful pixel parallax backgrounds to accompany the world you're in. It also has a very vibrant ambient soundtrack that is just so damn relaxing and pleasing to listen to as you explore for hours on end. The game's control is on point, completely and utterly perfect with an exception on the consoles and mobile devices mind you, but on keyboard and mouse it's perfect.  From the looks of it  this is the end of anymore updates for this game so a review is more justified in my eyes, but I have heard there is a sequel in the works, so yeah that sounds amazing. The game is truly a masterpiece. A CHILL RUNS DOWN YOU SPINE, OH HOT DAMN. 10/10  
Aws14	Recommended	170.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Aws14/	its like 2d minecraft with millions more stuff
devin407	Recommended	427.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/RealestNiggahYouKnow/	To be honest this is one of the best games on steam, It is also better than Minecraft even though it is 2D. I see a lot of people complaining they get people adding them after posting a review, but if you add me I will gladly play with you unlike the others! I 100% recomed! 
Natelodeon	Recommended	824.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Pothus/	This game would be sick as ♥♥♥♥ if the files wouldn't corrupt themselves after a period of time. Not sure if this is only me, but it seems like after I defeat the first three bosses (no spoilers) and get the shadow armor, all the world/characater files just vanish. Real upetting if you're looking to actually play the game.Don't let that discourage you from buying the game though, it's still fun as hell. But manually backing up your world/character files wouldn't be a horrible idea. Look for them at C:\Users\Username\Documents\Games\Terraria
Admiral IcyBear	Recommended	232.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198045082991/	One of the best games on steam.
Dove	Recommended	592.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/verdant-woods/	This game has me going out in the middle of the night to find mushrooms and killing the cute yet un-holy abominations that are walking goldfish. Best played with a friend who knows how to entice NPC's to come and stay in a dungeon. Basically a must have, 10/10
The Notorious B.U.N. 🐰✌	Recommended	503.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/bunnychuxo/	THIS IS THE GREATEST GAME EVER AND IT ALSO HAS BUNNIES----------------I wrote the above review for Terraria years ago, but since it's my favorite game, I think it's time I write a proper review that hopefully does it a little more justice.There's a lot I can say about Terraria.  It's not only my favorite game, but a game that's very special to me on a personal level for a lot of reasons.  I've spent many happy hours playing this game, goofing off and laughing with the person I'm playing with.  I listen to the soundtracks (first one at least) regularly.  I got a tattoo from this game to symbolize my love for it (well, also my love for bunnies because it's a bunny from the game, but my love for the game is part of the meaning).  It's a fantastic game and I love it a lot.It's hard to describe exactly what kind of game Terraria is.  It's a 2D platformer, but it's open world.  It's a sandbox game, but it has RPG elements.  It's an adventure game, but it's also a survival game.  It's many things rolled into one spectacular experience.There's something for (almost) everyone in Terraria.  Like exploring?  Go exploring.  Like combat?  Plenty of things to fight.  Like crafting?  Gather materials and craft away.  Like building?  You can make some incredible structures in this game.There is no real lore to the game.  There are no set parameters for what to do or how to play.  You spawn with crude tools, and the rest is up to you.  There is a distinct progression - some biomes are more difficult than others and most people make it their goal to constantly upgrade their gear to progress through them - but even that is optional, and if you choose to do it, how you do it is completely in your hands.A nice thing about Terraria is that the game can be tailored to your preferences in a number of ways.  For difficulty, there's the "normal" mode, Softcore, Mediumcore in which you drop all your items when you die and have to go retrieve them (lest they disappear), and for those who want a real challenge, there's Hardcore mode with permadeth.  You can also choose if you want a small, medium, or large map to explore and build in.  Characters aren't tied to worlds either - any character can go to any world you make.  Play across multiple worlds if you want to.The amount of content in this game is ridiculous too.  As of the time I'm writing this (April 2015), there are  2835 items in the game.  That's a lot.  There are 401 different enemies and 13 (regular) bosses, with several others that spawn during the optional combat events that can be triggered by the player in game.  There are many biomes providing a vast range of environments also, in addition to unique enemies and loot.  There's even another update coming, tentatively scheduled for June of this year, that will contain hundreds of new items and much more.Although I have no experience with any of this, there are many external tools that can alter your playing experience.  There are mods if you want to change up the content of the game, map viewers and editors if you want to check out your whole world or change something about it, even inventory editors if you just don't feel like searching for, farming, or crafting that particular item (the inventory editor does come in handy if you want to make a world just for building but don't want to actually explore and work for the materials).Since your worlds are randomly generated and the loot and items always vary, the game has a ton of replay value.  You have the freedom to do anything you want when you play, then to start up a new world/character and play that one however you want too.  Due to the random nature of everything, after hundreds of hours I have never tired of this game, and almost all those hundreds of hours were before the big update a year and a half ago that added 1000+ items.This game also has wonderful drop-in/drop-out multiplayer.  I have played all but a few (<10) of my hundreds of hours with someone, and it is exponentially more fun to have a friend to build, fight, and explore with.  It does make things easier, however, since there are two of you to gather materials and fight.  A couple things about multiplayer I will say though - One, since this game allows you to have so much control over what you do and how you play, multiplayer might not be for you if you think you'll butt heads with someone else over how to do things.  I have not encountered this myself, but I imagine it would be difficult to play with someone who has an entirely different vision of how to play than you.  Secondly, there is a lot of potential for griefing in this game.  People can steal your stuff, blow up your structures, all sorts of crap, so be careful of who you play with (I only play with my boyfriend, for instance).  Wouldn't want someone in multiplayer to screw you over.As for the look and feel of the game itself, the environments and enemies are colorful and vibrant, with beautifully done pixel art.  The original soundtrack, composed by Scott Lloyd Shelly, is fully instrumented (not just chiptune or electronic), and the songs fit their individual situations (there are unique songs for different biomes, bosses, weather events, etc.) perfectly.  There are two soundtracks, the original and the one for the giant update from October of 2013, that can be purchased[re-logic.bandcamp.com] (or whatever) if you enjoy the music.All in all, this game gets a 10/10 from me.   The varied and vast content paired with all the freedom it gives you to do what you want, in addition to the beautiful visuals and music, all come together to create a fun, unique experience that could provide nearly anyone with hours of entertainment.  After hundreds of hours and countless fun and special memories of playing myself, I have not grown sick of this game in the slightest and I'm sure a lot of people wouldn't either.Sidenote:  Terraria is also available on Xbox 360, PS3, Wii U, 3DS, and Android.  The console version and Android version each have unique content.  I have not played the console version, but the Android version is great (note: not as much content as the PC version!) and I highly recommend that too if you like Terraria.  Much easier on a tablet than a phone though.
Roz	Recommended	1,283.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Rozpierdylka/	Definitely a must buy for people that like sandbox games. Terraria offers a lot of fun when you play alone, and tons more when you play with friends. It takes a very long time to get bored with this game, and since 1.3 is coming soon, now would be the time to buy it, if you still don't have it for some reason.Update: Even though most of the devs aren't working on it anymore, it's still getting free updates. Now that's dedication.
Rekker	Recommended	45.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/rekker1/	3 hours feels like 10 minutes when I play this game.
Lawlum Bawlum	Recommended	214.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/lawlumbawlum/	fun game if you wanna achieve nothing
DanteDDL[UA]	Recommended	179.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/danteddl/	Did you miss the sandbox? Do you want to remember how is it to build and dig? So that the whole world was your painting with a lot of adventure? Gather resources. Create new weapons and armor. Loot the ruins. Defeat bosses. Make the world yours!
Angrytiger	Recommended	184.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/angrytigerp/	Terraria is oft-derided as "2D Minecraft", but I feel that this comparison misses the point. Yes, it was developed sometime in the beginning of Minecraft's meteoric rise, but beyond the aspect of having the world portrayed by bricks and allowing players to construct things, the focus of the games is entirely different.Terraria, unlike Minecraft, is -- even before mods, unlike its contemporary -- a game about progressing in an RPG-like manner through a steadily more-dangerous world. Yes, there are resources to collect and things to craft, but there the similarities end. Fundamental to the Terraria experience is the "Metroidvania"-style item collecting: You can find (or craft) new armor, weapons, and accessories that give you new powers and ability throughout your growth in the world. But to label it as a spawn of Metroid also misses the point somewhat, as at no point is it strictly NECESSARY to get these improvements; they simply make progression easier. For example, sure, the grappling hooks make exploring underground caves easier, letting you more easily mine materials for better armor and weapons, but you aren't stopped from making progress towards harder bosses if you don't have them.And this progression is the core of Terraria. Instead of having static levels or maps to travel, you get a single world, containing (as randomly determined by a procedural system) any or all of a mix of biomes from snowy winterlands, sandy deserts, flat plains, and the alway-present ocean biomes bookending either end of the world. Yes, the world is finite, but as it delves hundreds of 'blocks' into the ground (and, in the case of the Floating Islands containing unique goodies for those willing to build up to reach them), this limit isn't easily reached by most players except after literally hundreds of hours of play. Instead, 'advancing' in the game is dictated by defeating bosses, summoned by certain criteria, and after certain bosses you cause the world to change under your feet.One boss, for example, guards the "Dungeon", an always-generated construction consisting of gloomy halls, spooky scary skeleton enemies, and plenty of unique and useful equipment to find. Only after defeating him can you get into it. Another is the boss of the lava-filled Underworld, and upon its defeat comes the game's change into "Hardmode", wherein a certain action after its defeats causes several new tiers of ores to be automatically generated in your world (transforming existing deposits of 'basic' ores). Gear constructed from these materials are almost necessary to have a fighting chance to fight the new bosses, allowing more and more progression, and so on and so forth.While on the topic of boss-beating, this plays a major role in a crafting metagame, where some of the late- and end-game gear can only be constructed from drops specific to certain bosses. While it gets "grindy" in some cases, this means that you are always pressured to replay some boss fights, and in the interest of making farming more efficient this means you have to learn new ways to fight them, or take advantage of new gear.Last, but certainly not the least, is base-building. While it lacks the grandiose nature of many of Minecraft's greatest constructions, the Terraria world does enable no small amount of player-driven building to occur, allowing everything from simple wooden huts to huge multi-level castles, limited only by your creativity and willingness to gather materials. This aspect will only provide as much entertainment to you as you allow it, but that's the best part of Terraria -- building is a sideshow, a distraction, NOT the sole purpose of the game.With a new team of devs taking on the project and driving the game's growth (for example, Hardmode was a post-release addon, and basically doubles the game in doing so), Terraria is poised to continue expanding in all aspects -- combat, crafting, building, mining, whatever drives your experience. And with the price often dropping to below 5 bucks during many sales, you owe it to yourself to get this game if you love 2D hack-and-slash ARPGs.
Kenta	Recommended	833.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/arvidochjoar/	The start may be pretty stale .... But when you've settled down, the game will take your life. Like it did to mine.
█▀█ █▄█ ▀█▀	Recommended	488.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/xahovx/	This is a very fun game, and i personally enjoy it much better when you play with multiple friends. Playing it with friends makes the game so much better and i cant wait for them to keep updating the game
Magically Delicious	Recommended	644.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/FadedRainbows/	Get the game and play it no questions asked .. JUST DO IT
Cancer	Recommended	942.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198079887673/	5 star a lot more detail than minecraft overall awesome game i recomend it to anyone.
MasterKUMA	Recommended	1,435.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/samartcccp/	-THAI REVIEW-ในฐานะคนที่เล่นมาเกือบ 400 Hrs ต้องบอกได้ว่าเกมนี้เป็น 10/10 เกมเดียวที่ผมกล้าการันตี แม้จะไม่ได้อัพเดตมาระยะหนึ่งแล้วก็ตาม ไม่ว่าจะเป็นโหมด SP , Multiplayer ที่สนุกและง่ายในเปิดเซิฟด้วยhamachiเอามากๆ: GAMEPLAY :เกมนี้ลงตัวไปทุกๆก้าวย่างที่อัพเดทเพิ่มขึ้น ,ไม่มีอะไรจะอธิบายเกมๆนี้ได้จริงๆครับ เอาเป็นว่าระบบคร่าวๆของมันมีการคราฟต์ของ การสร้างสรรค์และการทำลายด้วยเครื่องมือต่างๆ การสู้บอส ตกปลา ปรุงยา สะสมของเพื่อทำเป็นของที่ดีกว่าเดิม และอื่นๆอีกมากมายในmultiplayer เช่น ปลักอินสำหรับเซิฟ , เกมส์ย่อยๆอื่นๆที่ดัดแปลงจากระบบในเกมเช่น capture the gem เป็นต้น: MOD :บอกได้ว่า "เยอะ" มีหลายแบบให้เลือกต้องดูเอาเองครับ ทั้งทำให้เป็นRPGจ๋า หรือแหวกแนวเปลี่ยนสายเกมไปเลย ทำให้เล่นได้ไม่เบื่อทีเดียวครับ: SERVER :ในไทยมีสองเซิร์ฟที่ผมรู้จักคือ icy และ cat give games , ปิงน้อยเอามากๆ เล่นเพลินๆ สังคมดีด้วยครับผม : TOTAL :จากหลายปีของ terraria ทำให้เกมนี้เดินมาได้อย่างมั่นคง ถึงแม้จะไม่ดังมากมายนักตามสไตล์เกมส์อินดี้ แต่ทาง dev. ก็ได้ใส่ใจตัวเกมนี้ตลอดเวลา และยังคงพัฒณาไปเรื่อยๆ ขอเชิญทุกคนซื้อเกมส์นี้อย่างถูกลิขสิทธิ์แล้วมาร่วมเติบโตไปพร้อมกับเกมส์นะครับscore: 10 / 10
patty	Recommended	108.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/patza/	if you want a top hat whilst murdering unicorns with a legendary lightsaber, well then... why are you still reading this.... JUST BUY IT ALREADY
PIXELFIXER	Recommended	661.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/pixelfixer/	This is the best game ever! Theres so much fun even after beating the game (took me 300h) This game is definately worth the money. I would be ready to pay more!
Chase	Recommended	126.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198072948172/	This game, is an easy 10/10. With just one saved game, you can play for hours on end. This game is usually having updates so there is always new content for you to explore.
Bobson Dugnutt	Recommended	208.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/unclewiggily/	A combination of looting, crafting, platforming, and 2d fighting with a sense of progression often only seen in rpgs.Brilliant!
MartianZ is ExpeRtZ	Recommended	209.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Justlikemtz/	This game is very unique sandbox game for people who have imagination very goodgame also use mod for advantage
tieio	Recommended	215.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/tieio/	What more can I say that hasn't been said in the long list of positive reviews about this game? Just an awesome game, highly addictive. It is best played with friends but it is still quite immersive playing it alone.
Omni2	Recommended	29.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198059041121/	No. This game is not Minecraft.This game is a lot better than Minecraft.Why?Because it has walking fish.
ChocolateMoonPie	Recommended	904.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198118149274/	Really open world Loads of items Cool music Awesome bosses! and More! 10/10
Aws14	Recommended	170.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Aws14/	its like 2d minecraft with millions more stuff
Luigilock	Recommended	2,374.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198074989606/	I started Terraria at around 2012 - 2013 and it became the funnest game i have played! :D
DanieL [ダニエル]	Recommended	3,818.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/daniel5lix/	Product received for free
█▀█ █▄█ ▀█▀	Recommended	488.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/xahovx/	This is a very fun game, and i personally enjoy it much better when you play with multiple friends. Playing it with friends makes the game so much better and i cant wait for them to keep updating the game
Roz	Recommended	1,283.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Rozpierdylka/	Definitely a must buy for people that like sandbox games. Terraria offers a lot of fun when you play alone, and tons more when you play with friends. It takes a very long time to get bored with this game, and since 1.3 is coming soon, now would be the time to buy it, if you still don't have it for some reason.Update: Even though most of the devs aren't working on it anymore, it's still getting free updates. Now that's dedication.
Luigilock	Recommended	2,374.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198074989606/	I started Terraria at around 2012 - 2013 and it became the funnest game i have played! :D
DownScale	Recommended	87.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/dscale/	I think one of the greatest features of this game is the map. It's designed by you through experience. This results with you learning and remembering nearly every aspect of it as you are playing; without question. The difference between a map learned through creation experience vs. time experience is apparently much more rapid. If I were to attempt to play this game on someone elses carved tunnel systems, where I can not alter the terrain, I would not learn it and understand it as if I were the one carving the tunnels. Experience is, indeed, the best teacher.
Laifot	Recommended	146.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/19831988/	When you first start the game, you might wanna learn a few things. First you need certain knowledge to make your world progress and some extra bad experiences to make your next world better. So this game is basically practice. You don't need superb reflexes or anything, just luck and extra players with you, so you'll be in need of friends to win the game. The music is good and the mining experience is quite good, i enjoyed every minute looking, mining, crafting and trying sets for my style of playing. The negative point is maybe that when you defeat the boss that triggers the hard mode, the difference is VERY significant and you need extremely cautious and learn about potions and their side effects. You will need to learn about biomes and how to keep them. All your enviroments are essential, even corruption or crimson. It was a very fun game to play.
¡¡ Kusa | S> Artwork	Recommended	361.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/1Kusa/	My Impression of TerrariaAfter spending over 300 hours into this game I've finally decided to write a review.This game can be really frustrating from time to time, but its a blast to play with a friend for sure.Terraria is constantly recieving updates & new features to explore.  Positive Mediocre Negative + The PvE concept is fun ~ Some bosses may be frustrating - Requires a lot of farming + You can challange yourself by beating expert-mode ~ Crafting potions - Game can be missleading for new players + Terraria allows you to be very creative ~ Small inventory - PvP system is really bad + There's mods to install if you get bored ~ Can quickly get boring when you dont have any friends (like me) - There's no offical servers + You can buy the game in 4packs  - Sometimes makes you wanna commit suicide + There's Bunnies   + Mobs gets harder as you progress in the game   + You can play with your friends through steam in just one click  Note: This review was written for Terraria version 1.3.4 
denim_chicken	Recommended	203.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mrm4rk0/	This game is pure gold. When I first bought it, I didn't know many things about this game, I just wanted to buy some game that's long. I was not dissapointed, I couldn't stop playing it. There are so many things to do in Terraria, anything you can imagine - you can do it. Which makes this game very interesting and unique. Amazing gameplay, nice graphics, great soundtrack. Multiplayer is awesome, because there is also PVP option. And also, very good price! Buy it, you won't regret it.
Admiral IcyBear	Recommended	232.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198045082991/	One of the best games on steam.
Aws14	Recommended	170.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Aws14/	its like 2d minecraft with millions more stuff
Omni2	Recommended	29.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198059041121/	No. This game is not Minecraft.This game is a lot better than Minecraft.Why?Because it has walking fish.
ChocolateMoonPie	Recommended	904.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198118149274/	Really open world Loads of items Cool music Awesome bosses! and More! 10/10
patty	Recommended	108.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/patza/	if you want a top hat whilst murdering unicorns with a legendary lightsaber, well then... why are you still reading this.... JUST BUY IT ALREADY
John Wolf ♥	Recommended	33.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198211271895/	Its like minecraft, except much better with a lot of things added into it like magic, bosses, different weapons, just so much more.
3danman	Recommended	556.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198188340723/	Easily the best game I've ever played in my whole entire life.
denim_chicken	Recommended	203.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mrm4rk0/	This game is pure gold. When I first bought it, I didn't know many things about this game, I just wanted to buy some game that's long. I was not dissapointed, I couldn't stop playing it. There are so many things to do in Terraria, anything you can imagine - you can do it. Which makes this game very interesting and unique. Amazing gameplay, nice graphics, great soundtrack. Multiplayer is awesome, because there is also PVP option. And also, very good price! Buy it, you won't regret it.
DanteDDL[UA]	Recommended	179.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/danteddl/	Did you miss the sandbox? Do you want to remember how is it to build and dig? So that the whole world was your painting with a lot of adventure? Gather resources. Create new weapons and armor. Loot the ruins. Defeat bosses. Make the world yours!
█▀█ █▄█ ▀█▀	Recommended	488.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/xahovx/	This is a very fun game, and i personally enjoy it much better when you play with multiple friends. Playing it with friends makes the game so much better and i cant wait for them to keep updating the game
Kenta	Recommended	833.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/arvidochjoar/	The start may be pretty stale .... But when you've settled down, the game will take your life. Like it did to mine.
cactus jack	Recommended	471.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/portalreaper/	It's really, really, really fun. It's not 2d minecraft, it's way far from that. It's fun bro
Schmexxy time	Recommended	189.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ondravaradi/	This game is probably the best game currently on steam. For just 10 euros you get over 80 hours of great gameplay in just one playthrough. But After that you still have many hours of gameplay and features left. You can customize your world, try out different build or even try the game in expert mode (it is very challenging in just normal difficulty). The gameplay appears simple, but it´s very deep. I never got bored playing this game and when I start to play it again I am instantly hooked. Bosses are phenomenal and unforgettable. I would say that the bosses in this game can be compared to the best Dark Souls series bosses in terms of quality and challenge. Each boss is unique and can beat you down easily if you are not careful, but it is always fair and you can make it slightly easier and more entertaining if you prepare the boss arena first. Along with the bosses there is spectacular soundtrack (Planterra song FTW). And if you want you can play the whole game with your friend (as many as you like) and the coop is also very amazing and flawless in my eyes. And  the devs of this game are freaking amazing. They listen to feedback and update the game with content years after release. For me Re-logic is the best company I have ever seen and it is apparent that they love their game and want to support it years after release. I give this game without the doubt a full 10/10 and I think that every Steam user should have this game. I love this game and I am looking forward to Terraria: Otherworld.
Phixfeiss	Recommended	397.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Phixfeiss/	When i think about terraria i can't find any cons. We have almost everything open world with many bosses, monsters and npc. Every created world looks different so we could never stop exploring but for me building my own world is one hundred times better. Difficult of terraria it's at a good level. The number of items is really big so we could spend a lot of time by crafting. I enjoy terraria and i recommend it for everyone.
Phixfeiss	Recommended	397.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Phixfeiss/	When i think about terraria i can't find any cons. We have almost everything open world with many bosses, monsters and npc. Every created world looks different so we could never stop exploring but for me building my own world is one hundred times better. Difficult of terraria it's at a good level. The number of items is really big so we could spend a lot of time by crafting. I enjoy terraria and i recommend it for everyone.
Chargeback Thomas	Recommended	172.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Thomas-/	Terraria is a 2D action-adventure sandbox indie side-scroller. You create your character and jump into a randomly generated world. You can then explore, fight, craft, and build to your heart's content. When I first played Terraria, I thought it was one of the dullest games I had ever played. But once I figured out what I was doing, learnt a few recipes, and played with some friends it became one of the most fun games I have ever played. There is no story to Terraria. You dig, mine ores, make gear, go after the next tier of ore, repeat. However, there is a ton of NPCs to meet/rescue, bosses to defeat, and plenty of creatures to kill. There's also plenty of different materials for those who love to build in games.The recent 1.2 update added a whole ton of new items, enemies, and recipes. Making an already great game even better. Overall a great game.
Gehab 👌	Recommended	225.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/gehab/	An amazing game! :D
large	Recommended	3,207.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198134562328/	this game is cool
Free Bobby Shmurda	Recommended	1,019.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198050558162/	Over 800 hours should explain this game. I still play too . . .
thexblades	Recommended	7.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/thexblades/	Product received for free
hEatDeath	Recommended	63.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/takt1kal/	Update on revisiting game after 2 years: Still awesome.Great game , best played as coop with friend.Tip : Avoid looking at the screenshots or reading anything about it if possible. Nothing beats the surprise and serendipity when you discover something on your own.Like exploring? There is a whole world to get lost in. Tired of exploring? Try building your uber mansion/fortress. Bored of building? Try a shot at defeating a powerful monster or boss. Beaten by monster? Maybe you should craft better weapons and armor. This game has more craftable items than Minecraft. Bored of crafting? Why don't you go exploring. And so on. There are so many activities, to scratch every itch - be it your desire for exploring, hunting, mining, crafting, building, creating, or just letting your imagination run wild. Also the game's lore seems quite deep. I dunno the full story though. I am 50 hours in and I feel like I have only scratched the surface of what this game has to offer.
Shiro	Recommended	588.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Shirl0/	Just... Play it!!
McKack	Recommended	338.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mckack/	Minecraft in 2D, except it has actual goals and is fun.
DefectiveWes	Recommended	119.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/DefectiveWes/	I literally flooded the entire world.10/10
NajaMiMi	Recommended	806.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/darke1539/	 Built a Pit for trapping zombies. Captured 6 goldfish instead.Caught them all in one swipe of my Bug Net.Put them in my chest.Friend opened chest and released all of them in my house.Caught them once more with my Bug Net.Released them into Lava.Found 3 more in The Pit the next morning.I decide to add Lava to The Pit.I hear many sounds of dying Fish the next morning.I find their remains deep in the Lava Pit.______________________________________________________ I R8 THIS GAME 15/10, M8. 
Sad pepe	Recommended	7.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/StormKnightGuy/	Basic Take Of The Game : A sandbox game filled with many things to do and many things to make.Fun or Not : Hours of sanbox funWould i recommend to buy this? : Yes very muchAdditional Info : 10/10 would get ♥♥♥♥ed by flying eyes again.
Svirt	Recommended	11.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/svirt/	More like 2D World of WarcraftTerraria offers many opportunities, if you are looking for a Hack and Slash type of game. The game is about getting better equipment, fighting monsters and beating bosses. This is nothing like Minecraft don't be mistaken, just in 2D building bases and other constructions looses its meaning. Terraria remind me of 2D World of Warcraft much more than Minecraft. There is a big potential in crafting system, but it is very confusing for new players, too many types of material and a huge scale of items that you don't even know what to do first, but luckily you don't need most of it - just give it enough time and you might more than like it. 6.5 /10 
-Khronic-	Recommended	627.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/aquasarge/	I have owned terraria since 2011, and I must regret that I don’t have more hours in this game. Terraria is the best Indie game I have ever owned. It has so much for you the player to do. Here is my separate ratings for some of the game aspects.Music (8/10) Amazing retro soundtrack that fits the game so well.Graphics (9/10) The retro style graphics mixed with the music gives off a very light hearted tone to the game.Customization (10/10) The building system in this game is perfect for the 2d world you live in, and the player customization is amazing with over 100 items that change your characters appearance.Gameplay (9/10) The game can be played all by yourself which is really fun, but bring your friends into the mix and it’s even better, fight massive amounts of mobs and bosses with your friends for some awesome loot.Originality (8.5/10) Terraria has plenty of unique game items and aspects to bring to the table and are pulled off fairly well, the developers have mixed in some great references to other media such as Doctor Who, Zelda, and more.The price tag for terraria is $9.99 which is cheap for the amount of content and hours of fun you will have with this gem. It goes on sale fairly often so if you see it on sale and don’t own it yet grab it. Note: My grammar and spelling sucks I know sorry.
phoenix	Recommended	363.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198339700741/	I really like Terraria. It's an amazing game made by amazing people. It also has a great modding community as well! I think Terraria should have new bosses sometime soon, but that is my opinion. I love the game as it is, and I'm eventually going to attempt to speedrun it using only throwing weapons. Terraria is an amazing game and it is made by awesome developers.
Cookie sem Fubá	Recommended	643.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/cookiedefuba/	Terraria is a incredible game, and it's always well updated. It's gem as a sandbox game (I have even a map just for building) and as an adventure game. People often judge it for being a 2D Minecraft, but I really think a HUGE of things are different between both, being Terraria deeper than Minecraft. Still both are amazing games!It's a nice price, and it's even better with friends. Go for it! You won't regret it.
Dracus	Recommended	846.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Dracus/	★★★★★★★★★★10/10Blocks. Weapons. Tools. Monsters. Magic. FUN! 
derKönig	Recommended	85.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/woodelwoo/	Better than Minecraft <3 10/10
ThePokey	Recommended	561.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/thepokey/	This Game is one of my favourites on Steam. The Game itself may not be everyones cup of tea alone, but with a friend its a blast. Seriously. I got almost all of my Hours with a Friend, and Mods. Oh, the Mods. There are tons of mods for this game, very unique and rich of new Stuff to do and try. Also the Music is very good in my opinion. The Achievements arent too hard, really. Some of them are Luck Based, but the only bad one that I could think of would be the Last Fishing Quest (Supreme Helper Minion, I believe). The Bosses are very well structured and each Boss is worth refighting for their Stuff. The Bosses are diverse and fair. Additionaly to whom it may appeal, there is Expert Mode. Expert Mode changes the AI of most Bosses lightly, and buffs enemies and Bosses. However in Return, Bosses drop Treasure Bags with their Loot in it for EVERY Player instead of just one time its Loot, and each Boss drops a new Expert Mode Exclusive Item. This Item varies from Boss to Boss, some of them are Weapons, other of them are unique, challenging, or have a fun little effect.If that does not say anything about its replayabilty, then Idk what else. The Devs are actively working on the next Update, which is going to be big, as all Updates were. Final Score is in my opinion 10/10
Limerence	Recommended	105.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198013100426/	So this will be my serious review face okay man. so in this game there is this nurse right? i was like afte rkilling the cuthulu u lu lulu cuth but not him but his eye really cuthu lulu cuthu lul okay so afte ri did that well you can really expect me to say if youre a fan of my work that sex in mass effect hapepns in terraria?? no ♥♥♥♥ ing sex okay so after this time i will really mad no sex but the game good okay but mass effect has alien sex. final conclusion mass effect good, terraria good but not sex!!!!! GO
Enix	Recommended	3,695.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/enixlederp/	I have 2780 (Edit: Now 3150) hours on this game. That's over 100 (Edit: Now 130) days straight.I enjoyed it the whole time.It's worth buying, especially for only $10.
OhptikNurv	Recommended	128.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198053877292/	The amount of content in this game is insane for the low price it's sold at.
[ReAp]VampireIdle🦇	Recommended	446.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Evamore13/	This is probably one of the best Games here on Steam.I first bought this Game back in 2013 and after dying a couple of times I didnt touch it for a while. However after playing it with a friend I discovered what a gem it really is.Terraria is a 2D Adventure, Survival, Crafting Game that is just perfect in every way. It also is very optimised and recieved lots of updates making building (Thank you for the smart Cursor) & moving around the world (Thank you for the different mounts) alot easier.Terraria is so Cheap but you can spend so much time on it. It basically is never ending fun and now with the achievements it will be easy ish to get 100%. The only grinding bit will be the fishing quests you'll need to do. There is honestly so much to do and it is an absolut gem. You just have to try it out yourself and if you dont want to spend 10€ (which is already really cheap for this kind of game) then you can always wait for a sale and grab it there!Now this Game might not have the best "graphics" but it is lovely the way it is and it shouldn't be in any other way. I highly recommend this Game to any Minecraft, Metroidvania & 100% Achievement Fan. But even if you are not one of those, the Chances that you will dislike this Game are very low! So just give it a shot!
Enrico	Recommended	188.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/EnricoUniverse/	Never puts out any dlc,Doubles the game's content in a patch... again.Seriously though Re-Logic doesn't get nearly enough credit for their work.
DannyDaemonic	Recommended	273.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/dannydaemonic/	First and foremost, this is an "adventure" game. No, not an "adventure game." In those you pick up a stick shaped like an "F" and use it to open an oversized lock on a chest full of bubblegum that you'll soon need to throw at some dogs so you can sneak past them to get to the... no. This is an "adventure" game. The game is an adventure.A real adventure. Like when you take a shortcut through the wilderness, but end up further and further off path as you follow a stream, looking for a good place to cross.A real adventure. Like when you go hiking in the mountains and get lost. Only to realize it'll be quicker to get back to civilization by continuing forward, rather than returning the way you came.A real adventure. Like when you find yourself some place you've never been before, and with just a few tools, build yourself a makeshift home and defend it from zombies at night while exploring the world around you during the day. Eventually working your way underground into chasms filled with treasure and the occasional abandoned dwelling. Perhaps running across a giant beehive in an underground jungle or a buried pyramid under the desert. Finding your way deep into the darkness where the dead wander freely and mushrooms fluoresce brightly. Going deeper and deeper yet; to the point where the molten core of the planet lights up your eyes in a way only the sun had previously done.The hard part of writing a review for a game like this is not spoiling too much while still letting people know how deep the game actually is. So much of what I enjoyed about my first playthrough of this game was discovery. Terraria might seem too simple when you first start out, and then possibly even overwhelming. But you'll be glad you spent effort to follow the stream or continue forward through the mountains.There's weapons and magic, but you never pick a class, like warrior or archer. Due to the wide range of weapons, accessories, and armor choices you'll suddenly realize at some point, perhaps when surrounded by your minions, that you've specialized as a summoner. Or that you're a wizard, or explosives expert. Or perhaps you're some unique archer-warrior hybrid. But your choices and discoveries have slowly lead you into your role; you never chose it from a drop down list.There's a multitude of biomes to discover. Each with their own unique enemies, and of course, epic boss fights. There's an incredible number of things you can do as you progress through the game. And while it plays fine single player, if you have a friend or two you can bring with you on this journey, you'll have that much more fun and they will thank you for it.Sure, you can spend hours upon hours building elaborate castles decorated with furniture you've crafted or statues you've collected from around the world. You can reshape the terrain around you - spreading biomes you like or cutting down those you don't. You can even bring biomes up from deep in the earth and set up the perfect potion mushroom farm right next to your base. One of my favorite things to do is to use the wiring system to set elaborate boobie traps around my fortifications. But you don't have to do any of that to progress. It's really all up to you. Although even if none of that is "your thing," you might be so drawn in that you find yourself happily engaged in such activities.And yes, a big part of the game is digging, but it's primarily a means of exploration. A means of reaching that next treasure chest, or cluster of gems. A means of reaching the next deep fissure in the earth. A great adventure awaits you.
BradySmif	Recommended	3,395.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/2368426458265703573725478/	Hands down one of the best games I have ever played. Heck, it was the only reason I got Steam. This game is original and beautiful as a survival game.
Vaelic	Recommended	185.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198019289587/	No game has drawn me back over weeks or years, to come back to this game again and again and start over, like Terraria.  It never loses it's "fun factor" like most games do over time.
Etheral	Recommended	898.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/QureEtheral/	Terraria is the first game i got on steam, and im not disappointed.I think everyone should have this game.There is hundreds of hours worth of  gameplay without modding nowadays and then there is the multiplayer servers, which add another level of fun to the game.You can setup your own private server through the game to play with friends, or download a server to setup so you can use commands.You can mod the game using TModloader and then the possibilities are endless, make your own mod, or download one!like i said, i think everyone should have this game and i reccomend it for everyone, to solo and multiplayer people.
Jibsack	Recommended	205.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Jibsack/	Before I say anything, this is not a minecraft clone. If anything in my opinion it's a ton better. The game is is mainly sandbox with some rpg elements. You get the choice of just solely using it as a sandbox(no creative like mode) or you choose certain builds, defeat bosses and an expert mode if your too good. The main builds are melee,magic,ranger and summoner. The terraria wiki(btw which is very helpful) goes into more detail on the pros and cons.The crafting system in the game is also very good. Theres almost no need to have to find out how to craft things as you start with an npc who practically tells you everything you can craft with one item. You also only need to have the items in your inventory to craft rather than align them in some shape.This game also has many npcs(just over 20) that mainly serve to sell or give certain info. They are quite straightforward to unlock and you keep them in houses you build. Certain npcs are quite helpful depending on the build you go for during the game.Gaining money is also quite simple. This can range from defeating enemies, bosses and selling items to npcs.There happens to be a plethora of items including tonnes of weapons and armour for each build and tonnes or craft able material from many many ores to item drops.Terraria also has a few biomes including evil biomes as well. All these biomes are quite useful with their own enemies and generic animals. You also unlock a biome after hardmode(more on that later). Terraria's map is not infinite an you set the size when creating. However there is no problem with this especially choosing a large map. Even the small map is big enough to explore many many hours and there still will be something you missed.The game itself kinda has two parts which are pre hard mode and hardmode. Hardmode is triggered after defeating a certain boss and increases the amount of items obtainable, more bosses and another biome. There happens to be events aswell which spawn different kind of enemies or are there to provide a sort of challenge. Some are random while most are summonable.However no game is perfect though. There is a bit of grinding to do especially if you want items and these can be really rare. Once you've defeated the final boss, the game is somewhat too easy except the only way for a challenge is expert mode(haven't experienced this mode). Items due tend to get useless especially items that are crafted by ore. Luckily this can be sold to make ingame money. While i dont mind the 2d graphics some may not enjoy it as much. Im sure there are a few more flaws but i cant think of any. In terms of stability, it's fairly stable and i have not seen a single bug at all.Im sure I missed quite a bit in this review but this game has so much to do. It can even be modded though I havent experienced that yet. Overall I highly recommend this game at even full price.
coffee™	Recommended	1,043.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/thetruecoffee/	After 1k hours in this game I think I can confidently say that it's got a very special place in my heart. Years ago when I first bought this game I've played through it at least fifty times, maybe more, with different class biases and challenges, mods and on expert mode. It's simply a wonderfully fun, in depth game, with so much replayability and different styles to play, that I'd reccommend it to anyone even remotely interested in it by the screenshots and videos on this store page. It's well worth it even at full price, but hey if you can get it on sale - which it goes on sale pretty often nowadays - then that's even better.
King Charles The Thicc	Recommended	45.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Charlesarmstronghuntley/	Terraria is one of the best indie games ever created. There is so much to do in this game and so much to collect. Even after you invest dozens of hours there will still be monsters to hunt, bosses to fight, gear to craft, materials to find, and fun to be had. Take all of that and throw in friends and you will have a blast with this masterpiece.Gameplay: The gameplay here is very simple overall, but the deep customization is what makes it so addicting and memorable. Combat is very simple, and has three main branches that you can follow: Melee, Range, and Magic. There are various weapons, trinkets, armor, and summons that will increase the potency of your talents and allow you to achieve maximum stats. This would mean nothing of course if there wasn't a huge cast of enemies to fight and there is: there are over 400 different enemies each with its own set of drops to be obtained. Fighting isn't the only thing you'll do though, as you'll also need a powerful and invulnerable shelter to house your possessions, NPCs, and spawnpoint, all the while keeping them safe from the hundreds of various threats. The sheer amount of different blocks, background tiles, and furniture ensure that you will never build the same house twice, unless you want to of course. The mining in this game is also addictive and fun. There are so many exotic treasures to be found in the underground along with dangerous enemies and fantastic biomes. Every ground level biome has its own cave that holds its respective gear type (Ex. Snow Biome Caves have ice swords) giving you tons to explore, loot, and conquer. Once you obtain powerful enough equipment and stats, you will eventually pit yourself against the game's many bosses which are doorways for new loot and new phases for your world to undergo. There is an unbelievable amount of content in this game and it all fits together so well. Considering the fact that this game will continue to be updated after the release of its sequel is a guarantee of the developer's hard work and consideration for the strong and ever growing community.Overall Score for Gameplay: 10/10Story: The story in this game is extremely minimal and more left to the speculation of individuals. What is certain is that your in a post apocalyptic type world that is overrun by deadly creatures and being taken over by evil and corruption. As you explore and upgrade your equipment you'll develop the world into a safer and pure place that the friendly NPCs can inhabit easier. In short, your a kind of guardian standing against the tide of evil that looks to spread throughout the world and consume it.  While there are some interesting tidbits given to you by the NPCs as to why your there and what your doing, they don't add too much. Fortunately, this game doesn't need a canon story to be good and is open enough for players to speculate what they think the game is about allowing them to create their own stories, which is really what makes this gem so special.Overall Score for Story: 9/10Characters: The characters in this game are simply crafted, each NPC has its own personality but they aren't developed in any meaningful way and stay pretty much the same throughout the playthrough which is fine as their main purpose is to sell you goods. They are however pretty diverse and have enough character for the player to speculate them which fits in with the rest of the story nicely.Overall Score for Characters: 8/10Graphics: The graphics in this game fit the theme and overall feeling very well. The biomes are very different looking from one another, the NPCs all fit in nicely with the scenery, the building materials stand out from nature, and the particle effects are very nice. The visuals are timeless and will continue to serve this game well for many years to come.Overall Score for Graphics: 10/10Soundtrack: The soundtrack in this game is very nice and fits the mood well. Each biome has its own theme that truly brings it to life and gives it depth. Alternate music also plays for bosses which alerts the player to the rising difficulty and awards if he/she succeeds. The OST does its job very well and is definitely worth buying buy itself if your into that.Overall Score for Soundtrack: 9/10Sound: The sound effects in this game are great. The ambient noise such as rain or wind are convincing and really bring the locations a sense of authenticity. With the hundreds and thousands of enemies, objects, material, and weapons, you'd think they make similar sounds but they do not which really improves the overall quality of the game. Overall Score for Sound: 10/10 So yeah, this game is really something special and can be run on a laptop from the 90s so there is no excuse from a hardware or wallet standpoint not to pick this one up. It has a ton of replay value and even after you "beat" it there is still plenty of fun to be had with friends. I have owned this game on Xbox 360, Xbox One, PS Vita, and now PC and I can still sink plenty of hours in and still feel like I have a lot to do.Overall Score for Game: 9.4/10If you have any questions about the game, comment on this review.
Yikes	Recommended	737.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/YungIkeSly/	You'll never find a game more ripe with content, more beloved by its developers, more replayable, more visually an audibly beautiful for 10 bucks. This is a modern masterpiece
mudd	Recommended	1,587.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/rudmill/	h
MelonTheMelon	Recommended	547.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/MelonTheMelon/	Pros- Cool SoundtrackMultiplayer actually worksBoss fightsNPC personalitysThousands of ItemsGameplay that keeps you interestedd=============Cons- Its so good that its takes up hundreds of hours of your life =============Don't listen to people who say it's a rip-off of some other game. This game isn't like anything I've seen before. It's worth your time, trust me.(Edit: I took out the part that says unicorns because no.)
Panty	Recommended	118.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/chronicallylazy/	The overwhelming amount of positivity this game has recieved is well-deserved. For a 2D side-scroller, the game has much, much more going for it than you'd expect, initially. To make the cake even sweeter, you can install community-created Mods, which not only add more to do in the game, but more often than not add a whole new level of challenge and exploration that'll surely catch you off-guard.I cannot recommend this game enough. I previously only spent about ten minutes in the game, however after getting into it with some friends and discovering all it had to give, I put over a hundred hours, and I enjoyed every second of it.If you're on the fence about buying the game, definitely do so. It may seem simple and odd on the surface, but once you get into it, you're treated to one of, if not the best retro survival game of all time!Forgot to mention, not only is the community still thriving, but the game is still getting updated, and will be updated from here on out. Even so, there's plenty of mods to fit your fancy.If I was to give it a number out of 10, I'd honestly give it a 10One of the best games I've ever played, and it didn't even cost more than $10 
Xx-Zigel-xX	Recommended	4,529.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198237530356/	You'd think with all the hours i have the game would get boring, but it isnt. This game is fun by itself, but get a friend or download some mods and say bye bye to your freetime.
Random	Recommended	112.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/RandomLosgunn/	I've put lots of time into this game, even before I bought it on Steam. When I did finally get it on Steam, I purchased two copies: one for myself, and one for my wife. We played together, helping each other collect health and mana upgrades, equipment upgrades, and collecting the NPCs. She fought off slimes and zombies while I established gardens for mushrooms, trees, and plants for potion ingredients. We mined, we explored dungeons and caves, we fought bosses and discovered how to navigate Hell.It's been an amazing time, and this game has been well worth the amount of money I've spent on it. I've gotten more hours of enjoyment out of it, both alone and with my wife, than I have with nearly every $60 AAA game. The music, the graphics, the controls, and the amount of stuff available to do just make it an easy recommendation for me.
Ping Pirate	Recommended	238.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198060988716/	At this point, Terraria is cultural cornerstone in PC gaming.
BungleBerryBooce	Recommended	5,765.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198157405510/	One of the best games ever far a very good price(Plus it gets better when you install mods!)
John Blizzard	Recommended	264.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/lukose/	Probably the only thing I could legitimately play forever.
Preator	Recommended	133.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198000207900/	A game developed and published by Re-Logic.Terraria, an interesting title, where your imagination determines how far you can progress, and how much time you will pour into this game. A hollow world till you arrive, teeming with precious ores, and dark secrets. Fetid swamps and dry deserts. This game is definitely an endeavour, and it will soak up alot of your time as you try and reach the pinnacle of your characters limitations and how much you can construct. Often remarked as a "2D Minecraft" I always find this comparison woefully incorrect. Minecraft has a wide selection of enemies, which is similar, A wide array of ore and precious gems to mine, which is also similar. But from then one, Terraria leaves it dead in the water. An RPG experience, with substantial boss progression, Active try and retry game mechanics and spanning character classes, All inclusive of a massive crafting system, and wide assortment of things to collect and try. Anyways, I've praised it enough, lets get down to the review!Graphics: Probably one of the weaker points of the game, Its still very vibrant and holds upto despite its 2011, Birthdate.This is mainly due to the pixelated graphics and 2D perspective of the game. Not alot to render, and not alot to process at any one time, Making it run very smoothly at any point in time, But also extremely limited due to there not being any sort of graphical options or benchmarks.Gameplay: Where do i begin. This game plays, as well as you can play it. All the mechanics are there for you to make it work in your favor. But finding your niche and finding your work space is all crucial in you enjoying your time in Terraria.The game drops you into a world, where you basically don't understand anything, A very limited spread of understanding, very few tools at your disposal, and a single NPC to help guide you along your journey. 4 classes to basically choose from as you progress through the game, Melee, Ranged, Mage and Summoner. All depending on how you want to play and how you prefer to play. Despite there being no relevant story or backstory to this game, there is a substantial amount of progression and ALOT of gear to rummage around for.Story: I think i pretty much covered this aspect of the game already. There really isn't a story here. Which is usually a game killer for me. I heavily invest in story driven worlds, And this world has none to speak of. I guess the story can be made up for each player, as to why you are doing what you're doing, but as for a story driven narrative. There isn't one.I don't often do a "CONS" section. But this game is so monstrous in terms of scope and size, I feel it's necessary to provide as much information as possible. I love this game to bits, this is perhaps the 3rd time i've played it through, Once on playstation, once on Xbox and now on PC. So i'm well aware of his rather frustrating flaws.So here we are....Cons: This game despite how much effort has been poured into it, Has rather sizable and numerous flaws. Mostly relating around achievement glitches, game crashing and multiplayer bugs.Achievement glitches are fairly frustrating, although are entirely not a concern unless you're as OCD as i am. The game progresses the same way regardless of steams registering of your progress.Game crashes for alot of players at certain intervals in the game, Which HAS caused loss of character saves. It's highly recommended that you cloud save your favorite character builds and worlds, so that your save data will always be present.And Multiplayer as a whole is a fairly awful experience, the above mention bugs as well as an assortment of new things, Players not seeing what each other are seeing, Enemies and bosses despawning because of numerous players involved, which may or may not potentially ruin hours upon hours of preparation and planning. Frustrating to say the least. But alot of it is avoidable if you take necessary precautions. Alot of which can be found through quick internet searches.Overall: This game is a gigantic time suck lolThere is no other way to put it, You will pour time into boss by boss progression, farming and grinding enemies for specific gear to better improve your chances at the next boss. You will dig deep into dirt, mud and ash for hours upon hours just to find 3 pieces of ore which isn't even close to the amount you need. You will kill thousands of enemies for a single piece of gear, that isn't even optimal till you find another piece it can be fused with. You will die on the inside for days and potentially weeks as you farm your way to the very end of the game. And then when it's all over and you finally can get a breath of respite as your real life world is crumbling to pieces around you, You will feel empty, knowing that it's done.This game isn't just worth its price, It's worth every minute you pour into it.Welcome to Terraria. I hope you enjoy it as much as i do.
field_of_lettuce	Recommended	901.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/field_of_lettuce/	Buy Terraria, play for an unhealthy amount of hoursGet burnt out, leave it for a whileYou hear theres been an update Play for even more hoursRepeat till end of time10/10
KAMIKAZƎ	Recommended	274.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/nakedsnake-/	It's one of those games, who you start off having no idea what you have to do, and end up sinking hundreds of hours. One of those (few) games that its developers love so much that they keep updating it. One of those games that everyone must try.9.5/10 
Uni	Recommended	1,030.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198148485481/	-buy game-play game-make new character and world-spawn-wonder what to do-chop trees-make a house-aimlessly wander-find corruption-die-find snow-die-find cave-die-go mining again-mine successfully for 3 days straight-make weapons and armor-"what now?"-search the internet for clues-fight your first boss-die-make an arena this time-win-fight more bosses-die some more-win some more-fight skeletron-die a bunch-finally win-explore the dungeon-die-loot-fight the wall of flesh-release the spirits of light and dark-die-find the hallow-go underground-mine-die-mine successfully-make pickaxes and a mythril anvil-make armor-die-fight the mechanical bosses-die-try again-win-get sum life fruits-get sum chlorophyte-make chlorophyte weapons and armor-die-find a plantera bulb-break a plantera bulb-fight plantera-die-try again-you succeed-enter temple-die-enter temple again-loot temple-fight golem-die (embarrasing...)-fight golem again-succeed-fight the moons-die-succeed-find truffle worms-fight duke fishron-die-fight him again-win-go to dungeon-die-loot dungeon-become OP-kill cultists-die-lunatic creatures are invading-fight pillars-kill pillar after pillar-die-kill final pillar-moonlord spawns-kill moonlord-win-repeat10/10 would write novel again
Uncle Eddie	Recommended	76.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/UncleEddie/	This is one of the best games ever made and the only reason it is not regarded as such is that it is not very accessible. I can imagine many critics have started Terraria, played for some hours trying to figure it out, and put it away. Very often, critics have drawn misguided conclusions that Terraria resembles Minecraft (or is a Minecraft clone), but in fact nothing could be further from the truth. Terraria is a procedurally generated sandbox survival metroidvania. Learning curve is steep, the game is hard and often requires you to consult to wikis and guides (even more so than the Souls series) but once you gain control of the game mechanics, you will find a very deep, hard core gem. Don’t let its eye-candy graphics fool you…You are dropped into a world surrounded by many dangers. Initially, you are expected to make your first shelter, first weapon and just survive. This is the very core of the whole game. In order to beat stronger creatures, you need better weapons for which you need better crafting material. To get better crafting material, you need to mine deep into the earth, which leads you to find secret chests, face gazillion creatures including “bosses”. Boss fights not only require skill, but also need you to have the weapons, armors, potions, items necessary to beat them. Last, but not the least, there are plenty of events such as Halloween, Christmas, Pirate Invasion etc. with their own unique bosses and loots.While you are working on mining for better tools, armors, weapons to be able to beat stronger enemies, you also need to keep expanding your “shelter”. A chair, ceiling and door is not sufficient any longer. You need to keep building new rooms to have room for new crafting centers and chests (for inventory). Every new room invites a new NPC to your shelter who can be crucial in your quest to beat the world of terraria, whether they sell unique items or provide healing.Being a true sandbox game, you can also ignore progression and spend hundreds of hours just building. Your limit to what you can build and how you can customize it is your imagination. People at Terraria subreddit still manage to amaze me with their creativity and sometimes totally mind-blowing architecture. Whether you choose to play it as a metroidvania or as a sandbox 2d Minecraft, you will love Terraria. In my opinion, it is one of the best games ever made.PS: Buy it full price. Developers are still updating content and supporting the game after all these years (without any paid DLCs whatsoever), they really deserve some support.10/10 
Archon	Recommended	105.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/archonist/	TerrariaBrutally honest reviews.The good:+ Looks good for a 2D Title.+ Good lighting.+ Great optimization for how good its lighting. This game runs on any computer, albeit, you might have to use Retro lighting and/or lower graphical options.+ Great depth for a "Sandbox Adventure" title.+ Mixes Dungeon-Crawler with Exploration and "Mining-Sim".+ All Magic weapons, and SOME Melee and Ranged weapons are unique and fun to use.+ Each boss is unique, and very fun.+ Tons of events that are unique and fun, from blood moons to solar eclipses.+ Most enemies are unique, fun to figure out how they work, and kill.The bad:/ To those who aren't used to 2D Combat, the combat can be kind of lack-luster and a little hard sometimes./ A lot of melee and ranged weapons feel samey./ There is a definite unbalance between Melee, Magic, and Ranged classes. Throwing, and Summoning are basically nonexistent./ The early game can be considered boring compared to the mid-game. End-game is the same, but at least goes a little faster./ Knowing what to do next or where to go is hard to figure out sometimes.The ugly:- None!Terraria is a game that, time and time again, I see people comparing to Minecraft. You cannot really compare these games together, because to me, Terraria is a dungeon-crawler. You are meant to find good weapons, kill enemies and bosses, and mining is secondary. This is strengthened by the amount of unique enemies, bosses, accessories, weapons, and the likes. Terraria is a game that I can recommend to anyone who enjoys dungeon crawlers. The combat isn't difficult, and I honestly like it. There's great music, amazing biome diversity, building is fun, enemies are just as fun and unique, bosses are hard to kill without taking a decent amount of damage. There are hooks, wings, pets, and way more that are unique.You can view more information on the prices, playercount, and other information here.[steamdb.info] 
Helios Leinheart	Recommended	186.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/heliosleinheart/	You can be a werewolf riding a unicorn while shooting rainbows from a gun. You can build teleporters, find a hair dresser in a spider cavern, and get a sword that shoots cats. You can take on the lord of the moon using a yoyo, summon a sharknado minion that shoots sharks at your enemies, and find sky temples where air wyverns spawn. You can buy a music box from a wizard and go record the music that you like the most so you can have it playing in your base whenever you want, and then you can go build a castle made entirely out of white marble. It would seem the only thing Minecraft has over this game is 1 dimension. Trust me, once you get used to it and start learning about the game, Terraria is simply one of the most satisfying sandbox experiences out there. It may sound rude, but compared to this, Minecraft just has no imagination.
Spirri	Recommended	1,361.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Spirri/	1000 hours of my life wasted on this game. I have no regrets. 
Willykinz	Recommended	192.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/willykinz/	People always love to make the comparision of Terraria and Minecraft. If you ever played this game, you'll know that they shouldn't be compared. In fact, for a single player experience, i'd say Terraria beats Minecraft hands down. But this isn't about Minecraft, so i'll list a few things as to why Terraria is great.Terraria is for those who love the idea of growing and becoming stronger the more you play. In the beginning, you're pretty much helpless, killing the weakest enemies in multiple hits. You move slugglishly, and minor heights and caverns are truly intimidating. In the end, you are a force to be reckoned with, capable of taking down hoards of enemy after enemy mithout even pressing a button - diving to the deepest parts of the world and traversing every terrain with ease. The change is gradual, and each challenge is tougher than the last. But if you're up for the grind - and its a fun one at that - then Terraria is for you.  
Kaiи	Recommended	356.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/lazarus_89/	Okay, out of all of the games in the library this is probably the one with the most hours I have logged into in terms of gameplay. This game is NOT 2D Minecraft, no matter what you've heard. In my opinion, Terraria is significantly better than Minecraft and I'm honestly still disappointed to hear that this game's spinoff was cancelled.Things this game has:GunsSummonablesTools and accessories, too many to keep track ofGreat modpacksIn a sense, a 3D feature (wall placement)Endless opportunities, there's so much♥♥♥♥♥♥you can do it's not even funnyYou can't have a strong Steam library without this game, it's fun to play on your own and even more fun with friends. There's a lore that surrounds the several unexplained aspects of this game and that makes it even better. There isn't a fanbase dictated by snot-nosed 12 year olds, so all in all I can't really point out any major flaws (as the ones I can point out are generally fixable with mods)
Holysword	Recommended	376.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/the_holysword/	You are thrown into an open world without explanation, without instructions and without a goal, but trust me: soon enough you'll find out that you need to fight to survive, craft your own weapons and armors, build a house, lock the door and then spend hours deciding which wallpaper better matches the bathtub that you just looted from the dungeon.Life can be hard in an open world such as the one from Terraria. You could be preparing a Bowl of Soup in your new kitchen when all of a sudden an army of Goblins invade from the West. And you were not geared! They might end up killing Isis, the Party Girl, and you kinda had a thing for her, but that's okay, that's just a game. She *will respawn*.This game consists of exploring and exploring and exploring, and while you explore you'll find new enemies, new materials or ores to craft new accessories, gear, potions, vanity item, decorations for your house. You can set up traps, build intricate mechanism and wiring (check around Terraria Teleporter Hub). You will face pretty challenging bosses, which will throw you in the search for more powerful gear to defeat him.And after you done it all, you'll realize that Crimson Blocks are much cooler than the blocks you used to build your main Quarter in your Base. And you will rebuild it all again.I've found the Multiplayer pretty cool, but for that you'd need to have friends who play at the same pace as you. It is not fun if one of you got much better gear than the others. The achievements are right on spot, apart from the "Supreme Helper Minion" which befits the level of a trained monkey. Devs should learn that brainless repetition is hardly a challenge.The Linux port is pretty good. I've had some hiccups while starting the game every now and then, but once it started it went smooth.
NJOldersocks	Recommended	150.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/NJOverclocked/	This is literally God's gift to video games. You can have over 1,000 hours in this game and still be surprised. The amount of content is frankly ASTOUNDING. The complexity, depth, and sheer magnitude of this game blows my mind every time I play it. There isn't a story, but there is clearly lore to uncover. You'll mostly be mining, fighting, building, and testing your creativity with different combinations of weapons and movement systems. There are many different types of armor which allow you to move in many different ways, which allows you to enhance your combat abilities against different enemies and just traverse the land / explore more easily. There are 83 different wearable movement items, to be exact.... Just kidding, that's JUST THE NUMBER OF DIFFERENT WINGS. AND WINGS AREN'T EVEN THE ONLY ITEMS THAT ENABLE YOU TO FLY. There's rocket boots, hoverboards, rideable animals, space ships... Magical staffs, bows, swords, axes, rifles, ♥♥♥♥ing machine guns, etc. The list of movement & combat items goes on forever, There are SO many different enemies, interesting bosses, and ways to fight them. The ONLY people in the world who won't enjoy this game are people who don't enjoy mining/exploring, or people who just hate platformers regardless of how good they are. If you're not one of those people, buy this game.I was confused when I first played, so here's my TLDR run-down of the game if you don't understand what the goal is (Assuming you're starting in a new world with a fresh character):Start with a few basic tools, build yourself a house (preferably multiple houses) which, once certain requirements are met, NPCs will move into. These NPCs will offer you different benefits and sell you interesting items, some of which are exclusive to them. The bosses in the world can either be summoned with different items, or will spawn in front of you once certain requirements are met. You want to beat the bosses for mainly 2 reasons: They drop amazing items, and/or they allow you to get certain new NPCs to move into your house. For example, defeating the Queen Bee will cause the Witch Doctor NPC to move into your house, who will sell you a great pair of Wings when you put him in a Jungle biome at night (yes, the Wiki is your best friend). So the goal of the game is to keep getting better metals/materials to make yourself better weapons/armor so you can beat stronger enemies/bosses so you can keep getting better metals/materials and so on. Once you beat the Wall of Flesh boss (which you have to summon in the Underworld by throwing a Voodoo Doll into a pit of lava), your entire world - including most enemies and metal ores - will change to Hardmode, and you'll pretty much feel like you're starting over again because enemies will once again be able to kick your♥♥♥♥♥and more bosses will become available to fight and more items will become available to craft. That's just the surface level of the game, but that's the best general explanation I can give for people who are still like "wtf is this game, what is my goal, what do I do" because that's how I felt when I first played.If you want a great explanation of why I love this game in video format, check out "Terraria - Best video game ever made" on YouTube by Maj0rLee. I'm not affiliated with him, it's just a great video about the game if you're still on the fence. P.S. If you think this game looks appealing to you but you're more interested in a more linear, story-driven experience, check out Starbound. It's also really good, and is similar in its scope/style.
Mr. Fart Sandwich	Recommended	1,121.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198068659490/	Terraria is a 2D sandbox game with good overall progression and enjoyable playing experience. I have put a pot of time into this game simply because it has massive replay ability. No, this isn't 2D Minecraft. Yes, this game is worth your money.
addy	Recommended	348.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/tfuyh/	Terraria used to be all about the adventuring part of the game, going out fighting different monsters, finding new biomes and gathering material. However after all the updates theres a ton of stuff to do if you're just looking for building as well, the game is currently sitting at 3000+ different items, including weapons, armor, building blocks etc.PROS: Boss fights are super cool Lots of items LOOT A lot of fun with friends Game is cheap compaired to the amount of gameplay On sale pretty often.CONS: None that I can think of.Game is cheap compaired to the amount of gameplay it has, and its even on sale pretty often.I'd recommend this over Minecraft anyday of the week. 
Sid Meier's Harambe	Recommended	329.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/danjvelker/	I can't recommend it enough. I have 55 friends who own this game and I don't know a single one who's regretted it. It's more than enough fun in singleplayer, but having a group makes this game even better. Multiplayer is super easy to just set up and go.
DoctorC	Recommended	167.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/doctorc1729/	Ohhhhh my god where do I start with this game? I bought this game when I was first getting into Steam and believe me, I have never spent ten bucks better. There is so much to do in this game that make this so-called "Minecraft clone" unique and rewarding.Here's what makes Terraria so engaging:-5 bosses before it even gets "hard," took me about 30 hours-gameplay is never repetitive or frustratingly difficult-awe-inspiring ores and treasures that puts Minecraft diamond to shame     -the moment you find something new and you can't get over how great it is, you'll find something better (you'll see        what I mean)-fast-paced game progression-80+ hours in one game and I haven't beaten it yet-surprisingly intricate building (just google Terraria builds)Just a few things to keep in mind if you're a completely new player:-there's no tutorial, so prepare to bookmark the Terraria wiki-it's way more fun to play co-op-the first few hours are admittedly slow, but the game just gets better the longer you play-yes, there is fall damageDo yourself a favor and get this game.Eat. Sleep. Terraria.
🐾 [WC]~Tigerfrost~! 🐾	Recommended	1,754.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/tigerfrosten/	IntroductionI am Tigerfrost. I would like to apologize for anything that is miss-spelled or any grammar issues. Thank you.If you'd like to skip straight to Pro's & Con's, please move to the bottom of the page. Thank you.UPDATED EDIT 7/6/2015: With the release of Update 1.3, Terraria has become three hundred times better. Update 1.3 adds in loads of new items, monsters, bosses, events, and more. The new bosses are a really big challenge and very cleverly done. The addition of achievements is addicting to any player who loves to hunt achievements, like myself. Including the new gamemode known as "Expert Mode" which is basically like turning the difficulty up to 'brutal'. Lots of other changes as well, like new textures and sounds, and the new addition of world stats to keep track of how many of each type of monster you kill (Which now rewards you with banners). How I Found Out About "Terraria"I found out about Terraria the same way I use to always find games, YouTube. I randomly came across a video called "Terraria". I took a look, and instantly fell in love with what I saw, and knew I had to have the game for myself. It looked like a great combination of gerne' that I love to bits. Being a Minecraft fan since the beggining of Alpha, I knew I MUST have it.Unfair First ImpressionsWhen ever you ask someone about Terraria, read a review, or watch a video, 95% of the time you hear "Minecraft clone" or "2D Minecraft". Which is incorrect on so many levels. If you have heard this many times, and are thinking twice about actually playing Terraria, please read on as it is nothing like Minecraft. Review Of Terraria Terraria is a very unique game for what it does. There have been games like it in the past, but the amount of content and play ability is beyond anything I've ever seen before. Terraria is a sandbox, RPG, action, etc. 2D game. It does it's thing very well. I haven't noticed any UI bugs, or ones that I have, are fixed almost instantly after the patch is released. The gameplay it provides is not only smooth, it is addicting and fun. The combat system in the game is perfect for me, and a lot of others. There are so many enemy types in this game that are not copy paste, each one does their own thing and has their own weaknesses & strength's Example on the kind of enemies you could come across. Normal walking/running enemies, that have a soul objective to charge you until death. These may include enemies like the zombie or skeleton.As there are other enemies who will do the same thing, but in a different way (So not everything is copy/paste.). Like the slime enemy type, which come in many varieties, which will bounce towards you. Or the spider enemy type, which will walk on the ground, but can also climb on the walls to get to you quicker. Just to name a few."Well, how do I defend myself against these enemies?"Good question. Let's get that.Items & FurnitureThis is where Terraria gets big. Even though the world's are limited, they provide so much that you could spend 800 hours of game time on a single small world and still have many things to do.In the world of Terraria, there are alternate versions of almost everything. What I mean by this is, each world you have will not be the same. For example, there is a 50/50 chance when loading a world to have the default version of something, or the alternate. Such as the music that plays, there are different tracks for the same biomes, just depends on what random one you got. Or for textures on things like, grass, and trees. Also things like ore, in a default world you would have Copper as your basic ore, but in an alternate world, you'd have Tin as your basic ore. What this does is really expands the play time someone can spend in Terraria. Allowing a single person to play the game over and over, and never have the same experience. Below the surface are loads of blocks, dirts, ores, and more. Ore like Copper, Tin, Lead, Iron, Silver, Platinum, Gold, Cobalt, etc. And blocks like normal dirt, clay, stone, mud, cobwebs, and so many more. You need these ores to make your weapons and armor. You can find treasure deep underground, that holds many valuable things. You can increase your maximum health by finding Life Crystals underground.The weapon range in this game is massive. You even have magic weapons, like spell books, and mana weapons. There are also bows, swords, pickaxes, axes, guns, lazers, cannons, familiars, and so much more.I won't get into to much detail here, but the amount of content in this game is massive, and it's still being updated. Sure, Terraria has been through some rough times with updates, but when it gets an update, the update is full of new things and changes. Pro's & Con's (Overall Rating)Overall, Terraria is a great game that you can spend hours of time in, and still be having fun in many years to come. It's a steal for the price of $9.99, and especially when there is a sale that lowers the game to $2.00 or less. This game is definitely a choice for sandbox gamers looking for an easy to slip into, addicting experience. Pro's:+Loads of content for hours of game time.+Great combat system.+Smooth gameplay, that's easy to slip into.+Provides a good challenge.+Fun and creative boss battles.+Amazing side events that you cannot resist.+Achievements are addicting to those achievement hunters.+Expert & Hardcore modes add hundreds more hours of gameplay and possibility.Con's:-No infinite world option. (Doesn't drop overall score - But can be annoying to some players)-No easy way to edit worlds before creation (Like choosing whether to have Crimson or Corruption)Overall Rating: Is about a 14.5/15 (Must Own!)Credits & DisclaimerThank you for taking the time to read my review, I hope this helped out with your decision on whether to make a purchase or not.Remember, this review is based off of opinion only. You may not think the same way as me towards something, but that's okay, because we are all human.
|Blazer|	Recommended	410.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/blazer239/	Don't buy this because you think it's 2D Minecraft. The only thing this game has in common with minecraft is that it's pixelated and blocky.I can say after ~300 hours in this game, It's THE best 10$ value you will ever get.Edit: This game is fun single player or in multiplayer but if you want the most fun play it with a friend or two. It's great.
Cyberization	Recommended	223.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198051050612/	  By TheNumbers Terraria Minecraft   Items 3601 340   Mobs 392 37   Weapons 360 50*   Blocks 192 144   Music Tracks 36 44   Bosses 26 2   NPCs 25 5   Total 4632 622 *includes tools as weapons
mrpiltrafa	Recommended	105.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mrpiltrafa/	-Minecraft cool update : 2 new mobs and 4 new items-Terraria cool update : 200 new mobs and 800 new itemsThink about it
GoatSong	Recommended	184.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198028057021/	You should by 8 copies of this game and go around giving it to people who look sad.
TSC][Rasta#960	Recommended	269.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197995681109/	Probably best 2D sandbox ever made. The amount of items you can craft or get and enemies you can defeat (including bosses) is just sometimes overwhelming.The game has 2 stages :1) Pre-hardmode - basically a longer "tutorial" where you learn basics such as crafting, fighting monsters and exploring biomes, this stage ends when you kill certain boss in the underground called wall of flesh.2) Hardmode - the real game begins here, monsters are stronger and new biomes appear, a lot of game content unlocks only in this mode. This stage remains forever (or you can count defeating the last boss as a end of it).There are a lot of decorative items and furniture so builders won't be dissapointed though I was focused more on exploring and fighting rather than building.Highly recommend this game but be careful - its addictive :)
Negative Space	Recommended	1,531.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/quinzal/	This was the first game I ever bought on Steam.Five years later, I'm still playing it and enjoying the hell out of it.Thanks, ReDigit.
Jaszs	Recommended	383.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/elgatochinoquemuevelamano/	This game is like a time machine, only that you can only go forward. For example, start playing at 8 pm. Blink. Now its 4 am.See? Magic. I would rate this: my time played/10Edit: Bought this 3 years ago. Still playing it. Cost me 1.6$
Turtle ♫	Recommended	1,252.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/turtlex3/	Terraria looks like your typical sandbox crafting game. And it might've been that in the early patches. But after the Hardmode update everything changed. In my opinion that's when Terraria became its own game. It feels like an RPG, with rare loot, bosses and classes, but with a twist which would be the crafting and base-building. It's way more complex than it looks, and at the same time it's really accessible. You can play it very casually or go deeper (for example checking wiki for droprates on X item, best prefixes for weapon, mechanics on world spawning, etc). It has everything you need for a great adventure game, tons of items, weapons and enemies, and unique bosses with different AIs. And if you think the game is too easy there's Expert mode (which in my opinion, it's the way the game is meant to be experienced). Hardcore runs are also a thing but keep in mind it's really hard to play with no deaths (looking at you boulder traps). You finished the game and want more content? Worry not, there's Mod support (really easy to get into, just search tModloader on google and after you install it there's a mod browser in game). Finally, multiplayer mode. Terraria is a great solo game but even better multiplayer. Since there's multiple classes, you can make a party with your friends and share items that don't fit your class, explore together, farm bosses, etc.Overall, Terraria is a great sandbox adventure game, with a lot of replayability, specially with mods (Calamity, Thorium and Fargo's are my personal favorites). The game is still being updated to this day (currently June 2018) which show the devs really care about their game. The only con I can think about is that the early game is kinda slow. Takes a while to get going. I personally don't feel it but I heard complaints about it. Really recommend it 10/10 game.
-RAF-	Recommended	183.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198125011291/	Overall : 9/10A friend recommended this game, but I was hesitant to buy it at first. It looked like a minecraft ripoff in a 2D world.The large amount of positive reviews and the low prive (4.99 euro at that time) convinced me to give this a try.I could not have been more wrong. This game is awesome !The amount of content, the freedom, the difficulty level, the items and achievements you can collect, all of this make it one of the best games I have ever played.You can:      1 Create large buildings      2 Collect loads of items, weapons and armor      3 Explore a huge map      4 Become a badass warrior and defeat enormous bosses      5 ...One thing I really like is what changes if you play on the highest difficulty level.Ofcours everything gets a lot harder, but you are also able to get better and more drops (items) from enemies.This feels like the game is rewarding you for playing on a higher difficulty.There is even a multiplayer aspect, which makes it even better. It is really fun to play with friends.Graphics : 8/10Not too impressive, a 2D world map. The graphics itself are outdated but create the perfect atmosphere for this game.You can create 2 types of worlds, which each have a different dark environment.Multiple biomes (forest, jungle, desert, ...) exist, with its own unique enemies and environment.Optimization : 9/10Good optimization, 60 fps on 1440p-max on a gtx 980 (overclocked) with v-sync on.Without v-sync, the fps went up to a stable 165 fps, but for some reason playing on 60 fps is more enjoyable.Story : 2/10This is where the game is lacking at the moment. Actually no story exists, you are free to create your own :)Length : 10/10I killed the final boss after 125 hours on the highest difficulty. This is awesome for a game where I payed 4.99 for.The game is not finished though. I can still perfect my house, kill other bosses, collect items, explore some more...I have around 180 games in my steam library, after 2 weeks this game is in the top 3 of most played games.Enough said.Replayablity : 10/10Each world you create, is unique because they are created based upon a "seed".As stated above, each world has its unique dark environment. The type is selected upon world creation.There are 21 different type of ores, but each world will only contain 13.This means each world will play differently and you need to create a lot of worlds to be able to collect all the items in the game.Because of this you will never be able to see al the content and achievements on your first playthrough.
The GoPro Gamer	Recommended	637.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/AikoTheGreat/	When I first saw my friend playing Terraria, I thought it was a 2d MineCraft. Now that I've logged over 150 hours into it, I see that Terraria is so much more than Minecraft. When I tried to figure out what was better, I made a list. Hopefully, I can do this right:ExplorationTerraria2d side-scrollingMultitude of biomes to explore(Around 38)You can find loot and ore, without even going undergroundMinecraft3d worldMultitude of biomes to explore(Around 61)You can find loot, and bars or metal above ground as well(Minecraft Wins)Spelunking(Mining/Underground Exploration)Terraria13 ores, plus an additional 4 ores once in hardmodeGenerated caves, as well as, other aspects of underground like Abandoned mineshafts, houses, temples, etc.You can dig straight down to hell!Minecraft7 oresGenerated Caves, Ravines, Mineshafts, 3 Strongholds, and Monster SpawnersYou can grind for obsidian, make a portal, and set it on fire to go to hell!(Terrria Wins)Crafting(Not including Weapons/Armor)TerrariaUsing around 38 crafting stations(including Honey,Lava, and Water) You can craft anythingIf you don't know what an item requires, you can ask the Guide Npc for help(See Npc)In layman's terms, you can make blocks, walls, potions, accesories, tools, torches, boss spawners(See fighting), dyes, grapple hooks, and pets, and decorations(including pots, beds, etc.)MinecraftUsing 2 interfaces, a player can craft some stuff they want to(being forced to grind for the rest)If you don't know how to arrange the items on a grid, you can look it up on the wiki!In layman's terms, you can make blocks, crafting stations, torches, tools, and decorations( including pots, and beds)(Terraria Wins)FightingTerrariaThere are 392 enemies in Terraria, including the bossesThere are 18 bosses in Terraria.(The celestial towers were each counted separetly)You can make 15 sets of weapons and armor from the ores aforementioned. Allowing any play style. There are guns, bows, staves, swords, sythes, summoner staves, magic guns, yoyos, spears, chain weapons, and tomes.MinecraftThere are 12 enemies in minecraft, including the bosses.There are 2 bosses in MinecraftYou can make 4 sets of armor, with 1 of them being leather and not metal.You can make a bow, and 5 swords(Terraria Wins)Npc'sTerrariaThere are 22 Npc's in Terraria, 19 of which will move in, if you build them a houseYou can sell or buy from npc's and many attack enemies that are in the vicinityMinecraftThere is 1 npc in minecraft(just getting reskinned a bunch to look like more) You can exchange goods in very 1 sided trades(You're gettin swindled!)(Terraria Wins)In the end: Terraria-4 Minecraft-1I can't believe you took the time to read all this.(Did you?)Thanks for listening to my opinion, and buy this game.
Just Toshi	Recommended	1,260.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/JustToshi/	 Dankest Sandbox Game EVER This is by far one of the best Sandbox games I've  EVER  played!My 1200 Hours can speak for itself.Asside from the fact that there is no clear guidelines on how to progress.It is very appealing to look at [For me atleast], Ive played hundreds and hundreds of hourson  Terraria.  Ive played multiplayer with up to 8 mates all smashing our way throughthe world, Everything is pretty easy, Even when on Expert mode, But thats why you got suchthings as mods, Thorium, Spirit and many others. Each boss has its own unique set of abilitiesand style which is good, If youre looking for a new game to play whilst you got time, Idhighly suggest  Terraria,  Mainly because you'll say "Im getting off in 10 minutes",Meanwhile an hour later and you're still havent finished doing whatever it is you were going to doOverall  Terraria  is a great game, Highly recommended from my behalfHappy gaming,Toshi~
sonuorcinus	Recommended	75.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/sonuorcinus/	If your focus is on gameplay rather than on graphics then this game is for you.If you want a cool game and not a mind ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥then this game is for you.If you are a creative person and dont like spoon feeding then this game is for you.If you like adventures and explorations rather than instant actions then this game is for you.If you like a value for money game and dont want to spend a big amount then this game is for you.If you like killing zombies and monsters with your own made weapons then this game is for you.If you want to play on your old laptop and cant afford heavy rig then this game is for you.If you want to make a world of your own then this game is for you.If you want to play alone or with your friends as well then this game is for you.TOTALLY RECOMMENDED.
Variable	Recommended	2,314.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198131447165/	Terraria is easily capable of providing hours of entertainment. My impression prior to buying it was that it was a 2D minecraft clone, but after playing it, I prefer it to minecraft. But comparing to minecraft, as is often done, doesn't seem very fair to me, because they are two very different experiences. Terraria can be played in many different ways, and I'd expect that most people can find a way to enjoy it. Whether you prefer to take it slowly and cautiously, farming herbs and brewing potions, or prefer to role the dice, diving through caves and looting randomly generated structures, Terraria can be about exploration, collection, boss fighting, base defending, and much more. You start out by creating a character. The customization is limited, but not too limited. You can have multiple characters, and you can skip this by randomizing or choosing the default skin, but it doesn't take very long. You can then create a world (or multiple), choosing between normal and expert mode (as its name suggests, expert mode is not forgiving to newer players). The world has many different regions to explore, each with their own dangers and treasures. Between islands in the sky, a bug-infested jungle, a terrifying evil (which begins to spread later, there are two variants), and much more, you probably won't be bored by it for some time.The game has many mechanics to make it interesting. You can start a town of NPCs and complete quests for them or buy goods from them. You can fish up a meal or some treasure. You can acquire tools which you can use to wire up traps or farms. There are many events the player can defend against of varying difficulties throughout the game, and even more bosses to fight. There are literally thousands of different items and accessories to customize your playstyle; although there are only four main classes to choose from for the majority of the game, these being mage, ranged weaponist, mele fighter, and summoner (although summoner items are usually more difficult to obtain).I personally have put in almost a thousand hours, but I don't believe you need to put in even ten hours to get your money's worth. If you're having any difficulties while playing, the game has a massively helpful wiki, and a friendly community.
ReaperR33	Recommended	791.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ReaperR33/	Product received for free
Mr Dallas	Recommended	560.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/topazg/	Huge amount of content, procedurally generated worlds, quite a few choices in playstyles for characters in the late game when you get kit that provides specific bonuses to damage types, lots of bosses, lots of mobs, lots of buffs/debuffs, quite a few techniques to master, a good feel of progression across hours of play, active development (after a long hiatus in the middle), and a good community. Building/crafting is intuitive and fast albeit 2d, and the game makes for a very fun co-op experience if you have friends to play with.At its price bracket, the value for time spent is phenomenal if you like the idea of a 2d sandbox platformer with boss fights and the excitement of the next loot drop. Difficulty scales nicely (and has an "expert" mode for those that find the default game a bit easy), World size is variable, and the penalty on dying can be chosen from "drop some money and nothing else" to "your character is dead, please start again".One of the nicest features of Terraria is the ability to have characters and worlds that aren't tied to each other. So if you're looking for a specific item that doesn't seem to be on your world, you can just generate a new one, take your character there to farm for items, and then go back to your main world - or you can start a brand new character on a world you've already built up with NPCs and everything else rather than needing to completely start from scratch each time - not many games have managed to pull this off so well.The game is also very kid friendly, and has been a fun family multiplayer game in this house many times over.SummaryExcellent 2D platformer with crafting, boss fights, huge amounts of content from aesthetics to rare items and godly weapons, the ability to continually improve your character over hours of play, and well designed procedurally generated levels. Great single player experience, great multiplayer experience as long as you have other friends or family members to play with. Very cheap for the amount of content and game there is available.
Neverx	Recommended	95.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/neverxsteam/	Pros:- Insane amount of content.- Great combat.- 14 fun and challenging bosses.- Fun servers.- Soundtrack is great.- Updates are bigger then most games expansions.- Good artstyle.- Fishing.- EventsCons:- NoneFinal Verdict:One of the best games I've played, lots of fun, lots of replayability, and a ton of content, this game is worth it at ANY price, for the $2.50 I payed for the game I got an great amount of hours out of it and more for most $60 AAA games.10/10.
andrewsarchus	Recommended	2,259.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198085371274/	My first game on steam and still my favorite.
ThelQualomee	Recommended	2,420.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198054424592/	This game is my childhood. This is one of the best games ever made, and ive loved it for the whole 2000 hours ive played. I dont know what else to say, and im not good with reviews, but this game is absolutely worth your money
HauntEDGX	Recommended	208.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/aprivaloff/	"You shouldn't open doors at night! or else monsters come in!" - Guide>Guide does exactly that10/10 "Would send Guide to live in hell again"
Milky Chews	Recommended	93.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/MilkyChews/	Addictive and fun. Can get lost in this game for hours. Great for getting your mind off things.There is always something to do, Build/Collect/Explore.
TT	Recommended	1,002.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ikilledagiantcrawdad/	Have you ever wanted to fight a giant eyeball that has teeth by using a laser cannon that you obtained from an alien invasion while riding your giant bee? Then this game is for you.Have you ever wanted to drink water while drowning to restore health so that you don't drown? Then this game is for you.Have you ever wanted to explore a vast underground land of ash and lava? Then this game is for you.Have you ever wanted an arsenal of unique and fun weapons to use, each with their own weird and wacky abilities, from firing nyan cats to summoning ice dragons? Then this game is for you.Have you ever wanted lore that is almost entirely up to interpretation? Then this game is for you.Have you ever wanted to fight the moon itself? Well too bad they scrapped that idea.BUT STILL...Have you ever wanted to have a good time? Then this game is for you!Like, seriously. It's a fun game. Lots of replay value, too.
pluto	Recommended	2,632.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198043312218/	Alright so I've been playing this game ever since 1.0.4, building stuff, killing slimes and getting freaked out by the continuous stream of horrifying yet excellent content coming, so it's about time I should actually make a review on this game. I met a lot of people and learned so many things through these friendships and communities and practically gone through what seems like the virtual equivalent to my childhood, so wow does this game have a special place in my heart.Putting my sentimental values in this game aside, content-wise this game is practically everything a fantasy-loving, retro game, sandbox, adventurous and architectually creative enthusiast could ever ask for (see if you're not a fan of any of those kind of games, then you probably might not enjoy this considering the beginning is rather.. slow). Gosh there's just so much to love in this game that I don't even know where to begin, that is, if you give this game a chance. I shall warn anyone who isn't a fan of reading guides that the game in the beginning isn't very intuitive, as it just throws you in the world with no tutorial whatsoever. However there is a Guide NPC, so if you do feel lost on what to do, you should speak to said NPC. The controls of this game is pretty basic; WASD to move, space to jump, number keys corresponding to the hotbar, click to attack, etc.But once you got all of that figured out, boy is this game one heck of a ride, especially if you haven't read any spoilers and you have absolutely no idea what will happen next in this gem of a game. You'll be quite surprised with how many things you can discover, how many things you can create and conquer; I definitely recommend you play this with friends as progression throughout the game would be so much more funner, meaning you'll get to the fun stuff faster (i.e. the events and ridiculous weapons and mounts).
Nighthawk	Recommended	208.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/MaskedCrook/	For a ten dollar base price and tons of hours of stuff to do, there is no reason not to buy this hit.
Nighthawk	Recommended	208.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/MaskedCrook/	For a ten dollar base price and tons of hours of stuff to do, there is no reason not to buy this hit.
SmokingFlash	Recommended	263.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/BilllCipher/	 TerrariaTerraria is an amazingly fun to play 2D sandbox game. You start off with nothing but as you discover Terraria you notice how much is in this game. StatsHere are some general stats about Terraria to give you an idea of how impressive this game is.Terraria contains:- 2748 Items- 401 enemies- 76 potions- 69 swords- 34 bows- 30 guns- 21 bossesAs you can see Terraria contains a massive collection of fun. GameplayYou will start off by creating your character and creating your world. A nice feature to note is that you can have your character travel through multiple worlds while keeping their items. You will be thrust into a new world where you will have to gather resources and upgrade your arsenal. Night in Terraria is not as forgiving as Minecraft. After you survive you will continue to build up your personal collection while building a house. You will build a house so that random people can move in take up a room and rip you off with prices (jk not all prices are bad). Eventually you shall fight your first boss and bosses in Terraria will give you a run for your money so you better be prepared guys and gals.  Singleplayer/MultiplayerTerraria is a fun game and even more fun with friends. Friends will help you out and make it easier to advance without dying.... too much :D. However if you do not feel like playing multiplayer singleplayer is just as fun. In single player you do not have to share your loot and your friends are incapable of stealing it, because it is singlepalyer.  HardmodeHardmode is a gamemode that Terraria automatically places you in after you beat The Wall of Flesh. In Hardmode you will meet new bosses and new enemies. You will find new materials and you will quickly realize every is much tougher and you need to quickly upgrade yourself.  Rating Pros+ Smooth gameplay+ Have not felt lag as of yet+ character customization+ huge amount of weapons+ HARDCORE+ entertaining for hours + huge amount of armour sets with special abilities Cons- a lot to grasp for a new player to Terraria (I dont think i can think of any more)  Final ThoughtsTerraria is an amazing 2D sandbox that tests you. This game has given me hours upon hours of fun and I would gladly recommend this game to anyone who has money in their wallet.  Final Rating 10/10 
Kaiji	Recommended	85.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/BBR1337/	I NEVER expected this game to be as complex as it is!At first I checked it out and was like "Yeah, this looks kinda like Minecraft in 2D" and I got into exploring the world, finding items and quickly realized there is WAY MORE than I expected. In the beginning, farming wood and my first ore the game felt kinda slow, but once I looted some chests in the underground bioms and got some movement items for faster running or double jumps I was hooked for it.I built myself a base, gathered more npcs, crafted better weapons, armor and fought the first bosses. I died a lot but kept on going because it was so much fun. I convinced a friend to buy the game and we explored the world together, progressed further into the bioms and found new gear everytime. Do I recommend this game?Yes! Absolutely! If you don't mind the slow beginning and love exploring and experimenting with new stuff this game is for you!PS: There are some pretty amazing items inthe game, if you get far enough! :D
TysonTheKat	Recommended	939.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/loginpeul/	They said this game was related to Minecraft. Bought. Installed. Played. Who the F**k said it was like Minecraft?
TheRealMubbaChubba	Recommended	1,198.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198044483112/	I have spent days of my life on this game.  Send help.
Peanut	Recommended	1,363.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198047988039/	Recieved this game as a gift from my friend long ago and I was very confused by it at first, but now down the road I look back at that time and think, wow this has been a great game for a long time. I would really reccomend this game, it's the right combination of know-how, skill and good ol fashion luck to keep me wanting to play again. Not to mention the item diversity makes multiplayer that much cooler!
ARC Trooper Blitz	Recommended	128.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198174061954/	I'm going to be honest, at first I hated this game. I mean, absolutely despised it. But believe me, when I started crafting better gear, fighting new mobs, and building my home, I became immersed in Terraria. There's an endless amount of content here for only $9.99 and if you were like me thinking this was just a 2D Minecraft rip-off, you couldn't be more wrong. Definitely a must play. (And yes, like always, the PC version is far superior of the console versions.)
Gryphacus	Recommended	490.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/gryphacus/	Many people compare Terraria and Minecraft. And it's true, they are both voxel based mining games. However, Terraria tones down a lot of what Minecraft is in building and creativity, then makes up for it in the exciting combat and boss system. Don't get me wrong, you can still build interesting and exciting structures in Terraria, but the awe that some Minecraft creations can inspire is not found in Terraria. If you prefer emphasis on combat, boss battles, and equipment upgrades, but still want to be able to mine resources, create defenses, and terraform to your desire, Terraria is most certainly a good fit. There's a reason it's my most played game on Steam, and even as I write this, I have the game open on PSN to play with my friends.
Turtle	Recommended	245.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/johnszt16/	If you don't already have this game, it is one that you have to get. If you dont get it ill delete your minecraft account.
Awordley	Recommended	2,005.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/awordley/	You can nuke waves of zombies with explosive bunnies.You can stone Santa Claus to death with rotten eggs.You can assassinate your enemies with bananas.You must sacrifice your first friend to the lava of hell in order to progress. And one of the bosses is a pig, dragon, shark chimera named Duke Fishron.Play it already.
Baih	Recommended	16,716.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/aledkane/	Well-designed, content-heavy, 2D adventure/sandbox game.
vytautas_l	Recommended	273.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198061879851/	What can I say guys. This game is just so super rewarding. Awesome replayability value. Tons of contents. You will end up playing hundreds of hours and never get bored. There aren't that many games like that any more :D
EvilApple	Recommended	66.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/KarloTheApple/	First hours of playing Terraria''What the hell is that?'' ''What the hell does this do?'' ''What the hell did i just do?''''Why did that happen?'' ''Who is this?''''How do i [Insert something here]?''''How did i do that?'' 
Depressiodditer	Recommended	2,135.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/theartisticfellow/	This is a review seeing just how terrible Minecraft is in terms of content in comparison to Terraria.It's bad.Special note: This was made as of Terraria 1.2 and I'm way too lazy to update it  ITEMS MC Items: 350Terraria Items: 3646 ENEMIES MC Enemies: 21Terraria Enemies: 401 BOSSES MC Bosses: 2Terraria Bosses: 29 POTIONS MC Potions: 13Terraria Potions: 76 WEAPONS MC Weapons (varieties): 6Terraria Weapons (varieties): 360(5 swords, 1 bow, VS. 77 swords, 38 bows, 20 yoyos, 17 spears, 11 boomerangs, 13, flails, 5 "other melee", 60 guns, 28 staffs, 9 tomes of magic, 14 "other magic", 17 summon weapons, 31 thrown weapons, 4 turrets, 16 waraxes) PETS MC Pets*: 2Terraria Pets: 44 MOUNTS MC Mounts*: 3Terraria Mounts: 11(*Including tameable mobs and rideable mobs)On to my personal opinion (if you really do care): Mixed opinions. I prefer Minecraft for the building and the survival. Terraria has a good array of things you can use to build but I like to use Minecraft because of the complexity of machinery you can make using all the complicated gizmos and gadgets in it. As for survival, it's exceptionally fun in Terraria but I like it in Minecraft as well due to the sheer size and randomness of a world. In Terraria everything is more or less always the same; corruption/crimson, hell, space, etc. but in Minecraft there are so many more places to choose from! But all the same, Terraria can be fun too.So, opinions aside, due to our comparisons... TERRARIA WINS!...  ...right? You see, it isn't about who has more of what. It's about the way to play. The way to enjoy it. You enjoy building, being creative, making pixel art? Play Minecraft, it's the perfect game for you. Don't have much taste for being a super builder, but like adventuring, fighting, bosses, etcetera? Play Terraria....or uninstall both and get a job, loser
DerpoTheMagnificent	Recommended	1,385.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ThemDerps/	There are only two legitimate reasons for not owning this game. 1. "I don't have any money or generous friends." 2. "I use an actual toaster for a PC and thus can't run it."That's it.If you have the money, but don't own this game. Fix that. ASAP.
VenomousVincent	Recommended	1,254.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198110547306/	Best game ever made. Trust me ive played for 1240.8 Hours on Record.. =] you wont be disapointed if you like minecraft type games, where you have to survival kill bosses, and craft and build stuff. Or if you like exploring
AlfredWallace	Recommended	660.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/alfredwallacech/	Terraria is just awesome. The only regret I have is to not have bought it before.Huge 2D sandbox with nice graphics, animations, no freeze.Many themes with cool musics, survive, digging, housing, dying, crafting...Kind of game u have always something to do in mind but lost your way by doing 12 others things.Would be so cool if multi-player have more than only IP option in futur.Worth every penny. My advice is, every gamer must own this game, it cost less than 20 cigaretts.
✨~TheExtremeGamer~✨	Recommended	2,068.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Teg1106/	This game is SO AMAZING!!!! It has so many items and enemies and is so much fun to play! From a bunch of snowmen attacking you to golden animals that you can sell, this game is full of difficulty and randomness and downright addicting! It can get boring depending on how much you played but if you have friends to play with, nothing should be very boring at all! Most of the time you can make amazing buildings, wiring mechanisms, other NPC's can sell you cosmetics and potions and crafting stations that can help you along the way. This game is worth it and you will never regret getting this game!
Murphy's Lawyer	Recommended	48.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/murphyslawyer87/	AT A GLANCE(Full review follows below) Game Name: Terraria  Original Release: 2011 Genre Tags: Open-world; 2D; Sandbox; Survival; Multiplayer My Overall Grade: A+ Estimated Playtime (Campaign): N/A Multiplayer Aspect: Optional Recommended To: Established fans of the genre; Those intrigued by the genre; Novelty seekers; Sandbox players; Casual gamers; Multiplayer gamers REVIEWTerraria is already a well-known game. There probably isn’t much I can say which hasn’t already been said. Many gamers have heard of it, and many gamers know it is considered to be generally “great,” transcending most genre preferences and prejudices. And I now count myself among those people. But the inherent quality of Terraria  isn’t necessarily that obvious when a total newcomer decides to give it a shot, as the game can be quite uninviting at first. And that is something I want to address.So I will tell you, like the thousands of others, that Terraria is an incredibly enjoyable game. It is hard to concisely describe exactly why it is so enjoyable; but it basically boils down to the fact that there is an air of quality inherent to every gameplay aspect and those aspects synergize so well that that quality is multiplied exponentially in the end result.But when I first decided to try it, I failed three times to get into it.  Each time I sat down and tried to see what all the fuss was about, but each time I wound up extremely bored and confused as to why I couldn’t see what was supposed to be so fun about it.  The lack of any clear purpose and direction at the start of the game had me running around with no real incentives, and it ended up feeling unrewarding. Then I played with some new friends online who could offer a bit of direction. We started a new world together and the next thing I knew hours had flown by and I realized that I was finally enlightened.It was difficult to get over the initial hump of a learning curve and having a starter character.  There is no tutorial, there are no objectives; simply moving around is tedious at first, the digging is slow, and the building options are minimal… and it can all feel rather boring. But when you finally start making progress into the game, all the upgrades and item-tiers you climb through feel so gratifying. And I think having that initial slow-climbing grind at the start is a major part of what makes the game so satisfying once you finally delve into the heart of it.Once you reach this point of enlightenment, you will be eager to explore all that Terraria has to offer.  Hunt down exotic loot.  Fight epic boss battles.  Build giant castles with thousands of items. Make new friends and enjoy the enormous replayability of playing online. Maybe even try a role-play server. There are many hours of fun to be had.Perhaps the only negative aspects worth noting are the simplistic graphics and the lack of any clear story-mode. But due to the great gameplay and nature of the game, both of these things are easily dismissed as a non-issue by most. That said, if you really like story-driven experiences and/or gorgeous, current-gen graphics, you definitely won’t find those here.So in short, Terraria is something that can be easily enjoyed by almost any gamer. If you haven’t yet given it a go, you should probably consider it. It is a pretty safe bet for all but the most extremely discerning gamers. Just don’t forget that it may feel boring at first, but it is worth fighting past it; and playing with some people online can make it significantly more fun, especially when you are new.Follow my curation page to see more of my recommendations! 
ExecutivePenguin	Recommended	1,299.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ExecutivePenguin/	Worth all 1,299 hours.
Jebus, Son Of Gode	Recommended	464.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/JebusBePraised/	If you have friends, this is a great game to play with them.If you don't have any friends, this is a great game to play alone.If you don't have the game to play, get the money for it.If you don't have the money for it, get a job.If you don't have a job, rob the bank.If you get arrested robbing the bank, at least you tried.
powpowitsme	Recommended	1,610.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/powpowitsme/	Terraria is a 2D Sandbox Adventure game that's all about building and fighting giant monsters. Sounds like another popular game, right? I assure you, it's nothing like it.In Terraria, you are the player. A custom created character that has the sole goal of defeating the final boss and restoring the world to peace. Not to say that the game doesn't have it's fair share of building, aswell.The combat is sort of simple, yet charming. I always love going on expert mode with my end-game character and fighting a bunch of bosses. It's always good fun.And while I may not be the best at building, I enjoy it too.Terraria has to be my favorite game of all-time. Period.Just throw 10$ USD at the screen to get it, seriously. It's dirt cheap.If I missed anything in this review, don't tell me. Go make your own review. I'm sure you can make something that's much better than what I can do...What's that? You already own the game? Well what the hell are you doing here, go play it!
thomashenryguy	Recommended	1,000.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/thomashenryguy/	I sometimes find myself envying people who sit down to play an outstanding video game for the first time. It's like a Christmas morning: putting the toy back under the tree and tearing opening the box all over again will never quite replicate the excitement of seeing it for the first time. Terraria is this sort of game. Starting a new world with a new character still feels like an exciting adventure, but the experience of stepping into that bright two-dimensional world for the first time, and discovering piece-by-piece all that it has hidden, is worth the asking price all by itself. Subsequent playthroughs only add to the value, and how! And if it's on sale - it is, often - I can only advise you not to hesitate.Terraria is a very versatile game. You can play for hours at a time, clocking up days' worth of play, and still have a 'to-do' list as long as a Bone Serpent. Alternatively, you can casually dip in and out when the mood suits you, building a little here, digging a little there, working on some great artifice a bit at a time. You can challenge gods and monsters with the finest weaponry crafted from the rarest metals, or simply make a treehouse for all your NPC friends with matching furniture sets and mood lighting. Become an arctic explorer! Go fishing! Drain the ocean into the dungeon! (I have actually done this, it was hard work but good fun.) Go to hell - literally! You can try to be bored, but it will take a lot of effort.One of the advantages Terraria has over so many other games is the involvement of a dedicated development team. When updates come  - and they may not come forever - they add great stores of content to the game, with new NPCs, items, mechanics, enemies and locations, not to mention all the tweaks and fixes which aim at keeping everything balanced, no small feat given that every change has to keep Terraria accessible to new players, whilst offering bigger and better challenges to existing players whose kingdoms span from ocean to ocean. This is all done remarkably well: the devs maintain a good community, and there is always the sense that the players are being listened to when new content arrives, without ever compromising the creative vision behind it. In an age of cowboy developers, corporate spin and micro-transactions on every street corner, Terraria is a welcome example of good practice in video games, and if I needed to buy it again, I would quite happily pay the full price - although, as I said, sales do happen.Of course, nothing is perfect, and nothing is for everyone. When it comes to armour and weapons, and things forged out of fantastically rare ores, it can be very 'grindy' (if that's a word). Building anything of any real size takes time, as does the collection of large quantities of wood and stone and whatever else you may be using to put together your palace. Boss fights can take a lot of preparation, and the later-stage bosses can feel genuinely punishing when attempted repeatedly. As a rule, I find that Terraria is very good at compensating for these issues, (a quick trip to collect wood for house-building can turn into a hectic race through zombie-infested tundra, or an expedition to recover unknown loot from the bottom of some murky chasm,) but not everyone will want to give it their time. A mere two dimensions may be a deal-breaker for some, not to mention the rather old-school, pixel-y art style. But even if this sounds like you, I recommend giving it a try. For me, Terraria worked where Minecraft didn't, and I still feel that the former deserves some of the credit that is typically heaped upon the latter. So give it a go, walk around that forest for the first time, dig a little below the surface and see if the spirit of adventure takes you. If it does, keep digging - after one year and 262 hours of play, I still haven't stopped.
Chew Kok	Recommended	3,387.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198151133500/	Can't wait to waste 3000 more hours of my life on this amazing game.
LN-Jeck™ ☕	Recommended	183.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/LN-Jeck/	Sense of the new update, the game has lots more to do! And yes everyone in my friends knows what minecraft is and some are big fans of the game! but this is something that has been talked about wayy to long and needs someone to sit down and tell them the differenceIf you see anything incorrect from the latest 1.3 update please comment I read them all :)MC Offensives: 5 swords, 1 bow, 5 Armor Sets Terraria Offensives: 72 swords, 36 bows, 32 guns, 20 yoyo's, 25 Magic Staff's, 7 Spell books 56 Armor setsMC Bosses: 2, Terraria Bosses: 29 (including mobile and console bosses)MC Enemies: 21, Terraria Enemies: 402MC Items: around 300(not counted potions), Terraria Items: 3646 PC and 39 are console only.MC Potions: 13, Terraria Potions: 76And on top of all this...Minecraft price: $20.00, NEVER on sale. The last sale was in 2013 (I could be wrong on this)Terraria price: $10.00, and can be a minimum of $2.50 on sale.But hey, here's the main thing:The better sandbox is Minecraft,but the better adventure is Terraria
Admiral Billy	Recommended	473.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/BILLEHISTEHPWNZORZ/	Well I think it's about time to review this gem.Terraria is one of the best value-per-dollar games you can buy on steam. Period. Obviously some of the free-to-play games can match that value (because you spend nothing) but the amount of content in this game is just ridiculous!Ever since 1.0, there have been 3 absolutely game-changing updates, for completely free. The game was already worth it just at 1.0, apart from bugs, but then they litterally quadrupuled or quintupled every aspect of the game. 1.0 got the basics right; satisfying combat, fun exploration, lots of sandboxy things to do, but as I just said, it's sandboxy; there's a lack of an appropriate ending besides "get the most powerful stuff." 1.3 gave us the Moon Lord which is the equivilant of the Ender Dragon from Minecraft; it doesn't end your game after you defeat it but it's something tough even with the gear you get from him, so it feels like a climactic end.You'll start off small with your copper shortsword, or maybe you build the wooden broadsword to replace it. After many hours you'll have slowly went through the arsenal of weapons and armor the game provides you, from bows to guns to MAGIC, and from simple "take less damage" armor to armor that has really unique effects such as allowing you to reflect damage and draw aggro from enemies for your friends.On top of the weaponry you have all of the things to do with blockbuilding. There's so many pieces of furnature and different materials you can use to make something that looks amazing, and then you can customize it further by changing shapes with a hammer or recoloring blocks through the paint gun. On top of those cosmetic things you also have the (as of a recent update) fairly extensive wiring system that can allow you to create some pretty cool traps or other mechanisms such as spawning enemies or opening/closing doors.And on top of THAT you have the massive variety of enemies to fight, some of which will completely obliterate you and you'll enjoy every minute of it. All of the bosses have their unique elements and you'll definitely be surprised the first time a signature move comes out (like the first time that the Corruption boss comes out of the ground).AND ON TOP OF THAT you have a thriving modding community if the base game doesn't have enough content. Whether you just want more content or complete overhauls, the modding community's got you covered in user-friendly mod managers and easy mod installation.So basically I'm saying the game's pretty good and you should buy it if you haven't already with how often it goes on 50% and 75% sales.EDIT: Also you guys should totally nominate this game for the "Test of Time" reward because the game has always been great and it just keeps getting better and it's one of those games that pretty much every person on Steam has enjoyed at one point and returned to it at another when updates come out.
Æ̶̡̧̛̝̳̩̩̾̍̔͆̈ͩͥͨͮͯͩ̌ͦ̒ͥ̊̆͡T̈̑̔͊	Recommended	296.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/dank_panda/	Product received for free
[R] SparkeeLecaro	Recommended	1,183.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/sparkeelecaro/	To commemorate the beta of Steam Reviews, as well as passing 1,000 hours in Team Fortress 2, it only makes sense that I finally write a recommendation for a game that has been close to my heart since the day I was first introduced to it: Terraria.Terraria has proven to be a lot of fun to play, and has been one of my biggest video game time sinks in recent years because of it. Between lenient system requirements, a solid (albeit imbalanced, at times) combat system, a broad permittance for exploration and a wide selection of building decor, it's the type of game that strikes me as having something for everyone. Which is good, when you consider that it also has multiplayer. Even better when you get to the late game, which has a wide array of weapons, armors and tools to allow for a wide variety of specializations.Building and exploration are strong points in favor of the game, but the gameplay mechanics are something I'd like to single out for praise. For a 2D game, its combat system has a lot of spectacle, and perhaps that's part of why I find it so charming. Hurting enemies--even those who are vastly inferior to you--feels good. It's satisfying to hear the hit sound on the more squishy enemies, and watch them explode into fine little chunks when they die. Ground movement could be better, but certain late game items give you the ability to dash and fly, which really expand how you can explore and fight. And with a wide selection of weapons, every player is bound to find a roster of tools, spells and fish-related artillery that fits their playstyle.The game isn't without flaws, mind you. With the game's update history, the launch endgame now vastly differs from that of the current one. This has led to some balance and progression issues, the most glaring of which being how sluggish the early game feels. It worries me that the start of the game might dissuade some people from playing, when they might love what the late game has to offer. The game also has a bad habit of recycling mob AI with reskins, though this is averted by adjusting certain parameters and giving them unique abilities to hide the fact. Even though I have more to say about the shortcomings, there's just too much good in the game to stay mad about what effectively boils down to nitpicking.Plus, it has hats. Any game that has a selection of hats gets brownie points.Watch some trailers. Read some other reviews. If this looks like something you'd be interested in, then take it from me: give Terraria a chance. The game occasionally goes on sale for 75% off, so pick up a four pack for yourself and three friends. If I'm wrong, then I cost you a meal at Subway--not subliminal advertising--and I'm sorry. But if I'm right, then it'll be well worth the price. We're expected to pay $60 these days for a fulfilling gaming experience. This is one that'll run you $10, at most.
PKblaze	Recommended	687.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/PKblaze/	You want content? Terraria has it. At this point this game is huge and if you don't own it, what the hell are you doing on Steam? A Classic game that everyone and their pets should own.
ᴋɪᴅ ꜰʀɪᴇɴᴅʟy	Recommended	1,004.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kidfriendlyweeb/	 Wait It Isn't a Minecraft Clone? Terraria one of those games you could play forever and never get tired. The amount of replayability in this game is insane. With over 3000+ items and dozens of bosses, the game becomes very enjoyable with friends or by yourself. Terraria is a basic 2D sandbox game comparable to Minecraft. However, the amount of content within the game is comparable to playing Minecraft with mods. Having played both games myself for extensive hours, I can firmly say Terraria is the better game.When starting the game, it can be very overwhelming as the items and their purpose can be very confusing. As you progress through the game, it becomes very fun with the variety of weapons and monsters you'll encounter along the way. Discovering all the weapons and items inside the game is probably one of best parts of the game as there is so many different ways the game could be played. The game's replayability truly shines with the different weapon types and difficulty modes the game could be played in. The game two different game modes, normal and expert. Expert mode makes the game actually challenging by adding a ton of new abilities specific to monsters and bossesThis game's low point is the multiplayer feature. Multiplayer with up to 5 players is fun but when you introduce too many players, the game becomes too easy to complete, or the game gets completed too fast. Overall, Terraria is an amazing game worth every penny spent. This game is an easy 10/10 and is very fun with or without friends.
nig.png	Recommended	27.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/niggypng/	This game is amazing. Full of life, love, and even better with friends. So many suprises and things that you learn to take control of and use to your advantage. Calling this 2-D Minecraft is an insult to how good this game is.
Raisonfire	Recommended	0.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/raisonfire/	 Pros: It seems fun with friends.  Cons: I don't have any friends.  
畦道	Recommended	154.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/azemichi/	If a boulder falls on top of you, you die, and if you try to run from it, it chases you and you still die. If you fall into lava, you die. If you drop a voodoo doll into the lava, by complete accident....you. are. screwed.  If you're mining sand, and it starts falling on you, you suffocate. If you're looking for hearts in the underground to max out your life, you'll get stuck in a cobweb, and a dart trap will kill you. So you go back, and you see a gold chest. Right as you are about to loot it, you forget to look up and a boulder smashes you. If you forget to bring glowsticks and are stuck underwater, you won't be able to breathe and you'll drown. If you're just exploring the world from left to right, you suddenly realize that everything turns red. You keep going, only to be surrounded by a barrage of face monsters, crimeas, and blood crawlers. You only have 10 defense and a copper broadsword to defend yourself, and you realize that you are a prick. If you're building a massive building or trying to get to a floating island, you see a wyvern. It kills you, or it knocks you back and you end up where you started at ground level. In a tombstone.Eye of Cthulthu will come out of nowhere, and kill you when night falls. You'll learn to love Terraria. You will. 60-65 hours was when I finally started to know the in and outs of the game, and up to then, it was just a constant frustrating experience of dying. But that is part of the experience and now, it is one of my all time favorite games. This 2D RPG, sandbox adventure game is a must have for anyone who enjoys exploring, creating, destroying, and killing things. It may be a slight challenge in the beginning, but basically anything that you want to obtain in the game, involves mining or exploring. The more you mine, the deeper you go.The deeper you go, the more unique resources you obtain.The more unique resources you obtain, the more successful you become in the game. Mine, mine, mine. Some tips for beginners! Having auto-pause on helps sometimes.Mine, mine, mine.Start out small, and work your way up. Trees need grass.Mine, mine, mine.
5000 People	Recommended	933.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/5000people/	After putting hundreds and hundreds of hours into this game, A review:The basic game has been developed a lot through it's lifetime, and is very solid. There are a few overpowered things here and there (such as the very early obtained gem grappling hooks with massive range) but it's a very solid balance over all. Lots of objects you will find will already be useless because you've found better, but each time you play through the game, who knows, you might just happen upon an item earlier than usual. What you'll want to play this game for is the multiplayer. Playing alone is all well and good, but playing with friends, building projects with them, that's what can't be beaten. The bosses are incredibly difficult to beat alone anyway, so it'll make your life a lot easier to work with others. I seem to always manage to get a lot more hours from this game every time someone new decides they'll play it with me.Finally, a suggestion. 1. Get this game. 2. Play on a LARGE world. Small worlds run out of space to explore quickly, and it'll mean anything you build isn't kept, because when you finish exploring a world, you'll want to go to another.  Sky islands will be more difficult to find, and you'll have to build outposts close to the dungeon and the jungle so you don't keep having to run from your original spawn, but it's worth it. It'll also mean the corruption won't spread over your house as quickly once you get into hardmode.
Filtro	Recommended	17.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/filtrodebarro/	No other game in this world can proudly attest that you get more bang for your buck than Terraria!A.k.a no DLC, microtransactions, premium ♥♥♥♥♥♥ and other really stinky marketing schemes. Here we have a whole game full of fun, adventure and not light on content. All packed in a world that sucks you in.Just like gaming used to be a few generations ago!
Danish_Wizard	Recommended	1,624.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198067424216/	This game has an amazing amount of content, and there's almost something for every kind of person, you can take as long as you want as the progression is only based off of the bosses you defeat and nothing else meaning you yourself can set the pace, but beating bosses isn't what this game is about, it's about whatever you make it out to be.10/10 Best game i've bought.
dominator11122	Recommended	325.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198268573224/	Before you read, Terraria is NOT a copy of Minecraft.In my opinion, Minecraft is a fun and really good game for building, but I stopped playing it of boredom a couple months after getting it. I did not play it every day. Now, Terraria is good for Building, Exploring, Fighting, Destroying, and is rewarding. Minecraft is very unforgiving; When you die you lose all your stuff and you usually can't get it back in time. In Terraria you can choose to only drop your money (It's easy to get it back.), you can choose to lose some of your items, or you can make your character die forever so you need to make a new one. I have been playing Terraria for +150 hours and I am still not bored of it the slightest bit. Also, if you still think it is a "Stupid Rip-off of Minecraft" I am fine with that, BUT notice Terraria has 14 bosses... in PC. Minecraft has 3. ( Thanks for telling me =-=TheDragonBorn03=-=! ) Terraria has +70 Swords And +50 Armor sets while Minecraft has less than 10 of both of those. I hope this review helped you chose wether to buy this game or not, And thank you for reading this far! So, in my opinion,Minecraft is the superior for building and has almost endless worlds horizontally.Terraria is the superior for Fighting, Exploring, And looting. It is also very addictive and it is hard to pull yourself away from it.Honestly, I get on Terraria for multiple hours a day and I get on it every day.Also, The bosses are hard, especially during Expert or Hardmode, and they give you a sense of achievment when you beat them.Just noticed that I am comparing not reviewing -_- Well, Here's a bit of a review. Terraria Is fun and when you kill a boss they drop some pretty useful Items, and there is really progress because as a beginner stuff like crimtane and shadow scales and demonite and tissue are pretty good. When you advance that stuff is considered garbage. Killing the Eye Of Cthulu is challenging... until you kill the wall of flesh or some others. Once you kill the wall of flesh for some reason... (COUGH) progress (COUGH) All non-hardmode bosses become easy.. Byyyyeeee
Owlowish	Recommended	157.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Inquizy/	The very proof that a good game doesn't require advanced graphic.Terraria is an outstanding and amazing game focused on combat, exploration and ressource/item gatering.
JediJoe0	Recommended	252.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/JediJoe0/	Terraria is a deceivingly complex game about gathering resources, fighting monsters, and getting that sick loot.Terraria is a 2D sandbox game that allows you to gather resources and shape the world to your heart's content (excluding the dungeon, don't touch that place I swear, Dungeon Guardian flashbacks.) You start off with only a few basic tools and a guide to help you, and you're set off on your own. Throughout the game, you'll be doing a combination of building, destroying, exploring, crafting, looting, fighting, and dying. OK, mainly just dying.At first, weak and lonely, you'll struggle to survive, dying to single zombies, fall damage, and those cursed pressure plates. You'll be desperate to grab every last block you can, in an attempt to seal in the cave that will become your tomb against the monsters outside. Every last piece of gear, from your weapons to your potions, will be treasured possessions that you've earned from blood, sweat, and tears (but will probably just be randomly thrown into your chests anyway, and then you'll end up losing track of everything and make 50 chests for only 10 chests' worth of items because you're disorganized, in addition to making the same item 15 times because you "couldn't find it in your chest." Yeah right.)However, over time, you'll become more and more powerful and experienced, and by endgame you'll be thinking, "I'm too good for this game." At least, until you restart. And then your self-esteem level will drop to zero again. But don't worry, because no matter what stage of the game you're at, you won't be able to put it down. Sandbox ElementTerraria is organized in perfect little boxes, which can be destroyed, placed, or interacted with. This can range from dirt to magma to the almighty lizhard brick. You can build whatever your heart desires, as long as you've got the material to do it (a shelter or base is the most obvious structure to build.) However, they aren't just for show; a good portion of the blocks have some sort of function or unique aspect to them (sand is affected by gravity, hellstone bricks burn you, and crimson blocks spread crimson.) You can also use the environment to your advantage in other ways; prevent mobs from reaching you with a pitfall, lava trap, or even just by building a skybase. If you like to decorate and make your house seem nice and cosy, they've got a plethora of decorative blocks and interactables; couches, dressers, chandeliers, etc. If you're more into exploration, then you'll find it hard not to enjoy Terraria. Every world is randomly generated, providing a deep sense of pride and accomplishment playground for discovery. Different biomes, caves, and sky islands await the exploration they deserve. And, while the 2D world does seem like a limitation, it actually makes it much easier to build and explore overall, and it also provides the player a more clear sense of direction. CombatYou will face many completely different eneimes on your path to godhood, and some may even kill you. I know, tough to hear when you're so used to being just so darned good at video games. In order to protect your honor and your pocket change, you'll have the option the fight using any combination of weapons you desire. The main weapons types are melee, ranged, magic, and summoning. Each has their own advantages and disadvantages, and there are around 300 weapons in total. A good majority of these are also split into subcategories, and they all act differently. Although not all are, a majority of the weapons are unique and original; a sword that summons pumpkins, a bow that summons arrows from the sky, a crystal-shooting magic tome, etc. So, no, you will probably not be unable to find a weapon that suits you. In addition to weapons, you've got your armors. Most armors correspond to a class type, and provide a unique and interesting buff when wearing the full set. They drastically change the way you play, and can turn a weakling into a sword into a weakling with a sword but with an inch of iron around him on all sides (yeah, unfortunately it doesn't change your skill. Darn.)As for the actual combat, it can range from epic, 8 minute, one on one boss fights to just mindless horde-slaying. Using melee usually involves a lot of tanking and spamming left mouse, ranged usually involves aiming and dodging, and mage involves mana management and dodging. Overall, however, it involves a lot of skill and getting used to the enemies. The enemies are all extremely different and require different strategies to dodge (they are by far the most varied aspect of anything in the game, including the weapons blocks.) The bosses are all very intimidating and tough compared to other enemies, taking hundreds of hits and going through complex phases and attacks. Fighting and beating a boss can be done the first time, but for new players it usually takes a couple of tries to figure out the attack pattern and best strategy. Beating a boss provides a pathway to the next stage of the game, and you will finally feel complete for once in your life, even if for only a few moments.SoundtrackHonestly, the soundtrack is alright. It's not the best, but it's not the worst. It definitely fits the game however, in the sense that you think "cave!" when you hear a certain track play. Overall, it does what it needs to do.RPG AspectTerraria isn't like a "proper" RPG in the sense that you run around doing quests, but it definitely does have some of the RPG genre in it. For starters, it has a staggering amount of items. It also includes weapon modifiers, adding a variety of randomness to your gear, and accessories that provide cool abilities, such as rocket boots for flight or a shield to resist knockback. You can also recruit NPCs into your home, who will sell you various pieces of gear and equipment. They've even got pets and companions that follow you around.MultiplayerNow you'll have an excuse to never talk to your friends again. You play through all of Terraria with multiple friends, and progress together through the world. While this is very fun, there are some serious issues with it as well. For one, many of the resources, even in a large world, become very limited once multiple people begin to join. Balance is also offset, to the point where Moon Lord can be be beaten first try by a bunch of people with no real preparation, as long as you can respawn fast enough. This isn't really a fault of Terraria itself, more of just a consequence that happens as a result. With a few people, it's not really a big issue; however, as you try to load more players onto a server, it becomes apparent Terraria wasn't made for it. All in all though, I've played the multiplayer with friends on multiple occassions and it was a blast. Just make sure you trust them.Misc ElementsTerraria has a bunch of additional features that may not seem major, but provide extra content when added up. Wiring is a major one that I personally enjoy; create complex automated trap systems, entrances, and even automated water-pumping systems. Fishing can be done using a fishing pole and bait; simply cast and wait for the bobber to jump. Hit it and hope you grab something good! ConclusionTerraria is a great game, probably one of my favorites. The progression and sandbox aspect make it fun to come back to after long breaks, or even after subsequent runs. The multiplayer is a blast too, but could use a little bit of tweaking in some areas. For $10 normally and around $5 on sale, it's a total steal. While not constant, updates freshen it up every once in a while so that you have to come back. To some people, it may lose its charm after the initial playthrough, but I keep on coming back to it. So, overall, yeah, I'd recommend this to anyone willing to try it.
vbarklay6	Recommended	1,246.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198145776768/	If your the sort of person who would play a great game for hours apon hoursThis game if for youI have over 1000 hours and i still love this gamethe best aspect of this game is definetly the multiplayergetting a friend or 2 or even like 7 can change the pace of the game tremendously and is worth the $10 for my souleven if your just enjoying the game in singleplayer because it doesnt have its own story you can make your own and have fun with challenges, goals or just building what you want with the hundreds of blocks to choose from and just make a officebox and play through the game as fast as you can.When i first got this game i didnt expect much.But was i wrong..I first played as a starter i played 10 hours or somethin then just stoppedbut a couple of months later i got REALLY back into itAnd if this happend to you you'll know what its like to get back into a amazing game and play for hundreds of hours apon endDEFINELTLY Recomend( Still Better Then Minecraft )
Tiny Rick	Recommended	235.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198046502458/	Well a new Terraria update. There goes another 200 hours of my life. Tell my family I love them.
MimiCrow	Recommended	486.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198810550592/	It's a great game, the creators are constantly working on updates to make the game way more fun and allow you to use more creativity in your game play, i highly recommend this game.
Maugrift	Recommended	83.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/maugrift/	The main mistake I made going into Terraria was expecting a survival game. Although it has many elements typical of a survival game (mining, crafting, and the like), it's not bogged down with needs for food, water, and shelter. Instead, Terraria is a combat game that focuses on streamlining progression. The gameplay loop goes something like: gather the best equipment you can, fight the next boss, unlock new materials and equipment, rinse and repeat. You'd think this would get old pretty fast, but it manages to be engaging and even addictive throughout. By implementing new mechanics along the way (grappling hooks, wings, guns, etc.) and cleverly unlocking new areas or retrofitting old areas with stronger enemies and markedly better loot, it always feels like there's more to do.I think it's possible to play Terraria without the help of the wiki, since there is a helpful Guide NPC who'll offer context-sensitive advice for your next steps in the game and will provide crafting recipes based on the items you show him. However, I would still consider it to be a sort of "wiki game," due to the fairly minimal hand-holding and vast number of items that you may wish to know more about. Overall, I think the game works with either approach.My greatest complaint with Terraria is the grinding. Some of the best items are locked behind 1% drop chances and require tedious manual farming or the construction of automating farming facilities. Sometimes these good items are only found in chests in certain areas, and it can be a pain to go out of your way in search of them. Other times, progression can be a matter of finding lots of a rare ore or material. Though this is all annoying, I do want to make it clear that grinding is never mandatory; the game is still totally possible without every bit of rare loot.The multiplayer experience in Terraria is pretty good. It's very eay to play with friends through Steam, and although I've had some hiccups due to a sub-par connection, I've never encountered significant issues that can't be dealt with by rehosting or restarting the game. Since I've played multiplayer with a friend simultaneously with a singleplayer game, it's a little hard to judge which mode the game is balanced better for, but both seem to work well enough.If you're the type of person who likes modding, the game has a host of mods available (including a handful of total conversions) courtesy of tModLoader[forums.terraria.org]. In most cases, you can still earn achievements if you're playing with mods, but you can't easily play multiplayer. Some notable mods I've come across include Terraria Overhaul[forums.terraria.org], which adds entirely new mechanics to the game along with slight adjustments to improve immersion and fluidity, and Reduced Grinding[forums.terraria.org], a highly configurable mod that aims to (you guessed it) reduce grinding, not only by increasing drop rates but also by providing more avenues to obtain rarer items.I've easily sunk tens of hours into Terraria over the course of a few weeks; it's one of those games that can make you lose track of time. Although the game doesn't appear to be updated frequently anymore, there are plenty of mods that may improve the game's longevity. Overall, I'd strongly recommend Terraria.
welwiz	Recommended	591.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198079824794/	Best 2d Game on steam.
せなか	Recommended	276.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/sinodak/	Product received for free
ʟᴏʀᴅ ᴠᴇɢᴀ ☆	Recommended	370.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/0MechFusion0/	ALRIGHT, SERIOUS REVIEW HERE:If you are looking for an addicting, amazing game, then you have come to the right place. To have an honest review here, Terraria is pretty boring when you first play it. Right? I'm sure everyone would agree with that one. BUT, as you play it more, it starts to get more addicting to you because you realize the wide variety of opportunities you can do inside the game. MEANING, you can do things like spawn more than 1 boss and fight them all at the same time, (The bosses are pretty beast btw) you can get a lot more loot (Swords, spears, yo-yo's, summoners, magic, guns!?) and even build really nice buildings to show off! You can also change the color of your character with different dyes for your armor. The dyes aren't just normal colors though, most of them have very unique mixtures that can make your armor look VERY impressive (around 30 unique and exclusive dyes, not just generic plain colors.) I myself have spent the first 2 weeks on this game ONLY. (Fitting in about...100 hours those weeks) so it's pretty obvious that to ME it was such an amazing game, with so much amazing loot and bosses. And there's a lot more where that came from. The game also has an excellent soundtrack, the music gets even better the farther you get in the game.  Anyway, thanks for reading the review, hopefully maybe I changed your mind about the game, (If I didn't it's completely fine.) but I strongly recommend it. Just remember, you will not regret buying this game if you AT LEAST make it into hardmode. Honest Rating: 9.5/10
Akumanorobin	Recommended	615.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/AkumaNoRobin/	I cant believe I never wrote a review for this game yet.Terraria might seem confusing and overwhelming when you pick it for the very first time, but let me tell you, once you get the very basic hang of it you'll be up for a ride, and even more if you can play with some friends when you have free timeI dont think a game has even made me play for 13 hours straight like this game did, I really cant explain the charm it has, but it sure does has its own charm and everyone should give it a try at least once, its worth it.
Shrouded	Recommended	420.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198067944624/	I have Built a tower of Slime wearing a wedding dress.I have roasted marshmallows  on a campfire on top of a cloud.I have bought yoyo materials from a skeleton underground.I have destroyed a monster in hell with a laser pistol.I have stolen keys from slimes and taken their guns from chests in a dungeon.I have made a nurse move into a dirt house in the sky.I have used balloons for extra jumps to avoid murderous unicornsI have fought martians while riding a giant rabbit firing blessed arrows from a bow made of fire.I haven't stopped having fun, and I do not expect to stop any time soon.
- dan -	Recommended	526.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/danmckechnie/	The tree game! Terraria is an older game that many have described as "2d minecraft". It's a block based platformer with a procedural world is basicly what they mean by that, but that is where the main similarity's end. Terraria is very combat focused, with progression gated by bosses, has an absurd amount of content, receiving numerous hi quality updates in it's history. Its multiplayer is stable and some very clever lads recently developed an in game mod manager which is really god damn amazing. The player is also tasked with building houses for the games many NPC's, which will move in after certain conditions are met. There are several paths to progression availible which is a big help in avoiding tedium. There is also alchemy, farming, fishing, traps, mounts, pets and a host of other features. Its telling that none of the numerous imitators have come close to touching it's greatness. Starbound was a slow motion trainwreck, edge of space fizzled out and the less said about terraria otherworld the better. Terraia is top tier gaming Good -amazing developers, keeping the game fresh with updates that truly added new dimensions to the game-cool music, enjoyable art style-the mod manager is so great-stable multiplayer-cool stuff! so much cool stuff. bee grenades, a sword that summons falling stars, a giant blade of grass, a rainbow wand, a rideable unicorn and so much more Bad -takes a while for the EXE to open-playing the game in low res gives good control over building and combat but the wide view raises your sight range and is much more pretty. If the game had a m3 zoom function that would be perfect but I'm splitting hairs hereTerraria is hands down one of the best value games around, especially if you can wrangle some friends to play with, and in my opinion is one of the best platformers ever made A+  5/5  
Dragonforce375	Recommended	785.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Dragonforce375/	Terraria is easily the best dollar I have spent in my entire life. The game is so full of content that I guarantee you will never find everything unless you manage to play multiple thousands of hours, and are specifically hunting for these things. Modding is also a thing that is incredibly easy to do now with Tmodloader, which allows for endless play. If you haven't bought this game yet, I can happily say that it is worth more than any $60 game I have ever played, and it's out there for 10! To make it even better, this game goes on sale often, for even a dollar. THERE IS NO REASON TO NOT OWN THIS GAME.
Elemental	Recommended	110.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/elementalandroid/	Introduction:Terraria is a 2D sandbox game with elements of action, mystery and adventure set in a beautifully pixelated world of flying eyeballs and various biomes like hell. With the choice to build, mine, fish, explore, fight and ride unicorns, how you play the game is really up to you.Pros:-Customisable characters with cloud support. -Dozens of weapons, armour, equipment, tools and consumables to choose from.-Various mounts and pets to choose from.-Multiple biomes with their own unique inhabitants, resource and behaviour.-Over ten bosses that provide a challenge for combat lovers.-Interesting NPCs who appreciate your horrible houses.-More than one way to play the game (such as fishing, mining and dying).-Hundreds of craft-able items and dozens of blocks.Cons:-Very time-consuming (although some see this as a good thing).Overall:Terraria is not a rip-off of Minecraft, but is actually a phenomenal game packed  with fun and a lot of content. It is definitely worth its price and twice the fun when played with a friend. Even after beating the final boss, there are still lots to explore, discover and achieve in this wonderfully made game. I personally rate this game a 9/10. :)
Skeleton Knight	Recommended	418.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Xarxyc/	A Perfect case of "low resources/High creativity" situation. Game is basic in terms of grapshics and mechanics but developers put so much effort and love into this it came out very enjoyable. A true gem in gaming.
Sarkoth	Recommended	390.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197969749884/	Terraria is basically THE definite sandbox experience ever developed so far. Many tried to copy it, but none came even remotely close. To call it a 2D Minecraft would be an insult to Terraria, because it is so much more.Craft. Fight. Build. Explore. Pure sandbox perfection.
Wex[A] s2 Doomy	Recommended	951.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/wexxxxxxxxxxxx/	I remember.Started to play a bit more games than just CS:S and CS 1.6. My brother had found this new awesome game that could be a potential minecraft, but for slower pcs, and with a hell lot more content. Back in 2011, you had to hammer crystals. You had to use a wooden axe to cut wood blocks, not a pickaxe.  You couldn't get past a 1-block tile withouth jumping. Background was ugly, so was the sun. Rocket boots needed mana. Liquids were buggy, so were walls, there was no expert mode. The Twins were awfully hard, so was the destroyer. Star Cannon was OP. Making a bridge to fight WoF was tedious. I had pirated this game, i'll admit that, but even then, even with those annoying things, even with the sluggish gameplay it had, it was one of my best times of my childhood and the most fun i've ever had with a game, so beautiful seeing it develop like a great Indie Game deserves.Thank you Redigit. You've made my childhood brighter.
c_stovall	Recommended	320.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198176933361/	This game should probably deserve more credit than minecraft
❆ 𝓓𝓪𝔁 ❆	Recommended	360.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/daxmarko/	What is Terraria? Terraria was a game that, often mistaken as a "Minecraft clone" and often seen as "2D Minecraft". Even after all that nonsense, Terraria was still a unique and a very young 2D adventure game that dragged many players into its world. After 1.2 update, Terraria became even larger, selling millions of copies, but then just after 1.2.1, it began to slowly die off. Fans were crying for it... Not until something wonderful happened. Terraria was released on consoles, slightly extending its life, and then, there were rumors about a big update for Terraria on PC. The 1.3 update was litteraly an explosion of new content, and yes, its true, +1000 items were added into game. This has to be one of the largest updates ever made for one game in gaming history. Free updates are still coming, adding more and more content, together with bug fixing and tweaking to make game more enjoyable and fun.If isn't obvious by now, Terraria is much better than Minecraft in all aspects. Don't get me wrong, Minecraft and modding is a wonderful thing too, but Minecraft alone will be never as good as Terraria currently is. So, what does Terraira feature that makes it such a great game? Let's start from what you can do in Terraira:FIGHT!From smacking slimes with your copper sword you start with, to annihilating the most powerful creatures of universe, you will learn (in a hard way) how dangerous the lands of Terraira really are. You are nowhere safe, not even inside your own home, as during certain events, swarms of enemies will break into your house, attempting to turn you and your fellow NPCs into a pile of mangled corpses. Hell, even bosses will come after you to punish your cowardness (if you haven't defeated them yet). Even if you own a good equipment to fend off enemies, your world is still in danger. There are biomes, seen as "evil", that will spread out and eventually corrupt your entire world. You are only one who can prevent this, so you better get a move on!You will come across thousands of enemies, as well as thousands of weapons to use aganist them. There are so many weapons to choose from, that everytime you start from beggining, you will find different set of weapons and armor to use. This is what makes replayability in Terraria great. From weapons, you have: swords that are ten times larger than your character, swords that shoot swords, bow that makes arrows rain from sky, large variety of machineguns, launchers, pistols, laser weaponary, craziest magical items you'll ever see, lots and lots of ammo types, and much, much more... Once you got yourself a good gear, its time to challenge most powerful and badass bosses that you will have hard time defeating. Gain their loot, and progress deeper in world of Terraria, eventually unlocking the "Hardmode" in your world, where real adventure begins and where only real heroes (your characters) shall become champions of Terraria!BUILD!Hundreds and hundreds of blocks to choose from, Terraira offers greatest choice of decorations and blocks for all creative minds out there! Most of blocks have their own theme (e.g. Marble represents acient Greeks), as well as their own set of furniture, such as bathtubs, tables, bookshelfs, lamps, etc. Some require for you to own special crafting stations and tools in order to use them for building, meaning that you will need to explore and fight in order to earn those items. Once you got everything you need, its up to you what you want to build. A house made entirely out of bones? Slime? Glass? Honey? Or make it steampunk themed, alien themed, have golden toilets, garden full of large glowing mushrooms, color shitfting blocks, beds made out of flesh... I can go forever like this, the options, are truly endless! You can even shape blocks with hammers and/or color them, build traps with wiring system, wall tappets, decorations, paintings... Remember, you world... Is your canvas! You can get NPCs to live inside your marvelious creations, and they will sell you many things that you will find very useful.Oh, and also, you can craft single colored blocks with gems you find underground. These blocks are made for pixel art!EXPLORE!A small world of Terraira contains everything you need, but just imagine what large worlds offers. All you have to do is explore them! You will find large variety of awesome loot, accesories and weapons for your character to use, statues to collect, and most importantly, ores used for crafting and crystal hearts that extend your maximum health. But beware, as I said, nowhere is safe. Underground is full of deadly traps and mobs that you are probably too weak to fight aganist, as well as other hazards such as water that you can easily drown in and lava that incrinates everything that touches.If you have hard time exploring the underground, try fishing! With fishing, you a can get seriosuly good loot that can help you face the dangers of underground. All you need here is bait, good fishing rod, patience and with enough luck, you will be swinging fish-swords and shark-pickaxes at your foes!COLLECT!Collecting virtual pixel sprites was never been so fun. Being able to own everything that exists in Terraria is satifaction at its best! If you like collecting stuff, you will probably relate to struggles of having filled up inventory with statues and paintings, hurrying back to your spawn so you can see what traveling merchant has for sale and defeating one boss over and over again, just to get that one item that you don't own, only to leave it inside a chest and never use it again. Or a throphy to decorate your walls with. Ah, lovely!CUSTOMIZE!In order to customize your character in a way you really want, it needs a lot of effort. You will need to fight and explore a lot, as well as get NPCs to live with you so you can buy vanity items from them. Terraria also features "social slots". With these slots, you can wear both armor and vanity clothes without losing defense points that armor gives. In-case you find one armor likeable, but you don't want to wear it because you already own a better armor, just put it in social slot and you will look like you are wearing it, and your actual, better armor, will still provide you its perks and abilities. Social slots are made for cosmetic purposes. You can also use dyes to paint yourself and your vanity and armor in different colors, as well as using hair dyes for hair. There's an impressive amount of dye combinations that you can craft, as well as rare dyes that glow, have animations, reflect light and other kinds of wacky colors and effects.Should you buy this game? Why, of course! Its worth every single copper coin. And has multiplayer too, which makes plenty hours of fun if you have a buddy/buddies to play with. It has holiday events during halloween and christmass, where you can get rad loot if you play during those special events.I gurantee this game will bring you at least thousand hours of fun, as long as you prove yourself worthy and prevail over frustation and dangers that Terraria can offer. Well, will you?
Steeltrap	Recommended	534.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/yoshi6464/	ubisoft games = the screenshots look better than the game.this game = the game looks better than the screenshots. (ya those screenshots are outdated)srsly tho even some negative reviews said they were joking.
Mevss	Recommended	98.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Memevss/	you can become a demi-god without knowing how to get off minecarts properly
Disappointed Guava	Recommended	183.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198153846347/	Trust me, this is not a Minecraft rip-off.
WalrusLiver	Recommended	121.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/WalrusLiver/	'Its like minecraft.'Nah. This game has 15 unique bosses, countless 'minibosses', a couple events with waves of new enemies, and thousands of items. It has a linear path of gameplay, slaying monsters, saving NPCs, and aquiring new loot. It has endless gameplay, and a little something for everybody. And then there's the classes. The four main classes are warrior/melee, ranger/ranged, mage/magic, and summoner. Each is unique and incredibly fun to play as. There is also a minor throwing-weapon class. My point is, just becase it has 16bit graphics and a pickaxe, it isn't like minecraft. Terraria is like minecraft had a baby with a dungeoncrawler RPG and grew much more content. Overall, amazingly fun game, even more fun to play in multiplayer with friends, each being a different class. My only complaint is just that though. The multiplayer feature doesn't work alone. To play with friends, you must all install hamachi from vpn.net and get on one network to play 'LAN'. But, nonetheless, 9.5/10 game.
WalrusLiver	Recommended	121.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/WalrusLiver/	'Its like minecraft.'Nah. This game has 15 unique bosses, countless 'minibosses', a couple events with waves of new enemies, and thousands of items. It has a linear path of gameplay, slaying monsters, saving NPCs, and aquiring new loot. It has endless gameplay, and a little something for everybody. And then there's the classes. The four main classes are warrior/melee, ranger/ranged, mage/magic, and summoner. Each is unique and incredibly fun to play as. There is also a minor throwing-weapon class. My point is, just becase it has 16bit graphics and a pickaxe, it isn't like minecraft. Terraria is like minecraft had a baby with a dungeoncrawler RPG and grew much more content. Overall, amazingly fun game, even more fun to play in multiplayer with friends, each being a different class. My only complaint is just that though. The multiplayer feature doesn't work alone. To play with friends, you must all install hamachi from vpn.net and get on one network to play 'LAN'. But, nonetheless, 9.5/10 game.
Ms. Cinnamon	Recommended	139.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ms_cinnamon/	Nice sandbox, nice survival game- You'll always have something to do here- The game is huge if you like to get all the achievements, kill all the bosses and play all the classes. - Awesome multiplayer game- Kind of hard at the beginning because everything is hard to get and everyone can kill you easily but it's worth- You can "share" your singleplayer worlds and it's amazing. - You can play with all your characters in all your worlds so it's nice because if you get something cool for another character can just let it in a chest, switch characters and get it. :D Accidently ReviewedWas this review helpful or maybe even not helpful? Either way join this group for more. Free Keys and Reviews weekly!
Fireax12	Recommended	174.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Fireax12/	Every Players experience from start to finish in a nutshell.-Starts up game-Realizes game is like minecraft-stops playing-gets friend who has 100 hours in game to play with you-You realize how ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ you were, and start playing the game properly-Kills first boss-You think your a god-You get weapons-You get more weapons-You think your OP-You play second boss and die-you stop playing for a week-you launch game-defeats second boss-You love the game-you beat the game twice and realize you now have 150 hours in the game-you play on the hardest difficulty-you go from 150 to 500 hours-your friend asks you how to play 
_introusers	Recommended	134.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/punxsutawney-rock/	Terraria, the best sandbox game on Steam. Well, that is obviously my opinion and to me, it holds true. The first thing you should realise about Terraria is that there is no real "story" to the game. Besides collecting resources, building a base and most of battling the fierce monsters that Terraria has to offer. And oh BOY does it have monsters. I think the best place to start this review would be talking about what I love about the game and what I sometimes wish was worked on a little bit.Firstly, what I really love about this game is the sense of accomplishment. And I don't mean accomplishment as in "congrats, you killed a single enemy here's 100 great items and 20 achievements". I mean accomplishment as in you fight your hardest and kill a boss which you've been grinding for (will expand on this point later), which gives you a good item. Now, once again, when I say a good item I in no way mean game winning or game breaking items. I mean items that should carry you through until the next boss and the cycle continues.Now, as I said earlier about grinding. Yes, this game does have grinding in it. However I deem it necessary to explain how grinding i this game differs to grinding in an RPG. First and foremost, yes this game will require a bit of grinding just to get something new and helpful in your quest. However you must not worry. If you choose to grind alot, which I know most people will choose to do, you will get better gear. However if you just run in and collect all ores that you see and kill everything that wants to do harm towards you, you'll still get good stuff; stuff that will help you defeat the next boss. So, to sum that up let me put it like this; This game doesn't require you to grind, just to dig and collect everything that you need for that next big battle.Speaking of bosses, this game has multiple (14, to be exact!), all of which are unique. I'm going to talk about 3 of the main bosses that you'll be seeing early on in the game. Those 3 bosses are Eye of Cthulu, The Eater of Worlds (The Brain of Cthulu on Crimson worlds!) and Skeletron. Each of these bosses are VERY unique. Now, whilst I don't want to spoil these bosses, I think the best way to describe them is like this:- Eye of Cthulu is a giant eye boss which charges you down and enters rage mode after a certain amount of damage is dealt.- The Eater of Worlds is a giant worm which will home in on you as you destroys it's segments, each dropping loot.- The Brain of Cthulu is a giant brain (suprisingly!). It spawns eyes which have to be defeated before attacking the actual brain itself.- And finally, Skeletron. Skeletron is a monstrous skeleton, with 2 hands which can be destroyed to make the fight easier. What I really love about these bosses is how different they all are from each other. End game bosses are equally amazing, but may require a giant WALL to be passed. Could cause a lot of FLESH wounds, if you catch my drift. End/Hardmode bosses are amazingly well done and should honestly is one of the most well done things in this game.Enough about the bosses, let's talk about weaponry. There's a multitude of weapon TYPES to choose from. Melee, Ranged, Mage and Summoner. And the amount of weapons within each catagory is well.. It's insane to be quite honest with you. If you're not enjoy swords, why don't you switch up to a staff which spews magical balls of damage to your foes? This game has a wide selection of weapons to choose from, and with that you also get the different armour types to help you. Once again, armour comes in a multitude range; Melee, Ranged, Mage and Summoner. Now, some people may not exactly understand what the classes are so let me help you understand what they are.- Melee is predominantly swords and some other weapons like maces and things like that- Ranged is mostly bows, guns and all the things like that.- Mage is staffs, books of magic and guff like that.- Now summoner, is where people probably don't understand what it is. Summoner allows you to summon minions to help you fight, like Slimes, Ravens and Pygmys.Finally, where this game kinda falls short. I mean, it's nothing 100% game ruining. Achievements. OKAY, OKAY, LOWER THE PITCHFORKS, ALLOW ME TO EXPLAIN MYSELF! I love the achievements in this game, they're fun, rewarding and allow me to play a different way in the game. But some of them are just so damn grindy. I mean, I think if you've played this game you understand where I'm going with this; the God damn Angler missons. I don't want to spend my time fishing when I could be fighting badass bosses and having a ball of a time. I don't want to fish. It's not as if it's just 5 or 10 times. It's 250 times. I don't want to fish for that long. Look, this game is damn near perfect and there's no way I can deny that. The constant work the devs put in is astounding and I must say that it's amazing the time and dedication they put into it. And, well, it paid off. This review is simply a slither of what the game is. And with that, I bid you all goodbye and farewell. I hope you have an amazing day or night dependant on your timezone!Enjoy the review? Please consider checking out my curator! I recommend many games similar to this one. http://steamcommunity.com/groups/JacksGamesOfChoice#curation 
Earth	Recommended	606.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198108908550/	Product received for free
ｲﾑ乙𝟝𝟡𝟞𝟙	Recommended	21.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/taz5961/	Although I don't have a large amount of time logged in, I feel I can leave a accountable review for Terraria.This game suprised me in everyway imaginable. I mean, from the graphics to the combat it is easily a well made masterpiece. First glance may differ, but this game easily shows you how much it has to offer.I'm not going to ramble on, but Terraria has hidden details wherever you find them, that make it shine brighter than any game you think it copied, or copied it.You just simply can't go wrong with Terraria!
static	Recommended	211.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/staitcvoid/	The best casual sandbox game out there.  Other popular games just fail to stand up to what Terraria has become
bigphattyboi	Recommended	1,689.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SwirlyCandy/	Great game. Kind of addicted. Forgot to eat and drink for a couple of days. My wife's filing for a divorce. The kids are calling me a failure. But hey at least I have my full set of Solar Armour and Dryad Waifu Shrine.
Kafinik	Recommended	266.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Kafinik/	It's like 2D Skyrim in the sense that once you start none of your family will see or hear of you for weeks.
Toad6190	Recommended	26.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Toad6190/	===[ ❤ Audience: ]=== ☐ Kids☑ Everyone☐ Casual players☐ Pro players===[ ☼ Graphics: ]=== ☐ Potato☐ Really bad☐ Bad☐ OK☑ Good ☐ Beautiful ☐ Masterpiece===[ $ Price/quality: ]=== ☐ Full price☐ Wait for sale☑ Average☐ Refund it if you can☐ Don't do it===[ ☣ Requirments: ]=== ☐ 90' PC☑ Minimum☐ Medium ☐ Fast☐ High end ☐ NASA computer===[ ☼ Difficulty: ]=== ☐ You just need 2 arms ☐ Ez☑ Easy to learn / Hard to master ☐ Hard (first few hours)☐ Dark Souls===[ ۞ Game time/length ]=== ☐ Really short ( 0 - 2 hours)☐ Short ( 2 - 8 hours)☐ Few hours ( 8 - 12 hours)☐ Long ( 12+ hours)☑ Endless===[ ♬ Story] === ☑ It doesn't have☐ Still better than Twilight☐ Average☐ Good☐ Fantastic===[ § Bugs ]=== ☐ Game itself is one big BUG☐ Bugs destroying the game☐ Lot of bugs☑ Few Bugs☑ You can use them for speedrun☐ Nothing===[ ✦ Others: ]=== Multiplayer: YesSingleplayer: Yes
Pyro	Recommended	2,283.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/matterenergymanipulation/	I sank 2000 hours (Broke that mark on November Eighth, 2016!) into this game and not reviewing for several reasons: Waiting it out for new content, borderline laziness and more borderline laziness.This game is appealing to everyone. No doubt about it.And another thing to add: Unlike a lot of other games, Terraria is just incredible by itself. I've modded it, but had a hard time sinking in as much time as I did in the vanilla game.
BluePoo	Recommended	411.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/blueman5/	What can I say... Terraria is a fantastic game, and is in no ways a minecraft clone. And for 10 bones? You seriously can not go wrong with this. Terraria has a ton of content to offer, like the bosses, the tons upon tons of different items, the enemies, the bosses, etc. And if you think you're good enough, expert offers a great challenge for veteran players. In conclusion... buy it.
Vibertelle	Recommended	276.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Vibertelle/	Just play it.
Paradox Wolf	Recommended	461.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ParadoxWolf/	OverviewEven 7 years later this two-dimensional, Minecraft inspired, survival game still piques my interest. I have already spent hundreds of hours mining, building, gearing, and fighting massive bosses and I could easily spend hundreds more due to the thriving modding community. Even though actual developer game updates are sparse, they do still continue working on new features and fixes, as well as porting and providing updates to console and mobile versions of the game. Although Terraria certainly derives some inspiration from Minecraft, it is important to distinguish the major differences. These differences very much so separate Terraria as its own genre-defining experience. Terraria has a large focus on gear and boss progression, in the beginning this progression is very basic and mostly boils down to digging enough to find ores to make the next tier pickaxe. Later on progression becomes much deeper with a wide selection of options. You can focus on magic, melee, ranged, summons, and you can take advantage of all sorts of special effects like invisibility or even flight. There are certainly some items that are not quite as useful as others, but there is such a massive amount of different items to choose from that you will certainly be able to create a character that works just the way you want it. If you are feeling a gap in your build, or you’ve just played through vanilla Terraria too many times already, it’s very easy to find a massive amount more variety in items through the game’s modding system. The other important and incredibly fun part of progression in Terraria is the boss fights. You will often advance through the bosses in order alongside your gear progression. Some gear are found or crafted from exploring the world, however bosses are usually a more important milestone for your equipment. Bosses often drop key components or fully functioning items that generally prove to be much more powerful than anything you’d be using before it. Because of this, many bosses are much more easily defeated using loot obtained from previous boss encounters. I quite enjoy the sandbox nature of the game, however it certainly comes with a fairly annoying issue. There isn’t really a clear way to figure out how to do certain things ingame. And when these “hidden” things are required for progressing it can get frustrating. This frustration can be easily remedied by visiting the game’s community wiki. It covers pretty much anything you could want to know about the game, and the playerbase is very good at keeping it up to date. If browsing the wiki isn’t appealing to you, there are several mods out there that make for a good replacement. I would highly recommend checking out “Boss Checklist” for giving you a quick and clear list for keeping track of what bosses you’ve defeated and which you should fight next. GameplayYou play in randomly generated worlds of limited size with varying features, but you are encouraged to bring your character across multiple different worlds throughout progression. You have options for character customization but it is quite limited as your character is just a small 2D sprite. While you are exploring your world you will be fighting off hordes of monsters, bosses, gathering loot, and builds home for yourself and your friendly NPCs. The vanilla experience easily gives hundreds of hours of play, but if you take it a step further and bring friends or find some fun mods, you will easily bring on hundreds more hours of enjoyment. User Interface / ControlsThe UI is still largely the same as it’s been for many years, but it gets the job done. It’s very clear, very familiar if you’ve played Minecraft, but still easy to learn and get used to if not. There are a good amount of options for customizing small quality of life things while you’re playing which is appreciated. Default controls are pretty much fine for me playing on Mouse and Keyboard, and it has good controller support as well. All controls can be easily rebinded for either control scheme very easily. GraphicsAs it’s a 2D game I can’t speak much to the impressiveness of the graphical fidelity, however I can say that the game runs well even when there are many monsters and particles on the screen at the same time. And even though the art style is somewhat basic, they have done a good job of creating their own unique aesthetic with the theme of their monsters and bosses. I believe the majority of people would easily be able to recognize a sprite from this game, even long after they’d stopped playing it. Also to be noted, there aren’t really any graphical options other than standard things like Windowed mode and resolution. AudioOverall quality of the audio is good, I wish there were a bit more options for tuning volumes on different things or being able to mute certain things, but overall it’s not a big deal. The sound effects aren’t particularly amazing and some of them can get a big jarring such as when you’re constantly firing a laser pistol and hearing constant “pew-pew-pewing” in your ears. I usually turn the effects down a bit and just enjoy the incredible music in the game instead. Terraria’s OST is certainly one of my favorites, and I’d recommend giving it a listen even if you don’t play the game!ModdingModding to some people tends to scare them away and think they’re going to get banned or break their game, but often that’s not even a risk. Modding in Terarria is allowed and it is very easy! There’s a plugin called “Terraria Mod Loader” that allows for very simple browsing and adding of mods to your game. I would highly recommend looking into this after you’ve played through vanilla Terraria a couple times. There is a massive amount of mods out there for this game, and there are still more being made and improved right now. Final ThoughtsTerraria truly is a genre-defining game in my eyes, it certainly had help growing to fame riding on Minecraft’s popularity wave, but it doesn’t sit among the piles of Minecraft clones out there. Terraria is a 2D survival game, that combines gear progression, survival, fast paced boss fights, leisurely building, and many other things that come together for a unique experience that I haven’t seen anywhere else. For the price, I have absolutely every reason to recommend this game to anyone that might be even remotely interested. I know that even years from now I will still continue to come back and spend hundreds hours more in this wonderful game.If you have the time, please consider checking out my Patreon![www.patreon.com] 
155Degrees	Recommended	33.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/emanuelson110/	Terraria has revealed itself as a very complete game. The idea of a 2D minecraft has not pushed me into the game initially, but eventually I gave it a try to play in Co-op with friends, and in a reasonable amount of hours and I was very impressed with the ton of content that this game has.Gigantic maps to dig, events to do, tons of different mobs, great bosses, amazing content for crafting, NPCs, skills and abilities. Go to the sky, go to Hell. Start chopping some trees at the beggining, end up litterally flying with laser guns, ridding unicorns, being a werewolf, and so on. The game also has some boring times, a bunch of time spent on research to know what to do next, what to craft, where to go, but in the end it will be worth it. The game was a pleasant surprise to me!OVERALL 9.1/10Amazingly Co-op fun! 
1029384756aw	Recommended	58.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/alex_whitaker/	For those that say this game is merely minecraft 2D, allow me to explain how wrong you are.Yes, this shares some key components with minecraft, but it also has a flavor of its own that minecfraft will likely never have.tons of weapons, enemies, bosses, and player progression namely.this game isn't for builders.This game isn't for fighters.It's for the players that don't want to stick to one way of life, and enjoy a change of pace as time goes on.farm, build, fight, and enjoy yourself. if you can't get into this game, so be it. but i must say that this games well worth a second try.
Shanguy	Recommended	483.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Shannu/	played for 482 hoursand still not bored from it..infinite/10
Primordial	Recommended	1,361.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198117407842/	Product received for free
Skull	Recommended	160.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/sgskull/	Great game with more content than you realistically need. Still receives free updates after all these years. Best played in co-op.
Giygas	Recommended	755.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/sethgiygas/	When playing Terraria for the first time ever (the longest overview of this game ever written):Take forever to chop down one treeNot follow the guide's adviceInstead bury him in a hole so he doesn't move into your houseHe moves in anywayFind copper on the surfaceGet a bunch of it and get decked out on copper armor & weaponsSuddenly, wild iron appears"Oh come on, now I have to get a bunch of iron too?"Finally finish with iron armor/tool set, feeling brave and ready to explore the undergroundGet killed by skeletons, dart traps, and boulders, and lose the 50 silver you've amassed, rage quitYou've calmed down by the next dayBravely go caving againKill those stupid bats and dodge those dart traps like a proGet a ton of gold ore and other cool stuff from chests and a heart crystal, as well as some Suspicious-Looking Eyes"Well, I've got 120 health and gold armor w/ a Shoddy Enchanted Boomerang, and it's just a stupid eye after all, right?"Eye of Cthulu has awoken!"OH JESUS"Die within one minute of fighting off Servants of Cthulu"Well, I guess that's supposed to be the final boss or something"Enter the jungle and get killed by hornets before you find one shrinePersist and get full jungle armor/Blade of Grass/Thorn Chakram"How ya like me now, Eye of Cthulu?"Die within two minutes this time, dealing a total of 200 damage to EoCDemolitionist moves inSpend every penny you have on dynamite"Oh yeah, now I'll break those stupid purple blocks that I can't break with a pickaxe"Blow yourself up2nd try"I'm out of ideas what to do here, so I'm just gonna smash these purple orbs with a hammer"A horrible chill goes down your spine..."What?"Screams echo around you..."Hmm...that sounds scary, but I'm gonna go ahead and smash another orb"Eater of Worlds has awoken!"NOOOO"Kill it on your first try because seriously, that boss is way too easy"AAALLLLRIGHTTTTT"Kill that stupid EoW over and over until you get full shadow gear"Eye of Cthulu...I will not fall to you again!"EoC eats it, you win"All right! What rare and valuable items does this boss drop?"(60 Demonite ore, 2 Corrupt Seeds)"MOTHERF-"Once you've calmed down from that, visit the dungeon"Hmmm, I'll just go through this door and down into this brick dungeon..."You were brutally dissected by Dungeon Guardian"Well that's not fun"Return to dungeonKeep clicking on the old man until night falls and the "curse" option appearsSkeletron has awoken!Get knocked about by his hands and finished off by his spinning head attack before you can say "game over"Visit the Wiki to see how many bosses there are26 bosses total"Oh god..."TO BE CONTINUED(maybe)...if this review was too boring or lengthy, let me know.CONTINUED...Take days to make a Hellevator, only for it to continuously be flooded so you keep drowning while diggingFinally done, now it's time to visit Hell - what could be dangerous about that?Die in lavaDie in lavaDie in lavaKilled by HellstoneKilled by lava from HellstoneKilled by DemonsKilled by Fire ImpsKilled by an endless swarm of HellbatsFinally kill a Voodoo Demon, only for the Guide Voodoo Doll to drop in lavaWall of Flesh has awoken!"Wonderful. The guide's finally dead."Attempt to deal some damage to WoF with your puny Demonite weaponsKilled by a swarm of The HungriesCourageously return to HellAfter dying a million times, accumulate hundreds of HellstoneReturn, try to make Hellstone BarsCan'tGo to now-respawned guide, check what to do with Hellstone"Obsidian? Hellforge? Ugh..."Look up what Obsidian is"Got it"Look up what a Hellforge is"Got it"Die a few thousand more times before getting what you needHellstone time, baby"Oh my god this is the best what could top armor and a sword and a bow and a boomerang and a pickaxe made of fire......."Skeletron's gonna get it now, you think?Well, yeah, he's done forCautiously venture into the dungeon..."Dungeon Guardian...you down here, buddy?"NopeExploration time"Can't seem to get these chests open"Kill Dungeon Slime"Ohhhhh"Treasures galoreSpend like 2 weeks (real-life weeks, not in-game weeks) exploring every centimeter of that place"Ok my brain's beginning to deteriorate from those incessant skeleton sound effects"Resurface, with about 1000 Angry Bones BannersSpend nearly every last coin on Minishark, only for it to have the "Shameful" modifierSpend the very last coin on reforging"Oh god please let it be good"Reforges to Zealous...+5% critical strike chance"I'll take it!"Now feeling confident about Wall of FleshSpend like a week building a bridge across HellSpend another week searching left and right for a Voodoo DemonNone to be found (but they seemed abundant back when they were always knocking you into lava...)Find a single, solitary Voodoo DemonFinally, time for the ultimate showdown...Wall of Flesh has awoken! ...again.Fight right to the edge of your bridgeBut, justice prevails...that Wall is deadItems...Shoddy Clockwork Assault Rifle"Great. I blow 35 gold on a shark gun, and now it just immediately gives me a better gun? Thanks a lot, ReLogic!"The ancient spirits of light and dark have been released..."Well what's that supposed to mean?"Whatever it is...it'll involve you mining a bunch more ore."WOW, JUST WHAT I WANTED"TO BE CONTINUED (Even if this does become boring for others, I just want to see how long I can make this review. If people do still like it, cool.)CONTINUED...Alright, do your worst, HardmodeFind a bunch of Demon AltarsBreak them all at onceGet swarmed by WraithsKill them with 10HP remaining, get finished off by Eater of SoulsTime to mineAfter about a month of mining and 347 more deaths from these newfangled Hardmode enemies, you're geared up with Adamantite and also have some Mechanical Worms/Eyes/Skulls"The Destroyer? The Twins? Skeletron Prime? Ahhhh, they're nothin' against my Adamantite! Summon all three!"Well that was a mistakeFigure out what you need for the Destroyer: Fetid BaghnahksSpend hours creating new world after new world, praying that the next one will be CrimsonFinally!Create Crimson Mimics w/chests & Dark KeysGet pummelled by that beastAfter getting like 9 Tendon Hooks, Fetid Baghnahks finally drop"Time for justice, Destroyer"Destroyer gets destroyed...those Baghnahks are just unfair...Of course, you get cocky and take on the Twins on the same nightLet's just say it doesn't go too wellYou feel the innermost depths of your mind starting to decay...nahhh, it's probably nothing.Time for the MegasharkDrown while getting clobbered by sharks at the same timeAt the expense of patience and a little bit more of your sanity, the hybrid shark-gun is complete at lastFinally, time for those eyes to go blindRealize that musket balls are, in fact, not effective vs. Hardmode bossesRealize that you've erred once againRealize that you're now dead (in the game and on the inside)Do battle once again, this time for realsiesTWINS DEFEATED!Time to spend these hard-earned Hallowed BarsExcalibur ("ohmygoditslikesoperfecthowcouldaswordbemorepowerfulthanthis")Hallowed Armor ("duuuuuudelookhowsweetthislooksiaminvincibleiamgod")Light Discs ("Eh, they're ok.")"Well, considering how, ummm, EASILY, yeah easily, I defeated Skeletron, adding a 'Prime' at the end can't mean much of a change"Of course it can!SP kills you againAnd againAnd againAnd againAnd againAnd againAnd again...ETC....and I've reached the character limit. Congratulations to those who read all the way through my giant string of stupid thoughts from the top down to here. My final, climactic* verdict on the game? Well, look no further...13/10 would waste 20 full days (500+hours) of my life, kill 1/4 of my brain cells, die inside, and lose contact with reality again
Axyl	Recommended	370.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/AxylMaverick/	Where do I begin about this truly amazing game... This game is fun for all different types of people, and to be honest it's not a matter of wether you'll enjoy this game it's a matter of wether you'll love it or just just like it. There is so many different bosses and wave type survival army dudes that it will take you a long time to beat them all. There is also so many different ores, armors, and weapons to suit your play style! This game is filled to the top with all sorts of fun things to do. Some days you'll feel like building a town or a huge house for just you, or maybe you want to fight a hard boss, go mining, or just relax and fish the day away. No matter the mood you're in there is something to do. It is truly an amazing game and worth the money. It is fun from the first time you kill a slime all the way to the farming of the Moon Lord. It is fun to play alone and with a friend and the depth you can get into this game is really thrilling. The best part about it is i've beat the game multiple times and I find myself creating a new character and starting all over again from the beginning it's truly an awesome game!
Polanovski	Recommended	230.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/polanovski/	Personal Rating : "Worth every seconds played"Traditional Rating : 9.5/10At the first glance, who will give a look for 2D sidescrolling with pixelized graphics, right?Terraria answer that doubtness with perfect gameplay and mechanic.I always try to explain this game to others as simple as this;"It's like Minecraft, but it's 2D, but it have the one that minecraft lack, goals for playing itself. Terraria have the RPG feel on it, there's character progression, bosses & challangeing enemies,  and the most important things-that minecraft said to be building & crafting game-; terraria give you thousands of crafting possibilities, no lie."The achievements are well made (since 1.3.0.1), and it marks your progression through the game.Some rare items are almost impossible to obtain, but it's worth it when you finally get it.Multiplayers works flawlessly through Steam Integration, and you can even play with your friends that use "pirated copy" via IP connection.Thousands of dedicated server around the worldThousands mod you can try, if you still can't get enough with the vanilla ver.Developer are continuosly hearing, take ideas & critics from players, made this game is player-built-game, figuratively every things inside the game come from every corners of any Terraria forums.TL;DRThis game will feed your 300hours of loneliness for not having a GF, careful of addiction lad! 
xxxMisery	Recommended	882.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/xxxMisery/	Honestly thought I wouldn't like Terraria as I don't play these types of games... BUT. This was amazing. And. Spent a few hours playing w/ my friend (WHO ALSO THOUGHT HE'D HATE IT). Life. Changing. Now we've been digging dirt for the past whole entire day lmao.It's so fun discovering new areas. Finding new items. Using them. Fighting Monsters. Decorating your house omg. There's so many different materials you can use to craft things. Finding Chests is rewarding and this game is definitely WORTH the what? $10.00? Def worth. Can get hours of gameplay out of such a cheap game.
Felvet	Recommended	184.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/CC67/	Terraria is a sidescrolling sandbox rpg. The game uses procedurally generated maps to provide the player with a unique experience every time. While some say the game is a ripoff of Minecraft it is, imo,  rather a testement to what Minecraft could have been.  The game uses a sidescrolling pixelated style and focuses on the standard rpg fare of collecting items and then using them to explore locations and fight bosses to collect more items. The game focuses less on the creation aspect of sandbox rpg and moreso on the rpg part while Minecraft does the opposite. While the game has a variety of cosmetics and various building materials that simply isn't the point of the game. The point of the game is fighting the boss, progressing to the next level, and getting to, and beating, the inevitable hard mode.  This focus does mean that the game eventually, like all rpgs, dims out and you will find yourself unable to progress and not so willing to farm for rare items. It is an issue experienced by even MMORPGs such as World of Warcraft. Terraria sadly does not come out with enough large updates (Expansions if you wil) to warrent continous playing from update to update.  The bosses are varied and the enemies are fun to fight, the caves are fun to explore etc. Everything you would want from a sandbox rpg game but unlike Minecraft's seamingly endless tracks of land you can easily explore the entirety of your Terraria world. This is sad as some things such as Pyramids, ice caves etc are not going to spawn on every world unlike in Minecraft where it is simply walking around trying to find the right biome. This issue is actually an odd one. As all the creativity in building a house could go to waste when you find there is not teh right biome you are looking for on this world. The act of having to world hop with your character is a poor one and while it is there for a reason the fact that there is a chance you will HAVE to do it is saddening and ruins a portion of the game and breaks imersion. Another issue the game struggles with is online play. Unlike games such as Diablo where the enemies grow in strength the more players that are in a single game the mobs of Terraria do not care if as many as 8 people are in their world they will stay the same strength. This makes large parties of friends able to easily chew through a majority of the game undergeared as they may be. And while they require more resources to upgrade there are so many of them to fight and die to kill the boss that it does not neccessarily matter. This means that while playing alone can be incredibly difficult and require alot of pre-planning and execution with multiple people you just kind of gang-bang the boss until it stops moving and drops it's loot. The various classes (Magic, melee, ranged etc) are fairly balenced with Melee providing the most armor but doing the least damage  in and so on in standard RPG fashion. While the game does have issues it is still a great sandbox rpg that can provide hours of fun especially when played with a  few friends so as to keep the game challenging. Defining your character, mineing and crafting your weapons and armor, building a small village for the npcs to live in all feels good and is fun to do either alone or with friends.  I rate the game, in it's current state, a 8.3/10
F4Texx	Recommended	391.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/F4Texx/	Terraria is the first game i got on steam, and im not disappointed.I think everyone should have this game.There is hundreds of hours worth of gameplay without modding nowadays and then there is the multiplayer servers, which add another level of fun to the game.You can setup your own private server through the game to play with friends, or download a server to setup so you can use commands.You can mod the game using TModloader and then the possibilities are endless, make your own mod, or download one!like i said, i think everyone should have this game and i reccomend it for everyone, to solo and multiplayer...
Xsibala	Recommended	73.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198065428917/	■■[Audience]■■☐ Kids☐ Adult☑ Everyone☐ Casual players☐ Pro players■■[Graphics]■■☐ what´s this?☐ Bad☐ Not that great☐ OK☑ Good ☐ Beautiful ☐ Masterpiece■■[Price/quality]■■☑ Full price☐ Wait for sale☐ Average☐ Refund it if you can☐ Don't do it☐ Free■■[Requirments]■■☐ 90' PC☑ Minimum ☐ Medium ☐ Fast ☐ High end■■[Difficulty]■■☐ Easy☑ Medium☐ Easy to learn / Hard to master☐ Hard ☐ Nightmare■■[Game time]■■☐ Really short ☐ Short ☐ Long ☐ Very Long ☑ Endless■■[AI]■■☐ No AI☑ Not seriously☐ It´s okay☐ Hard ☐ Like Human☐ Chuck Norris■■[ Story ]■■☑ It doesn't have☐ Still better than Twilight☐ Not very memorable☐ Average ☐ Good ☐ Fantastic☐ New ■■[Bugs]■■☐ Game itself is one big BUG☐ Bugs destroying the game☐ Lot of bugs☑ Few Bugs☐ You can use them for a speedrun☐ Didn't encounter any■■[Sound]■■☐ Great atmosphere☐ Story Narration☑ For every action☐ Too much music☐ Obnoxious■■[Others]■■Singleplayer: YesMultiplayer: Yes
BennyFrank	Recommended	635.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/darkfang33/	I take breaks from Terraria to play real life.
axuirs	Recommended	62.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/axuirs/	One of the most content filled games I have ever played.Absolutely recommend as a game that you can sink hours into and always have something to do.
scyll	Recommended	671.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/scyll/	Terraria is probably the only game i'll ever make a review for. Why? Because this game is just so perfectly designed that every other game i've ever played just feels bland. Terraria is a 2D platformer which gets compared to minecraft often BEFORE people play it. But it is just incomparable to minecraft because it's a whole different genre. Minecraft is just about digging, surviving and building the progression is the ores you can mine. In terraria however your progression is made mostly by defeating bosses then mining, getting mob drops, fishing for loot crates, building houses for npc who can trade items/ammo/potions/etc with you, and even just exploring for chests that are all over the map. Terraria has SO MUCH content it's insane. For €9,99 it's insane how much content you get and how much fun i've gotten for my money playing like 5+ playthroughs with friends and even more solo ( because i don't even have enough friends to play this game with ).I haven't found any game that comes even close to this games perfect design and i litterally can not give a solo/friend multiplayer game less than 10/10 when i have nearly 500 hours on it when it has this little cost.PS: terraria alone is even not all there is to it. Not a lot of people know but you can mod the hell out of terraria. These mods go from simple things like a boss checklist or making you able to stack things to 9999 instead of 999 to adding a huge amount of new well designed content ( terraria's graphics are so good for mods. People can EASELY add new bosses items, while still easy to balance because of how terraria's system works ). There are several terraria modoverhauls the add 1000+ items and 10+bosses to terraria. They are even compatible with eachother so if you want one crazy playthrough you can add like 4-5 different full overhauls to your modlist.
Fearlessmeløn	Recommended	810.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Christianh8s/	Get this game if you want to have fun
LaFanda	Recommended	495.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198143706483/	I love this game! What I love about it is that it is fairly easy and low-key when you first start, so you can learn how to play the game and find stuff without being overwelmed, but is still challenging. I played this game with a friend and he gave me a basic rundown of what you do in the game, but if you come into the game completely new, it can be confusing to know what you are actually suppose to do. You have to explore your world to gain any stuff, and as you gain more stuff you also risk finding bad creatures and eventually a boss. As your character gets stronger the game gets harder, but it still never feels impossible to complete. I also like that you can play this game over and over and still find new things to do, it never really feels completed to me. I have over 400 hrs in this game and I still haven't completed Duke Fishtron or Moon Lord on hardmode. I really like building towns and castles, you can make farms and machines, completely explore your map, dig tunnels and elevators to get around quickly, and you can build battle towers and test them by summoning events like the Blood/Frost/Pumpkin moon. Once you have your character built up as much as you can you can also do hardmode and expert, both are very challenging and fun. It is kind of funny how quickly you defeat the low level bosses like the Eye of Cthulhu once you are really strong. If you have a really powerful summoner active, sometimes they can kill the small bosses before they even appear in your field of vision.You can play with/against friends too, but getting the game actually set up and able to play multi-player is kind of a hastle, but once you have it figured out is is a lot of fun. The game also has a cheeky sense of sarcasim and adult humor that never gets old.Overall I love the game, it is easily one of my favorites!
Sashimi	Recommended	382.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Sashimis/	Awesome fun game, specially with friendsPros -Super fun-Steam multiplayer-A lot of things to do-Different classesCons-Kind of boring for singleplayer (For me but I think its fine with other people)-The longer you go without playing the less you want to playOverall really good game, worth the money
Illix	Recommended	517.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/illix_/	 ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ ✅ Full-price ($9.99) 🔳 Wait for sale👍🏻 Awesome game👍🏻 Polished AF👍🏻 Great single-player and/or multi-player👍🏻 Colossal amount of content👍🏻 Constant (and free) content drops👍🏻 Simple and effortless crafting system (no frequent tab-outs!)👍🏻 Actual armor/weapons progression👍🏻 Fun combat/PvE experience👍🏻 Less 'automated mob farm', more pew pew👍🏻 Awesome 16-bit music👍🏻 Beautiful retro look👍🏻 Cool devs👎🏻 2D = fewer planes to work with👎🏻 Fixed (albeit large) world sizes👎🏻 Updates can render older saves corrupt/unusable (RIP 100+ hours!)A quality sandbox game from Re-Logic. Similar to Minecraft but less creative sandbox-ey and more action-adventure oriented with a superior crafting system and a much better combat/PvE experience. I've enjoyed many an hour playing this game and, losing access to my saves due to updates notwithstanding, look forward to many more! A steal at full-price- no-brainer on sale.
AndyTheGreatestShowman	Recommended	169.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/andythemlgfurry/	Terraria > Minecraft
Cid	Recommended	456.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kyll7/	It's not really a game, it's a time machine that takes you to 3am.
Roots Seed	Recommended	4,732.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198165433784/	Imagine a game that you played and liked, it's good for a while but it gets old. But the game keep receiving updates, adding mores things, fixing others or both; you feel like that game you played is new, you play and like the game again in every update. I played this game for about 2 years and I'll keep playing it because it's a good game.
The Swedish Snake	Recommended	148.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/oofinator/	SneksSkill needed:☐ None☐ Noob ☑ Casual☑ Good ☐ Pro☐ MasterGraphics:☐ Potato☐ Bad☑ Ok☑ Good ☐ Beautiful ☐ MasterpiecePrice / quality:☑ Worth Full price☐ Its good☐  Wait for a sale (Atleast 30% off)☐ Wait for a sale (Atleast 50% off)☐ Dont do it☐ If you buy it you will hate yourself Requirments:☑ Potato ☑ Minimum☐ Medium ☐ Fast☐ High end☐ NASA computerDifficulty:☐ you just need to exist ☐ You just need eyes☐ Easy☑ Easy to learn / Hard to master ☑ Hard ☐ Dark souls☐ you wont surviveGame time:☐ Just forget the game and burry it ( <5hours) ☐ Short ( 10 hours) ☐ Normal ( 20 hours)☐ Long (35+ hours) ☑ Endless ( You can put well over 100 hours into one world, and then start new worlds if you want)Story:☑ None☑ Worst story ever (The story is basically to  fight the Moonlord, and that's it)☐ Ok☐ Good☐ Great☐ 11/10 Bugs:☐ The game itself is a bug...☐ Bugs are ruining the game☐ Loads of bugs☐ Bugs☑ Some bugs (I've only noticed bugs when using mods, but I've never seen any bugs in vanilla☑ NoneOverall a very great game! 9/10 currently my 3rd most played game on steamEDIT: Now my top played game!
JudeLow	Recommended	1,160.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/JudeLowMingRon/	This is a great game, just hope there's more games like this one.
JellyJack	Recommended	554.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/pjlp/	May seem plain at the first glance but dont be fooled. This game has the depth of the Pacific Ocean.With hundrets of items, weapons, armors you can be the character you want to be!A heavily armored melee WarriorAn agile Ranger (even with a minigun!)An elegant Mage with a very diverse selection of magic weaponsOr a mighty Summoner creating an army of minions to fight for you!Take on the many bosses to receive rare materials to make even more powerful equipment.Combat is simple but challanging later on.Stats are straight forward: DAMAGE/CRIT CHANCE/DEFENSE (also some minor stats like walk speed for the final touch)Skills unlocked by accessories or by wearing a matching armor set.And not forgetting the ability to shape the world to your liking.Build an enormous Castle to store all your valuables! (kinda like a 2D Minecraft BUT ONLY THIS VERY ASPECT)So what are u waiting for? All those positive reviews dont come out of nowhere... BUY IT!
ResinLip	Recommended	228.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/resinlipbongface/	Terraria looks basic at first, but there is an entirely confusing and complex world under the surface.
Crystal Clod	Recommended	195.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/cclod/	I always thought that terraria was a great game, but after 1.2 patch it became one of my personal favourites! This game is a 2D RPG-platformer in randomly generated worlds. Loot, that you can find in game is important, but not as much as your skill! Try it out, if you like challenging games with almost endless replayability!
Overwatch flame	Recommended	607.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Overwatchflame/	Almost like all survival games, at the start, it might appear boring to some consumers, but later on as you begin to understand the game, and know your goals in the game. You will love it. Just try it :)
Cardboard Box	Recommended	529.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/cardboard__box/	Words cannot describe how unbelievably awesome this game is.I've had this game for years now, and it is still one of my all-time favourites.Honestly, if you don't have the game - you don't know what you're missing. It's absolutely AMAZING.With all the updates that have come out over time, there is now NOTHING at all wrong with the game (not that there was before). Every aspect is beautiful, and you always want to go back for more. It is incredibly open-ended, and there is always tons to do. How people can say this is like Minecraft honestly confuses me.If you're considering buying the game, stop considering. The choice is obvious.
Amade400	Recommended	86.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/amade400/	TerrariaSome people say: "Hey it's Minecraft in 2D why the eff would I buy it?".Well that statement is not true at all. This game has much more to it.The game has thounsands of items, weapons, potions, armour. The worlds are pretty balanced, nice biomes, awesome loot in dungeons, interesting enemies.There are 2 stages of a world:Standard: Just a standard world, easy bosses, normal enemies. After you kill the biggest boss, the Wall Of Flesh, your world will change to HARDMODE.Hardmode: The world gets a holy and an evil(corruption or crimson) biome, harder bosses, pretty interesting new and deadly enemies.The game can get a bit boring alone, so bring along your friends, the game is pretty cheap.TL;DR: I really like this game, it's an interesting experience and a lot of fun with friends.
Revolter	Recommended	195.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/revolterxvii/	Being a Minecraft fan, I looked down upon the infamous Terraria for quite a long time, deemed its existence as a small nuisance. What's there not to overlook? The controls are obviously goggle-eyed alien in comparison to the simple 3D-roaming FPS-ness, the graphics look inappropriate for a complex game, and there is an overall feeling that the game refuses to take the "crafting" genre seriously. These were my first impressions.However, after 2 hours into the game, I've started to notice its sleeping greatness - the game is insanely HUGE in almost every aspect!! The worlds virtually span in 4 directions: there are your typical landscape biomes that include Forest, Jungle, Desert, Winter and a few more, each having their distinctly themed caverns underneath, which are biomes on their own, but also there is reportedly more terrain high above in the clouds (25 hours into the game, and I still haven't finished exploring the ground and below-ground level worlds!). The amount and variety of the craftable stuff is immense! There is any set of decorative, combat and building equipment imaginable: for starters, there are myriads of building brick types alone! Even the wood has different color, depending on the forest type you chose to harvest. Seriously, imagine a device, a potion or a house equipment - Terraria has it!There is also a huge variety of monsters, bosses (although the ones I've managed to fight so far have similar behavior), guarded dungeons, summoning rituals, NPCs (yes, unlike Minecraft - the game offers you to interact with unique characters that appear when you build a new room, with material and complexity of your choice, and which allow you to learn crafting recipes from them, and buy otherwise uncraftable equipment in order to bring balance into the game progression), and the sheer amount of stuff to be indulged into!Also, there are genuenly fun combat and adventure aspects - I will never forget our descent to the center of the Underground jungle - a place that changed our characters forever (also, the Queen Bee drops awesome sword!).If you have something to like about the game already, but are in doubt, or if you love Minecraft, as well as old-school graphics (represented here with MUCH more effort and finesse, than in most pixelated indie titles of today, virtually making it SNES-grade in terms of quality), my advice is - go for it, and you will inevitably love it. Just be sure to invite some friends (I play with just one, but it is already one of, if not the best, multiplayer experiences I've had in years).
Davynm	Recommended	665.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/nyvad/	Before you read this is NOT LIKE MINECRAFT! These are the only similarities:-They both have mining and exploration-They both have zombies to fight-They both have bosses-They both have Hell (an underworld)That's all i can think of at the top of my head. Now, let me tell you about Terraria's advantages:-It has 13 (I think) bosses, unlike Minecraft only has 3  (I think)-It has TONS and TONS of enemies-It has over 3,000 items and weopons-It has Heaven and Hell-It's caves are more fun to explore and easier to findNow, Terraria isn't all good, in some peoples eyes, in someways like:-It's 2D (I don't find it a problem)-It's too "confusing" or "boring" (again, I  don't find it confusing nor boring)-It's a "copy of Minecraft" (no it isn't btw)So, I hope you like my review and I encouraged you to buy it.*Add me if you need a partner for co-op gameplay* (NEW CHARACTERS)EDIT by arachnid141. terraria has over 3900 items2. they both have some form of electricity/circuit building3. both are blocks (duh)4. terraria is cheaper to buy and goes on sale occasionally5. 2D is good since minecraft is already doing 3D and it would be kinda boring for the games to look so much alike6.terraria has like 12 pets7. minecraft has a useful pet8. terraria makes light come from you when your holding a torch
REFiNED	Recommended	279.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/r3fin3d/	Do not say that this is a minecraft clone.It's really not.This game contains hours of endless fun, it takes about 20 - 50 hours to finish the game properly, depending onhow fast you play, and the class you choose.There are PLENTY of mods to make the game more fun.There is a great community surrounding the game, and its relativley easy to find someone to play with.
Kiroshaya	Recommended	172.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198119041693/	I was sceptical at first because the game looks, at first glance, just too similar to minecraft. After 100 hours played I can conclude, that aside from square blocks and zombies spawning at night, the game is comepletely different - in a good, ney, great way!After beeing blown up and smashed a few times by underground traps (they really are hard to notice at first) you quickly get the hang of underground exploration and are able to advance by collecting new items and killing progressivly harder bosses. I especially enjoy the concept of "Hardmode", because you get to revisit already explored places that became more interesting with new monsters and resources spawning. For sure you can play through the game, in terms of defeating all bosses, in I guess < 80h, but with taking your time and exploring everything, the path to the Endboss will take a whole lot more time, without really noticing the time you spend playing the game.10/10 would schmeckel again
DebbieBuggie_5	Recommended	1,195.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/debbiebuggie_5/	Terraria is what started my love for pixelated sandbox survival games. Re-Logic is a fantastic team and have personally helped me with anything I asked them about. Terraria is still being patched, with a talk of creative mode in the works, which is pretty neat since the team has been working on the sequel (Terraria: OtherWorld.) You can build, fight, explore, create, spelunk, save bikini bottom, you name it. I personally don't think it's fair that it's being compared so much to MineCraft. You can't compare Fate and Diablo so just stop. It's more worthy to be compared to Crea and Starbound, which most people find after playing this game to begin with. With almost 830 hours on record while i'm writing this, I haven't, not once, burned out on this game. Which is easy for me to do with bingeplaying. I haven't mastered the game yet and I haven't gotten bored with it, and I also haven't modded it. So if you're reading this and you're thinking "eh, its just a pixel game" do yourself a favor and buy it. Some of the best games are pixelated and indie. You won't regret it if you're able to go into it with a complete open mind. If you're reading this and you're looking for a game like this, Starbound and Crea, for sure. TLDR: Fantastic. Literal 10/10.
Corto	Recommended	279.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/AnotherCorto/	When I play Terraria, I often wonder why it's already 2am ..
Ittimenos	Recommended	195.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/thegreekloser/	Terraria Is really one of the best games I’ve played, Some people might thinks it’s a waste of time, But if you think about it, every game is a waste of time- But let’s not get into that. Its starts of really slow, but after a while its gets quite fun. And the graphics? Oh com'mon dont be so subbern to the point of judging a game by its graphics.But let’s actually talk about the game. Some people think that this game is a knock off of Minecraft, but its totally different. They may have some similarities but Terraria is more of a RPG. More bosses,   Weapons, Ores. I really loved this game; I would defiantly put this in my top 10 favorite games.Oh and the music, I ABSOULUTALY LOVE the music. Different themes for different biomes, And even a theme music  for that biome underground. Kudos for whoever made the soundtracks. The music play every second of the game, so I really like that.You don’t think you can make a good house in a 2d game? Wrong. Therese tons- TONS of decretive blocks for building. You can actually get trophies and banners from killing bosses & mobs. I’d suggest this to creative & survivor gamers.
Ley	Recommended	182.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jjjade/	This is not Minecraft. This is not Starbound. This is Terraria. An amazing 2D sandbox/crafting/survival game, even better if you play it with friends.
amelia	Recommended	240.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198129227544/	this is the house that you built.this is the guidewho knows how to craftand lives at the house that you built.this is the eyethat flies at the nightand scares the guidewho knows how to craftand lives at the house that you built.this is the lensthat drops from the eyethat flies at the night and pierces the skyand scares the guidewho knows how to craftand lives at the house that you built.this is the blood altarthat allows you craftingwith lenses which dropped in your arms from the eyeswhich flied at the night and pierced the skyand scared the guide who taught you that craftand who lives at the house that you built.this is eye of chtulhu, summoned with the item,which was at the blood altar successfully craftedwith lenses which dropped in your arms from the eyeswhich flied at the night and pierced the skyand scared the guide who taught you that craftand who lives at the house that you built.and this is the crimson heart in the caveyou found it after the eye of chtulhu came,which was summoned by you  with the item,which was at the blood altar successfully craftedwith lenses which dropped in your arms from the eyeswhich flied at the night and pierced the skyand scared the guide who taught you that craftand who lives at the house that you built.and this is the chtulhu's brain, full of anger and painwhich appeared when three crimson hearts were slainthose what you found after the eye of chtulhu came,which was summoned by you  with the item,which was at the blood altar successfully craftedwith lenses which dropped in your arms from the eyeswhich flied at the night and pierced the skyand scared the guide who taught you that craftand who lives at the house that you built.and this is the bunch of new npc,they came to your house after the boss was defeated,the boss that was actually a huge flying brainwhich appeared when three crimson hearts were slainthose what you found after the eye of chtulhu came,which was summoned by you  with the item,which was at the blood altar successfully craftedwith lenses which dropped in your arms from the eyeswhich flied at the night and pierced the skyand scared the guide who taught you that craftand who lives at the house that you built.and this is a minishark, the  most awesome gunyou bought it from one of the new npcwhich decided to live with you after brain was defeatedwhich appeared when three crimson hearts were slainthose what you found after the eye of chtulhu came,which was summoned by you  with the item,which was at the blood altar successfully craftedwith lenses which dropped in your arms from the eyeswhich flied at the night and pierced the skyand scared the guide who taught you that craftand who lives at the house that you built.and this is meteorite fallen from the skywhich left after crashing a huge hole nearbya hole full of new ores and flying new monsterswhich are easy to slay with your cool minisharkthe half-fish awesome gun that you bought from a new neighbourwhich decided to live with you after the brain was defeatedwhich appeared when three crimson hearts were slainthose what you found after the eye of chtulhu came,which was summoned by you  with the item,which was at the blood altar successfully craftedwith lenses which dropped in your arms from the eyeswhich flied at the night and pierced the skyand scared the guide who taught you that craftand who lives at the house that you built.and there is much more coolest stuff in this game, which will happen to you after meteorite day,which was fallen from the sky and created a hole,which was full of new monsters and full of new ores,and you rocked there fine with your cool minishark,the half-fish awesome gun that you bought from a new neighbourwhich decided to live with you after the brain was defeatedwhich appeared when three crimson hearts were slainthose what you found after the eye of chtulhu came,which was summoned by you  with the item,which was at the blood altar successfully craftedwith lenses which dropped in your arms from the eyeswhich flied at the night and pierced the skyand scared the guide who taught you that craftand who lives at the house that you built.rewiew is too long already, i guess you got my point.
Masduck	Recommended	713.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mastuck/	You start the game and be like "What am i even doing?" so you dig and build and explore like it was Mincraft or something like that. Then, after you find a huge pile of junk and some hearts, you'll get a Message  "You feel an evil presence watching you...," and your Pants might feel warm because you already know that Terraria loves to kill you. Boss spawns and you might die. Or you're able to kill him!After that you'll look at the Wiki and realize "Holy mother of Slimes this game has content!"And THAT is where your jorney truly begins!Gear up! Fight Bosses! Gear up again! Fight more Bosses! Get killed! Try again! Build stuff! Survive Events! Die to random traps! Fight MOAR BOSSES! Dig to Hell and back! Get OP! Build on! Slay random stuff for your amusement! Farm stuff you don't even need anymore! Watch all your fellow NPCs get slain by the next Boss! Catch Fish! Catch a bigger Fish! Get killed by that bigger fish! And so on!9/10 Because it doesn't have infinit content. D:
Digitalblaze	Recommended	86.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Digitalblaze/	a great game that can be enjoyed solo or co-op
Philos	Recommended	148.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/philosyang/	$6 for my 100+ hours of fun? I would say that as a thumbs up.Warning: not suitable for item-collection-aholics (like me), you'll be crazy for those 0.X% drop rate.Graphics 9/10Personally, a 2D platform game with such colorful graphics will do the job. At least for me, a low-end graphics card (Intel HD Graphics 5500) can give me a perfect 60 fps experience (sometimes lower when dealing with bosses), and that's enough, nothing special.Gaming experience 8/10Keyboard & mouse / controller friendly. Multi-player has lots of fun. Expert mode with extra bonuses also extends the play time. However, after fighting the last boss, you may feel somehow empty… but that's the game, if you're not a perfectionist, I think most people will call it an end.Have fun and enjoy terraria!(also try Minecraft : )
DiabloStorm	Recommended	1,109.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/DiabloStorm/	I've barely progressed past the Wall of Flesh and into the next difficulty mode and I've stretched this game out over 1000 hours already and counting, although admittedly quite a bit of AFK farming has taken place. It's still receiving content updates, and at this specific period of time (years after release) they're rather constant. All for $2.49? Yes please. I remember buying Diablo 3 Collector's edition for $100 and later feeling ripped off at how big of a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥that turned out to be and having people on forums try and tell me "Name another game you pay less than $60-$100 for and get hundreds of hours of entertainment out of" As if quality games that don't♥♥♥♥♥♥your wallet are actually hard to find, this is one of them, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s!
Crazher	Recommended	195.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Crazher/	"2D Minecraft" - It is a thought almost everyone has had (and anyone claiming otherwise are lying to themselves), but Terraria is much more than just that, and here is why I recommend it.Terraria's world is literally designed as a Terrarium, you start somewhere towards the middle of your world, and whether you go left or right - you will eventually stumble into an "ocean" with an invisible wall a little ways out. You have a couple options, build a base, and start exploring the surface, or you start mining and spelunking through the cave systems. Terraria's surface contains a little less than a dozen different biomes for you to explore and utilize as grounds for your home base (or outpost), and you will stumble into various enemies throughout them, and even sometimes fight the biome itself (Cure the corruption/crimson, or heck even help it spread!). Be sure to build shelter for the night as monsters are prone to hunt you down. Additionally there is also the chance of events happening, such as the goblin invasion.Throughout its underground system (which can be around 2000 blocks deep) you will find mini-dungeons, deep cavern systems and even bosses at times. And of course, we have a hell-ish biome at the very bottom filled with lava and demonic creatures.And when you think you have done it all? Defeat the boss in the hell-biome and start a NewGame+ esque event that makes everything in your world harder - even the bosses.So is Terraria recommended? Hell yes. For $10 (it's been on sale as low as $2 if you're on a budget) you will literally get days (or weeks!) worth of gameplay, and even more so if you have friends to play with! (Co-op always makes games better).
Pedguin	Recommended	5,821.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/pedguin/	This game is insane value. You'll easily pick up 1000 hours .. probably in one sitting because you'd be so addicted! 10/10
Chris	Recommended	121.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ChrissyBoy6661/	Step 1. Go into caves.Step 2. Kill stuff.Step 3. Get better armor & weapons.Step 4. Kill bigger stuff.Step 5. Repeat step 3 and 4 indefinitelyOn the serious note, Terraria is a phenomenal game & you should give it a try.
Kitkoyn_86RUS	Recommended	26.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/entity_86/	Product received for free
neon_cacti	Recommended	514.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/neon_cacti/	Summary:If you're a fan of building/RPG games such as Minecraft, Starbound and Edge of Space, then this game is definitely one that you'll enjoy playing. It is often on sale and once you get it, you're likely to spend way too much time playing it. I've played around 600 hours off-Steam until I bought it and replayed it over and over. It often receives huge updates that add massive amounts of content.Thanks to all the items in the game you're able to create various classes - warriors, summoners, mages, hybrids and so on. There's a great amount of bosses, events and unique monsters you can fight and you also have several biomes all with different creatures and items. A brilliant game that is also great to play with friends.Final Thoughts:A masterpiece truly loved by its creators. Buy it and you won't regret.  FINAL SCORE: 10/10   Positives: Achievements, cards, cloud, art and music, insane amount of items and enemies, constant huge updates.   Negatives: I can't afford to invest this much time into the game, but I need to. Click  here for more Reviews - also follow my Curator Page if you want more recommendations.Special thanks to the developers for constantly making the game even more amazing.
GGExpert1	Recommended	1,620.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/GGExpert1/	Terraria is an awesome game with many things to do in your early adventure. It made being a noob enjoyable and exciting experience for me. Although some of our community is dying out with newbies wanting end-game items and kids being annoying(sometimes), I would still recommend this game to anyone who like a sandbox adventure game. I have hosted many servers and met many friends,but also played solo and had just as much fun. Thanks for putting out an most enjoyable game! :-)
Man-Suc	Recommended	114.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198287724040/	Better than Minecraft
Tomoei Kitten	Recommended	35.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198069616377/	Like this game. :3 it is fun to play to pass the time
Immortalno1	Recommended	311.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198127928394/	I've come back to Terraria in different stages of my life, the first being several years ago. I would come home from school and get on with two others friends to play the afternoon and night away, disregarding homework and responsibilities just to get one step closer to the big baddie at the time Duke Fishron. The next would be during my first year of college, 1.3 had recently come out and I gave the game another crack but promptly put it down after having been spoiled by the amazing experience coop play brings. Not more than 3 weeks ago I picked up the game again with one of the same friends from high school, and having already seen most of the games content, we decided to try a modded playthrough. I've more than doubled my play time since then and have no intention of stopping. What grabs me is the amazing sense of progression you attain by traversing your worlds, finding new materials, overcoming new foes, and expanding your base. I can't speak very well for the endgame, I feel Terraria's strongest point is the journey to endgame. The mining, building, grinding, just playing the game has instant feedback. You notice the extra mobility from those boots, how tanky you are with that new armor set, how much of a punch you pack now with your newly crafted Excalibur (personal preference!). That instant feedback is what makes the game worth playing to me, and if you start to feel the lull that is endgame, try a fresh playthrough with some mods, I can guarantee you'll start losing track of the hours again. Terraria having something for most people to enjoy is a love letter to what video games are about: the thrill of playing. In the age of clickbait, Terraria is a rare example of a product and game that truly delivers when it says nothing is impossible.
PipBen	Recommended	371.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Pipben_/	Best Game To play with your friends
HSZauronMVP	Recommended	102.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198317210410/	10/10
rogue	Recommended	574.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/coquinxd/	One of the best games for newbies to Steam, does get quite mundane though. The art is great and so is this music, character customization does seems a bit lacking. If you like this, grab Starbound as of the time of this (update to the) review it was released as a full game. The game is also moddable! I highly recommend it.
Heidididi	Recommended	78.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/vaanilla/	A game with a sword that shoots kitties. BEST GAME EVER. 11/10
Ecstasy	Recommended	276.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Ecstasy333/	Such Game. Very addicting.
dumpster juice for hip teens	Recommended	711.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/redux7/	Terraria is a very fun game.It combines some aspects of sandbox, RPG, and general free-roam exploration. Especially if you choose a large world size, the world can take so long to explore. You can make multiple characters (with RGB color customization!!!), each with their own special names, make multiple worlds and play any character on any world, with three world sizes, and literally over 2,000 different things, let it be enemies, items, blocks, events...there's so much to do. Over a DOZEN bosses, two modes, three difficulties.I have two characters, I've played over 200 hours, and have not even explored half of each world, and not even CLOSE to getting all the best of the best items. Once you've defeated all the bosses, then they'res two more events to summon, the Frost Moon and the Pumpkin Moon, each with waves and the absurdity of fighting MULTIPLE BOSSES AT ONCE. Of course, absurd in a good way.Vanity exists, so you can have awesome armor but look like an archaeoligist or a wizard, dye yourself different colors (with some special multicolor/changing dyes), and more.Unlike some other good games, Terraria has a little built-in wiki. Several, actually, the foremost being the Guide, the first NPC you get. He can tell you how to craft things, unlike (sorry to bag on it) Minecraft, in which, if there was no wiki, you'd be CLUELESS as to what to make and how to use it and such. The guide will literally tell you EVERY RECIPE AN ITEM IS USED IN, and where it is crafted at. There's so much stuff, over a dozen biomes, and.....this is a beautiful game. 10/10
Justabit_Ginger	Recommended	43.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/The_Justabit_Ginger_42/	Really fun and hours of gameplay :D  100/100
is this racism?	Recommended	323.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198023090530/	steam forced me, but otherwise its very goodit starts minecraft and ends bloodbornewent from slimes to GOD OF THE MOON, THE COMING DAMNATION OF THIS WORLDAlso its pretty and cheap, like your mother
Spicy	Recommended	231.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SpicyCrap/	I used to have a life.
4rug	Recommended	20.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/imtooreal/	Bloody hell m8
deepfall	Recommended	26.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/candgsolution/	One of the STEAM game which have something addicting. Fabolous nature, soundtrack - 10/10 ♥♥♥!
I Got Anime Baby Mamas	Recommended	8.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/dylandhank/	Lovin it.Point blank
fluffypanda9436	Recommended	56.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198140760786/	good, good, and dam goooood
Shirtinator	Recommended	255.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198041951743/	It's like Skyrim with guns10/10-IGN
千夜brander chan !!!	Recommended	134.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/DerpyNoobey/	Not Minecraft. 11/10
Maeve Raeve	Recommended	52.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/IHatePaladins/	Have you ever played MineCraft? Then stop playing it now! Terraria is way better, and has even more bosses, enemies and a pack of amazing challenges! Fun to play with friends and best of all dig straight down! The bosses are fun to defeat there are plenty more of armor and swords, and you even have yo-yos! I'm sure youll get bored of this game in much slower rate than MineCraft! If you wanna use your money in good stuff, use in this game! it's worth it! The only thing i miss is the ability for Pixel Arts wich this game can't since it will get darker as soon as you start the art...
My Name is Amazing	Recommended	281.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/MyNameisAmazing/	Multiplayer is good, gameplay is good, the way they set up the 2-D is awesome, therefore this game is amazing.  I suggest this game and I also suggest killing bosses with Rainbow Guns and RPGs. I would like to see more major updates though.9/10 would blow the crap out of bosses with rainbows again.
Nue	Recommended	925.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/HoujuuNue/	Your ideal 2-D Action/Adventure Sandbox game that is quite fun, with or without mods. It's still 100% enjoyable compared to any game released this year and before. Unlike some indie games, its complete. And is STILL being updated with more content that isn't dlc ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. (Though the dev's take for ever) 
Adm1re	Recommended	11.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/AdmireM8/	Look. This game is GOOD. Terraria manages to pack alot of content into a not so graphically demanding game. Opportunities are endless. Although I have only explored through the world of Terraria abit, I know that I will come back for more. If you really like this kind of 2D game style I recommend it for you. If you like exploration and action, It's for you. However, if you are not the type of person that is open to these types of games, don't buy it only to complain to people who would actually want ot buy the game. This game is nothing like minecraft, except for the core concepts. Hope you buy.
IAreGirlyPanda	Recommended	272.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/IAreAnPanda/	Terraria is one of the most enjoyable games i've played. I started playing it way way long ago, and still playing it. Terraria is the game you can do anything really. Play with friends, be creative and build houses, etc, try getting good gear and beat the game. Just endless choices really, especially with the mods that people create for Terraria.Gameplay: It's really fun, from start to finish. New world, you're excited to get the good items and kill bosses, have the NPCs, etc. I've finished the whole game already, but I have so much stuff left to do, for example: Collect all weapons, armour, bows, etc. The best thing about this game are the bosses and they are always fun to fight again and again (or maybe it's just me). Also playing with a couple friends would make Terraria better.Graphics: I couldn't really ask for anything better. Terraria looks amazing like that, pixely. I still enjoy playing terraria because of what I can with it, I'm doing pixelart which looks amazing on the map. It's just really fun to have something like a big house or statue that you built in your world.I can not say too much about the community, I don't usually play public server because there are too many people, or the world is ruined. I usually play with a couple of friends in a private server, it's always fun.Bugs and glitches in the game? Umm, there are a few money glitches, fishing glitches and people will probably find more of those in the future, but that's expected. Terraria does not have any glitches that will destroy your game, which is the good part.10/10, awesome game c:
օաɛ	Recommended	404.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/thomx17/	Product received for free
MetroResident	Recommended	463.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/metroresident/	It's going to be pretty hard to start with no knowledge, but when you get to know the game, it will be one of the great 2D-side scroll boss raid game. even better if you have friends to play with
Mya_	Recommended	75.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198144770270/	Okay, this will be the first review I write, so like countless others have said, here we go:The game is wonderful, I have never encountered a bug in this game, and the reason being because the company that owns the game does such a beautiful job patching bugs and updating the game constantly (they're always adding new and exciting things!)The game play is extremely refreshing. There is something about the game play that reminds me of my wonderful times playing Cave Story, and god I love that game. It may be just me, but I can compare Terraria with Cave Story, and that's not a bad thing. Now, the art-style. All of my love, I find it so neat, and very cute!! (slimes!!!) (and countless other wild life I can go around capturing with my bug net which I then proceed to let free & flood my house full of birds and bugs!) I would like to add that in this game, you build, build, build. If that does not tickle your fancy, then you can wage war on the forces of evil at night, or fight beneath the surface (and even in the sky!) OR if still that does not suit you, then go out and explore your world which is randomly generated each time, so exploring is never a bore as the map is different each and every time! Choose between small, medium, and larger worlds accordingly to your tastes and jump in!And yet, even more~ you create your character before jumping into the world of Terraria, customize your character and name him/her whatever you'd like and set the difficulty of the game to what you'd like. Softcore is set up in a such a way that if you die, you lose all of your money (which you can still run back to and try to collect), medium, where you lose all money as well as items, and hard core, where your death is permanent! (Perfect for an all-nighter with friends!)Trying to stay alive is an adventure in this game, even death. Getting back to the loot you dropped when you died  is a quest and an adventure in and of itsself. Such is the world of Terrarria.BUT! You don't have to face the wrath of Terraria alone! Hop in with some friends and start slaying/crafting/building/catching/swimming/drowni- ARHGDR too many things! Too many gerunds!  Setting up a server for you and your friends is easy! The program to create your own server can be found within your Terraria folder. You can also choose to utilize other methods, if you desire.  Recently, one of my friends gifted Terraria to a friend who did not have it, so now the three of us are playing & exploring. Not to mention the time where we plunged to our deaths on a rope that was much too short, or that one time where we stepped on a preassure plate and activated a dart trap, and then proceeded to run around like chickens with their heads cut off, setting the trap off, again. (Luckily, none of us died. haha)I'm such a bad guide/reviewer that I was not able to go through EVERYTHING Terraria has to offer (Just too many things to talk about!). (Did I mention items you equip into your equipment slots show on your character?! OMG!!) but I decided that I have written enough, and because my word-count is probably higher than the word-count in my English class essays. (Maybe... Just... maybe... haha) Hopefully, I have at least enticed you into plunging into this beautiful, yet dangerous world.(I would like to add that I first bought this game on the console and only recently bought the PC version (YES! I bought the game twice!!), so the hours I have under my belt shown here are very deceiving numbers to my actual hours playing this game. The snails are so cute!!!)So, I think its high-time you discovered the millions of things I did not go through in my review. We are not born into this world "all-knowing", we must learn and then apply what we know.Welcome to the world, Terraria.
mcdondald borgar	Recommended	345.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/akuakuslair/	9/10Ah, Terraria. Terraria, Terraria, Terraria. This game is amazing.I became interested in this game when I clicked on a random video on Youtube. It was a Terraria video from Pedguin.I watched it. I immedietly started loving this game.Terraria is fun because there's so much content. I have played 241 HOURS of this game. And I STILL need a wiki sometimes. There are a lot of clever weapons, the monsters vary, the bosses are amazing. First of all, it doesn't give you a tutorial. That makes Terraria more hardcore for newer players. I love this. This game was inspired by a handful of games, including Legend of Zelda and Minecraft. Oh and by the way I don't like Minecraft anymore. The Building: great. Terraria makes building enjoyable by adding LOTS of decorations as well. You can also attract NPCs to your houses, which they will live in and provide assistance. There's an Arms Dealer, a Wizard, The (stupid) Guide. Hell, I can't count them all. But they all provide clever and witty dialogue. And you NEED the guide to progress. Not to mention that they are all useful and most sell things while others can heal you and change your hairstyle. The money system is great. You need money to buy things from the NPCs. AND HOW DO YOU GET IT? By murdering monsters. The currency is from least to greatest; copper, silver, gold, and plat, or platinum. There is a lot of mining. A LOT. But it's usually worth it to get a new set of armor or a special weapon. The mining is great because you are ALWAYS under attack by monsters. Did I mention the events? No? Well, the events are awesome! Events sometimes are either summoned or just happen. The events are: Blood Moon, Goblin Invasion, Eclipse, PIRATE INVASION (yes), and the coming "Lunar Event". The Bosses. Ohhhh, the Bosses. Terraria seamlessely makes the bosses AMAZING. The bosses are a mix of bullet hell and dodging their attacks. The bosses are really fun.There are a lot of Youtubers who play this, and I'm gonna point out a few; Yrimir, HERO, and Demize.Overall, amazing game. And it has even more potential.
Dys	Recommended	122.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/sadsausagedys/	After having put quite a few good hours into this game (and still going strong) I can say that it is worth the small price of getting it. Like some people, when I first came into Terraria, I exepcted something of a 2d Minecraft. After spending 40mins trying to figure out how to place a damn door, I realized that this really shouldn't be compared to Minecraft alone. This game feels like something of a hybrid between Minecraft and Legend of Zelda: A Link to the Past. Yes, it sounds strange to say that, but considering the items you can get, the boss battles, and the general atmosphere of the game, I feel that is pretty much what Terraria is. That being said, it is unique in a lot of ways and highly worth getting. It may be confusing, difficult, or frusterating at first (I didn't look at the wiki until at least a good 15 hours into it, so that might explain that), but once you pass that hump, it is quite enjoyable. Once again, it's worth getting.
the new stevie	Recommended	4.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198080106339/	Good game!                                         all i got to say about this game it is in 2D i like the graphics
guille	Recommended	266.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/darthkpo/	You can kill Unicorns with flametrowers 10/10 would burn again.
Silent103	Recommended	202.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Silent103/	Many first impressions of Terraria usually follow along the lines of: “Oh man, its just another Minecraft wannabe!”, however this is definitely not the case. Terraria presents itself as a colorful indie side-scrolling adventure game where players can build and craft to their hearts’ content. The graphics may look a little boring and basic to some, but the deep rich colors of the environment make up for this. Since its release in 2011, Terraria has come a long way with loads of new content and updates, creating a never-ending game for players to indulge in.People always compare Terraria to Minecraft, and of course so did I. They both feature gameplay that involves making use of your surroundings by mining, harvesting, and crafting. They also contain somewhat of a storyline that features boss fights. But most importantly, the two games offer open world sandbox exploration. At a glimpse, the games may appear very similar, but after a sinking a couple hours into Terraria, it is clear that they have their stark differences. Minecraft leans more toward the survival aspect, as players have to obtain food and eat to survive. Terraria lacks a hunger bar, and food provides buffs to stats. However there is still a survival aspect to Terraria, being players must defend themselves from spooky monsters, and that appeals to me.I really Recommend This Game It's really good game!
G E O R G E    C A S T A N D R A	Recommended	72.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/YourNormalAverageGuy/	a good game to play allthough if it could be compatable for mac
Painis Cupcake	Recommended	1,262.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198111351030/	good game
084	Recommended	112.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/vessel_for_the_soul/	What a great time waster. Ive spent many hours just playing the game...I think....Ive yet to encounter a boss but I have been completely distracted of my goal to reach each end of the map. I keep finding caves and go all fallout scavenger for lewt. Its a great 2D game but I doubt Ill eve finish it purely because I have no idea what im doing and now getting overburned with chests full of stuff gathered or created. Im digging holes like an ant, be thankful Im not your city planner.
FestiveApples	Recommended	9.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/maniaticapples/	Amazing game! Awesome bosses!!!
Tombo	Recommended	382.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/tomboliant/	For such a small game you get a lot of gameplay out of it and for it's cheap price you can't go wrong. I love the 2D style art work for this voxel side-scroller type game. It really is fun! A little bit slow to start but once you have built a base and got your first set of armour, everything else falls into place and the fun begins once you start killing bosses.You can get creative too and build some awesome stuff. Buy it!
Soppy	Recommended	802.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/NoContinue/	After about 3 to 4 years of sealing this game. I have once again, reopen and discover this shetAfter spending 50+ hours. I have nothing to do in my lifeThanks game.Edit: Now with mods and spent 600+ hours. HELP!!! 
TheWantedGamer	Recommended	122.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TheWantedGamer/	awesome game !
ElkMan	Recommended	113.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/urmomamamamama/	I am reviewing this game to get a badge. Good game, and I play it a lot with my friends.
Egossi	Recommended	550.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/egossi/	A whole lot better than Minecraft.8/10
Andriy.D [UA]	Recommended	106.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198141772232/	I like it.
Doctor Patronus	Recommended	1,418.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ZooWeeMama420/	Terraria is one of the best games I have ever played, there are people out there dense enough to say that it is basically a minecraft copy-off except 2d instead of 3d just because you craft, which is pretty stupid onsidering Terraria has much more diffrent elements in it and crafting is only one of the smaller things you do in the game, thats like saying TF2 is Minecraft because you craft items in it, see what I mean? Aside from that Terraria has over 3000 items in it, bosses, armor, vanity items, items used to customize you character and much more! I definitelty recommend Terraria to anybody any age.10/10.Ok, the review above was written by edgy 13-year old me. I would like to redo this while also being able to have a good laugh about the older one,Terraria is basically a 2D action-adventure sandbox video game developed by Re-Logic. The game has over 3000 items in it by itself. Mods can easily expand and break that barrier with mods such as the Exxo Avalon mod, the N Terraria mod, the Tremor mod, the Necro mod, etc. Obviously for a 10 dollar at max game this is a huge ammount of content to recieve for such a good price, every there are a lot of unique and interesting items in the game and many mechanics, weapons, armor, accessories and block types to explore and have fun with. The game also has 15 bosses and 2 events. The overall item balancing is also pretty solid, it does feel that the gameplay has a certain order to it, but it's so well done and interesting that I do tend to forget about it. Overall the game is fun as hell and a really easy time waster. Got back into it after about a year of NOT playing it and played quite literally 30 hours in 4 days (Exxo Avalon mod, I'm also sick so I can get away with that♥♥♥♥♥♥:D) go buy it.
Cloot	Recommended	419.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ClootiePatootie/	Terraria is a an excellent 2D sandbox game. It has an amazing amount of replay ability and it can supply you with over 500 hours. It's 2D art style is very well made and looks nice. The sound track is very nice and doesn't get old or annoying during anything. Building is quite simple, you need a structure and then you apply walls to the back. It's actually easier than it seems. The combat is very good aswell, you can get a lot of different weapons ranging from guns to magic.The game contains a range of different bosses you can fight, heck you can kill a giant skeleton with dangling arms. Expert mode provides a good challenge for people up for the task. Enemies damage and health are increased and some things have A.I changes, for example the skeleton can chuck bones at the player.It can drag and become boring when you are mining you can take ages just finding a little bit of ore required for the armour you need, I understand how you can get aids for this like the Spelunker Potion, but it can still take a very long time before you start to get decent gear.The learning curve can be very challenging at the start, you get thrown in with some basic tools and a randomly generated world. You may not know where to go from there.Now that steam integration has been implemented, setting up a server is pretty simple and it is easy to join and play with your friends. PVP is quite good apart from a lot of tracking weapons and minions do not attack other players.Overall I do recommend this game as it is definitely worth the low price. I suggest checking out the wiki if you are struggling as that has a lot of useful information.
Cryder	Recommended	389.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Cryder/	A 2d sandbox game with randomly generated worlds.Offers a lot of hours of gameplay before you finally "beat" the game but you can enjoy it for quite a while even after that, due to the randomly generated worlds you can even enjoy starting anew, or you can raise tall structures and let out your creative mind.Think of Minecraft, except now it has a working combat system and is in 2D. Has a lot of boss fights, minibosses, rare encounterable mobs and plenty of spelunking to find rare treasure. There's also no confusing crafting system as everything you can make with your resources automatically shows up and you can ask the guide NPC about what can be made out of your materials.It's going to get a couple extra content updates at some point in the future but after that I would rule out "new content", still, the content already in the game should be enough to convince a purchase.
MetroResident	Recommended	463.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/metroresident/	It's going to be pretty hard to start with no knowledge, but when you get to know the game, it will be one of the great 2D-side scroll boss raid game. even better if you have friends to play with
sugoi desunee	Recommended	148.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/benwyattfan666/	Terraria is a 2D-based Sandbox game, where the players were asked to survive and thrive in a gradually changing environment as you progress through the storyline. For some reason, if you turned on the music the game's tone gets darker and scarier so I suggest don't turn on the game SFX and Music to avoid cardiac arrest (jk).Singleplayer Review:The game gets interesting when you acquire something special from a dungeon (underground, overground, sky island). Some of these acquired items can actually summon a powerful beings (mainly called Bosses in game dictionary) at night. These creatures will be your biggest nightmare when you didn't see them coming from a mile away.My point is, this game helps to develop your preparation abilities before a fight-to-death battle. Which can be applied in real world as well if used correctly. The gameplay is perfect for a sandbox game, but it's 2D you can't really expect much in architecture design unlike Minecraft.Multiplayer Review:Since the game was greenlit into the Steam Market in around 2011, this game developed and everlasting community where you can enjoy and relax the madness of the servers available to play. You don't have to go to the dungeon and look for a summoning items, you just need to ask the admin kindly to spawn it (which I usually does with my friends' server (yes I was an admin )). After a while, this game's popularity decreased due to limited gameplay or the game era we're living in right now.Hope in the future:The community that crumbles to dust can be rebuilt into an everlasting group of people full of enjoyment and excitement playing the game, instead of screaming around after they die.Infinitesimally's Rating of Critical Injury7.8/10 
Gareon	Recommended	1,100.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Gareonn/	i love the game you should fix the 1.3.1 lagg
Hermit	Recommended	401.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TehHermit/	Terraria is an amazing survival game. The 2d gameplay makes it unique. There are currently 1786 different items in Terraria at the moment and more to come. The building is a little tricky at first and so is crafting. When you start terraria you create your own character in anyway possible to hair to shoes. Then you create a world, There are 3 different sizes to choose from when creating you world, Small, Medium, and Large. Small is a good size for someone who has just started the game, While Medium Is a good size for a more skilled player, Large is Good for a server more than 5 people. Each world is randomly gererated. The only thing i would change in this game is the damage slimes do, It can be really annoying to a new player if a slime keeps killing them. 9.5/10 idk even more
blahblahbal	Recommended	1,760.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/blahblahbal/	I can't believe I hadn't review this game earlier. It's one of the best, if not THE best game out there. That is, if you like sandbox/adventure/rpg games. It has great replay value. I'd recommend it to everyone that doesn't yet own it. Even if you don't like this type of game, try it. You might like it anyway.
Doctor Patronus	Recommended	1,418.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ZooWeeMama420/	Terraria is one of the best games I have ever played, there are people out there dense enough to say that it is basically a minecraft copy-off except 2d instead of 3d just because you craft, which is pretty stupid onsidering Terraria has much more diffrent elements in it and crafting is only one of the smaller things you do in the game, thats like saying TF2 is Minecraft because you craft items in it, see what I mean? Aside from that Terraria has over 3000 items in it, bosses, armor, vanity items, items used to customize you character and much more! I definitelty recommend Terraria to anybody any age.10/10.Ok, the review above was written by edgy 13-year old me. I would like to redo this while also being able to have a good laugh about the older one,Terraria is basically a 2D action-adventure sandbox video game developed by Re-Logic. The game has over 3000 items in it by itself. Mods can easily expand and break that barrier with mods such as the Exxo Avalon mod, the N Terraria mod, the Tremor mod, the Necro mod, etc. Obviously for a 10 dollar at max game this is a huge ammount of content to recieve for such a good price, every there are a lot of unique and interesting items in the game and many mechanics, weapons, armor, accessories and block types to explore and have fun with. The game also has 15 bosses and 2 events. The overall item balancing is also pretty solid, it does feel that the gameplay has a certain order to it, but it's so well done and interesting that I do tend to forget about it. Overall the game is fun as hell and a really easy time waster. Got back into it after about a year of NOT playing it and played quite literally 30 hours in 4 days (Exxo Avalon mod, I'm also sick so I can get away with that♥♥♥♥♥♥:D) go buy it.
truck pumpin'	Recommended	199.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/rawrica/	Because life.
JIMMY	Recommended	99.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/THEDANKMEMER69/	I recomend this to everyone who like pixes, adventure, sandbox, multiplayer, survival AND 2D animations.I really advise you to make a server cause multiplayer is awesome, fun and epic. :D
084	Recommended	112.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/vessel_for_the_soul/	What a great time waster. Ive spent many hours just playing the game...I think....Ive yet to encounter a boss but I have been completely distracted of my goal to reach each end of the map. I keep finding caves and go all fallout scavenger for lewt. Its a great 2D game but I doubt Ill eve finish it purely because I have no idea what im doing and now getting overburned with chests full of stuff gathered or created. Im digging holes like an ant, be thankful Im not your city planner.
FestiveApples	Recommended	9.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/maniaticapples/	Amazing game! Awesome bosses!!!
trigger_death	Recommended	2,613.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/trigger_death/	This has to be one of my favorite games on Steam. There is so much to do and collect that at this point, I don't think I'll ever be able to find every item. Terraria has great replayability and since your characters can visit any world, it allows you to begin anew without losing your progress. I've set up a gigantic storage world so I can horde every item and block I've ever collected and my collection continues to grow. But out of all this, the best part of Terraria is co-op.Since the game progression is fast paced, you can start a game with a friend and reach end-game in about a week or sooner depending on how long you play for. Co-op really works well in this game mainly because the fighting style. Spelunking with a friend is always safer especially once you plunge into hardmode. And the boss fights are a blast with more people.The environments and random terrain generation create beautiful environments to explore. The textures and lighting fit perfectly together and the unique game music is the icing on the cake.So basically what I'm trying to say is: I love this game! I've put a ridiculous amount of time into Terraria and I even feel that the game is worth way more than the full price.
CheekyMiro	Recommended	142.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mrmirolife/	Terraria is game based on 2D world with incredible amount of features like collecting resources, build anything you want, fight many bosses and of course collect loot to improve your character. (And craft)This game grown a lot after it was released.Thanks for reading!~Miro
KindaLoneWolf	Recommended	129.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kindalonewolf/	People say this is Minecraft clone well its not its like saying dead risings a left for dead clone yes there similar in some aspects zombies for those two games terraria has building with blocks you make and find like minecraft and monster come out at night like minecraft but even those to thing have diffrences there not excatly the same there very diffrent many games you craft weapons and tools an armor but terraria is so much fun and diffrent from making houses so you can have nurses and merchants even gunsmiths come to town somtimes theres a wide diffrent variety of weapons and tools theres spears swords guns bow magical books flails wips blowpipes and even a grapling hook there are also many equips and armors with diffrent affect from wings for flying to  objects the turn you into a murperson you go to the depths of hell and to where the goblins work but the best part of all (in my opinion) is the fighting killing monster of any kind or even finding a boss to kill terraria is great
BeneChaotica	Recommended	816.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198014248729/	I'm writing this review with 450-ish hours put into Terraria.  I don't write reviews often, and usually when I do, it's to let people know I accidentally purchased something awful, and to warn them from making the same mistake.But Terraria's fun!  It's good!  It's even what some might call charming.Two-Dimensional procedurally generated world-conquering/colonizing.  Pixel-building/Pixel-Art.  Guide Voodoo Dolls.  These are just a few of the 'features' Terraria has to offer.  And as someone who's played from beginning to now, let me tell you, the Guide Voodoo Doll REALLY IS a feature.  I remember how much anger and table-flipping he used to cause me, and still does from time to time...  You'll never get tired of dropping his doll in the lava, even if it does summon giant walls of evil flesh with wormy mouths that pop off and try to eat your face.  Oh yeah, that's totally a feature too, killing the Guide to start a boss-fight.This game knows exactly what it is and makes no attempts to convince you otherwise.  It's 2D Minecraft.  It's Minecraft if Minecraft had a better combat system, more content, more mechanics it could work with.  Mods might alleviate some of the mellow nature of a game like Minecraft, but it'll never stand up to Terraria in combat.  And Terraria knows it'll never stand up to Minecraft in the "Turning random things into beautiful art-pieces" space.  And that's okay.Because while Terraria knows it's 2D Minecraft, it also knows it's not at the same time.  With a much stronger focus on gearing up for fights than just for the sake of it, Terraria quickly begins to make itself stand apart the first time you fight one of its many bosses.  From Cthulu's Eyeballs and brains, to the revived metallic skeleton that probably housed them, to EVIL EFFING SPIDERS WHY DID YOU ADD THOSE RELOGIC to towering Golems, there are a whole whack of bosses to fight, and a whole whack of sub-bosses and special bosses to find and fight in-between.It's a much more customization-friendly game too, designed to do what it can to help each player try to stand out from their friends in-game.  The King Slime has your precious Ninja Outfits guys, but good luck with the farming, you'll be at it a while.  I'll stick to my Jungle Rose in my hair thanks.  But don't think that flower in my locks makes me weak, not ever since they added visual armor slots.  Ya never know when Santa might be wearing full Adamantite armor...  It serves him well to do that too...Because sometimes, even the world itself tries to kill you.  Goblins, Pumpkins, Turkey's, Snowmen...  A few different invasions, and not all of them are normal things...Did I mention the game has seasonal events too?  Like finding snow and candy-canes around Christmas-time, Pumpkins and Turkey's during the months before...  I wonder if we'll see something Easter-themed this year added?  Hmmmm...And lastly, ReLogic does keep tabs on this game.  Official support ended a long time ago...  And then came back...  And then has been kind of in the wind, with ReLogic taking their time, but you know, supporting a game like this with genuinely massive content updates, minor patches, User Interface fixes and streamlining, re-balancing, new bosses, biomes, gear, special blocks and decorative blocks and craftables...  This is a game that sees more than its fair share of love, not just from its community, but straight from its creators, too.Terraria is a game that I keep coming back to over and over.  It's a game that the very creator of it himself just can't quite manage to stay away from.  Give it a shot, and maybe it'll be a game you keep coming back to over and over again too.
Soppy	Recommended	802.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/NoContinue/	After about 3 to 4 years of sealing this game. I have once again, reopen and discover this shetAfter spending 50+ hours. I have nothing to do in my lifeThanks game.Edit: Now with mods and spent 600+ hours. HELP!!! 
Hermit	Recommended	401.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TehHermit/	Terraria is an amazing survival game. The 2d gameplay makes it unique. There are currently 1786 different items in Terraria at the moment and more to come. The building is a little tricky at first and so is crafting. When you start terraria you create your own character in anyway possible to hair to shoes. Then you create a world, There are 3 different sizes to choose from when creating you world, Small, Medium, and Large. Small is a good size for someone who has just started the game, While Medium Is a good size for a more skilled player, Large is Good for a server more than 5 people. Each world is randomly gererated. The only thing i would change in this game is the damage slimes do, It can be really annoying to a new player if a slime keeps killing them. 9.5/10 idk even more
out4space	Recommended	748.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/out4space/	A really addictive game. You start playing and magically your clock's alarm rings for work, school or college...  ;-)Anyway, the game itself is not comparable to Minecraft, as many try to compare the games.Both parties appreciate the other party and I like that.You have a lot of fun digging ("grinding") for ores and other secrets.There are countless of secrets to discover, for example hidden chests with really handy accessoires or weapons.There are NPCs which sell you things like ammunition or simply mana/health potions.They need a roof over their head, so you are asked to build/prepare them a proper home (and yourself too).I also like the fact that you (currently) do not skill or level up.The game simply builds around the fact of which kind of ore tier you are currently using.This is brilliant.You progrees the game by climbing the equipment ladder (armor/tools/weapons) and also fighting some bosses.The bosses are assential for certain materials (scale plates/demonite ore, later on "souls", used in crafting certain weapons/tools/accessoires) or to progress the game (Wall of Flesh boss, which enables the "hard mode" in your world).All in all a pretty enjoyable and inspiring game.It offers many different possibilities to develop your creativity (even if you are "grown-up" by age) and you will definitively enjoy a game with your friends or new friends.Simply put: A MUST BUY at any sale for usually 2-2.5 USD/EUR.For recipes and general advise have a look here:http://terraria.gamepedia.com/Terraria_Wiki/Terraria_WikiHave Fun!
blahblahbal	Recommended	1,760.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/blahblahbal/	I can't believe I hadn't review this game earlier. It's one of the best, if not THE best game out there. That is, if you like sandbox/adventure/rpg games. It has great replay value. I'd recommend it to everyone that doesn't yet own it. Even if you don't like this type of game, try it. You might like it anyway.
JoshuaForce	Recommended	742.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Joshuaforce/	"Tonight I'm going to bed early!" said no Terrariaplayer ever.It's OK, I guess, but I haven't really played it much.
Le Controller	Recommended	103.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/lecontroller/	An action sandbox game, It allows for many different playstyles - Magic, Melee, Ranged, Summon. Each one is different and each one is fun in its own way. Whether you be a rainbow-firing mage, or a pumpkin-firing ranger, they are all very appealing and (most of the time) balanced.This game is filled with so much content to the point where it can actually be overwhelming at times. I, having played for many, many hours, Steam and otherwise, STILL discovering new content to this day. And who knows what will be added in future releases of the title?10/10
the new stevie	Recommended	4.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198080106339/	Good game!                                         all i got to say about this game it is in 2D i like the graphics
optimuswhat	Recommended	496.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TF2004/	Haven't gotten too far but I think it's good.
RandomDudeOP	Recommended	67.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/RandomDudeOP/	I died the first dayI acutally needed to watch a video on how to survive the first day.10/10 I had no idea what to do in the first day. And I still have no idea what to do.
Egossi	Recommended	550.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/egossi/	A whole lot better than Minecraft.8/10
ElkMan	Recommended	113.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/urmomamamamama/	I am reviewing this game to get a badge. Good game, and I play it a lot with my friends.
MetroResident	Recommended	463.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/metroresident/	It's going to be pretty hard to start with no knowledge, but when you get to know the game, it will be one of the great 2D-side scroll boss raid game. even better if you have friends to play with
Cloot	Recommended	419.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ClootiePatootie/	Terraria is a an excellent 2D sandbox game. It has an amazing amount of replay ability and it can supply you with over 500 hours. It's 2D art style is very well made and looks nice. The sound track is very nice and doesn't get old or annoying during anything. Building is quite simple, you need a structure and then you apply walls to the back. It's actually easier than it seems. The combat is very good aswell, you can get a lot of different weapons ranging from guns to magic.The game contains a range of different bosses you can fight, heck you can kill a giant skeleton with dangling arms. Expert mode provides a good challenge for people up for the task. Enemies damage and health are increased and some things have A.I changes, for example the skeleton can chuck bones at the player.It can drag and become boring when you are mining you can take ages just finding a little bit of ore required for the armour you need, I understand how you can get aids for this like the Spelunker Potion, but it can still take a very long time before you start to get decent gear.The learning curve can be very challenging at the start, you get thrown in with some basic tools and a randomly generated world. You may not know where to go from there.Now that steam integration has been implemented, setting up a server is pretty simple and it is easy to join and play with your friends. PVP is quite good apart from a lot of tracking weapons and minions do not attack other players.Overall I do recommend this game as it is definitely worth the low price. I suggest checking out the wiki if you are struggling as that has a lot of useful information.
Cryder	Recommended	389.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Cryder/	A 2d sandbox game with randomly generated worlds.Offers a lot of hours of gameplay before you finally "beat" the game but you can enjoy it for quite a while even after that, due to the randomly generated worlds you can even enjoy starting anew, or you can raise tall structures and let out your creative mind.Think of Minecraft, except now it has a working combat system and is in 2D. Has a lot of boss fights, minibosses, rare encounterable mobs and plenty of spelunking to find rare treasure. There's also no confusing crafting system as everything you can make with your resources automatically shows up and you can ask the guide NPC about what can be made out of your materials.It's going to get a couple extra content updates at some point in the future but after that I would rule out "new content", still, the content already in the game should be enough to convince a purchase.
Mya_	Recommended	75.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198144770270/	Okay, this will be the first review I write, so like countless others have said, here we go:The game is wonderful, I have never encountered a bug in this game, and the reason being because the company that owns the game does such a beautiful job patching bugs and updating the game constantly (they're always adding new and exciting things!)The game play is extremely refreshing. There is something about the game play that reminds me of my wonderful times playing Cave Story, and god I love that game. It may be just me, but I can compare Terraria with Cave Story, and that's not a bad thing. Now, the art-style. All of my love, I find it so neat, and very cute!! (slimes!!!) (and countless other wild life I can go around capturing with my bug net which I then proceed to let free & flood my house full of birds and bugs!) I would like to add that in this game, you build, build, build. If that does not tickle your fancy, then you can wage war on the forces of evil at night, or fight beneath the surface (and even in the sky!) OR if still that does not suit you, then go out and explore your world which is randomly generated each time, so exploring is never a bore as the map is different each and every time! Choose between small, medium, and larger worlds accordingly to your tastes and jump in!And yet, even more~ you create your character before jumping into the world of Terraria, customize your character and name him/her whatever you'd like and set the difficulty of the game to what you'd like. Softcore is set up in a such a way that if you die, you lose all of your money (which you can still run back to and try to collect), medium, where you lose all money as well as items, and hard core, where your death is permanent! (Perfect for an all-nighter with friends!)Trying to stay alive is an adventure in this game, even death. Getting back to the loot you dropped when you died  is a quest and an adventure in and of itsself. Such is the world of Terrarria.BUT! You don't have to face the wrath of Terraria alone! Hop in with some friends and start slaying/crafting/building/catching/swimming/drowni- ARHGDR too many things! Too many gerunds!  Setting up a server for you and your friends is easy! The program to create your own server can be found within your Terraria folder. You can also choose to utilize other methods, if you desire.  Recently, one of my friends gifted Terraria to a friend who did not have it, so now the three of us are playing & exploring. Not to mention the time where we plunged to our deaths on a rope that was much too short, or that one time where we stepped on a preassure plate and activated a dart trap, and then proceeded to run around like chickens with their heads cut off, setting the trap off, again. (Luckily, none of us died. haha)I'm such a bad guide/reviewer that I was not able to go through EVERYTHING Terraria has to offer (Just too many things to talk about!). (Did I mention items you equip into your equipment slots show on your character?! OMG!!) but I decided that I have written enough, and because my word-count is probably higher than the word-count in my English class essays. (Maybe... Just... maybe... haha) Hopefully, I have at least enticed you into plunging into this beautiful, yet dangerous world.(I would like to add that I first bought this game on the console and only recently bought the PC version (YES! I bought the game twice!!), so the hours I have under my belt shown here are very deceiving numbers to my actual hours playing this game. The snails are so cute!!!)So, I think its high-time you discovered the millions of things I did not go through in my review. We are not born into this world "all-knowing", we must learn and then apply what we know.Welcome to the world, Terraria.
DesperagoN	Recommended	176.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Desperagon/	the posibilities in this game are limitless!!! i love it!! i m playing and playing and the fun never ends!!!
Akuma Shark	Recommended	886.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/AkumaShark/	Best game i ever played
Zaccy	Recommended	530.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/zaccy14/	SPICY
Doctor Patronus	Recommended	1,418.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ZooWeeMama420/	Terraria is one of the best games I have ever played, there are people out there dense enough to say that it is basically a minecraft copy-off except 2d instead of 3d just because you craft, which is pretty stupid onsidering Terraria has much more diffrent elements in it and crafting is only one of the smaller things you do in the game, thats like saying TF2 is Minecraft because you craft items in it, see what I mean? Aside from that Terraria has over 3000 items in it, bosses, armor, vanity items, items used to customize you character and much more! I definitelty recommend Terraria to anybody any age.10/10.Ok, the review above was written by edgy 13-year old me. I would like to redo this while also being able to have a good laugh about the older one,Terraria is basically a 2D action-adventure sandbox video game developed by Re-Logic. The game has over 3000 items in it by itself. Mods can easily expand and break that barrier with mods such as the Exxo Avalon mod, the N Terraria mod, the Tremor mod, the Necro mod, etc. Obviously for a 10 dollar at max game this is a huge ammount of content to recieve for such a good price, every there are a lot of unique and interesting items in the game and many mechanics, weapons, armor, accessories and block types to explore and have fun with. The game also has 15 bosses and 2 events. The overall item balancing is also pretty solid, it does feel that the gameplay has a certain order to it, but it's so well done and interesting that I do tend to forget about it. Overall the game is fun as hell and a really easy time waster. Got back into it after about a year of NOT playing it and played quite literally 30 hours in 4 days (Exxo Avalon mod, I'm also sick so I can get away with that♥♥♥♥♥♥:D) go buy it.
Nofux	Recommended	356.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/peelzheeerrrrreee/	Better Than Minecraft 3 Reasons Why its better:1. Has alot of Monsters,Bosses,Items,BIomes and Tiles as they call the blocks2. Biomes Has Different Colors,Enemies that only spawn there3. A terraria trailer said "Over 1500 Crafting Recipes","150+ Enemies" and "11 bosses" And that is no Match for minecraft unless its modded while Terraria even with no mods get to the top level
Bonitto312	Recommended	4,391.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198150710972/	This is my favriote game EVER!! There is so much to do in terraria. Fight bosses, explore the world, find loot, all of that amazing things is what makes terraria my favriote game ever!I really do reccomend playing this game since its so AWSOME!
BeneChaotica	Recommended	816.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198014248729/	I'm writing this review with 450-ish hours put into Terraria.  I don't write reviews often, and usually when I do, it's to let people know I accidentally purchased something awful, and to warn them from making the same mistake.But Terraria's fun!  It's good!  It's even what some might call charming.Two-Dimensional procedurally generated world-conquering/colonizing.  Pixel-building/Pixel-Art.  Guide Voodoo Dolls.  These are just a few of the 'features' Terraria has to offer.  And as someone who's played from beginning to now, let me tell you, the Guide Voodoo Doll REALLY IS a feature.  I remember how much anger and table-flipping he used to cause me, and still does from time to time...  You'll never get tired of dropping his doll in the lava, even if it does summon giant walls of evil flesh with wormy mouths that pop off and try to eat your face.  Oh yeah, that's totally a feature too, killing the Guide to start a boss-fight.This game knows exactly what it is and makes no attempts to convince you otherwise.  It's 2D Minecraft.  It's Minecraft if Minecraft had a better combat system, more content, more mechanics it could work with.  Mods might alleviate some of the mellow nature of a game like Minecraft, but it'll never stand up to Terraria in combat.  And Terraria knows it'll never stand up to Minecraft in the "Turning random things into beautiful art-pieces" space.  And that's okay.Because while Terraria knows it's 2D Minecraft, it also knows it's not at the same time.  With a much stronger focus on gearing up for fights than just for the sake of it, Terraria quickly begins to make itself stand apart the first time you fight one of its many bosses.  From Cthulu's Eyeballs and brains, to the revived metallic skeleton that probably housed them, to EVIL EFFING SPIDERS WHY DID YOU ADD THOSE RELOGIC to towering Golems, there are a whole whack of bosses to fight, and a whole whack of sub-bosses and special bosses to find and fight in-between.It's a much more customization-friendly game too, designed to do what it can to help each player try to stand out from their friends in-game.  The King Slime has your precious Ninja Outfits guys, but good luck with the farming, you'll be at it a while.  I'll stick to my Jungle Rose in my hair thanks.  But don't think that flower in my locks makes me weak, not ever since they added visual armor slots.  Ya never know when Santa might be wearing full Adamantite armor...  It serves him well to do that too...Because sometimes, even the world itself tries to kill you.  Goblins, Pumpkins, Turkey's, Snowmen...  A few different invasions, and not all of them are normal things...Did I mention the game has seasonal events too?  Like finding snow and candy-canes around Christmas-time, Pumpkins and Turkey's during the months before...  I wonder if we'll see something Easter-themed this year added?  Hmmmm...And lastly, ReLogic does keep tabs on this game.  Official support ended a long time ago...  And then came back...  And then has been kind of in the wind, with ReLogic taking their time, but you know, supporting a game like this with genuinely massive content updates, minor patches, User Interface fixes and streamlining, re-balancing, new bosses, biomes, gear, special blocks and decorative blocks and craftables...  This is a game that sees more than its fair share of love, not just from its community, but straight from its creators, too.Terraria is a game that I keep coming back to over and over.  It's a game that the very creator of it himself just can't quite manage to stay away from.  Give it a shot, and maybe it'll be a game you keep coming back to over and over again too.
Isaac Clarke	Recommended	38.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ic19831/	Better than Minecraft
DatPhireDoe	Recommended	82.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198085992232/	This game is god Nuff said inf/10
First Ascendant Highlord Lolicon	Recommended	192.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198058684368/	A lot of people say that Terraria is just 2D Minecraft. And on the surface, the two are very similar. But dig deeper (pun intended), and the differences start to emerge. I have put quite a few hours into Terraria, and I quite enjoyed it. Its combination of sandbox creativity, RPG-like dungeon crawling, and seemingly endless stream of items and bosses kept the game interesting. There are a few problems that I had with it, but most of them could be solved with mods or a few minor updates. Overall, I had a very good time with Terraria, and I most certainly would recommend it to anyone who is a fan of the survival, sandbox, or RPG genres.
Catninjatheglaceon	Recommended	214.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198064574825/	at first glance, this looks like 2-D minecraft. nothing special. a straight downgrade. however, when you take the time to play the game for yourself, you find its a lot more than that. it may not have the extra dimension or creative mode that minecraft has, but it more than makes up for it in a lot more weapons and weapon types, more bosses, npc characters that sell a wide variety of stuff, and the multiplayer, while it can be frustrating and slow sometimes, is pretty easy to get going and fun. if you have the money for this game, definately give it a try.
Hexadecimal	Recommended	601.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/hexadecimals-steam-page/	I highly recommend buying Terraria. Terraria is an amazing game, which always stays interesting from the beginning, even after you 'finish' the game. Terraria often goes on sale, sometimes for up to 90% off, so I recommend waiting for a good sale to buy the game.
օաɛ	Recommended	404.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/thomx17/	Product received for free
Ployallo	Recommended	83.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198066976804/	Everything is attacking you...From plants to animals...10/10
SciLog1c	Recommended	520.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SciLog1c/	Dig, mafaka, dig
Oberst Knatterfurz	Recommended	456.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Fgtwithnolife/	I would call it one of the best 8-bit games i have ever played and theres more♥♥♥♥♥♥coming like otherworld and patches so buy it u will have a great time.Wellp  no otherworld i guesBtw its better than minecraft
Sydney	Recommended	606.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Tsunamitrent/	This is the best game on Steam, I highly recommend it for sandbox/adventure gamers.
Jak	Recommended	335.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198007491817/	This game, despite its sheer difficulty at a certain point and with how monotonous it could be to mine for resources, is simply amazing. Re-logic managed to add a vague class system *pause for effect* to a sandbox. Personally, I think its a great game. :D
BiscuitPillager	Recommended	182.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198124227202/	Great game, who doesn't love impaling a giant eyeball with a drill :D
🍆taran	Recommended	313.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198067719104/	Great game, tons of things to do, build, destroy, adventure, upgrade your tools, weapons, armour, and more. Recommend you get this. 10/10 overall.
shramble	Recommended	120.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/shramble/	Awesome game game.11/10 would get owned by a green slime aggain
optimuswhat	Recommended	496.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TF2004/	Haven't gotten too far but I think it's good.
guille	Recommended	266.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/darthkpo/	You can kill Unicorns with flametrowers 10/10 would burn again.
Silent103	Recommended	202.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Silent103/	Many first impressions of Terraria usually follow along the lines of: “Oh man, its just another Minecraft wannabe!”, however this is definitely not the case. Terraria presents itself as a colorful indie side-scrolling adventure game where players can build and craft to their hearts’ content. The graphics may look a little boring and basic to some, but the deep rich colors of the environment make up for this. Since its release in 2011, Terraria has come a long way with loads of new content and updates, creating a never-ending game for players to indulge in.People always compare Terraria to Minecraft, and of course so did I. They both feature gameplay that involves making use of your surroundings by mining, harvesting, and crafting. They also contain somewhat of a storyline that features boss fights. But most importantly, the two games offer open world sandbox exploration. At a glimpse, the games may appear very similar, but after a sinking a couple hours into Terraria, it is clear that they have their stark differences. Minecraft leans more toward the survival aspect, as players have to obtain food and eat to survive. Terraria lacks a hunger bar, and food provides buffs to stats. However there is still a survival aspect to Terraria, being players must defend themselves from spooky monsters, and that appeals to me.I really Recommend This Game It's really good game!
CheekyMiro	Recommended	142.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mrmirolife/	Terraria is game based on 2D world with incredible amount of features like collecting resources, build anything you want, fight many bosses and of course collect loot to improve your character. (And craft)This game grown a lot after it was released.Thanks for reading!~Miro
Mr.Caviar	Recommended	9.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198039128819/	Much fun for this game :D
BiscuitPillager	Recommended	182.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198124227202/	Great game, who doesn't love impaling a giant eyeball with a drill :D
shadow	Recommended	53.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/shadow775/	One of the best sandbox/indie games there is out there. 100/100 mlg
shramble	Recommended	120.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/shramble/	Awesome game game.11/10 would get owned by a green slime aggain
TheCarrotGuy	Recommended	19.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/magnifico38/	♥♥♥♥ing awesome
🍆taran	Recommended	313.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198067719104/	Great game, tons of things to do, build, destroy, adventure, upgrade your tools, weapons, armour, and more. Recommend you get this. 10/10 overall.
optimuswhat	Recommended	496.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TF2004/	Haven't gotten too far but I think it's good.
Dys	Recommended	122.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/sadsausagedys/	After having put quite a few good hours into this game (and still going strong) I can say that it is worth the small price of getting it. Like some people, when I first came into Terraria, I exepcted something of a 2d Minecraft. After spending 40mins trying to figure out how to place a damn door, I realized that this really shouldn't be compared to Minecraft alone. This game feels like something of a hybrid between Minecraft and Legend of Zelda: A Link to the Past. Yes, it sounds strange to say that, but considering the items you can get, the boss battles, and the general atmosphere of the game, I feel that is pretty much what Terraria is. That being said, it is unique in a lot of ways and highly worth getting. It may be confusing, difficult, or frusterating at first (I didn't look at the wiki until at least a good 15 hours into it, so that might explain that), but once you pass that hump, it is quite enjoyable. Once again, it's worth getting.
RandomDudeOP	Recommended	67.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/RandomDudeOP/	I died the first dayI acutally needed to watch a video on how to survive the first day.10/10 I had no idea what to do in the first day. And I still have no idea what to do.
Adm1re	Recommended	11.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/AdmireM8/	Look. This game is GOOD. Terraria manages to pack alot of content into a not so graphically demanding game. Opportunities are endless. Although I have only explored through the world of Terraria abit, I know that I will come back for more. If you really like this kind of 2D game style I recommend it for you. If you like exploration and action, It's for you. However, if you are not the type of person that is open to these types of games, don't buy it only to complain to people who would actually want ot buy the game. This game is nothing like minecraft, except for the core concepts. Hope you buy.
Le Controller	Recommended	103.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/lecontroller/	An action sandbox game, It allows for many different playstyles - Magic, Melee, Ranged, Summon. Each one is different and each one is fun in its own way. Whether you be a rainbow-firing mage, or a pumpkin-firing ranger, they are all very appealing and (most of the time) balanced.This game is filled with so much content to the point where it can actually be overwhelming at times. I, having played for many, many hours, Steam and otherwise, STILL discovering new content to this day. And who knows what will be added in future releases of the title?10/10
pleep47	Recommended	686.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/pleep47/	This game is awsome. I though Minecraft was fun, but it died a year later. In search of a new game I came upon Terraria. I have never been bored of this game there is so much stuff to do and get.
bert	Recommended	355.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/bertious/	100% Would recommend this game to anyone.There is so much packed into this game for such a little price;-Hundreds of Enemies and a Variety of Bosses challenge you along your way even if you play on the lightest difficulties each one with a unique attack pattern and style. -Hundreds more Weapons to slay the foes you face varying from a Sword that fires Kittens as you swing, to a Prism that fires a Consentrated beam of Light that Disitigrates the opposition.-Thousands of Unique blocks, Vanity items, Mounts and anything you can really imagine.-A Multitude of ways to play such as a Ranged Bow/Gun-Man, a Warrior, Tank or Mage.-A Host of Events that will challenge you along your adventure and test your skills in survival.-NPC's to accompany you each one with their own Dialogue, Store and Purpose.-Player hosted Public servers so you can make new friends and try new game-modes.There's a lot more I could list but i'd rather you find out for yourself when you play. These are just a few of the reasons why hundreds of hours can come out of a small, yet big, Indie game. =D
Ulquiora	Recommended	262.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/rubenruivo/	such 2Dmuch funwow10/10
DesperagoN	Recommended	176.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Desperagon/	the posibilities in this game are limitless!!! i love it!! i m playing and playing and the fun never ends!!!
samccs	Recommended	1,453.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/samccs115/	10/10, would play 1500~ish hours again 
Akuma Shark	Recommended	886.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/AkumaShark/	Best game i ever played
Mya_	Recommended	75.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198144770270/	Okay, this will be the first review I write, so like countless others have said, here we go:The game is wonderful, I have never encountered a bug in this game, and the reason being because the company that owns the game does such a beautiful job patching bugs and updating the game constantly (they're always adding new and exciting things!)The game play is extremely refreshing. There is something about the game play that reminds me of my wonderful times playing Cave Story, and god I love that game. It may be just me, but I can compare Terraria with Cave Story, and that's not a bad thing. Now, the art-style. All of my love, I find it so neat, and very cute!! (slimes!!!) (and countless other wild life I can go around capturing with my bug net which I then proceed to let free & flood my house full of birds and bugs!) I would like to add that in this game, you build, build, build. If that does not tickle your fancy, then you can wage war on the forces of evil at night, or fight beneath the surface (and even in the sky!) OR if still that does not suit you, then go out and explore your world which is randomly generated each time, so exploring is never a bore as the map is different each and every time! Choose between small, medium, and larger worlds accordingly to your tastes and jump in!And yet, even more~ you create your character before jumping into the world of Terraria, customize your character and name him/her whatever you'd like and set the difficulty of the game to what you'd like. Softcore is set up in a such a way that if you die, you lose all of your money (which you can still run back to and try to collect), medium, where you lose all money as well as items, and hard core, where your death is permanent! (Perfect for an all-nighter with friends!)Trying to stay alive is an adventure in this game, even death. Getting back to the loot you dropped when you died  is a quest and an adventure in and of itsself. Such is the world of Terrarria.BUT! You don't have to face the wrath of Terraria alone! Hop in with some friends and start slaying/crafting/building/catching/swimming/drowni- ARHGDR too many things! Too many gerunds!  Setting up a server for you and your friends is easy! The program to create your own server can be found within your Terraria folder. You can also choose to utilize other methods, if you desire.  Recently, one of my friends gifted Terraria to a friend who did not have it, so now the three of us are playing & exploring. Not to mention the time where we plunged to our deaths on a rope that was much too short, or that one time where we stepped on a preassure plate and activated a dart trap, and then proceeded to run around like chickens with their heads cut off, setting the trap off, again. (Luckily, none of us died. haha)I'm such a bad guide/reviewer that I was not able to go through EVERYTHING Terraria has to offer (Just too many things to talk about!). (Did I mention items you equip into your equipment slots show on your character?! OMG!!) but I decided that I have written enough, and because my word-count is probably higher than the word-count in my English class essays. (Maybe... Just... maybe... haha) Hopefully, I have at least enticed you into plunging into this beautiful, yet dangerous world.(I would like to add that I first bought this game on the console and only recently bought the PC version (YES! I bought the game twice!!), so the hours I have under my belt shown here are very deceiving numbers to my actual hours playing this game. The snails are so cute!!!)So, I think its high-time you discovered the millions of things I did not go through in my review. We are not born into this world "all-knowing", we must learn and then apply what we know.Welcome to the world, Terraria.
Requiem4Sanity	Recommended	620.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Requiem4Sanity/	A 2d sidescroller sandbox that just doesn't end. You want a retro game you'll be playing for months trying to find the best weapons and fighting ever-harder bosses in  an ever-changing world? Then this is for you. It's a real blast and not very expensive; I strongly recommend it,. You won't be sorry you played.
Silent103	Recommended	202.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Silent103/	Many first impressions of Terraria usually follow along the lines of: “Oh man, its just another Minecraft wannabe!”, however this is definitely not the case. Terraria presents itself as a colorful indie side-scrolling adventure game where players can build and craft to their hearts’ content. The graphics may look a little boring and basic to some, but the deep rich colors of the environment make up for this. Since its release in 2011, Terraria has come a long way with loads of new content and updates, creating a never-ending game for players to indulge in.People always compare Terraria to Minecraft, and of course so did I. They both feature gameplay that involves making use of your surroundings by mining, harvesting, and crafting. They also contain somewhat of a storyline that features boss fights. But most importantly, the two games offer open world sandbox exploration. At a glimpse, the games may appear very similar, but after a sinking a couple hours into Terraria, it is clear that they have their stark differences. Minecraft leans more toward the survival aspect, as players have to obtain food and eat to survive. Terraria lacks a hunger bar, and food provides buffs to stats. However there is still a survival aspect to Terraria, being players must defend themselves from spooky monsters, and that appeals to me.I really Recommend This Game It's really good game!
G E O R G E    C A S T A N D R A	Recommended	72.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/YourNormalAverageGuy/	a good game to play allthough if it could be compatable for mac
Painis Cupcake	Recommended	1,262.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198111351030/	good game
Max Bacon	Recommended	55.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/maxlexandre/	This game is now a kind of classic, it's fun and it spawned games like Starbound that will make more use of this style.So thanks for that, <3 Terraria.
Dys	Recommended	122.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/sadsausagedys/	After having put quite a few good hours into this game (and still going strong) I can say that it is worth the small price of getting it. Like some people, when I first came into Terraria, I exepcted something of a 2d Minecraft. After spending 40mins trying to figure out how to place a damn door, I realized that this really shouldn't be compared to Minecraft alone. This game feels like something of a hybrid between Minecraft and Legend of Zelda: A Link to the Past. Yes, it sounds strange to say that, but considering the items you can get, the boss battles, and the general atmosphere of the game, I feel that is pretty much what Terraria is. That being said, it is unique in a lot of ways and highly worth getting. It may be confusing, difficult, or frusterating at first (I didn't look at the wiki until at least a good 15 hours into it, so that might explain that), but once you pass that hump, it is quite enjoyable. Once again, it's worth getting.
🍆taran	Recommended	313.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198067719104/	Great game, tons of things to do, build, destroy, adventure, upgrade your tools, weapons, armour, and more. Recommend you get this. 10/10 overall.
Meymes	Recommended	26.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/meymes/	This game is like an old freind, you barely ever see it, but its a damn ♥♥♥♥ing fine piece of♥♥♥♥♥
Alanas-Senpai アラン	Recommended	165.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/alanassenpai/	5 more minutes...
[OCG] Zenithas (Moderator)	Recommended	78.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/khormin/	I still say that eight bit is a big upgrade over seven bit, and worth every penny.Grab your yoyo, because Irreverend Opinions is taking a spin in Terraria!---The BlurbA 2D, 8-bit sandbox game with endgame content, fully editable terrain, and plenty of content.  Terraria promises quite a substantial amount, and then delivers.The GoodThe graphics are 8-bit, but not 'cheap', with quite a bit of effort having been taken for the way things appear despite the low resolution.  Character customization is substantial, allowing for players to define who they want to appear as quickly and easily.Audio is decent, though the musical score may get repetitive after a time, cycling through different tracks for day and night, as well as for the different zones; night time deserts have a different sound to daylit jungles, to the Corruption in the rain, to the Hallow, etc.Equipment is varied and expansive, with an incredible number of tasks that a player can take, and tools to cover them.  A player could play as a gun-toting ninja dungeon raider, a demon-summoning architect of marble towers, a bee hunter, a fishing enthusiast, and more.At it's core, Terraria is about exploration, and covers this with an exhaustive terrain palette, with distinct features that prevent each zone from being a cut-out copy with different color hues.  Ice is slippery, sand falls when there's nothing to support it, jungles have thorns, etc.Exploring through caverns and tunnels is pleasantly alternating, allowing for players to traverse marble halls, granite caverns, lava pits, and more.  Treasure can be found in the form of minerals to craft tools from, unique stones to build with, lost chests of gold and equipment, plants to grow, and more.  As the game progresses, changes can occur to allow the player a chance at exploring new environments that are opened with the death of a particular boss, for example.Combat styles can be broken down into a number of equally-viable groups; yoyos (thanks to their partnership with One Drop Yoyos[onedropyoyos.com]), boomerangs, summons, swords, spears, bows, chainsaws, guns, flails, bombs, spells, and crossbows.  Pickaxes, hammers, and other tools are typically less viable for combat, but can still be used in a pinch.  Different weapons allow for alternate approaches to battle, and may give benefits such as heavy knockback, lazers flying off per swing, and so forth.Monsters are diverse, from the standard 'charge in and hit' to ranged attackers, spellcasters that can teleport, flying and burrowing brawlers, debuff and damage-over-time specialists, summoners, and more.  The AI typically has monsters seeking you despite all situations, though some will run when on low health, some will stop to collect treasure, and similar.Bosses are neither standardized nor just 'harder hitting normal monsters', giving a range of single-target juggernauts, multi-target swarms, bullet-hells, and brutes for players to try whittling down, or grouping up to fight together.  Rewards typically measure up to the challenge that has been overcome, allowing for a sense of progression through the game.Construction is quite in-depth, allowing players to complete projects of giant, labyrinthine towers with a lava-filled "eye a la Sauron", or sprawling castles, or farming fields, and more.  A set of simple 'mechanical' tools allow for some forms of automation, and enough different forms of material texture exist to allow a discerning builder immense free reign for their expression.Setting up a server to host a multiplayer game is exceptionally simple, both for "while online" and "long-running" server styles.  Resource usage is noticeably low, allowing players to enjoy their own server without fear of disconnecting friends from half a globe away, though latency does tend to parse poorly in transcontinental multiplayer.  PvP is possible in duel, free-for-all, and team-based combat, with items spattered through that can be used for competitive games akin to variations of 'capture the flag'.Developers are both friendly and active, having made numerous updates to the game project, including cross-referencing it to their other games.The BadWhile varied, the music selection per zone is limited, so staying put for something (like construction) can lead to the sound getting quite repetitive.A steep learning curve for new players, though mitigated by a helpful 'guide' who can tell you what you can build from materials you have.Despite the wide variety of textures and models, typically weapons, armor, and tools tend to homogenize at the top tier of play, neutralizing the customization on offer.Merciless with difficulty increases (such as the hardmode plateau), which can put off players who are easily discouraged.The UglyPlayers have no choice as to taking part in certain boss fights; various bosses will spontaneously spawn and attack regardless of player activity, location, or readiness.Bosses can appear at the player spawn point, allowing them to repeatedly kill players as they enter game.SuggestionsThe developers seem to actually pay attention to their customers, and have a steady update queue.  So, can't really say much for suggestion that the team doesn't already tackle.Perhaps linking the boss spawns to a certain gear score and/or time playing.  New players will be put off by finding that they just purchased a spawn-camping simulator.The SummaryEminently playable, more fun with friends.  8/10.---If you liked this review or want to see more recommended games, be sure to follow our curator group: Follow Original Curator Group 
mystic	Recommended	467.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/virtusmystic/	acually has fun bosses0/10 -Mojang
Lilbit	Recommended	194.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ALilbitCute/	great 2d sandbox game, can be challanging at first but eventually everything begins to become weak as ants! best played on new game ith multiple people/ friends
Max Bacon	Recommended	55.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/maxlexandre/	This game is now a kind of classic, it's fun and it spawned games like Starbound that will make more use of this style.So thanks for that, <3 Terraria.
DatPhireDoe	Recommended	82.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198085992232/	This game is god Nuff said inf/10
truck pumpin'	Recommended	199.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/rawrica/	Because life.
DSlay	Recommended	160.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/dslay/	Great Metroidvania stylish 2D RPG with resource gathering and building. Time well spent with this game.
ριℓє o Buttєяs★	Recommended	166.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/uhy6543t/	epic game and fun with friends
[Red λ]❤Hyper Mania❤	Recommended	386.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198176355419/	Product received for free
Freya Mánibrandr	Recommended	82.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Valerie-Valens/	When I first got this game, I thought it was a cute 2D side scrolling take on Minecraft, but after really getting into it with friends and strangers alike, I found that this game has so much more to offer. When you fire this game up, make sure you have other plans, because you will end up spending all day on it.
Zappy Boi	Recommended	52.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/voodooboi/	Good game10\10
Peter	Recommended	302.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/00888001188811/	Awesome.epic.legendary 2D game buy it and play it with your friends .
Eggy San	Recommended	990.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kukucipsis/	When it comes to Terraria, I don't care how much time I spend on it. I just can't stop playing it. Such a fun and exciting game.And addictive as well. (wink) And after all this time I still look forward to new  updates and take time to explore all new stuff and changes. Devs are amazing too :3 I have a feeling that this game will be my favorite for many years to come :Terraria: Closing in on 1k hours and im not even suprised.
変態くん	Recommended	462.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/hentai_loli_neko_trap/	Be careful, game is addictive!!!
Alfredo Barr	Recommended	743.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198195841693/	It's a great game with a lot of replayability and very fun and complex's it's one of my favorite games and it's worth the money if u want to have a fun and very long game that will take ages if u don't know how to play but that's the fun part
Freya Mánibrandr	Recommended	82.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Valerie-Valens/	When I first got this game, I thought it was a cute 2D side scrolling take on Minecraft, but after really getting into it with friends and strangers alike, I found that this game has so much more to offer. When you fire this game up, make sure you have other plans, because you will end up spending all day on it.
DisgustinG	Recommended	223.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/DisgustinG/	This game looked like trash to me until i tryed it! Then i realised its a litle epic game with EXTREAMLY big content and so fun. Its sandbox like minecraft in 2D with more action, rare drops from enemyes and many crafting recepies and combinatios. Its super fun in singleplayer and its even more fun in multiplayer when palying with friend or joining public servers. Also its realy hard to tell all what this game offers just dont let this game go with out trying it!
Lordhappy	Recommended	5,610.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198051298345/	Amazing game.
Zappy Boi	Recommended	52.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/voodooboi/	Good game10\10
SoulZixHD	Recommended	130.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198101189194/	Sandbox,Adventure,2D,Crafting,SurvivalBetter than Minecraft.hhhhh10/10
§JDWMGB§	Recommended	293.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/CoolGuyJDWM/	Very fun game. Try expert mode for a bad time.
Datomi	Recommended	1,122.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198055341160/	I played it just a little bit, but I can already say that the game is really good. :)
pozertron	Not Recommended	788.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198043819385/	What are you doing here in the Negative Section? Go and buy the game already, it's the deal of a lifetime.
Randomguy406	Recommended	1,842.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TheUserThatGames/	Terraria is an amazing game, with very nice graphics, and a solid core loop.The sense of all your actions and attacks having weight is "heavily"* demonstrated, with every attack feeling like you actually hit your adversary.This game constantly re-engages you with a new playstyle, new world, new base, expert, the list goes on and on. I cannot express my recommendations to you fully. Buy this game, it will be worth it.*hoooooha*
Paarl	Recommended	406.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/paarl/	✓ Terraria > Minecraft 1.8 ✓
Captain Darling	Recommended	52.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198164537871/	One of the best games that i have played that is in my steam library, many hours of entertainment
BuvelleZz csgotheft.ru	Recommended	462.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/wowsosona/	Better then minecraft
The guy that you know(coolguy)	Recommended	105.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198144771162/	i recommend this game to people that likes a game that looks 2d but is still good to play offline and with your friends
Dan | Greuceanu	Recommended	460.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/greuceanu/	Old school RPG gaming is back. Zelda and Minecraft had a baby, and this baby is way better than anything out there. Definitely not a 2D Minecraft, Terraria stands on his own feet with pride, and proves that 2D can overcome 3D by its beauty and rich content. You will enjoy this, I can assure you, and your creation will have no boundaries! 10/10
Paul	Recommended	5.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/paulonsteam/	This is quite a nice indie game. It's really a sandbox type of game where you can just explore different places. The enemies are really mean and keep killing you. Especially the goo things. You will like it if you like exploring things. But I didn't see much of a story. Maybe I just need to play it longer.
Cpt.T	Recommended	767.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198154656077/	This game is one of the greatest games i ever played i will never stop playing to good mate
street light	Recommended	122.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198078987639/	A solid 60-80 hours of gameplay.Not bad at all for the price.Pretty easy to run.
[cC]culdren	Recommended	449.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197974978377/	i love this game it a nice game handles nice and the way that u can craft and build is always a bonus i would say this game is worth the money ... mine,build,craft,explore a huge map fight monsters there almost a little bit for every 1 ...
Delix	Recommended	1,333.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198057115992/	Not Worth 1000 Hours.
Immortan Johann	Recommended	65.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197992616758/	My friend is the builder and I am the scoutImmediately dig down through tunnelsFind a mirror that teleports you homeReach the lavaHear strange loud soundsEntire wall of flesh moves towards meTentacles reach for meActivate mirrorTentacles follow though mirrorGet slaughtered in my own home, in front of my friend, all the way from the depths of hell10/10 would seek revenge on the Wall of Cheekiness
TKH2000	Recommended	160.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198143446910/	This game is awsome - Dig- Get Ores- Build- kill bosses- Survive- Play Single player Multiplayer - 2D - Alot of Items- Enjoy :D
LockeProposal	Recommended	38.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/LockePro/	+ Very content-heavy, with lots of items, materials and weapons+ Great lighting effects for a 2D sidescroller+ Lots of vanity items+ Multiplayer server-play is solid and enjoyable+ Very, very high replayability- "Objectives" are not very clear at first- The tutorial NPC will try to murder youLockeProposal's Big Day OutCommunity GroupCurator PageSerious Steam Reviews subReddit 
RoyalGuardian7	Recommended	461.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/gempal/	I can do Honey Bath in this game.Edit :With the 1.3.0.0+ installment Patch, all hell break the loose in Terraria 1.3.My Body Is "NOT" ready for Alien Invasion.
RaptoR ADAMAS	Recommended	4.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/raptordaking/	This reminds me of Minecraft but I actually enjoy Terraria more. Huge amount of stuff to find and create!The real fun starts when you have 2 or more friends playing with you. Adventuring caves and killing zombies... that's what I like!
Mendozacheers	Recommended	379.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mendozacheers/	Terraria is a child born from the womb of the glorious Golden Age of Indie Games. Take well recieved mechanics from 2011 Indie bomb Minecraft and combine it with the notion of gameplay being prioritized rather than the best looking graphics - and Terraria is born. A Indie developer clearly took a very, Very demanded genre and turned it to a side-scroller with pixelated art-style. As expected, people called the game a "Minecraft clone" and an imposter, today that is completely unreasonable. It is to be expected when new games comes along with relations to previous Video Games that people will rant all day about it's similarities. Once a few years has past, you realize that there is Plenty of room for fresh ideas no matter the genre.Re-Logic did the logic thing and took a awesome game mechanic with high demands, and made something new with it. The entire Survival genre had been unknown territory until Minecraft triumphed along and showed people what can really be done with the right focus on gameplay and not graphics. The notion of starting out as a weakling, no armor, no weapons in a hostile, unknown world. Slowly progress to make your first tool, build a shelter, slaughter something for food. I think you can relate to that rewarding feeling when it feels like you have survived the first night, and you are a bit stronger than the day before.Terraria has mechanics that extend futher than the ones of Minecraft, namely it's RPG addition. You do not level up, but you will gradually evolve with more Health Points and progress through difficult enemy encounters, boss fights and challenging environments. Loot is also a factor in this game, you will find random chests that will cease your hunger for luxury weapons and items. The boss fights also provide as gateways, once beaten you will be able to craft one higher tier of armor, weapons and tools. Giving the game a progression system and a goal, and ultimately - an actual ending.There is a very long way throughout a complete game though. If you decide to play on the Large map size, it will take hours to find all the biomes on the surface, as well as countless of hours under ground and to some extent - in the clouds. The progression comes naturally, as you have to extend your mining, crafting and hunting opperation deeper and more further out, to proceed. When you are tired of mining, then hunt, when tired of hunting, build. Your small house will eventually grow to a massive fortress, even with NPC's players in it to help you in your journey.Something that I have not tried too much is the PVP mechanic of the game, which is also something unique with this game. You can essentially team up into up to 4 teams, and play your game while being under the threat of other players on the same world. Try and infiltrate the other team's base of opperation to slow their progress, or meet up for an epic PVP battle. Of course you can all choose to play coop and focus the imminent threat of the hostile world you are all in instead of fighting each other.As mentioned, new genres will go through a bumpy road before the community accepts it being a new genre. Survival games are no different. Today, a few years later, we see a lot of survival games, and we do not judge them for it. It is a very fun genre for Video Games, and Terraria is no different - You will spend 100+ hours into this game if you are into the genre. Few games have grabbed me as much as Terraria have, with over 300 hours in it and I have yet not done everything there is. The game is still getting updates too, not only on PC but the game is available on Playstation 3, Playstation Vita and even mobile devices. In the end, this game became a very successful title, today with a little "clone" of it's own - Starbound.Do pick this up if you are interested in survival games, you will not regret it! Terraria is also an excellent pixel-art building simulator. For the modern little brother, check out Starbound (Review) 
Awakeneer	Recommended	30.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/awakeneer/	Steam Charts doesn't lie.There is a reason why Terraria is so popular: infinite possibilities!You can play aggressively or peacefully;Let your creativity flow or start a quest for loot.There's room for everything!My only regret is that I didn't tried this game before.
tv/sonicbrandyn	Recommended	524.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/sonicbrandyn/	Ruins friendships and is great11/10 would scream at my friend while fighting a giant space worm with orbs shooting lazers at me again.
Big Deer	Recommended	1,131.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198041929730/	This is a wonderful game!There are many different things to do and i just really want to get to steam level 2
tv/sonicbrandyn	Recommended	524.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/sonicbrandyn/	Ruins friendships and is great11/10 would scream at my friend while fighting a giant space worm with orbs shooting lazers at me again.
TheaXL	Recommended	100.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/DangXL/	Great game, better with friends!
HrabriVitez	Recommended	13.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198094446946/	I have had this game since summer sale.. never played it until yesterday...i never realised how addictive this can be..Oh yeah i almsot forgot, everyhing is trying to kill you :DUpdate: now with achievements the game seems way more interesting!
[FT:R] MaxiumMeda	Recommended	542.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/MaxiumMeda/	You are a Steam noob if you don't have this. Trust me, I know.
Huey.K	Recommended	408.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jhkirk003/	OverviewTerraria is a 2D, pixel style, sandbox, survival game with some small RPG elements. You start off in a world where there are various different areas to explore. You can mine, build, explore, and fight bosses. There are many different items you can collect and use to progress through the game.OpinionsThis is an all time favorite of mine. I like how this game combines a sandbox survival with a linear style RPG game. The world is huge, even if you chose "Small World". I like how there are alternatives in the worlds so its not the same thing every time. This adds lots of replayability to the game. The multiplayer is really easy to set up since it has dedicated servers now. The community for this game is huge. There are millions of very loyal fans to this game, and I am definatly one of them. I see this game compared to minecraft alot because of it's art style, genre, and gameplay. Ill admit that there are lots of similarities, but I don't agree with people calling this game a 2D Minecraft. This game has more of an emphisis on linear gameplay, while Minecraft has practically none.RatingsGameplay: 5/5Replayability: 5/5Multiplayer: 5/5Value: 5/5ConclutionEven at full price, this game is a steal. There is so much content and so many different ways to play this game. As of 1.3, the game is pretty much finnished and won't see anymore major updates. But the final thing that develepers are working on is mod support, which will give the game even more replayability than it already has.
Tyleos	Recommended	174.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/tyleos/	Spiderman simulator 2015
Liam Kirby	Recommended	272.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198097950179/	Similar to Minecraft, exploring randomly generated worlds where you collect resources like wood, stone, ores, gems and various other things. On the surface it may look like a simple 2D clone of Minecraft, but it’s extremely easy to get lost in exploring the world of Terraria.Pro: Insane amount of things to do, retro presentation and deep crafting.Cons: Huge learning curve and the game starts off slow. I Recomend This And I Love It.
Luka Lisitsa	Recommended	151.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/racatanga/	Великолепная игра,которая затянет вас не на один десяток часов!
Young Meme	Recommended	75.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/wowsolikejustwow/	It is so freaking fun!!!! can't stop playing such a good game I think it might be better then minecraft.
Tyleos	Recommended	174.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/tyleos/	Spiderman simulator 2015
Trogtor	Recommended	517.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/trogtor/	I got terraria as a gift back in 2011 when the game first came out. At the time, the game was extremely bland but still had lots of gameplay. Re-Logic has gone back several times to create amazing updates for this game even after several times they said they were done with the game. I can surely tell you that 90% of what you see in this game was never around during the first build and it's truly amazing.This game is fun alone and with friends. If you do have friends though I extremely recomend getting them to play it, sett up some voice chat and see where the game takes you from there.
ChaosVoid.com - Twitterpated	Recommended	2,003.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/twitterpated/	Someone Gifted this to me. Then I gifted it to my family. Now I run four terraria tshock servers non stop. It just never stops!  
Luka Lisitsa	Recommended	151.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/racatanga/	Великолепная игра,которая затянет вас не на один десяток часов!
Baka	Recommended	364.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ItsGeppetto/	had this game since release, I have it on Xbox 360 , Xbox one and my Ipad. Does this prove that i like this game?
Levi	Recommended	97.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Levi3110/	I recommend this game to all!Why?It's a awesome game.It's a pixeled game,it's true.But who cares?It's still awesome.You can do everything you want.A lot of gamers say:,,I won't buy this game,is for kids like minecraft.''.Nope.It's not true,you can trade,fight with mobs and bosses,discover dungeons,build everything you want,craft objects from a lot of materials and all those in a few Mbs pixeled game.It's worth all those money.It has updates weekly and you will never discover bugs.You will never get bored,the game has borderless content.So?What are you waitng for?Buy it right now!You won't regret your decision.See you in the game ! :3This game is just A.W.E.S.O.M.E!
SABE	Recommended	0.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/12431245235234525/	Good game
Cyberpolice	Recommended	189.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ludnut/	Best game everrrrrr
I'm in Space!!!!	Recommended	315.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198220477800/	I went into this game mostly blind, I looked at it a little but I didn't know much about it. It looked like 2D Minecraft, and I hate Minecraft. But I heard it was good and it was $9.99, so I bought it. And I put my expectations low. But I enjoyed this game more than... I can't even come up with a comparison. This is my favorite game on Steam, no joke. This is what Minecraft should have been. This game is so jam-packed with content, you could literally spend over 50 days finding new items, weapons, pets, accessories, pickaxes, yoyo's, materials, magic items, the list goes on. And when you somehow get all the items, you can sill build amazing pixel art and buildings. This game has no end. At least not one I can see.
Erza Scarlet	Recommended	117.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/GanlarTrigais/	ist sehr lustig und macht spass man kann bauen was man möchte
ChaosVoid.com - Twitterpated	Recommended	2,003.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/twitterpated/	Someone Gifted this to me. Then I gifted it to my family. Now I run four terraria tshock servers non stop. It just never stops!  
Trogtor	Recommended	517.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/trogtor/	I got terraria as a gift back in 2011 when the game first came out. At the time, the game was extremely bland but still had lots of gameplay. Re-Logic has gone back several times to create amazing updates for this game even after several times they said they were done with the game. I can surely tell you that 90% of what you see in this game was never around during the first build and it's truly amazing.This game is fun alone and with friends. If you do have friends though I extremely recomend getting them to play it, sett up some voice chat and see where the game takes you from there.
Friz	Recommended	200.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/FrizSteam/	One of the best games on Steam that everyone needs to buy. It is one giant sandbox and you can explore wherever you want. Dig to the bottom of the world, or fly all the way up to space. Building up your character from your basic clothes and pickaxe, into some of the games best equipment feels very rewarding. Lots of random events keep things fresh. You never know what will happen in each game world day (or night). Building a base of operations is another highlight. There are hundreds of different items you can use to build a house, or whatever you want, to store all your treasures you have found throughout the game. You also need to build a place for all the NPCs to stay. They offer lots of different items you can buy from them, so its important that you don't drop them off into a lava pit somewhere (besides the Guide).There are over 10 bosses in the game and they all provide a great challenge that you need to be well prepared for. They also drop some of the game's best loot and defeating them is a requirement in order to progress through the game. There are so many different equipment combinations you can use in the game, that everyone has a different strategy for each boss. Fight them however you want. Build a giant arena for an epic fight, create a complex trap system to kill the boss in, or shoot them from long range with your laser pistol. Anything is possible.Each time you create a world, it is randomly generated. This means no 2 worlds will have anything in the same places. There are also lots of mods for the game for when you want to try something different. Some overhaul the game drastically and are very worth checking out.The game can easily last you hundreds of hours. Especially if you are playing with friends.
Huey.K	Recommended	408.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jhkirk003/	OverviewTerraria is a 2D, pixel style, sandbox, survival game with some small RPG elements. You start off in a world where there are various different areas to explore. You can mine, build, explore, and fight bosses. There are many different items you can collect and use to progress through the game.OpinionsThis is an all time favorite of mine. I like how this game combines a sandbox survival with a linear style RPG game. The world is huge, even if you chose "Small World". I like how there are alternatives in the worlds so its not the same thing every time. This adds lots of replayability to the game. The multiplayer is really easy to set up since it has dedicated servers now. The community for this game is huge. There are millions of very loyal fans to this game, and I am definatly one of them. I see this game compared to minecraft alot because of it's art style, genre, and gameplay. Ill admit that there are lots of similarities, but I don't agree with people calling this game a 2D Minecraft. This game has more of an emphisis on linear gameplay, while Minecraft has practically none.RatingsGameplay: 5/5Replayability: 5/5Multiplayer: 5/5Value: 5/5ConclutionEven at full price, this game is a steal. There is so much content and so many different ways to play this game. As of 1.3, the game is pretty much finnished and won't see anymore major updates. But the final thing that develepers are working on is mod support, which will give the game even more replayability than it already has.
Liam Kirby	Recommended	272.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198097950179/	Similar to Minecraft, exploring randomly generated worlds where you collect resources like wood, stone, ores, gems and various other things. On the surface it may look like a simple 2D clone of Minecraft, but it’s extremely easy to get lost in exploring the world of Terraria.Pro: Insane amount of things to do, retro presentation and deep crafting.Cons: Huge learning curve and the game starts off slow. I Recomend This And I Love It.
JimboSlice	Recommended	628.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198165580819/	This game is possibly the best sandbox game I have ever put my hands on. You can get lost in singleplayer so easily, there is so much to do. It looks like a simple game but don't be fooled, there is alot of depth to this game which is why I love it so much.
AsheyBear58	Recommended	393.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198042030849/	Murdaler you friends and blow up your world. this game has so much pixely fun. you can do stuff from murdering things over 9,000 times your size to harmless grasshoppers. theres lots of crafting, fighting, adventuring, and fishing. If you don't have this game you tecnicly don't have a life. I'd say this is my fav. game ever and WARNING do not expect this to be like minecraft.
Green	Recommended	131.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/greenlemonade/	EVERYONE should try this game for a bit.  Most will love it, especially when sharing the experiance with friends.
Lone Griever	Recommended	651.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198132958660/	terraria is an awesome fun packed game. you can build mine kill and play multiplayer.
I'm in Space!!!!	Recommended	315.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198220477800/	I went into this game mostly blind, I looked at it a little but I didn't know much about it. It looked like 2D Minecraft, and I hate Minecraft. But I heard it was good and it was $9.99, so I bought it. And I put my expectations low. But I enjoyed this game more than... I can't even come up with a comparison. This is my favorite game on Steam, no joke. This is what Minecraft should have been. This game is so jam-packed with content, you could literally spend over 50 days finding new items, weapons, pets, accessories, pickaxes, yoyo's, materials, magic items, the list goes on. And when you somehow get all the items, you can sill build amazing pixel art and buildings. This game has no end. At least not one I can see.
Tyleos	Recommended	174.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/tyleos/	Spiderman simulator 2015
Fesho	Recommended	1,603.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198136324578/	Wake up. brush your terraria. Eat your Terraria. Drive your Terraria to Terraria. Punch your annoying colleauge with Terraria. Eat Terraria again. Drive your Terraria home. Play your Terraria. Drive your Terraria to dinner. Play the not as amazing phone version of Terraria because you cant take your computer to the resturaunt. Drive your Terraria home. Brush your Terraria. Dream of Terraria...
Coco	Recommended	1,027.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198049036335/	What an excellent game! There's so much to explore and to achieve - you really can't stop digging just to see what's around the next corner. Especially with the new major patch coming up in summer 2013 and adding tons of new content, this game is truely worth buying.Edit: Almost 2018 and they're still working on new content!
JimboSlice	Recommended	628.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198165580819/	This game is possibly the best sandbox game I have ever put my hands on. You can get lost in singleplayer so easily, there is so much to do. It looks like a simple game but don't be fooled, there is alot of depth to this game which is why I love it so much.
Easelm	Recommended	271.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/easelm/	GeneralTerraria is a survival 2D RPG with free content updates, randomly generated worlds, and overall a masterpiece done right. Build, dig, chop, fight and survive are the 5 major elements in Terraria. Enemies that are small, to major bosses, you'll have your hands tied in an experience so great you don't want to stop playing.Terraria has proven to be one of the best 2D survival games for its multiplayer to play with friends, down to the part where it can be very hardcore to master. Terraria also has simple character creation, basically changing the color of your character's hair, body, etc.Building in Terraria is very basic and honestly great at times. Kill bosses to unlock npcs, build traps to protect your home from invasions or master it all with endgame gear. Yes, that's right: gear. Terraria has thousands of items to sell, keep or fight with. If you think you've done it all, re-think that.With a new team re-developing Terraria, they have made the expectations high for Terraria: reworking a lot of in-game features and adding brand new features like fishing or mounts to make you play even longer!My OpinionStill actively developed, Terraria is just one of those overwhelming games, if you've experienced it. Character creation is basic, which why would it be crazy? Half the armor you get in-game will basically cover your character up. Multiplayer is fun  when you play with friends, basically creating great structures, down to owning bosses. Terraria has been one of my favorite, well put together games ever since it released and when it was picked up to be continued via development.Thousands of items to collect, hundreds of bosses to kill, possibly thousands of enemies to conquer, and world changing difficult experiences.Terraria will keep you playing for a long time.OverallI have no complaints. Terraria is a great game overall.Rating: 10/10
Gizmodious	Recommended	267.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198127479146/	This is a great game. to explain, I'm going to answer some things most people who don't recommend it complain about. first off, the 2d-minecraft thing. Terraria is just NOT 2d-minecraft. for starters, the gameplay is so much more interesting.  The focus is more on combat and conquering, rather than building, though making an amazing base still gives you a feeling of importance and grandeur. The game has a lot more variety of enemies, bosses, and items. Theres only about 20 different potions in minecraft, and there's more than thrice that in terraria. there is also a larger variety of weapons and armor, along with set bonuses to compliment the class or style of play you enjoy.    Some people also complain there is no clear story, or maybe the controls are too hard. While terraria may not have the best story, sometimes jumping from 1 event to another without much to fill in that space, the game isn't really centered around the story that much. There are PLENTY of games that don't really have a story, but are still good and fun to play. And also, the controls aren't that hard. The game has a little bit of a steep learning curve at the VERY start, but once you get the controls down, the game starts evening out, balancing the newfound confusion.     And of course, "What do I do next?". This is rather simple, that is YOUR choice! terraria is a sandbox, limited only by your equipment, and even then not that much. The world is your canvas, so paint it red, yellow, orange, or whatever. Just remember, this is YOUR world so do what you want, when you want, and how you want.    Though I couldn't just leave out multiplayer. Playing with friends cooperatively or competitively makes the game twice as interesting and fun! Be it slaying a hard boss with teamwork, or playing Capture the Gem against multiple people, the game gets you even more invested. Using mechanics you can make many different minigames to play with your friends, which will easily get you over 200 hours.    I sincerely hope you get this game, it is very addicting and very fun with friends or family. 10/10 is my rating for this game and I hope you agree with me. If you have not bought this game, buy it now. the price is amazing for the amount of play you will get out of it. :D
IrresponsibleCaptNathan	Recommended	526.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/IrresponsibleCaptNathan/	Excellent game with endless hours of fun even in singleplayer. This game will make you lose sleep.
Uyển Muội	Recommended	0.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/2255654574454245/	nice game
JL.BarryAllenTheFlash.Ceccy	Recommended	718.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198018734070/	Terraria is such a great game and is way more complex than Minecraft. The game goes on for a long time and there are ways to challenge yourself as well. Even after finishing the game multiple times I can't stop going back to it. So much fun.
Lucky Thirteen	Recommended	734.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/no13/	Recommended!
LuckyLucas	Recommended	1,219.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/theluckylucas/	help.
Proncus	Recommended	57.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Proncus/	theres grass
markmetis	Recommended	257.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/markmetis/	Great work developer! I love all content of this game
Shu.｡:+*	Recommended	72.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Sinonon_/	♥♥♥ This is my journey ♥♥♥Playing from Morning until Morning.
Crumch	Recommended	243.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/freesupplydrops/	If you play this game with a freind it is a little better, but either way it's a great game! Once you defeat the boss that gets you into hardmode, it's not lying, the game gets harder. But not to worry you will survive if you aren't a noob like me. There's not too much replayability, doing the same thing over and over can get a little boring, but you can mix it up with some challenges and stuff. But if you want a game you can play untill you're gray, look elsewhere!
sDenniz	Recommended	23.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/sDenniz/	It's a really cool game to play with friends.  :3
Bloodlordt	Recommended	86.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Bloodlordt/	If you start playing Terraria is really confusing in the first place. The crafting system is a bit strange since everything is really small and you need a lot of different workplaces to craft different stuff. Secondly you dont really know what to do, so you start digging and build a house, maybe you find the first NPC. Then you craft your first stuff and kill some enemies ... still it doesnt make any sence.But then, suddenly there is an event or the first random boss spawn and you cry like a baby, running from the boss or the mobs. Now you now, i have to get better equipment and you start discovering the caves and somehow find some chests with nice items and now you feel ready to kill everything. You encounter the boss you lost before and kill him, thats fantastic!!!!But, oh no, whats that? There is another boss and youre where you startet the boss before. After a while you understand how to craft, you get good equip and youre ready to face the monsters in the underworld. After beating the wall of flesh you feel like a campion, but then you realize ... that was just the beginning!!!!Beside this unbelieveable good 2D action, there are so much cute and funny things that make you laught all the time you play. The cute and lovingly created skins for your character and the sheer endless opportunities to style your houses and rooms, the NPCs and all the different enemys.All this makes Terraria a ♥♥♥♥ing great game and i enjoyed playing it a lot!10/10
Rubenzz25	Recommended	101.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Rubenzz25/	Terraria brings you a very impressive 2D adventure game. Its simple gameplay design, brightly coloured world and the ability to shape an entire village with actual NPCs make it a decent game. What makes it a great game however, is the enormously expansive amount of things there are to be found in Terraria. The lots of bosses, special events every few in-game days and an absolute boatload of items increased Terraria's play-a-bility enormously for me; even after more than 35 hours, I feel that I haven't even seen 10% of the entire game. Lastly, the cooperative system in Terraria is very decently executed, although server issues will sometimes ensue. Definitely a must-buy if you're a fan of Minecraft!
ХМГЕ	Recommended	664.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/XMGE/	Product received for free
YAGAMI	Recommended	202.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Onlyhalfdead/	i love it
xenomus	Recommended	548.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/xenomus/	Alright, I always wanted this game back in 2012ish when my friend showed it on his laptop. I played it with joy. My laptop couldn't run it, but i always read the patch notes and stuff and hyped me up til i upgraded my hardware. Honestly, this game is relatively cheap with this AMAZING content. I'm surprised that it's been years and developers are still throwing those amazing big updates, which always lets me relive Terraria world with spicy new stuff.Not only the developers are very very good, but the community is NUTTY. There are ALOT of crazy good mods like Calamity, Tremor, Spirit etc etc. I am really surprised on how much people put work on it. Most of them would really fit into the original game! Seriously, this game is great and without a doubt I'm recommending it to buy.
HrznKn	Recommended	480.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/HrznKn/	This game might not seem like much to look at at first, but it is simply incredible.If you are a fan of the survival / crafing&building game genre you won't be disappointed.A large amount of monsters/bosses to fight, build massive fortresses, craft a huge number of armor/weapons/potions and furniture to decorate your base with... Great fun to be had, solo or with friends! 
wet noodle	Recommended	530.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/totaIweeb/	yes
󰀨 Terra M Welch	Recommended	2,677.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/welchdrew/	Changing my review a bit to something more informative I suppose.The way I feel about this game and minecraft. For those who just TLDR... This game is more enjoyable then minecraft in my opinion. Allow me to show my opinions in some personal pros and cons on each game.Pros are marked with "o"sCons are marked with "x"s==========Terraria==========o - Loads of fun, so many different ways to playo - Many different bosses, and an expert mode to make them hardero - Re-Logic makes quality updates that have huge amounts of content, and updates I look forward to.o - I don't need mods to enjoy it.o - Has a great community.o - Expert mode is great.x - Many of the games drops are dependant on RNG, which can get annoying.x - PvP is very unbalanced.==========Minecraft==========o - Allows you to return to older versionso - Has Minecraft Forge for moddingx - Jeb and Dinnerbone make garbage updates and make changes that aren't needed, such updates that make me wan to strangle a kitten.x - Requires playing mods on old versions just to be enjoyable.x - Has a rubbish community.
Fuzbol	Recommended	130.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/FuzbolSteam/	A great game with LOTS of things to do.
PaulTheCarman	Recommended	133.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/PaulTheCarman/	I used to think MInecraft was the best sandbox game I had ever played. I spent hours upon hours doing the same mundane things over and over again in every new game I started.Then I played Terraria.Terraria is, hands down, an INCREDIBLY better experience that Minecraft. It is definitely NOT a Minecraft clone, and the people who think that haven't invested 100+ hours in the game like I have. (Yes, I know my profile doesn't say 100...I spent alot of my time playing this game without the Steam overlay)Let me start off the review with some pros: Bosses-There are more than 20 bosses in the game, and they are all difficult when you first encounter them in the game. Some bosses you may not meet at all during your first game. Some will be too hard for you to do alone, so you'll need a friend. Replayability-You can play through the game a dozen times and get a different experience each and every time, from the world you get to the weapons you use or find. Weapons-There are hundreds, maybe thousands, of weapons in the game for you to choose from. As a result, you don't work your way up to the single, most OP weapon in the game and then stop progressing (cough cough, diamond swords, cough cough). You experiment with different weapons and come up with the one that best suits your own playstyle, because each weapon has its own characteristics. Playstyles-There are different ways to play the game! You can choose from a variety of different armors, weapons and accessories that best suit your own playstyle, and still win against bosses or in PVP just as much as anyone else! You are not limited to one set of armor or weapon (snort, cough diamond armor + diamond sword cough snicker) in order to be great at the game, and this allows for an infinite number of ways to play the game. Sandbox-Terraria is a sandbox, and like any sandbox, there are hundreds of blocks to choose from in order to build whatever your heart desires, from a cozy house to an enormous turd. Game difficulty-There are multiple different ways to customize how hard you want your game to be. You can set your character difficulty and your world difficulty depending on your playstyle in order to make the game as easy or as hard as you want. World Hopping-Because there are thousands of different items in Terraria, and some are more rare than others, you may not be able to get a certain item you want in your world. Instead of just being stuck without that item like in Minecraft, you can make a new world and take your character into other worlds! You are not limited to staying in one single world and, if you so choose, can have ten worlds for your same character to live in.Although I love this game, I would be unfair if I didn't include a cons section to this review, because no game is perfect. Lack Of Updates-Since Terraria's release in May 2011 (A full six months before Minecraft was released), it has only had three major updates, with a few minor updates sprinkled in. In between versions 1.2 and 1.3, there was two whole years of absolute silence from the developers about game updates. However, 1.3 proved to be the greates update in the history of Terraria, so, I guess it all comes down to your preference of quantity and quality. T Rating-If your parents were like mine, they did not allow many games with a T rating, especially with a rating like the one slapped on Terraria. If any parents are reading this, I urge you to make an exception for this game. The "Suggestive Themes" found in the game are extremely minor, and the "Use of Alchohol" is very limited too. The only thing parents may find offensive is the "Blood and Gore" part of the rating. Killing most enemies and NPCs does reveal some gore and blood, but this can be turned off in the video settings of the options menu. I don't believe this game deserves a T rating, but that is what it has, and it has turned many parents to the friendly E10+ arms of MInecraft. No Creative Mode-Although I don't really care about having a creative mode, I have included this because I want to present an honest review. There is no creative version of the game to test out features, to explore a new world and, perhaps most important for people, to build endlessly. A creative version of the game has been discussed and kicked around by the developers, but at the time of this review, there is no creative mode in Terraria. The End?-Terraria is coming to a close. Since the most recent major update, 1.3 in June 2015, there has only been a few minor updates to the game, the most recent being in 2016. It is well known that the original creator of the game has left the developer team to work on a new game in the same Terraria universe called "Terraria Otherworld", which bears a strong resemblance to the original game. However, the most recent screenshots for this in-development game was released in 2015, and no news had been released since. Whether the devs have given up on the game or are still working on it in quiet remains to be seen, but all this drama seems clear to me that Terraria may not be recieving any new major updates.TL;DR:This game is phenomenal. It presents a much more fun and customizable experience than any player could imagine. I consider this to be a much better game than Minecraft has to offer, and I highly encourage you to buy this game. I truly hope this will not be the end of Terraria, but a new beginning with Terraria Otherworld. Thank you for reading my review, and I hope you get as much laughter, joy, excitement and adrenaline as I got out of this gem of a game.
-Tole-	Recommended	1,816.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198076086091/	First of all, this game is amazing. It is almost perfect and you should buy it, 10$ or on sale for 2$, right now.However, I just want to address a single, small complaint that I have for this game: The RNG (for dropping items anyway).Sometimes you can be trying to get an item from an enemy with a 1/100 chance of dropping. Except for the fact that you have terrible luck and you are stuck farming for 3 hours trying to get that item, and it can get super boring. Why not make it so you have a 1/100 chance of getting it, but on the 100th kill, it is a guarenteed drop if you did not already recieve it. That way you would never be stuck farming for long periods of time.That is all I have to say. Please do yourself a favor and get this game right now if you did not already.
Isabelle	Recommended	2,020.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/hotmail555/	could be better
Oyan	Recommended	120.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/OyanEnSteam/	115 hours played, incredible game. If you ever start to play will standPD: It's a game too fun with friends .
Marian '1r0nyBG' Ivanov	Recommended	434.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/marianivanovofficial/	Good to see somebody is reading this review. Terraria is a Sandbox game, where you can Dig, Fight and Build. Making it trough the whole game is hard, but fun sometimes. There are few classes you can choose to beat the game. Mele; Range; Summoner; Magic; Yoyo. One of the easiest is Summoner, atlest in my opinion. After every boss has be defeated it spanws a NPC. Some NPC's could be found around the biomes. You can even play with Mods, if you are that kind of player who likes modded games, just to make it harder. The game worth it's money and time.Questions:What is 'Sandbox' game?What is 'Biome' means?Answers:Sandbox is a game where you can have options. The options can be Building, Dig / Mine, Fight, Spread and what ever the game offers you to do. You aways have a choice on what you gonna do.Biomes are like seasons in life. Every biome has its monsters and items to farm.
KregJoke	Recommended	1,001.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/KregJoke/	This game... This game kinda changed my life a little bit and i am grateful for that. Thanks Re-Logicily
iCobrettii	Recommended	607.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/icobrettii/	I've spent so much time on this game it's almost unreal. You can do almost anything here, without getting bored. Fight giant bosses, create massive fortresses, anything you want to do can be done here, and that's with just the base game. With mods and friends, you can be stuck on this game for years (Like me)
Yami	Recommended	68.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/FlexenSteam/	This game is one of a kind. I have played endless hours of this wonderous game, I have spent countless days and nights slaying bosses & happily helping out friends. I am just astounded on how much this game has to offer. I reccommend this for all ages. This game will overtake Minecraft without a doubt.
TortillaALaMode	Recommended	981.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198048474168/	great game thousands of hours of fun
AutoDead	Recommended	544.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/4ut0D34d/	Nice game
Shadows	Recommended	606.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198060326232/	Still, Terraria is a great adventure, one of the best sandbox games around, and an absolute steal for ten bucks on Steam. It's well worth checking out for anyone, regardless of how they feel about Minecraft. Despite having one fewer dimension, Terraria hides greater depth than its 3D cousin.
xenomus	Recommended	548.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/xenomus/	Alright, I always wanted this game back in 2012ish when my friend showed it on his laptop. I played it with joy. My laptop couldn't run it, but i always read the patch notes and stuff and hyped me up til i upgraded my hardware. Honestly, this game is relatively cheap with this AMAZING content. I'm surprised that it's been years and developers are still throwing those amazing big updates, which always lets me relive Terraria world with spicy new stuff.Not only the developers are very very good, but the community is NUTTY. There are ALOT of crazy good mods like Calamity, Tremor, Spirit etc etc. I am really surprised on how much people put work on it. Most of them would really fit into the original game! Seriously, this game is great and without a doubt I'm recommending it to buy.
RÜTY	Recommended	838.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198047753350/	The cheapest game I have on here, yet the one which I've spent the most hours playing.
Lord Smoker	Recommended	1,185.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198032774666/	I've spent 700+ hours on this game, and I'm still not bored of it.
Enigmatic One	Recommended	284.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Enigmatic01/	I just realized I never wrote a review for this lol.It's a 2D open world game where you start off with nothing. You build stuff and mine / dig undergound, find materials and items and make stuff with it. It's simple yet extremely difficult, and there's so many things to combine and create in this game it's ridiculous. I've never played Minecraft but a lot of people say this is like the 2D version of that game, so if you're into that kind of thing, then this is for you. I spent 245+ hours of nothing but digging / exploring, building / crafting, and slaying. Such a ridiculously addicting game, super time consuming, and later in the game when it gets harder and harder it feels like the game is pressuring you to team up with people, but I've mostly done everything by myself. It's actually hard from the beginning because the game basically just throws you in the world with nothing and says "Here you go, have fun" and with low health and no armor..... you will die, there's no avoiding it lol. When I first started I was like WTF IS GOING ON, but I got the hang of it. It's super fun. I honestly don't know what else to say. Just know that this game has sucked 245+ hours of my soul, and hopefully that is convincing enough for you lol.Infinite / Infinite
Fuzbol	Recommended	130.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/FuzbolSteam/	A great game with LOTS of things to do.
Isabelle	Recommended	2,020.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/hotmail555/	could be better
FaQy	Recommended	314.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198047663928/	Good Game 10/10
⊱xsolasquid⊰	Recommended	23.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Theflyinsquid123/	It's pretty cool once you start it, I reccomend this game with everything.
Rayno	Recommended	1,503.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198131563392/	Very nice game, so much to do, good mods, i rate 10/10 :D
Yami	Recommended	68.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/FlexenSteam/	This game is one of a kind. I have played endless hours of this wonderous game, I have spent countless days and nights slaying bosses & happily helping out friends. I am just astounded on how much this game has to offer. I reccommend this for all ages. This game will overtake Minecraft without a doubt.
Lord Smoker	Recommended	1,185.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198032774666/	I've spent 700+ hours on this game, and I'm still not bored of it.
EcKs Dee	Recommended	151.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198148886453/	i love this game
Enigmatic One	Recommended	284.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Enigmatic01/	I just realized I never wrote a review for this lol.It's a 2D open world game where you start off with nothing. You build stuff and mine / dig undergound, find materials and items and make stuff with it. It's simple yet extremely difficult, and there's so many things to combine and create in this game it's ridiculous. I've never played Minecraft but a lot of people say this is like the 2D version of that game, so if you're into that kind of thing, then this is for you. I spent 245+ hours of nothing but digging / exploring, building / crafting, and slaying. Such a ridiculously addicting game, super time consuming, and later in the game when it gets harder and harder it feels like the game is pressuring you to team up with people, but I've mostly done everything by myself. It's actually hard from the beginning because the game basically just throws you in the world with nothing and says "Here you go, have fun" and with low health and no armor..... you will die, there's no avoiding it lol. When I first started I was like WTF IS GOING ON, but I got the hang of it. It's super fun. I honestly don't know what else to say. Just know that this game has sucked 245+ hours of my soul, and hopefully that is convincing enough for you lol.Infinite / Infinite
Yult	Recommended	743.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198057249587/	“And in the end you have to ask yourself, did I get $10 worth of entertainment from this game? My answer: Hell yes” -Alterheld
NexusKore	Recommended	2,216.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198096840806/	very good game, i love the way it looks, the music and the open world
Ginger Ale	Recommended	128.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/tposeofficial/	This is one of the best games I have ever played in a long time. It's extremely addicting if you get the hang of it. The fact that it's so well made and the creators put a crap ton of time and effort into it makes it even better. Once again, one of the best games I have every seen in a very long time.
=Xx_NepneP_xX=	Recommended	27.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/northlnwza/	worth every pennies u bought this game whenever it sale season or noteven i didnt play for a years i still goes back to this sandbox
¯\_ツ_/¯	Recommended	685.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/apasiel/	One of the best games i have ever played.
初音ミク	Recommended	559.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/83197/	SCORES BASED ON SINGLE-PLAYER ONLY------------------Graphics: 4.2/5Sound: 4.9/5Design: 5/5Replayability: 2.5/5 in general, 3.9/5 after sig. update------------------Building: 3.7/5Exploration: 4.4/5Combat: 5/5------------------Overall: 4.3/5Terraria, truly, is the type of game that can be viewed, among other things, as an "experience" in and of itself. If you take it for what it attempts to be, it is absolutely a near masterpiece; not on the same level as design paragons such as Team Fortress 2, but, all things considered, there is no game quite like Terraria.Fire and foremost, Terraria's most major strength is how its combat plays out. It's clear that Redigit had one goal in mind when creating this game: To allow the player to have as much fun as possible, limitations and logic disregarded. Every single weapon, armor, and accessory in this game is unique in its own way. Terraria strays from the ever-too-common (and, to be frank, rather boring) path of a linear upgrade of tools based on mining materials and crafting new items from them in a way singular to the genre. With so many various ways of dishing out pain and making your own character hardier, faster, more agile, or more powerful, combined with the ability to switch between any weapon instantaneously, it's no wonder that Terraria's combat is so enjoyable. As a result of these things, we have a game that's fast-paced with a surprisingly high amount of thought and skill able to be invested into it.When it really comess down to it, though, Terraria's best (and most challenging) combat-related quirk has to be its wonderful bosses. Remember when you first fought the Wall of Flesh? Jumping and flying backwards desperately, avoiding lasers and firing your own as leeches leapt from the ground, practically biting at your feet? THAT... is the type of thing you can expect from Terraria's bosses. It practically plays like an action movie. On a Small world, one could easily cover half or more of the map fighting just a single one of the hardmode bosses, with every little bit of it being intense and action-packed. These guys certainly keep you on your feet, and, if you want to be victorious, you'll have to make the proper preparations... both mental and physical. The bosses are no pushovers.Terraria's other major strong point is in how the game itself is designed. In fact, one could say that this point in particular has clearly had a lot more thought invested in it from the developers, but, as far as the player is concerned, the combat plays much more into enjoyability. Anyway, if you take a step back and reflect on both the minor and major details... the progression of the game, the extent to which it has been fleshed out... you'll find that there's quite a lot to love. I've garnered quite a bit of respect for the Terraria developers on this notion alone. For example, think about how your character grows and develops; both movement and combat capabilities. You start off the game slow and weak, with little means to maneuver around enemies or caves. As such, you're forced to be careful with how you dig, tackle enemies, and explore the many underground caverns of your world. You won't be able to jump very high, so you have to make do with parkouring blocks or using wood platforms to get back up. Not much later into the game, you'll probably get your first bit of rope. With this new and fascinating tool, your caving has been simplified somewhat, at least vertically; by placing climable ropes, getting in and out of your mine will be much easier and safer.To save explanation time, later, you get things like the Hermes boots, rocket boots, cloud in a bottle, etc., all of which change the way you can move around your world. Not only that, but this ties back into combat as well; changing how the player character can move affects their possible strategies and fighting fitness as well. It results in a strange sort of "progression" based entirely on gear alone that stands out among other types of progression. In terms of how the enemies and environments need to adapt to this, the developers totally accounted for it.That's not all, of course. A good example of a small detail would be how the biome and wall backgrounds are designed. The layering and method/style in which they are drawn creates a feeling of 3D-ness in a completely 2D game, which is something to be commended. The one place where this game may be lacking is in replayability, although you could probably make an argument for that, too. Although there are many ways to play through the game, thanks to the sheer number of ways you can acquire useful items and the various distinct areas the game has to offer, a character is certainly a bit of a time investment. Getting to endgame could easily take several days, which is really more a good thing than bad. However, this means that, once the game has revealed all its tricks, there is really no value in playing it through the exact same way twice.I think I've said enough. Overall, Terraria wins out against its competitors, Minecraft included, by keeping a focused concept and having some of the most amazing game design possible. If you've come for the combat, do it. For $9.99, you can own and play indefinitely one of the greatest games ever made, in my opinion. Don't even wait for a sale; ten dollars isn't a lot. Terraria is more than worth it, and you're only hurting yourself by putting off playing it.
Gutz	Recommended	310.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198088661941/	This game is packed full of endless content to experience and gives you an exploration feel to it.This game has these things in it:-Bosses (Pre-Hardmode and Hardmode)  -Challenging, Epic battles that require strategy in order to beat-Different biomes   -Fun to explore, some will really tick you off though like the dungeon or the underground jungle -Crafting -Tons of different weapons and items to equip, there are different crafting stations for different things (F.E Alchemy Station is to craft potions, Anvil's are to craft weapons from different ores)-Some things you can equip on yourself like boots that make you run insanely fast or a shield to prevent knockback-NPC's -I love NPC's in this game, its not like in minecraft where they seem useless, there are multiple NPC's you can get that either sell things, give a service, or give quests to players- You get NPC's by building a house, and meeting certain requirements which is challenging to get them all10/10This game packs many hours into your time and its well worth it, I would go on forever about this game but it probably wouldnt fit in this review! Thanks for reading this :D 
rukonko	Recommended	87.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198050179275/	Very good game.I bought it for 1.99euro and I´m pretty happy about it.I recomende it for 100% :-)
JanickGers0	Recommended	1,491.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/JanickGers0/	Explore the darkest corners of your mind to build wonderful creations, and find out just how skillful you are with the well paced and beautifully designed boss battles. The perfect combination of a building game and an ARPG-Platformer. I think of Terraria as an upgraded Minecraft mixed with an upgraded Torchlight II. It is a wonderful experience that any gamer should have, or at least try out. Give it a go, you won't regret it!EDIT: this was written two years ago, and now I've come to play it for over 1000 hours, and I still get back to it from time to time, with the same impact and the same addictive gameplay that I know and love. The devs keep adding amazing content to it and the game never ends, you can play it forever and enjoy every minute of it. This is why I nominated Terraria for the "Test of Time" award.
დ Levannah დ	Recommended	81.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Levannah/	Simple, fun, entertainting. Lose hours destroy a whole planet build fight zombies LURVE IT
trcar	Recommended	26.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/trcarboy/	Terraria is better than minecraft
¯\_ツ_/¯	Recommended	685.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/apasiel/	One of the best games i have ever played.
Ginger Ale	Recommended	128.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/tposeofficial/	This is one of the best games I have ever played in a long time. It's extremely addicting if you get the hang of it. The fact that it's so well made and the creators put a crap ton of time and effort into it makes it even better. Once again, one of the best games I have every seen in a very long time.
=Xx_NepneP_xX=	Recommended	27.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/northlnwza/	worth every pennies u bought this game whenever it sale season or noteven i didnt play for a years i still goes back to this sandbox
Shadelight	Recommended	510.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/recurseheather/	Incredible game, which has a thing for everyone. You can do anything you want - explore the mysterious underground caves, search for hidden loot, build pretty structures and pixel art, hunt down rare monsters, try to get your hands on rare weapons and artefacts, defend your home from invading enemies, make a town with tons of villagers to attract, fight tons of diverse bosses with unique loot and abilities, enjoy yourself fishing for random rewards, etc.  For just 5$, the game is really overkill - i'd give it 10-15$ tbh, just for the giant progress that it made since the initial release. Also note, that the awesome updates Cenx, Crowno, Yoraiz0r and others give us are completely free! And they are surely gonna support the game even after Terraria: Otherworld will be out.  If you really wanted a game where you could build, find rare stuff and murder giant bosses, then this game is for you!10/10 ~Crixalis
Scarface	Recommended	711.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/PERS3US/	One of the best games i've played
It'sLikeClockwork	Recommended	892.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/47H3157/	I'll be blunt, this game is a MASTERPIECE.  I've went through 500 hours of building, multiplayer, boss grinding, and singleplayer.  You might think you can beat the game in maybe 1 or 2 hours, it's just a casual playthrough, right?  Wrong.  You've already poured 200 hours into it!  I strongly recommend this game to anyone who love multiplayer, sandboxes, and a challenge.
Allwen	Recommended	456.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/allwennn/	I played it for a few hours. I'd reccommend it.
N_Mare	Recommended	86.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/n_mare/	If you try to compare this with Minecraft, You're going to have a bad time. If you compare this to ANY MMO or Sandbox Game, you're going to have a bad time. IF you just play this game for what it is, and enjoy your adventures, this game will outclass ANY of the above games.
Wimpyfox	Recommended	447.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Wimpyfox/	People might simply right this game off as being another Minecraft or skyrim clone in 2D but despite that it may take some elements from that game it is extremely unique and allows for endless hours of playtime with frequent updates and additions added to the game to spice things up every now and then.
Oyan	Recommended	120.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/OyanEnSteam/	115 hours played, incredible game. If you ever start to play will standPD: It's a game too fun with friends .
Anon	Recommended	821.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198059989780/	I have put many hours into this game (400+). It is a 2D roleplaying sandbox with decent replay value however multiplayer is most likely the strongest part of the game. You can team up with your friends and play throught he game like you would in single player except with friends. On certain servers you can build with friends or strangers or pvp others for glory.While the begining stages of the game can get dull it picks up the pace once you defeat your first boss or two.The game is built upon 3 main classes Melee Ranger and Mage although there is no skill tree and you don't pick your class until later on in the game when you start getting more advanced armors with buffs for certain weapon types etc. This is where the replay value comes in. Many people call this a "2D minecraft" however it is so much more with both games having there own ups and downs.My final verdict is that if you are a fan of 2D games, RPG's or Sandboxes you should probobaly pick this game up if not then it isn't for you.
Wylde Ice	Recommended	43.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Sigma_Ice/	I would like a workshop for this game. I think it would be great to see what the community could come up with.
Pffffft™	Recommended	961.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/slimjc/	Dig ,fight,defend.So many things to do,crap tons of content,so many things to discover.I love it! 
Caroline	Recommended	316.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198129840802/	By far the best way to spend you money. Between all the bosses and items to find and add to you base. This game can keep you busy all day and never get old.
DJMelodic	Recommended	1,070.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/djmelodic/	It's amazing! I've been playing the xbox and iPhone version this entire time, so the new PC-only 1.2 update excites me! It's really hard though, cause I don't understand any of it and I die... :l
The Creeper Gal Queen	Recommended	482.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/DJkingDJdevil/	This game is a lot of fun, I've never had more fun in my life. The game style and all the items make it even more interesting and amazing.this has so much stuff that it's amazing!!! I already beat the game and STILL there are things I have not seen yet in this game!!! IT'S AWESOMEIf I would have to recommend any game that I love, I would recommend this game!!!10/10 -By The Creeper Gal Queen
Monknot	Recommended	328.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198066271727/	Lots of fun. Over 200 hours played so far.
jac42wf2	Recommended	122.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198426653176/	Very fun and enjoyable. Worth getting.
Astute	Recommended	635.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/astute1011/	Terraria is a unique milestone in the evolution of the RPG/sandbox genre. It does contain many of the familiar elements present in such games: digging tunnels, building bases, crafting items, and fighting monsters. However, It ascends above its predecessors by defining a much clearer goal and purpose, emphasizing combat and exploration. Randomized worlds give you plenty of areas to explore, while dungeons and bosses offer unique challenges for you to conquer. Building and mining can give more than just shelter and resources, as you can construct tactical fields or arenas that can cripple your enemies or give you the upper hand in battle. Hundreds of items and gear can be mixed and matched to create a unique character all your own. The sheer amount of content in this game is enough to keep you engaged for a good hundred or so hours.
M3CH4DR4G0N	Recommended	372.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198121203513/	Very fun. Much material. Wow.
莲花剑	Recommended	399.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198107346352/	An absolutely fantastic game, Terraria has kept me hooked for over 100 hours. I have not owned it for long, but I have played enough to know it is  and always will be one of my all time favorite games. A beautiful mix of building, exploration, fighting, and crafting. I would reccomend this game to anyone who craves a game in which there is so much to do and so much to collect. This game will definitely keep you hooked for +1,000 hours. Overall, a 10 dollars well spent.Gameplay: 9/10 -- The gameplay is certainly wide in variety and there is so much to do. I give it a 9 because of grinding, as it isn't my typical favorite. Still amazing, however.Soundtrack: 10/10 -- Terraria's soundtrack is absolutely amazing. I love every single tune that plays in different biome's (Underground Hallow is my favorite). :-)Building: 10/10 -- With 20 truckloads of different blocks, banners, and furniture, you could build a dragon, inside a chicken, eating a lamb while being trampled by an elephant, so to speak. The building can be simple and complex, depending on one's creativity.Exploration: 8.5/10 -- As amazing as the biomes are in Terraria, the exploration can sometimes get repetative, however, this happens very rarely. Aside from that, the exploration is very exciting if you are a newcomer.Terraria, in a nutshell, is a game like no other, with plenty to do and heaps of fun. And all for 10 dollars.
Majkl	Recommended	89.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198045297171/	Very nice game, try it now !!!!
Jouaram	Recommended	428.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Jouaram/	This game was actually really fun until I hated it, I hate it now.10/10
TheShetland	Recommended	547.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TheShetland/	Don't get this, if you are looking for a happy fun great awesome game that is awesome! If you want to rip your eyeballs out and drown them in acid, then this is a no brainer!
Lordsofeverythin	Recommended	1,030.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Rayquaza999/	One of the funnest games I have ever played,it has hours of fun. Hear me when I say hours.
Meowth (nannu)	Recommended	111.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Rotterrichtoffen/	All the fun of being a pilgrim to a new land, terraforming it to your needs, and genocide all it one.10/10, best America Sim. 
Timblegoorn	Recommended	655.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/timblegoorn/	EDIT:EDIT: Just buy it. You won't regret it. And if you do, you have no taste in video games.EDIT: After over 600 hours and my most played game of my library, I must say. For $2.50 on sale, this game has given me the most worth of any game in my library. Fantastic deal even at full price. A truly great game.Want a game that is absurdly amazing for its price? Content beyond imagine for $9.99? Buy this game. Do me a favor, please, and buy it.
MatAndHisHat	Recommended	373.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/matrimredhand/	I have stopped playing this game.That doesn't mean it is bad; it is an exceedingly excellent game. I simply stopped playing because I wanted to be able to play other games as well. But I have nominated this for the Test of Time award on Steam because I believe this is one game I will always fondly look back on and will definitely replay in the future, if only for its free content updates (which you rarely find in the gaming world nowadays!)Its art style may look dated, but the level of polish totally points to a development team that cares so much about this game. It has some great ambient music as well.However, that is not where Terraria's strength as a game lies. It is in its escalating difficulty, in the expansive discovery and combat gaming experience it gives you as a player who explores a sandbox world. I highly recommend this to players who are into action games, and to a lesser extent creative players who want to design marvelous structures within the confines of a 2D game.Also, this game is just so much fun with friends!
regency2004	Recommended	652.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/regency2004/	I don't know where to begin, so I'm just gonna keep this short, and summed up as quick as possible. I've spent over 500 hours on this game and I am still not bored of it, I don't think I ever will. The game is so large on a scale of things to do that you will play well over 100 hours if you really get into it. From the classes of which you choose to fight with, from bows to swords to guns, from fighting a giant brain to fail countless times fighting a giant skeleton head with two arms that kill me every time, lol, to building castles, and exploring the world. There is so much more to do and think of that it would take "me" hours to write in detail about them. Terraria has a wide range of monsters that come and fight at night, heavy amount of bosses to fight which "require" you to gear up more and more to prepare for the next hardest boss, of course this is your decision, and sometimes being under prepared will leave you sad...and in utter despair. The thing I like about Terraria is the freedom of which you play the game. One year ago, little more, I was hesitant on buying this game. It's 2D, looks like Minecraft....however...I was very wrong, this game is amazing, and in my opinion, it's-its own game, you can't compare Terraria to Minecraft because they are similar, yet very different. I enjoy Terraria, and never ever will I regret my purchase I made a little over a year ago. If you are thinking about buying Terraria...don't hesitate...Just Do It!
Sleksin	Recommended	1,520.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198057764303/	This game is great, and let me explain my reasons why:So this game, to some is a minecraft clone, and there is only a few things the same about them- sandbox, pixel graphics and no set goal besides general advancement (nothing wrong with that)How is that meant to be a clone? You cannot claim inspiration as copying, especially when there is so little the same.it is a game that requires some patience, but a variety of enemies, weapons and armourm all better than the last and some even with special unique properties can make it worth it.The building is simple, and npc's are fairly easy to aquire, with some tasks that have to be met so that they don't all just jump in your house.The biomes are all unique, and the day night cycle drives a nice contrast between frolicking in a field and slaughtering zombies and giant eyes.If you look at the negative reviews, quite a few seem to say 'reached the end game and got bored' and yet most of those people haven't even played for 10 hours, let allone used a variety of ranged, melee and magic.Speaking of it, the 3 damage types allow for your own style, a tanky melee fighter that gets up close to enemies, an extremely damaging ranger, who is balanced out by lower defense and a need to buy ammo, or a squishy mage that deals huge bursts of damage before waiting for mana.There are over 10 tiers of gear, the first view being a bit boring I will admit, but once you kill the deadly Wall of Flesh, you get into hardmode, and THIS is where it gets really fun.The enemies are more unique and harder, there are souped up versions of previous bosses, with their own new wys to murder you face, and the gear gets much better.There are also 2 variants to most gear, and which you will get changes in each world.Now I played at least 500 hours in singleplayer, and even minecraft, which was my main game for ~3 years hasn't racked up that kind. Then one day it was on sale, and my friends got it. I now have 700+ hours!Multiplayer is easy and quick, though you must be careful of people with twinked items (or a friend that has an obsession with dynamite...) ANYWAY This game is amazing, and I haven't even covered all the good areas!The building is nice, with MANY blocks and background walls to use, and if you do it right you can make it so monsters don't spawn in your fancy new wooden house.More good things I am too lazy to type!This game may not be your cup of tea, mostly if you are not one for these sandbox games without much of a storyline, but if you are I strongly reccommend it!9/10, only reason it is not 10/10 is because NOTHING is perfect.
Razgriz Ace18 (Have laptop)	Recommended	173.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Razgriz_Ace18/	This game is one of the better games that gets avoided for one major reason. Person who was suggested this game: "Oh, its got blocks and swords, must be the 2D sucky version of Minecraft." or simply "Not a fan of Minecraft, won't like this." Well guess what, WRONG!!! This is one of those games that you can only find it fun if you watch someone play it a bit in lategame, or play it yourself. A little complicated to understand at first, but once you get a hang of it, Best game ever.
KleinerNull	Recommended	186.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Anstecknadel23/	Awesome game.
Erzaxion	Recommended	165.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198077335629/	awesome
pistoria	Recommended	334.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/pistoria/	I LOVE THIS GAME SO MUCH!
HoodooVoodoo	Recommended	695.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198165392950/	Ever since diablo 3 I've always had a passion for games that have an endgame that, when reached, turns the game into a neverending assault on the eyes and mind. A sword made out of 5 other swords, that shoots swords when swung. A cloud of ufos attacking your enemies. A giant floating eyeball. Pirates. A battle with the king of the moon. All of this happening at once. Magnificent. Full stop. 10. out. of. ten. would. play. a. gain.
call of djibouti	Recommended	131.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Ammnontet/	minecraft except you lose an entire dimension in the process of playing
Wolfie	Recommended	313.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Wolfie_Ecstasy/	Only start this game if you have a week to kill.
Luigi	Recommended	410.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/luigi3214/	Pretty fun game, music is great, loads of content, and has been updated for a LONG time. Also really fun to play with friends.  I would definitely recommend for the price.
Kakadooka	Recommended	174.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Dzemorekek/	I hate its soundtrack.
markmetis	Recommended	257.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/markmetis/	Great work developer! I love all content of this game
RÜTY	Recommended	838.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198047753350/	The cheapest game I have on here, yet the one which I've spent the most hours playing.
Majkl	Recommended	89.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198045297171/	Very nice game, try it now !!!!
Motyl_beatrycze	Recommended	113.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198009407893/	one OF best sandbox-pixel art- kick♥♥♥♥♥game ever 9/10
gappenstance	Recommended	126.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198024965787/	Lots of fun!
zhelau tebe raka, xyeputalo	Recommended	61.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/hetuyke/	Best game for you, your friend and you dog on summonerHave fun, DO NOT play on red side
Red Games (Zer0)	Recommended	292.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Im-A-Number/	Product received for free
Sae	Recommended	113.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/saekawaii/	Construir e explorar durante o dia, matar zumbis durante a noite. Este é um jogo muito divertido e você pode criar um mundo só pra você ou pra jogar com os amigos. E pra quem prefere se guiar por sites renomados. Esse jogo teve nota 9 (de 10) no site IGN.
MeanEYE	Recommended	201.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/meaneye/	This game keeps on giving. With addition of huge amount of content on top of existing mountain it's hard not to recommend it.
KingSnaddy	Recommended	114.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/KingSnaddy/	Ever since I've got Terraria I've fallen in love with it :)It's an excellent game that I've being imersed in with fun yet simple gameplay, and the exploring element keeps me engaged for hours. Terraria with friends is just as good, building bases and defeating bosses together is very fun, and is rewarding too. For those who play Minecraft, or looking for a great open world adventure game, I highly recommend this. Even though the graphics are simple, there's something nice about the retro feel I guess. Verdict: Great game, love it :3   10/10
ХМГЕ	Recommended	664.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/XMGE/	Product received for free
Sleksin	Recommended	1,520.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198057764303/	This game is great, and let me explain my reasons why:So this game, to some is a minecraft clone, and there is only a few things the same about them- sandbox, pixel graphics and no set goal besides general advancement (nothing wrong with that)How is that meant to be a clone? You cannot claim inspiration as copying, especially when there is so little the same.it is a game that requires some patience, but a variety of enemies, weapons and armourm all better than the last and some even with special unique properties can make it worth it.The building is simple, and npc's are fairly easy to aquire, with some tasks that have to be met so that they don't all just jump in your house.The biomes are all unique, and the day night cycle drives a nice contrast between frolicking in a field and slaughtering zombies and giant eyes.If you look at the negative reviews, quite a few seem to say 'reached the end game and got bored' and yet most of those people haven't even played for 10 hours, let allone used a variety of ranged, melee and magic.Speaking of it, the 3 damage types allow for your own style, a tanky melee fighter that gets up close to enemies, an extremely damaging ranger, who is balanced out by lower defense and a need to buy ammo, or a squishy mage that deals huge bursts of damage before waiting for mana.There are over 10 tiers of gear, the first view being a bit boring I will admit, but once you kill the deadly Wall of Flesh, you get into hardmode, and THIS is where it gets really fun.The enemies are more unique and harder, there are souped up versions of previous bosses, with their own new wys to murder you face, and the gear gets much better.There are also 2 variants to most gear, and which you will get changes in each world.Now I played at least 500 hours in singleplayer, and even minecraft, which was my main game for ~3 years hasn't racked up that kind. Then one day it was on sale, and my friends got it. I now have 700+ hours!Multiplayer is easy and quick, though you must be careful of people with twinked items (or a friend that has an obsession with dynamite...) ANYWAY This game is amazing, and I haven't even covered all the good areas!The building is nice, with MANY blocks and background walls to use, and if you do it right you can make it so monsters don't spawn in your fancy new wooden house.More good things I am too lazy to type!This game may not be your cup of tea, mostly if you are not one for these sandbox games without much of a storyline, but if you are I strongly reccommend it!9/10, only reason it is not 10/10 is because NOTHING is perfect.
LvnKAiser	Recommended	203.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198148792683/	Best not minecraft there is. Even better with friends
call of djibouti	Recommended	131.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Ammnontet/	minecraft except you lose an entire dimension in the process of playing
[воом] tomato paste	Recommended	14.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/robotater/	Extremely addictive. At first it seems like a 2D Minecraft clone, but as you get into the game, it becomes much, much more.
დ Levannah დ	Recommended	81.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Levannah/	Simple, fun, entertainting. Lose hours destroy a whole planet build fight zombies LURVE IT
Kuooko	Recommended	123.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Kuooko/	IS a great game if you like adventuring playing with friends killing stuff with swords guns etcand just best for playing with freidns :)
JanickGers0	Recommended	1,491.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/JanickGers0/	Explore the darkest corners of your mind to build wonderful creations, and find out just how skillful you are with the well paced and beautifully designed boss battles. The perfect combination of a building game and an ARPG-Platformer. I think of Terraria as an upgraded Minecraft mixed with an upgraded Torchlight II. It is a wonderful experience that any gamer should have, or at least try out. Give it a go, you won't regret it!EDIT: this was written two years ago, and now I've come to play it for over 1000 hours, and I still get back to it from time to time, with the same impact and the same addictive gameplay that I know and love. The devs keep adding amazing content to it and the game never ends, you can play it forever and enjoy every minute of it. This is why I nominated Terraria for the "Test of Time" award.
Dippy	Recommended	1,408.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/dippyderps/	Easily the best $10 you'll ever spend. I have 1200+ hours logged into this game, and it still is just as fun as it was back then. With the massive, free content updates and the fact that you can run this on a potato of a computer, Terraria is definitely a must have in your library.UPDATE: (11/24/16)Redigit, the head dev of Terraria left over a year ago to work on Terraria Otherworld and Terraria 2, and I was worried of what would happen to the original while he was away. It's been over a year, and we're still getting a lot of neat little content updates from the remaining dev team!
Dezail	Recommended	253.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Dezail/	Love this game, it's better then minecraft in my opinion.
даня	Recommended	147.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/sixsixsixdude/	Pixel anime10\10
Grape Fanta	Recommended	2,719.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TheWarriorofOdin/	After playing this game for some time, I'd say that it's pretty good, But it does get a bit boring after a while unless i use mods.
Super Sand Lesbian	Recommended	471.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/sollybr/	One of the best games i ever played, with silly but treacherous environment elements and a handful of events that happen through the scenario with special rewards. Thanks to its caring devs, this game still stands and impress even those like me who thought this was nothing but a downgraded minecraft. Exploring was never so fun.
FaQy	Recommended	314.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198047663928/	Good Game 10/10
ChunkyForeskin	Recommended	505.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198260497055/	Terraria is a Great Game,and i would reccommend it to anyone, there are a total of 4 classes (Mage,Ranger,Mellee and Summoner) You could pick from, or just use them all. Many People underestamate terraria and say its just a 2D version of Minecraft but is you acctually dive deep into the game. With A Total of 18 bosses all with different drops there is always something to do like building,fighting,farming and much more!
Con Silverstone	Recommended	580.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ConSilverstone/	Its terraria. I don't think I need to say much more other than says I've spent over 350 hours on it. :)
Amaryllis	Recommended	39.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198030933682/	2D. Casual. Creative. Crafting. Sandbox. Bubblegum. Creeper costume Need I say 'ore?
raiden™	Recommended	82.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/THE_MEMES_JACK/	Product received for free
Spaz	Recommended	981.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/The12thSpaz/	Yea its okay. Expert mode really made this game so much more fun, you have to use everything you have in your arsenal instead of just speedrunning and only using the megashark. Normal mode feels like cheating at this point. on launch this game was £4 now its £7 but the amount of content they've added over that time really justifies the extra £3 unlike some other games that charge you for essentially updates, seriously this game was like a alpha state when it launched compared to how much content there is now. Take your time, make your world real pretty instead of just building wooden towers and you can get alot out of that £4
Mega	Recommended	442.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/needformemes/	8/8 gr8 m8
Monknot	Recommended	328.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198066271727/	Lots of fun. Over 200 hours played so far.
Kameleon	Recommended	1,176.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Kameleongaming/	Absoluetely amazing game, i have about 300 hours of gameplay on this game. Regardless of what game i am playing next i always come back to this. Genius and legendary
Rusty Hardy	Recommended	104.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/grapenuts/	Wow!I have had this game in my Steam Library for nearly two years and had only played it once , for about 10 minutes before uninstalling it. I didn't understand how it worked. Plain and simple. Frankly I was spoiled by the flagrantly straightforward nature of Minecraft.  Here recently though, and for no reason whatsoever, other than; I guess, curiosity, and the fact that I’m burned smooth the heck out on Minecraft, I decided to give it another shot.First, let me say this: I love Minecraft, but seriously, aside from building some random things, some quite cool, and proclaiming, "Look what I made," there isn’t much to it. You can pretty much see everything there is to see, in a mere five hours of goofing around, if not much less. Terraria, on the other hand, is massive! I am constantly surprised by just how enormous this game is. I’m actually quite stupefied by this games lack of visibility. After spending some time with it, I can’t see why anyone would even want to play Minecraft. This game has everything and way, way more. Its just 2D, which is probably a turn off to most and pixel art, BUT, it’s fluidly animated, with tight, precise controls and runs fantastically on even the most basic system. The particle effects and simple physics, along with plenty of gratifying explosions, colorful dismemberment, -of enemies….and you- are pleasing enough to allow most people, I would imagine, to get passed their initial deterrents with relative ease. What really grabbed me about this game, wasn't just the overall vastness of the map, but the incredible range of craftable items, armor and weapons. It feels so nice when you get a rare drop or find a new more powerful weapon or accessory, that makes traversing the world easier. It starts out rough and certainly seems mind numbingly basic, but get past that, and you will find that it’s well worth the time. Just dig deeper, literally, the games best content, by far, is deep below the surface of the world.Me, I love to explore and find new things. I love getting more powerful weapons and not having to worry about breaking or losing them, due to some stupid, unavoidable event (although there are harder modes which penalize you a bit more ruthlessly; dropping gear, items and even permanent character loss for the Hardcore players). I love going back to places I used to get trounced in and do the trouncing. If I can bring a friend to help, all the better. The co-op in Terraria is crazy fun. My girlfriend and I, are enthralled. I Highly recommend this game to couples who, along with knowing how to portforward and research how to run their own servers (it’s easy) also love exploration and loot quest games. For instance: Do you love Zelda games? Metroid Games? Castlevania, maybe? This is your game and For 10 bucks, you are basically stealing it. Note: If you get confused on how to start, or what to do in general. If the size of the game overwhelms you, don't worry, there are plenty of immensely entertaining YouTube videos of people playing from start to finish as well superfluous wiki.Have fun.
Waluigi_138	Recommended	864.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198165802400/	This is a great game for all types of gamers. This is not a 2d version of minecraft. this has much more content and has many more hours of hard work to beat the game.
Choppa	Recommended	112.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/thiagogb/	The game is fun, you can build stuff, grind good weapons and kill bosses and then it endsalso mods. good fun mods.if you like that stuff buy itnow I'll write a review for the game Second Life(the thumbs up is for terraria)-----------Second Life Review-----------I was exploring the depths of youtube when I come across a very interesting video about a game called second life, and as I'm not such a roleplayer and all that stuff, I turned it away, but seeing as curiosity to see what cancerous adventure layed inside, I gave it a try, only to be greeted by a very small game, which as I thought would lag me and my friend to the next dimension (I want to say sorry for having you see what it held, friend), a world which gave you freedom to do what you wanted----if doing what you wanted meant being a woman peeing in a pole in the middle of the park in the way a man pees.I explored a random land which me and my friend got invited to, and as it loaded, I walked around with bad movement controls and a fixed camera which disturbed me the most. I then saw a group of people. They were dancing. Me and friend approached the group, our in-game names being YamIplayingthis and CancerGod, we observed as people danced and talked. I said nothing, as I did not know how to turn off the all talk option, only to discover then and tell my friend how ♥♥♥♥ed up that was. We saw people talking and acting like it was their lives. their entire lives. they dated, loved, danced, I don't know what people do in real life, but they did there. I saw before my eyes what it was like to abandon real life to live in the matrix as your own avatar, and the worst is, not stopping. The name of the game is exactly what it is, a second life, a life you choose to live in the place of your real one, I don't know why I'm writing a review of Second Life at a Terraria Review, but I'm, and I'm here to tell you, whoever came across this, don't play it, it's too much cancer10/10 would gain more 4 cancer tumours
YAGAMI	Recommended	202.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Onlyhalfdead/	i love it
Brodwarrior	Recommended	503.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198108519872/	LOVE THIS GAME. It has a relly great and easy feel to it for an awesome price, especially for people who like Minecraft.
Noah	Recommended	680.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198203208813/	Possibly the best thing you can do with $10.
Smuz	Recommended	100.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198011650508/	you can shoot rainbows from a magic stick while riding a giant bee.dressed like a pirate.11/10
PapaWhiskey	Recommended	315.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198045585912/	Two thumbs up. I've bought a copy for all of my friends that would play. I highly recommend.
/Team Pepe\ Lucky	Recommended	1,360.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198097760270/	this is the best game ever 
Fysus	Recommended	130.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Fysus/	Personally I prefer Terraria over Starbound.Reasons:Terraria costs lessStarbound didnt offer the same experience as terraria did for me, however thier not really the same game either but if it comes to choosing one over the other I'd say buy Terraria as it will deliver much more fun in the long run.Bosses in Terraria are much more intressting and better overall
♫	Recommended	487.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Wheato/	Terraria is arguably the greatest and most unique 2D sandbox platformer out there. Its combination of typical sandbox elements with unforgiving RPG progression provides both incentive and reward. The amount of content is perfect even before mods, and the progression is satisfying as the player upgrades to each tier and defeats each boss. Some people claim that it's basically minecraft. It isn't. It's an RPG and a platformer, with a unique art style and unique mechanics. Minecraft is a 3D sandbox with little progression which focuses on the user's willingness to build structures and devices, and while this is possible in Terraria, is by no means the main aim of the game.All in all, an amazing 2D platformer with both sandbox and RPG elements unlike any other out there, promising hours and hours of fun.
Keeng_Kay	Recommended	1,080.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/keengdotnet/	Generally I'm not the biggest sandbox fan, but this game has done it better than any other game I've played.They've somehow made a small limited world feel as vast as an open world Bethesda game, and that's what has made this game something to behold. It has a fast paced real time RPG feel that many players can get into, but the normal sandbox elements that fans of other sandbox games can enjoy just as much. Everything is just wonderful in this game: the soundtrack, the bosses, the building, just about everything builds onto each other in order to create something special. You could even grab a buddy or two, or even 5 or 10, and just have a blast playing the game together, exploring your completely new world.Terraria is a little bit of something for everyone, and I believe that it deserves a well earned spot on everyone's library.
[deleted]	Recommended	2,205.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198156264042/	Cool game, I love it because it has endless adventures! If you passed Terraria, it is not end. You can have fun in servers too!
Thanos Bird	Recommended	675.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198092773756/	After buying and playing this game, i can safely say that it is no minecraft clone. Minecraft pales in comparison to this, and for 9.99 it's a steal. If you're into sandbox games, this is 100% the game you want. just, dont be afraid to use the wiki.
Mac Tonight	Recommended	293.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TNTdonut/	awesome game, recommend it to EVERYONE. Has so many stuff with unique features, the possibilities are endless
Bashful_Jessika	Recommended	3,635.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198129801896/	I recommend this game because its different than any other games.  It has over 1000-3000 items and 14 or 15 npcs.  It is "IN MY OPINION" better than minecraft by a little bit.  If I where you I would get this game.  It also so has mods AND ITS NOT A COPY!!!Love,      Bashful_Jessika
Crumch	Recommended	243.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/freesupplydrops/	If you play this game with a freind it is a little better, but either way it's a great game! Once you defeat the boss that gets you into hardmode, it's not lying, the game gets harder. But not to worry you will survive if you aren't a noob like me. There's not too much replayability, doing the same thing over and over can get a little boring, but you can mix it up with some challenges and stuff. But if you want a game you can play untill you're gray, look elsewhere!
Dys	Recommended	172.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/dyscivist/	What if Minecraft was fun?
Pffffft™	Recommended	961.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/slimjc/	Dig ,fight,defend.So many things to do,crap tons of content,so many things to discover.I love it! 
Waluigi_138	Recommended	864.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198165802400/	This is a great game for all types of gamers. This is not a 2d version of minecraft. this has much more content and has many more hours of hard work to beat the game.
SteadySammyStop	Recommended	156.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198056420508/	People think this is just a 2D minecraft, but it is so much more. Terraria is a fantastic adventure, loads to do and discover. If you've got the patience, you can spend hours in your house figuring out crafting recipes and how to do things. If you don't have to patience, just go out and adventure. Theres a proper story, theres proper quests and loot. I couldn't figure this game out at all but me and a friend managed to get a world onto multiplayer and we both love it. It's definitely much better with friends. Give it a go, and take your time with it. Top game
Noah	Recommended	680.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198203208813/	Possibly the best thing you can do with $10.
/Team Pepe\ Lucky	Recommended	1,360.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198097760270/	this is the best game ever 
corntown	Recommended	1,820.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/defectivepotatos/	killed voodoo demon over lava"matthew the guide was slain"spawns wall of flesh by accidentgets killed by wall of fleshgets teleported to the underwold upon respawning and dies again9/11 would voodoo again 
LvnKAiser	Recommended	203.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198148792683/	Best not minecraft there is. Even better with friends
ХМГЕ	Recommended	664.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/XMGE/	Product received for free
Choppa	Recommended	112.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/thiagogb/	The game is fun, you can build stuff, grind good weapons and kill bosses and then it endsalso mods. good fun mods.if you like that stuff buy itnow I'll write a review for the game Second Life(the thumbs up is for terraria)-----------Second Life Review-----------I was exploring the depths of youtube when I come across a very interesting video about a game called second life, and as I'm not such a roleplayer and all that stuff, I turned it away, but seeing as curiosity to see what cancerous adventure layed inside, I gave it a try, only to be greeted by a very small game, which as I thought would lag me and my friend to the next dimension (I want to say sorry for having you see what it held, friend), a world which gave you freedom to do what you wanted----if doing what you wanted meant being a woman peeing in a pole in the middle of the park in the way a man pees.I explored a random land which me and my friend got invited to, and as it loaded, I walked around with bad movement controls and a fixed camera which disturbed me the most. I then saw a group of people. They were dancing. Me and friend approached the group, our in-game names being YamIplayingthis and CancerGod, we observed as people danced and talked. I said nothing, as I did not know how to turn off the all talk option, only to discover then and tell my friend how ♥♥♥♥ed up that was. We saw people talking and acting like it was their lives. their entire lives. they dated, loved, danced, I don't know what people do in real life, but they did there. I saw before my eyes what it was like to abandon real life to live in the matrix as your own avatar, and the worst is, not stopping. The name of the game is exactly what it is, a second life, a life you choose to live in the place of your real one, I don't know why I'm writing a review of Second Life at a Terraria Review, but I'm, and I'm here to tell you, whoever came across this, don't play it, it's too much cancer10/10 would gain more 4 cancer tumours
Brodwarrior	Recommended	503.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198108519872/	LOVE THIS GAME. It has a relly great and easy feel to it for an awesome price, especially for people who like Minecraft.
Sae	Recommended	113.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/saekawaii/	Construir e explorar durante o dia, matar zumbis durante a noite. Este é um jogo muito divertido e você pode criar um mundo só pra você ou pra jogar com os amigos. E pra quem prefere se guiar por sites renomados. Esse jogo teve nota 9 (de 10) no site IGN.
Octavius Yeetus	Recommended	496.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/11352465/	I have a little knowledge about this game but what I do have is a nifty Chicken Tacos recipeServes 4Ingredients1 store-bought rotisserie chicken 2 cups store-bought red or green salsa 8 taco shells 1 cup (4 ounces) grated Cheddar or Monterey Jack cheese 8 sprigs fresh cilantro (optional) 1/2 cup sour cream 1 avocado, chopped 1 lime, quarteredDirections1. Remove the meat from the chicken and shred.2. Heat the salsa in a skillet over medium heat. Add the chicken and heat until warmed through.3. Fill the taco shells with the chicken and top with cheese and cilantro (if desired). Serve with the sour cream, avocado, and lime wedges on the side.4. Enjoy!
cube kirby	Recommended	567.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Squareramennan/	There's no other game I can think of that gives you as much content for your money as this one. It's also really fun. GET IT
Brodwarrior	Recommended	503.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198108519872/	LOVE THIS GAME. It has a relly great and easy feel to it for an awesome price, especially for people who like Minecraft.
Smuz	Recommended	100.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198011650508/	you can shoot rainbows from a magic stick while riding a giant bee.dressed like a pirate.11/10
Noah	Recommended	680.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198203208813/	Possibly the best thing you can do with $10.
A Traveling Merchant	Recommended	252.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ATravelingMerchant/	One of my all time favorite games. Lots of stuff to do and lots of Items. It's a game great for everyone
YAGAMI	Recommended	202.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Onlyhalfdead/	i love it
BITE AU CUL XD	Recommended	597.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198035155482/	This game is ok... (nearly 600 hours and still not bored)
markmetis	Recommended	257.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/markmetis/	Great work developer! I love all content of this game
It'sPup.Z	Recommended	2,039.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/PupZ_/	Terraria is an awesome game :DI love the gameplay of Terraria! This is one of my all time favourite games that I won't forget :D       I Love to explore, build and do other fun things. Just remember, THIS IS NOT A RIPOFF OF MINECRAFT!!! Terraria is very different to minecraft and could be considered better than Minecraft in items, armour and bosses etc. Anyway the 1.3 update was AMAZING though! This game is very fascinating and just wow... More reasons why Terraria is WORTH IT *Terraria is addicting*Awesome Gameplay*Nice graphics *Multiplayer*Is endless (Will never end) *Bosses are challenging and fun*Different modes (Normal and Expert) *Cute/Cool pets And much more reasons!This game is definately worth for its price! I rate this game 1000000000000000/10
Ser J	Recommended	198.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mixterherma/	!! This review will be deleted after revision is made !!Terraria. A 2-Dimensional adventure in a pixelated reality. There isn't a specific objective for this game. (From my experience,) you're free to explore and do whatever you feel should be your goal.My opinions of it all:The GoodIt does have a few elements that remind me of Minecraft, but I wouldn't be one to say that majority of it is so. The soundtrack was nice, pleasant, relaxing. I found my expeditions to the unknown rather amazing; the randomly-generated worlds were astonishing to me upon first site. Those enemies, too. If only I could see more!The BadI don't know anything that I may need to speak of that I would consider bad about this game.OverallI haven't had a lot of experience in this game yet, but I did enjoy what I've been able to do before things happened. After I fix and survive my computer conflicts, I'll have this game another gander and edit this review for farther explanations. I wouldn't necessarily use this review to determine whether (you) want this game or not yet.--Sir Shinigami.
sDenniz	Recommended	23.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/sDenniz/	It's a really cool game to play with friends.  :3
yung h3ro 💕	Recommended	91.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ayyh3ro/	Terraria is a Teen rated sandbox sidescroller where you create a charecter, fight monsters, search for supplies, build communities and of course hang with friends. Now when I first played this, I wasen't a noob. (I played it on Xbox)  I knew instantly how to play. Enough bragging about my winnings. It's time to give you what you wan't. This game is well known for it's bosses & minions. It's also known for it's badass level customization. Like...uh. You want to dress up like that alien from Aliens? Well now you can get it & wear it ingame. Some bosses include skeletron, the eater of worlds, eye of cthulhu and the very own twins. Most of these bosses require you to think of a way to trap them, attack them or block them. And now you say...What else is here? I like what I hear.Well timmy, I shall say that last up is the biomes or places.Inside this game there a lots of places for you to visit..such as: Space, Hell, Underground (cave), underwater, juungle, desert and the winter forest. Now this game arouses you, you say? Well. GO BUY IT THEN!Update - REALLY GOOD GAME! GET IT 100%!
DizzyBoy	Recommended	518.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198105929955/	This game has given me 90% of my steam hours, and everyday I find myself looking to see if it updated. This game is a fantstic game and allows you to do a huge amount of stuff. Do you love tower defense? Summon the pirate invasion and protect your helpless NPCs. Love building? With over 200 different blocks, you'll never run out of things to build. Love killing harmless creatures by blowing off their limbs? Go right ahead. Honestly, if you have the slightest bit of imagination, you can do pretty much anything you want. My only disapointmentis that some of the drop chances are so low, they might as well be unobtainable, but most of these items are novelty and aren't required to beat the game.
Dexio™	Recommended	606.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/GumboCatLord/	Never ending adventure. So much to do so much to see. Full of hours and hours of content.
Kipii	Recommended	145.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kipseyaa/	Terraria It's like a potato. A small game with more content.
Jägersturmkünde	Recommended	852.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jagerkunde/	best game ever 
Tom Servo	Recommended	399.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/altom85/	First and foremost, I don't really like Minecraft. Yup, I said it. And after seeing all the reviews comparing this game to Minecraft, I was completely disinterested. I would've never even played it if my brother hadn't purchased me a copy. For his sake I played it, just so he wouldn't feel like he completely wasted his money. Two months later, I haven't played any other game! Upon my initial playthrough, the obvious similiarities between Terraria and Minecraft were obvious: Collect, craft, build. But it took on a different charm as a 2-D platformer. There is more to do than just craft and build. There are boss fights, events, fighting/maintaining the corruption/crimson/hallow, and numerous NPCs to interact with. You can cxperience the different biomes (forest, snow, swamp, etc), with their own unique creatures and dangers.Bottom line: If you like Minecraft, get it. If you don't like Mincraft, get it. It's a fun game that has a TON of replay value and is just simply fun.
call men 00b	Recommended	395.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198052116666/	Great game, cant stop playing it! Multiplayer is probably the best way to play. Always looking forward to updates since every update does lots of things. I would definetely recommend this game.
Cue Ball Jamal	Recommended	187.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198045031141/	dis game has sik lighting yo
Ser J	Recommended	198.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mixterherma/	!! This review will be deleted after revision is made !!Terraria. A 2-Dimensional adventure in a pixelated reality. There isn't a specific objective for this game. (From my experience,) you're free to explore and do whatever you feel should be your goal.My opinions of it all:The GoodIt does have a few elements that remind me of Minecraft, but I wouldn't be one to say that majority of it is so. The soundtrack was nice, pleasant, relaxing. I found my expeditions to the unknown rather amazing; the randomly-generated worlds were astonishing to me upon first site. Those enemies, too. If only I could see more!The BadI don't know anything that I may need to speak of that I would consider bad about this game.OverallI haven't had a lot of experience in this game yet, but I did enjoy what I've been able to do before things happened. After I fix and survive my computer conflicts, I'll have this game another gander and edit this review for farther explanations. I wouldn't necessarily use this review to determine whether (you) want this game or not yet.--Sir Shinigami.
Ridge	Recommended	573.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/vulgarfate/	I'm not going to compare it to Minecraft, I'm just gonna see what I come up with. When I first picked this game up, I was quite confused and wasn't sure what to do. I went mining, made wooden armour, made a little hut, then went on the wiki for all of 5 minutes to check what to do with this guide person.I should've picked up the vibe from there that I need the wiki. For the love of ♥♥♥♥, KEEP THE WIKI ON THE SIDE. I missed out on this game for months, maybe even over a year, because I didn't know what the hell I was doing. I started playing it again recently, using the wiki and I became friends with someone who's got really far in the game. Both of them aided me to get near the beginning of Hardmode with ten chests full of stuff and a big house-shaped house and tower. (Thanks Craig)I've stacked up at least 90 of my 100 hours playing this game in the last few weeks/months. It is so addictive, you can do so much. There's mining, building, combat incl. bosses, minions, multiplayer and vanity items which have many references.At first, I really didn't think it was worth it due to being 2D. How wrong I was. Pick this up, bring up the wiki and play away.Edit: 3 years later, new content added recently. Still love it!
BITE AU CUL XD	Recommended	597.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198035155482/	This game is ok... (nearly 600 hours and still not bored)
Dippy	Recommended	1,408.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/dippyderps/	Easily the best $10 you'll ever spend. I have 1200+ hours logged into this game, and it still is just as fun as it was back then. With the massive, free content updates and the fact that you can run this on a potato of a computer, Terraria is definitely a must have in your library.UPDATE: (11/24/16)Redigit, the head dev of Terraria left over a year ago to work on Terraria Otherworld and Terraria 2, and I was worried of what would happen to the original while he was away. It's been over a year, and we're still getting a lot of neat little content updates from the remaining dev team!
Dezail	Recommended	253.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Dezail/	Love this game, it's better then minecraft in my opinion.
TheShetland	Recommended	547.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TheShetland/	Don't get this, if you are looking for a happy fun great awesome game that is awesome! If you want to rip your eyeballs out and drown them in acid, then this is a no brainer!
Lordsofeverythin	Recommended	1,030.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Rayquaza999/	One of the funnest games I have ever played,it has hours of fun. Hear me when I say hours.
Meowth (nannu)	Recommended	111.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Rotterrichtoffen/	All the fun of being a pilgrim to a new land, terraforming it to your needs, and genocide all it one.10/10, best America Sim. 
Space Kitty	Recommended	377.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/faronight/	Found a Keyblade10/10(P.S. you gonn die alot)
yung h3ro 💕	Recommended	91.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ayyh3ro/	Terraria is a Teen rated sandbox sidescroller where you create a charecter, fight monsters, search for supplies, build communities and of course hang with friends. Now when I first played this, I wasen't a noob. (I played it on Xbox)  I knew instantly how to play. Enough bragging about my winnings. It's time to give you what you wan't. This game is well known for it's bosses & minions. It's also known for it's badass level customization. Like...uh. You want to dress up like that alien from Aliens? Well now you can get it & wear it ingame. Some bosses include skeletron, the eater of worlds, eye of cthulhu and the very own twins. Most of these bosses require you to think of a way to trap them, attack them or block them. And now you say...What else is here? I like what I hear.Well timmy, I shall say that last up is the biomes or places.Inside this game there a lots of places for you to visit..such as: Space, Hell, Underground (cave), underwater, juungle, desert and the winter forest. Now this game arouses you, you say? Well. GO BUY IT THEN!Update - REALLY GOOD GAME! GET IT 100%!
Fuzbol	Recommended	130.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/FuzbolSteam/	A great game with LOTS of things to do.
Wolfie	Recommended	313.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Wolfie_Ecstasy/	Only start this game if you have a week to kill.
lvcash	Recommended	167.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/lvcash/	Better than Minecraft.
Golden Darkness	Recommended	76.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198077108759/	fun
Razgriz Ace18 (Have laptop)	Recommended	173.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Razgriz_Ace18/	This game is one of the better games that gets avoided for one major reason. Person who was suggested this game: "Oh, its got blocks and swords, must be the 2D sucky version of Minecraft." or simply "Not a fan of Minecraft, won't like this." Well guess what, WRONG!!! This is one of those games that you can only find it fun if you watch someone play it a bit in lategame, or play it yourself. A little complicated to understand at first, but once you get a hang of it, Best game ever.
KleinerNull	Recommended	186.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Anstecknadel23/	Awesome game.
Erzaxion	Recommended	165.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198077335629/	awesome
EnigmaActivate	Recommended	656.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/EnigmaActivate/	I've had this game for over 500+ Hours and people think this game can get boring? This is the ONLY GAME IN MY STEAM LIBRARY that I have OVER 500 hours for.And before I go into this, I just want to say - Everyone is entitled to their own opinion.But I am entitled to mine, and my opinion may be objectively better than yours!This game will bring you to hell and back (In a good way!) Although I have not had this game since the very beginning (2011) I have had it for 3 Years and thats really something If I've ever said so.But to Sum it up. -Pros -2D Minecraft, but it's probably better in terms of uniqueness.Multiplayer is extremely acessable to even a newbie at the game and doesn't require you to fiddle with files. Just downloading the server hoster and starting it while Terraria is Open.Servers are Unique and Brightly colored which will instantly bring anyone to their kneesThe music is absolutely beautiful and I get nostalgia everytime I play thisCons -Some servers allow killing to be on at all times and although spawnkilling isn't a big issue, it's the other players and the amount of anonimity they have online.Gaining Items / Leveling Up Daily is expecially a pain on RPG Servers, as you have to come back to the server to level up and this is sort of just a ploy to get you to come backGaining Items is no different either, some servers make it so you have to be a certain LEVEL in order to even USE them, and you know what that means?; coming back every day to level up.------------------------------------------------------------------------Otherwise, this game is absolutely phoenomenal. but you don't even have to look at the reviews to see that, just go back to the main steam page for this (Where the Video is) and it'll tell you that the reviews for this is (Overwhelmingly Positive)Although I am not an avid player as I was back in the day, I still enjoy the presence of this in my steam Library,Downloaded 3 Years ago, still in my heart today10/10 - Would Absolutely Reccomend to anyone who loves building, sci-fi / fantasy, metroidvania, Multiplayer games such as this masterpiece.
Kidbla ツ	Recommended	738.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/KibsterKidbla/	I got this game when 1.1 JUST came out. I have spent most of my time on Terraria in overall gaming (PC,Mobile.) I do not regret buying this game. I bought this in a Christmas sale for $2. Terraria is an amazing sandbox, where you can build, fight, and explore. People say "Ughgh! It's just a stupid rip-off of Minecraft!11" ect. ect.   What those people DON'T know is Terarria is amazing. 800 enemies,  more than 10,000 items, and a little more that 20 bosses. I'm not saying Minecraft is bad, it's just that Minecraft is just... dull. Minecraft is $25, and Terraria is $10. I would HIGHLY recommend Terraria than Minecraft.Plus: Terraria is growing with it's constant updates. And... well... Minecraft is erm... dying.
Noyam0	Recommended	1,699.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/noyam0/	This game consumed me, 600+ hours and still is very fun, a great mix of sandbox, adventure, and exploration. With many weapons and accessories to choose from, you can set your own path. This is not a easy game to conquer, but a great game to master. Playing with friends is pretty fun, too :D and if you ever get bored, start a new playthrough on a expert world on mediumcore character, to give yourself a challange of your skill. I highly recommend this game, and even higher to play with a friend.
