gergoborsody1	Not Recommended	1.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198299304566/	Ok, I do not write reviews but seeing that many people trying to protect this piece of garbage is making me do otherwise.Please accept the following rows from someone who is in love with the series since Farming Simulator 2009.(For the impatient, read the last two rows, that sums up the whole thing:P)First of all, graphics. Yeah, same old story, I know, the haters are whining that the graphics are ugly. Because IT IS, for God's sake! And don't bring that sorry♥♥♥♥♥excuse like I read here (those are the players who ruin the game industry by the way) that get a better video card and so on. Mine is 1080, so - and correct me if I am wrong - I don't think that I have to upgrade for FS19. :PBack to the story, the main problem is that the devs PROMISED a new look, better everything, visually stunning experience. Half the damage has been taken if they were not to do so. If they were said that, we don't upgrade nothing, a bit of polishing here and there, but using the EXACT SAME THING AS IN FS17, it would prevented much, much negative reviews.The graphics are utter garbage. Period. Still the awful 2D field textures, tree models are the same, they managed to even degrade the map itself! Look at the borders of it, disgusting blurry textures like in 1999. How can this could be passed QA testing...?! And if all of these is not enough, flowers and bushes creep inside the vehicles interior view...?! How can someone ♥♥♥♥ up an already implemented graphical engine to this degree? What was the development idea, take the engine from FS17, 15, 13, etc. and ruin it...? :D Enough of graphics, all in all, its horrible.Moving to the actual gameplay itself. And I swear, this is the worst part. It is a tragicomedy. Same story applies as with graphics, take something that is already tested and working (to a certain level I should say, but we are already used to the bugs of the FS series) and just simply ruin it. In FS19's current state there are better games, developed by indie teams, still in EARLY ALPHA, that are far better than this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Even the ♥♥♥♥ing tutorial is bugy for new players!:D You can't finish wood cutting because the chainsaw script doesn't trigger at all...!:D Again, QA testing!!! Not to mention that the chainsaw's texture is clipping through the wood, the part "inside" the wood is invisible, the rest of it is growing out from the other side of the tree... And you don't have a hand! In nearly 2019, how the actual ♥♥♥♥ a game could be released, which employes hand tool mechanism, without the hands themselves...?! I saw a guy in a video who hit a civilian car with one of the biggest Deutz-Fahr tractor resulted in that the tractor turned to its side and was spinnig around itself. I've read here that someone could climb to a tree mounted on the new horse feature, which the devs hyped. For me the shop and ATM markers were didn't worked, only from the hotkey. Positioning placeables are still a nightmare, the controls are clunky, the rotation is slow and still does not have any fine-grained functionality. Just an example, if you want to place something somewhere else than where you standing, well, grab a brick, put it on the actual arrow where you have to move and go grab a dinner, a bath, a movie... or a drive from Munich to Barcelona because that is how fast the camera moves ingame while the placeable menu is active.Seasons. Yeah, I know. I am one of those cursed haters again. How can it be, that something which agriculture revolves around since its very existence is still not implemented in a FARMING GAME? To not even go further, Forza Horizon 4 has seasons! A a few DLCs to there and you'll be properly farming earlier with a McLaren Senna than in a Goddamn farming game...!Player movement. Still the "floating in one of the four directions in the air" effect. Instead of the worthless character creation, they've should changed this.Vehicle interiors. What is the point in polishing this whole thing if the panels inside the machines still 90% not working. There are pro modders (and we are extremely grateful for them throughout the whole FS series up until this point!) who made fully functional, working, interactive interiors by themselves and a whole dev team cannot. Unacceptable!Did you folks seen the exhaust effects of the vehicles? I just don't want to go in it. It is enough that "Beautiful graphics" and the effect was ok, back in FS2013.And this list is so endless, that we can sit here all night long. These were the most painful ones, at least for me.Lets get down to the last category of my novel, physics. I promise it will be short. Worth nothing. End of story. Basically still not exists, a minor tweaking here and there, but nothing useful.So, I think I owe some last thoughts for those of you who made it this far. Still, all of the above is from someone who had countless hours and love in the FS series, but FS19 is something that shouldn't be happened, at least not in its current form.It is a shame that this thing is a full release, it should be nothing more than 9.99 EUR/USD DLC for FS17.Refunded after 111 minutes.Thanks for reading and have nice day!
HelSinG	Not Recommended	4.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198012684185/	I'm not sure if anyone is having this issue as well but I have no game sounds what so ever, have checked all settings, updated drivers.Tried all advice/fixes for previous verions of the game, redownloaded twice and still no luck.anyone else having this problem or know how to fix ir?
X4RCH	Not Recommended	3.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198022694958/	FS17 was such a good product, I was so excited to see FS19 coming up, preordered the second it became available.  I am so irritated now that I’m pretty sure I won’t play again until it’s fixed.  The farm placement is absolutely terrible for anyone who cares about functionality and aesthetics.  The tractors all drive funny, edge of map graphics are jittery and fuzzy.  The maps themselves are very busy (lots of decorative bits), but lacks functionality.  Narrow windy roads are a pain to navigate, and lots of other stuff gets in the way.The dog is stupid, and should have never been put in.  And good luck with horses and such due to the inmense cost of placing the buildings (after penalties for lowering or raising ground).  The farmhouse alone will cost you 350k, so even with starting as farm manager with 1.25mil in the bank, you’ll spend half of it just on some basic buildings.  Plus you’re not able to place roads, so even if you find nice spots for your buildings, they won’t fit right, there’ll likely be a small 50% grade going up to it, and no roads to connect them.I was super excited for the new Challenger tractor, but the sounds are off, and the horn uses the basic “beep” one that the little tractors use.  Even the new Ideal combines have weak horns compared to the old style air horns (I know it’s silly, but it still is irritating).Until the modders make better maps with pre placed buildings, I won’t even try the game again.  It’s absurd that after 2 years to make this game, they’ve basically reskinned FS17 with some features that don’t even work.  Shame on them for not coming up with a better product.  We all should have known better when no reviews were out before game release.  Hopefully they use all of our preorder money to fix these problems.I’m amazed at how many positive reviews are out there on Steam, it’s like people aren’t even paying attention.
PIETERTJEEE	Not Recommended	29.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198354361000/	never seen a game with so many bugs on the release date!
the Mad Twatter	Not Recommended	6.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198030227903/	I love the FS franchise, my goal for 19 was to hit 1k hours coming off of 17 with 700+ hours. Day one has been a trainwreck, bugs with almost every feature interaction. The game feels like it is in early access due to release in a month or so. What makes the sting even worse is that 19 isn't 'farming like never before'. It took key features of 17 and made them prettier. The maps and the vehicles feel more organic, but core problems of working in fields still exist. No matter how good the tractors and equipment look, if it looks like you are essentially painting a field, it takes you out of the 'simulation'. I am giving this release a thumbs down for now because it really has flopped. Once the bugs are fixed it'll be more fun, but until Giants really invests in a more modern engine to run more advanced physics features, the franchise will still have the elephant in the room.
ADCJEN	Not Recommended	11.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198327527988/	Played for over 10 Hours now , and I can not recommend this game if you already have FS 17.Its basicly a re skin of FS 17 with a few of the community mods now in the base game.Not alot of vehicals in this release,and the only benfit is probably the animals.Graphics is a bit better 15% or so nothing amazing.Was hoping for shop delivery , so you dont have to keep going back to collect small pallets of seed etc.Also automated deliverys would of been nice, Helpers still get stuck and if your on a field that not a squre there of no use, and you will find that they only do half a job.Seems to be some bugs as well with helpers at the moment , they just will not work on some fields and will say completed with in a few secounds of starting.I find the helpers of no use at the moment ,and I find my self having to complete there jobs that they half finshed.The physics in the game are still way off,In all theres nothing realy new thats been brought to this release , if you have FS17 your missing nothing.
wizoptions	Not Recommended	24.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198274336080/	After playing FS17 for over 1400 hrs, I didn't see a huge improvement in FS19. You can buy parcels of land now, do some of your own farm set-up and the plant destruction (and the fact the leaves move) are cool sight. John Deere is the brand of choice, sure, however, I've had John Deere as mods in FS17 that were better constructed. Horses and stuff, as well as dynamic animal enclosures are cool too. Other than that, I fail to see the differences between FS19 and FS17. I do use a lot of mods in FS17, especially realism mods, like Seasons, ground response, etc. I play on maps where I've stripped down the farm and use placeables to build it to where I want. There are huge things missing, though I know the modders will make up the difference, it shouldn't be like so. It feels like Giants has not really listened to the community in what they want, and the game feels bare-bones. I expected more than this, and am a little dissapointed. I would have asked for the refund, but I want to see how far you will get over the coming months. I will re-visit this if there is improvements. Don't get me wrong, Giants, I love the fact of the Open World deal you have, and how you welcome the mods and modders to create content, so the game is timeless, and for this, I thank you. I just expected a little more than what you delivered with all your years of experience in this field.
BCarter	Not Recommended	19.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/bcarter/	Are they planning on MODS to make this game enjoyable?   Gone are buildings that can be entered.  The Maps are HORRIBLE.  If this is what they think a farm looks like, they have nerds on keyboards that have never stepped a single FOOT in a pile of cow manure!  Let alone came close to one.  The buildings look like something out of a white trash nightmare.  Trash every place, weeds eyebrow high and no way to clean up or cut down.  Buildings can't be entered...doors don't work, no cows, yet we have stupid HORSES?!  A horse serves no purpose other than eat, poop, and stand in a pasture...there meat isn't even that good to eat.   Tractors are UNCHANGED from prevoius versions...tip over quite easily, yet suffer no damage from running into buildings, trains, etc.  Gone are the calenders, seasons...and little popups that tell you what crop your even looking at when hovered over.  But hey!  we have hills, trees and ohhh..did I mention WEEDS everywhere!  Where are the nice buildings from FS17?  ... Why are the fields the size of my back yard?...and did I mention the TRASH?  LOL...wow..this game has a LOT of improvement to make.  I'd recommend you wait till the Modders get ahold of it and make it something nice to play.
Highscoreosaurus	Not Recommended	7.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/highscoreosaurus/	First impressions as an avid FS13/15/17 fan: It feels plastic.It looks graphically worse than FS17.The controls were a pain to setup and still didn't work properly after an hour of tinkering.Low res vehicle/equipment thumbnails in the shop really kill the mood.The sky texture is extremely strange, sort of 16bit... Mostly noticable during day/night transition.Night time doesn't exist since the moon is apparently as bright as the sun.I could go on, but long story short, i've refunded it and will be sticking with FS17 for the forseeable future.I 
Cookie	Not Recommended	33.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198284286434/	The game is ok not as much progress as there was between 15 and 17. Very rushed it seems. Didn’t have no where near as many glitches in 17. Very disappointed 😕
HoLySmOkE	Not Recommended	35.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197970675870/	This game is a massive step backwards,the improved graphics engine is the worst yet,ive played all the fs games since fs 2009,the ai has also taken a giant leap backwards and wont work entire fields,the buildings are console plain with no textures and the aa sucks,im using a 1080ti on a ben q 2k monitor.Fs 2017 has better graphics,its also full of bugs the controls make no sense and devs have gone back to putting tress and boulders at the end off the fields so the ai goes brain dead if youre towing anything longer than a lawn mower.I have played all the fs games since 2009 and this is by far the worst from the devs yet,dont get me wrong there are some nice new features but these are all over shadowed by bugs and general roughness off the game,you get the impression that this is a rushed game out for the money grab.A total let down and id stay well away if you love this series,youre money would be better spent buying 2017.P.S they are deleting negative comments on the forum,they deleted mine today so buyer beware.Well i put in many more hours into the game hoping i could bring you some good news but sadly this isnt the case,the only positive things i can say is the detailing on the tractors and implements is great as is the sound and also building youre own farm but thats it.The ai completely broke this evening after getting stuck against a tree,i had to save the game quit and reload to fix it.This game has many problems and is gonna need alot off patching and help from the modders to fix it.Its with a heavy heart that my final verdict is stay well away,if youre new to the game and want to try it i suggest you buy fs 17 which i think is reduced in the steam sale,it has good mod support and will give you a chance to get used to the mechanics off the game and will offer many hours of enjoyment.Really giants should have held this back until the new year,i will update this review as and when the patches come.I have managed to tweak the game a bit to get some enjoyment but at a price,i turned off the dynamic shadows which has improved the graphics and im only usiing the basic tools which are short so the ai can deal with the tress etc and plow the fields correctly,i also turned off the traffic so im not getting beeped at everytime i get to the end of a field,the tractor handling is still horrible and the lighting isnt great either but underneath this roughness theres a good fs game.Im not gonna change my verdict yet as i shouldnt really be having to do things like this to make the game playable,there are still quite a few bugs but i think with 2 or 3 patches and some maps from the modders theres a good game here but not yet but  its within reach.P.S the draw distance is pretty bad to,it either needs ajusting or a slider in the options so we can increase it acording to our gpu performance.
wilson0968	Not Recommended	1.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198140710774/	The game has too many problems;crashing problems, graphic problems, vehicles drive terribly,Theres no improvement from fs17, infact I would say it is a downgrade.Some of the good added features are the horses, cotton farming, purchasable land,but i dont think these things are good even to outweigh how bad some parts of the game are.
Phil Brown	Not Recommended	0.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198042122452/	All the issues from 13/15/17 are in 19. Made for console. If you have a G27, you will need to sort all controls as you will be spinning round. Mouse flashes button constantly in menus AFTER controls are set up. Some buttons can't be configured, so if you can't reach the keyboard, (because you have multi controlers), you can't map esc key to controler. You still have to press brake to drive backwards still...REALLY in a driving game?Better maps will be made, at home by average people, after a hard days work, than comes with the game. Equipment has been stripped from the game. They still leave the modders to provide the answers. No improvements to crop growth speed, no Seasons, no drive control, no courseplay, no improvements to hired helper. Feels more arcade than ever.Character creation is abismal. Male or female, 4 hairstyles, 4 faces. You can't wear a coat if you are female. Accesories equals, sunglasses.Maybe after 6 months, with mods, patches and enough negative reviews, with 50% off, it might be worth it. For now, stay on your lovely FS17 setup, fully modded and wait. You have been warned!
Xaphian	Recommended	20.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/xaphian/	I feel this deserves a thums up. The graphics ARE improved. Maybe not as much as people were wishing/thinking, but it has improved. It's unfortunate that people get so angry these days over things. Things to consider:The game did not recognize my wheel (Logitech g29) right away, but it was easily solved with a little troubleshooting (10 minutes maybe).graphic and ui IMPROVEMENTSadded details, such as sounds, minute and subtle details such as animated cabs and tranny shiftingease of gameplay and setup (again, had some minor issues)I'm going to stop there as to not disturb the slumber of the hate beast called the internet.
Mr Peppah	Not Recommended	0.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/MrPeppah/	Buggy, UI for placing items just messes up the map, and the American map is just a crap design.
Speedy J	Not Recommended	37.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197963685334/	Way too buggy for release. A total disaster, can't interact with map objects, random game freezes, and many controller issues. Avoid this game until fixed. Terrible QA.
Bubi	Not Recommended	1.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198030143982/	Wow pre-ordered, installed, wondered, refunded almost immediately. Owner of FS15 and FS17.1. Many brands but lot of equipment from FS 15,17 missing 2. Where are placeable trees?3. Where are greenhouses ?4 Where are wind turbines and solar panels ?5. You are able to "create" farm but you have very few options to pick up sheds, shelthers or halls 6. LOD is ridiculously small for 2019 looks really ugly poping shadows as well /all graphics stettings maxed/7. Maps are the worst part /they are just ugly FS15, FS17 are superior to this./ there are basically no forrests, sparse trees placed around map. Worst parts are near edges of map where they placed hills with ugly blurred textures so terrain looks like a cheap android game. I would say most modded FS15 and FS17 maps are far superior than this.8. I wonder why they put so much work to character customisation which is useless.I expected much more and I think if Giants will not bring brand new graphics engine in future edition FS is dead.Advice for buyers. If you have FS15 or FS17 play them with mods. You will get much better result than FS19.
MixedupJim	Not Recommended	1.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198004088470/	I love farming sim 17, I have quite a few hundred hours on it, and I was really looking forward to 19. Unfortunately it is a bit of a disappointment. PROS-  graphics do look better than 17 with some nice touches such as crops bending as you drive over them and birds appearing on the fields.- more complex crop management where you'll need to lime, fertilise, weed and plow depending on crop type.- new way of buying parcels of land rather than individual fields.- animals and farm house are now placeables allowing you to build the farm as you please.CONS- missing a lot of equipment that came with 17. i.e. no bale pickup trailers. no seed or fetilizer placables, no greenhouses etc- tools are split up into confusing groups e.g. seeders and planters - both do the same job!- encountered annoying bugs such as seeders missing chunks out of the middle of fields- only 2 maps which are pretty uninspiring.- pointless things like having a dog included over including useful stuff.- general feeling that too much has been missed out that DLC has been made a priority.- no improvement on basic AI. Why did they not implement some of the AI mods that were out for 17 such as the powerful "follow me" mod.- no Steam Workshop integration.Overall this feels like a very very lazy update. While the new graphics are nice it feels like too much stuff from 17 has been left out either to be patched in later or added as paid for DLC.If you're looking for a good farming sim then get Farming Sim 17. If you've already fot 17 then probably best to stick with it at least for the short term and wait for mods and DLC to become available to fill in the missing gaps.
Teach	Not Recommended	9.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198047869624/	This pains me to say, but after loving FS17 to death, FS19 appears to be early access gone wrong (and it's not even early access)Pros:-Graphics Engine is vastly improved-Tractor sounds are far betterCons:-Bugs Bugs Bugs Bugs       -The first few bugs I encountered weren't game breaking, but the more I played, the worse it got.  I had to reset the career twice.-Mission System is improved, but some tweaking needs to be done. (Missions not showing complete when you finish, not letting you work on a field that you have a contract to work on, etc.)-Missing essential equipment like flatbed trailers and other implements to do work around the farmTL:DR,I was afraid Giants bit off more than they could chew, and I believe I was right.  Maybe with some updates and mods, the game will get better.  If that happens, I will update this review.  Nov. 20, 2018
Mikkaav | XP	Not Recommended	3.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mikkaav/	I have played the previous generations of Farming Simulator Titles a lot and this one is probably the biggest disappointment so far in the Series.It's actually worse than FS17 by looks and feel when you leave out the "new features" and consider what's missing from FS17 for example.Many bugs like flickering shadows, lightning, reflections in the graphics section, problems with textures e.g. tire marks/tracks on ground etc.Many bugs with attachments and their behaviour, especially combine harvester headers. Also combines tend to get stuck while harvesting alot - lowered header gets stuck in the ground while harvesting.It shouldn't be a new standalone game.. rather a DLC for FS17 for 9.99 at max...Disappointed and money wasted...--- EDITED ---Really a pile of garbage - don't waste your money on this and keep playing FS17 instead!
Mr_Weenie	Not Recommended	1.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197987235183/	Worst game I ever played. Full of bugs and the controls are♥♥♥♥♥♥
NeOn	Not Recommended	32.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/neonlazer/	Like most games these days, this was not testing to get rid of the most obvious bugs. Graphics look a bit better, but nothing to write home about.
Zed	Not Recommended	20.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197972317470/	So♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off with this game the controlls wont map I have clubsport pedals v2 they will map to everything apart ftom throttle and break!  That is just one example of some of the many things wrong with this game. So many people having controller mapping problems and other things. This is meant to be a full game Not an ALPHA yet ive played more functional Alphas than this game. It should have never been released like this we pay full price for an un complete product. I do not recommend anyone to buy this game! Give your hard earned money to devs thats deserve it!
will	Not Recommended	6.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198079728070/	This will eventually be a great game, however, its unfinished, ill-thought out and it is so riddled with major, game breaking bugs that it is a bit of an insult to hard core FS fans like myself. I have never had anything bad to say about the previous games as I was happy to work arround or ignor things that i wasn't happy with but now we are 6 versions in and the original peeves are still there. What we have here is more of the same. Badly executed new features and very few improvements to the original features that everyone in the FS community has been harping on about for years.If you are a tottaly new player then im sure it will be a good game in its current form once the bugs are fixed but if you have been playing fs since 2009 you will be utterly disapointed.From what i can see, in its current form, its not a good enough change in any way shape or form to warrent buying now, over, continuing to play fs17 with all of the available mods. Had i known how bad this was going to be i would have waited 6 - 12 months for the modders to sort it out so it is at least on par with fs17 when i started with it.I had expected a step back in terms of content while the modding community do their thing, however i did expect the basics to be included and that the new features would keep me somewhat entertained while I wait but they really don't work so thats that out the window.Positives: - Graphics are better - It has some neat features such as bending crops. - Textures look more in depth- vehicle physics have improved. You can almost sense the weight in the machine and the suspension looks fab!- contracts feature is a nice addition and is far better than the old missions system in previous versions.- machine modeling is to a fantastic standard- menus and HUD have a much better, more modern aperance and they are less intrusive.- customisable equipment is in the game and the preview feature is good as you can see what you are getting.- you can empty product from the machines back into storage. i.e. seed, fert, etcNow for the bad stuff:Placeables system is a joke. tottaly useless, frustrating and lacking in items to build with. The terreforming is so so bad its just not worth the agrovation. Mappers have failed to put in areas for you to build on, theres no placable textures to build on, no roads to join up your farm to the map roads, you can only buy and place one house. This is by far the worst execution of what could have been a great addition to the game. Its totaly not fit for purpose!setting up controllers  is a nightmare, if you can acctually get them to work that is. We were told that we were getting full logitech support for wheels, game pads, joysticks etc. To me, that meant plug and play. I spent hours trying to get the controls to work. They randolmy worked for no reason after 3 hours of messing about with the mapping. Vehicles stuck in reverse, cranes ignoring the mapped buttons, flickering of icons, no support in the logitech gaming software as FS19 does not appear when scanning for games. Mine only started working when i went into fs17 then into fs19, At first my tractor was stuck flat out in reverse. It drove up and over the fence, crashed into a tree and suddenly started working.  The engine noises sound wierd and the volume levels for the tools are louder than the engines.The maps are nice to look at on the surfacet, but really boring and inconsistant to play on. Its like the map on GTA 5. we have a bit of everything. Mountains, coastline, beaches, hilly land, flat land... Great in gta  but not very realistic in farming sim over such a small area. Fields have a token jesture of irregular shapes but we still have 90 degree corners, no fences, hedges or anything to break up the fields. There are fields just plonked onto the landscape, some require driving over ridiculous terrain to get to them as there are no tracks to drive down to get to the field. The other new features such as horses and dogs. Great to have, but, they have spent time working on useless stuff like this rather than improving on what we had in the last versions of the game. Why have we not seen new equipment and textures for root crop farming for example. These crops require more equipment, more processes and a different way of farming to cereals. Why are we still missing GPS, Courseplay, follow me and a whole host of stuff that die hard fans of the game can't live without.hired workers are just as useless as beforeai traffic is not any betterThe choice of tools dont match the choice of tractors. i.e. ploughs. you get a 2.5 meter wide 3 point fixed plough or the next one up is a big trailed plough. So the fixed one could go on a small tractor and the next one up would need a big tractor. where's the option for medium tractors? Same with trailers. The only flat bed available is a tiny sigle axel trailer that a compact tractor would pull.Contracts reward money seems to have no relationship to the task. Spraying a field which takes 5 mins pays £4500. Ploughing a field with a pathetically small plough which takes half the day to do yeilds £2500?The forestry equipment is unusable due to control issues. The booms telescopic in and out on their own with other crane movements and the buttons mapped to control the telescopic booms, don't work. I went through the mapping countless times, doesn't work. Then i discover that the harvester wont slew when the cranes do??Other bugs i found within miniutes of playing;deadzone setting reset themselves to defaultJD corn header gets stuck on the header traileryou reset a vehicle, it takes all the fuel awayicons at the store dont workthe list goes on.My advise, wait 12 months for it to be made playable by the modders. Continue to play FS17 while you wait
barkerjoseph	Not Recommended	22.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198031561059/	Bugs! Bugs! Bugs! Bugs! Bugs!Game crashes in multiplayer about every 30-45 minutes if you are hosting. Progress lost---- Latest patch did not fix G27 wheel issues and game still unstable as above. Released way before it was ready! Not happy to be paying my hard earned money to be a beta tester.
rblam37	Not Recommended	29.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198423807401/	please fix the log glitches. so gay
mayhem17	Recommended	9.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/bnreaper/	Don't know why the hate for the 19 version....Yes it has less vehicles, yes it has a bug or another, but it's the first week and let's face, who used all the vehicles in fs17 anyway?The game is the best software I know that has an impressive mod tools and compatibility, with time the garage will grow (I played FS17 with 1200 mods without error!)Pros:- Game engine revamped (better graphics but requires better hardware)- New brands (John Derre, american semi trailers, etc)- A dog, horses- Build your own farm (pleaceables)- Buy land instead of fields- More realistic behavior of machines (but still no gearbox)- New crops (Oat, Cotton)- Dynamic hoses and dashboard illumination (finally!)Cons:- Seasons will take a while to appear- A lot of brands didn't return (in my opinion is just a matter of time till some mods conversions start appearing)- There isn't much pleaceables (mods will take care of that)- No multiterrain angle in vanilla (why giants, why?)- Vanilla maps lack realism and appeal (mods will take care of that too)- Some bugs (still first week guys)- As of this review Giants did not released Giants Editor for mods
Vert Startail	Recommended	31.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198027864829/	This game is great.  I can't for the life of me figure out why people keep saying the graphics are not different that 17.  I quite literally play this game on a potato (less than min req) and yet I can see a great improvement in the graphics over 17.  Sure there are some bugs but you have to remember the devs can't test it on everyone's computer before they release the game.  Ever configuration is different and brings potential issues.I look forward to putting many many hours into this game.  Absolutely worth every penny.
spun430	Not Recommended	0.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/spun430/	WOW this one is bad. The graphics looked somehow worse than fs17. I really wanted this to be good. The vehicles almost seemed cartoony looking and glitchy. I returned after about an hour. Total dissapointment. Also really weird this went from Mixed Reviews yesterday and the day before to mostly positive overnight...
RuntySolution4	Not Recommended	6.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198113844416/	Spent 700 hours on FS15 and FS17 and was very much looking forward to FS19 but it has been disappointing to say the least.With great anticipation I loaded it up for the first time entering a strange character creation screen. It's all a bit whatever, theres nothing really there that made me want to spend time making a character...  So into the game i go, $1.25 million in the bank, lets build this farm!!That is where my heart sinks once i have my first attempt of placing buildings.  It is one of the most frustrating building experiences i have had.  The game does it's own terrain deforming when you place a building and majority of the time looks terrible as its so steep.  After restarting the game 5 times to get the farmhouse in a spot that looks organic, next mission is the silo and storage sheds.  Same problem, the ground deforms, creating steep edges on the edge of the placeable making it look shocking.  I delete a shed to move it over a little and the damn ground stays the same height and with an ashphalt texture....Now Im♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off and have to restart the game because i havent saved it before buying each placeable.  I havent even driven a vehicle yet and Im cursing Giants for such a poor building system.  This was one of their major features and it sucks.  There is 3 sheds to choose from down on the number we had in FS17.  There is no more passive money making placeables like the solar panels, wind turbine etc.  I used to use these to offset my vehicle costs as a lot of others did...So after about 10 - 20 restarts i finally have a decent looking farm and Im done with the placables, what a nightmare.  Time to buy some vehicles....  Get my first tractor with a front end loader and start attempting to configure the controls.  This is where I get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off again.  If you set invert Y axis it only does it on foot not in the vehicle.  So I change the vehicle look stick allocation and that fixes it.  Or so I thought.  Now its bugging out when I try use the front loader arm and I cant look around.  Have to exit the vehicle and get back in to be able to look around again.Its at this point i have to take a break after 2 hours playing to calm down.  Im thinking to myself wtf have they done to FS??I perservered for another 4 hours of game time and i've made up my mind now.  Its a thumbs down from me at this time.  Too many bugs make it a frustrating experience and it needs patching ASAP.  The new UI sucks, the icons for grain types makes it so hard to know what is what. You have to constantly change between menu screens to figure out what you're planting or selling.  Also why has the tractor tool selection icon been moved up to the top left corner by itself?  Leave it down with the speedo!!! I've also found the lack of trailers annoying.  There isnt a single flatbad for loading pallets and bales on and there is only one low loader for moving equipment.  Why would you remove such important trailers from the game? It makes no sense at all.Im sure I will sink hundreds of hours into this game eventually but for now im done playing it until the modders make it enjoyable.  Then i can get my 50 bucks worth
sidrat	Not Recommended	19.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/sidrat2010/	I've played the game from Farming Simulator 15 and sadly the same issues persist in this title too.These issues are fixable and should have been addressed to drive the series forward in innovative ways.Firstly, the main issue is the control scheme.  The default mouse and controller sensitivity is as low as to require either a lot of space to move the mouse around or aggravatingly long control stick movements.  Even with the sensitivity increased to 200% the maximum it still moves rather slowly.If that wasn't poor enough, the configuration of controls, instead of being grouped are in a complete list format so unless you are aware of or can test each vehicle type for the axis controls it has, there's no easy way to change to bindings in order for easier control of different vehicle types such as cranes and telehandlers.While managing the settings on a trailer bed or harvester is easy enough, the physics also leave a lot to be desired with invisible bounding boxes where there's no reason for them to be, such that moving heavy items around and loading them on to trailers is a chore rather than the experience this game should be delivering to its players.  There are also reports of people facing issues with their dedicated controller set ups that worked wonders in Farming Simulator 17, which makes it even stranger for Giants to drop the ball so incredibly hard.Further there are extra crop types but still you buy one box of seeds and magically switch to what you want those seeds to be.  Certainly ease of use and quality of life but an option for stock control would be nice to have in a simulator.  There's also a very limited selection of vegetables, where as I would love to see fields of brassicas alongside the wheat and potato fields.Hopefully content of this type will be released in a further expansion, even more hopefully that expansion will be free to justify a full price game that doesn't actually have that new game feel.I really want to recommend this game but until the control scheme is easier to manage and the strength and sensitivity of axis are addressed I sadly cannot in good faith do so.Please rate the review and leave a comment, from any viewpoint.  Conversation is welcome. 
mitsubishi909	Not Recommended	1.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198018516606/	I never post reviews but I just felt obligated to with this one.With a collective of 655 hours between FS15 and FS17 here is my opinion on FS19. Holy overhyped batman! I've been waiting for this to release for quite awhile now, counting down the days till I can "Farm like never before." While the slogan (like most) is completely vague, it is true. New crops, animals and John Deere implements are very welcome additions to the franchise and suffices the "Farm like never before" quota. I didn't notice much of a graphical change, very FS17 (like a lot of other people are saying) like style and feel. I did like how the crops moved when you swung your sprayer boom into them, makes it a little more immersive.I do like the new store menu how everything is categorized and subcategorized so I'm not scrolling like crazy to the right looking through ALL tractors. The ESC menu is a little worse than FS17 and I really dislike how you almost have to hunt for the 'quit game' buttom (atleast I didn't discover an easier way than through the options menu.)My BIGGEST disappointment and the one thing that excited me the most about this game is the "Start from Scratch" mode. Maybe it's just the poor maps (more on that in a minute) but I was looking forward to starting my farm from a forest and having to chop down a bunch of trees and hollow out my farming area. They really limit you on where you can easily start your farm. I spent a good portion of my time just figuring out where I would start and how I would expand but both maps are VERY hilly. I would see a decent spot from the ESC map view and think "oh that would work ok" then run there and realized where I was going to put my buildings was on top of a steep hill with trees and a communications tower.I really like the land purchasing system where you purchase a plot of land instead of just a field. Makes it feel a little more like your land instead of your field. Both maps feel very similar and aren't that great (in my style of play I suppose.) A couple clusters of small fields, lots of medium to large fields and both have a lot of hills which limit field expanding. A lot of the smaller fields I was trying to start my farm around were on inclines which made it nearly impossible for light to medium tractors to even drive up while harvesting potatoes or sugar beets. The vehicle selection seems smaller than FS17 as well although the new purchase screen is AWESOME. I love being able to see the product from a 360 degree view and see the different options actually applied onto the product before I purchase it. I assume that the smallish product roster will be remedied with paid for DLC (miss early 2000s era of gaming where DLC was already in the game) but hopefully some free DLC? *dreamy eyed*I believe FS19 to be the worst one I've played of the three (FS15, FS17 and FS19) but it may have the best foundation to be patched into my favorite one once they polish it a little more and more mods get going (hopefully courseplay and more realism mods are sooner rather than later.)I think FS19 has the potential to be a solid addition to the franchise, but only with mod help and more maps. It was severely overhyped (in my opinion) and I was completely underwhelmed.You're probably reading this on the fence about purchasing it and my questions to you are: Do you own FS17? If so, pass on FS19 until on sale or patched into health. Do you like mods? If so, wait a few weeks, maybe it'll be on sale by then. Are you looking to carve out your own farm from the wilderness like I was? If so, pass on it until either GIANTS introduces better maps for it or (the more likely) some wonderful hero creates a good map for it. Would this be your first Farming Simulator game? It may be worth the purchase. By the time you fully understand it and can comprehend more complex farming there will probably be some DLC or mods available.Everything considered?Swing and a miss... for now. 
Jack	Recommended	53.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198072113884/	I really like what I see so far! General improvements over FS17 include:Better graphicsFar more vehicles and implementsMore cropsBetter/smarter AI (For instance your field helper won't leave unplowed areas along the edges of your field)Auto recognized my Logitech wheel without me having to change settings in other softwareAI drivers now keep running while you browse the menusDriving is a bit more realistic. There is a delay starting out as if you're shifting gears as well as other minor things.The only downsides are:There was no improvement in physics from other FS gamesStill no ground/mud/dirt physicsThe mouse sensativity, even turned all the way up is still a tad low for my taste.I have not tested Multiplayer, but from what I've seen, if you liked FS17, you'll love this!
Massey	Recommended	26.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198803559493/	Initial impressions, been playing since FS13 and I think Giants really got it right for the FS community with this one.   I'm seeing features I liked from both FS15 and 17 and great new features that you could previously get from FS17 mods.  Love the gameplay and the ravenport map so far.  Haven't gotten into the other maps at this early stage, but they look great.  Graphics are vastly improved and many farm simmers will appeciate the improvements.  Can't see where reviewers are saying no graphics improvement or bugs.  I haven't encountered either of those issues and the game is running great.  If you follow farm sim and the modding community, I definitely can recommend  FS19!  Best version yet.
jlong1983	Recommended	14.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198304431634/	An amazing game worth all 35 40 bucks
SamanTK	Not Recommended	52.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198016890016/	Hmm. I'm not happy. I like the game, but not for such a price. It looks like a bigger update of previous versions.However map is more live now, it's still old FS because:Few minutes of playing and my trailer was teleported.Still no 5.1 sound. Why? Primitive games got 5.1.Antialiasing? Giants doens't know what is it.AI helper got new level of "♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥".Right upper info isn't visible in some directions. Why it is white? Dynamic color or small background is problem?Sunny day and sound of wind is too much intesive.Very limited number of buildings.Running is faster (it's good), even fater than driving cars. (it's not good)Biggest plus is info about fields.If you don't need "new" game, don't buy it.Thumbs down for protest.Giants are giant money suckers.Propably second and last FS which I bought.PS: who from Giants can hear grass destruction from cabin of tractor when engine is on? :-D
gabecnelson	Not Recommended	0.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198281664491/	Graphics: Nice. Interface and key binding: POOR, then, oh, what's this? FREEZE of my game when trying to enter a vehicle. F  me, what version are the developers playing with their ridiculously fluffy cliche streams? Sorry, this is pathetic excuse that I had high hopes for. Gonna take a lot of LEGITIMATE quality to get me back in the fold.
captainradish	Recommended	1.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197975735833/	Things I like:1.) It's far better graphics wise from FS17 to FS19 than it was FS15 to FS17.2.) Love the new start scenarios. I always hated auto owning fields. Now I have the option to not!3.) Workers seem to be much more intelligent.4.) Information is easier to find (in general). It's a tad bit overwhelming at first, though.5.) The two new maps are very nice. I was worried it'd be a rehash of FS17's DLC.6.) I like the handling of vehicles. They seem to have weight now.7.) Love the vehicle preview.8.) Still has good mod support.9.) Really like the mission list.Things I don't like:1.) Why can't I open doors yet? I have all these worthless building I can't do anything with. I have a garage with an interior I can't enter. I have a house I can only use a fraction of.2.) No older equipment. I know mods will take care of this, but it's frustrating from someone who used the Old-Timers pack from FS13 almost exclusively. I love starting with very cheap equipment. I'm hoping the Stalinec S-60 will be ported quickly.3.) Microstuttering on very high graphics. I'm not quite sure yet if this is an issue with my PC or the game not being quite as efficient as it can be.4.) No people? The world seems a bit empty. I may just be not seeing them, though.All in all, it seems to me to be a decent addition to the franchise. I'm pleased so far and probably will be more so when the modding floodgates open. I'm really hoping there's more of an interest with FS19 than FS17 seemed to get.
TigerMusky	Not Recommended	31.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TigerMusky/	I'm gonna start off with just saying what I am thinking right now. It is a really fun and enjoyable game, however, it has aspects of the game that just make it unbearable. A key part of being able to make any money is expanding your fields with a plow. Once you expand you will most likely need to cut down trees since the AI refuse to go anywhere near trees and such. Cutting down the trees and moving the trees is a huge pain in the butt. Right now my best tractor is stuck and the lumber mill, because the log physics boxes are all over the place. I tried hitting it out with my combine,but to no avail. I do not want to just reset it either since I do not want to place like that and I would like to sell the large amount of wood that I have on my trailer. This game needs some serious improvements in those aspects and then it can become great. Needs work on those items and then I will have no issue.
Miku Hatsune 01	Recommended	1.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198180084258/	The graphics are great in this game if you have a good pc. I have noticed a lot of people complaining about no graphics change but there has been a lot I have noticed. Some miner issues from the start with sensitivity and graphics but if you know what you are doing it will be a great game for you.
LudicrousFox	Not Recommended	46.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Ludicrousfox/	Well where can i start.....well the title has 19 in it, So having pre ordered it when it was avaiable to do so i couldnt wait till it finally released. I played for 2 hours initially and was disapointed in the ring of rendering. From freezing and trying my hardest to find flat ground to put my animal pens on without having an ugly raised ridge felt me feeling like maybe this farming sim may be a flop. Well herea to hoping that we may see some solutions to these day one issues. 
Hannah_Banana19	Not Recommended	5.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/hannahbanana19/	Really looking forward to this after playing fs17 for ages, but not even being able to move properly makes this such a dissapointmentpc specs for referencei7 8750H @ 2.20gh16gb ddr4 ramgtx 1050ti 4gbProblems I encountered in first 30 mins:1)constant frame rate drops2)control scheme for anything but keyboard is ridiculous, especially on the $400 Logitech heavy equipment bundle, which I bought specifically for this game3)changing axis deadzones or sensitivity at all makes character and camera move by itself4)faster mouse movement means slower camera movement, and vice versa5)steering with keyboard/controller/wheel has input lag, wheels do not instantly snap to input position6)trying to enter combine harvester during initial tutorial crashes gamecant think of any more without playing game for another 5 mins, but those are the major problems
demvelle	Not Recommended	14.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198054477677/	so far the game is utter trash and i feel like i wasted my money. they NEED a patch to fix all the bugs. In the first half hour of gameplay i noticed over a half dozen bugs. its sad that its that bad. The graphics (other than crop bending) almost feel worse than the last two games. Giant, fix your game or dont release a game until its ready.
hqliving	Not Recommended	46.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198338587140/	I've been playing FS-x  for many versions.  I was hoping Giants would integrate some of the good mods available for game play.  The graphics seems to get  better with every version, (FS-19 4k), but the AI has changed only moderately, and with Mod help.  Nothing has changed the strange behavior of trees when clearing the borders of the fields.   I use a front loader with a log claw to load my log trailer if the trees don't fall out of the claw or jump up in the air or float when picking up its neighboring limb....  ... in FS-15 the logs would jump away from the woos chipper, at the last second. ...in FS-17  if you took advantage of the prices of bailed silage you had to be careful when dumping the bails in the grinder, at the BMG,  or the bails would bounce into the air like a kicked football.   FS-19 the same old car with Newer paint and New tires!
Gabi27	Recommended	10.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Gabi2727/	From what I played until now and will be playing I can say that it's a good game, it's an improvement from FS17, but, there's a big BUT here, it has some issues that I really hope GIANTS are going to fix in the next few weeks maybe. Other than that I say it's worth buying if you like the farming franchise.
Moose	Not Recommended	9.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198004894434/	The graphics are somewhat better, John Deere is in the game, It doesn't rain through the buildings anymore, and the machines and buildings are beautifully detailed. Other than that I paid 35.00 for FS17 AGAIN. The physics are horrible None of the doors open and close on the buildings no ground deformation the suspension on the vehicles barley moves.  There are no small or meduim sized AMERICAN tractors, they all have the front PTO and 3 point linkage. American tractors do not have this. There are no seasons bult into the game. Its almost like Giants puts in the smallest possible effort and lets the modding commuity do all the heavy lifting. I am very very dissapointed in this game . I would have happily paid 70 dollars for good complete game that included the features everyone wanted. I do understand they have a price point they want to stay within, if this is the reason for all the short commings possibly two versions of the game or a 30 40 dollar DLC?
samy	Not Recommended	27.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197970401282/	The Progression curve is far from optimal
nelis1846	Not Recommended	14.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/nelis1846/	first of all, i think GIANTS Software is better at making fancy CGI trailers instead of actually making a proper game. i have always hated those CGI ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t trailers because it is in no way an accurate representation of what the game is like. i call those CGI trailers pure desceptive marketing. disgusting!i think Farming Simulator 19 is AT LEAST what Farming Simulator 17 should have been.Farming Simulator 19 still has certain ugly spots from Farming Simulator 17.my thoughts on Farming Simulator 19:- horrible crop draw distance- small shadow circle around the player ( easy to see when zooming far out )- all vehicles sound like they have one gear so no gearbox simulation- the sounds of AI vehicles are very low-effort- the sounds of the player vehicles are boring to say the least ( mostly due to the missing gearbox simulation )- most things feel very stiff, dead and uptight and waaaaay too clean ( a real-life cotton harvester is a good example )- generally a lot of missing detail to make the game feel alive ( see the line above this line )- the ingame character looks like a stiff robot ( i prefered to not see the character because it was done so poorly )in short, there are too many things missing in this game so i think Farming Simulator 19 is not worth the price. i am glad i was able to purchase Farming Simulator 19 for a lower price than the price asked on Steam.GIANTS Software has to get their head out or their♥♥♥♥♥♥and do something about the current state of the game regardless of what the reason is. i doubt that money is the problem.
[SAG]GlassCannon	Recommended	43.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198056519263/	Alright so what to say, it has some bugs that need worked out. I personally think the game looks the best it has in year's. The cab veiw has been polished very nicely, and the body now looks smooth and clear, rather than patchy textures from before. The maps that ship with the game have no real area to place your farms that is optimal. The AI is still the same which is a bummer. All in all i think its a fun game but it's still very simular to FS 17, seem's a bit rushed and could have more than the few changes it had. The lack of John Deere equipment to go with the tractors and such is kind of depressing. i hope it will come with a DLC and such. Buy it and try it, im but one man.
The Lazer Viking	Recommended	16.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/psychotogen/	Pros:- Graphics and animations have been noticeably improved. Weather, crop flattening, reflections, vehicles bouncing while working a field and other stuff like that. - Vehicle handing has also been greatly improved. Cons: - Placables now create levelled ground where they're placed and add a new texture (asphalt, concrete etc) around the placement. That's all fine and good, but there's no option to place a placable without the texture. Also, the texture remains there after you remove the placable and you can't get rid of it with the roller. - No ground modification tool in base game, which would be the greatest asset when creating your own farm. It seems like this feature would be easy to implement with the system mentioned above changing ground textures. - Joystick binding seems to be very buggy at this point in time. Some axes are not registering and in the menus it seems to not be able to decide whether you're using kb/m or stick and flashes between controls. (May just be my joystick however.)I guess that's it so far. Overall It's an okay start and I'm sure the modding community will take it to the next level.
!LG! Ne11mar	Not Recommended	4.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/gabebarker/	Highly disappointed in Giants this year around. Farming Sim is one of my favorite zen-games, just launch and relax. Everytime I tell my friends I enjoy this game, they think I'm joking. But I sincerely do.With that being said, Farming Sim 2019 is the buggiest launch they've ever had. And their approach is disgraceful. I have a shadow bug (some do, some don't from what I've seen) where in their attempt to make shadows update in real time, it results in an unplayable strobing affect. I can't describe it, it's just flashing shadows, like a disco party.On a discussion post, one of the developers had the audacity to claim that it wasn't a bug, and it was supposed to be this way and failed to indicate whether they were working towards a fix at all. Here is the forum post[forum.giants-software.com] for those who are curious. Absolutely unacceptable, and the developer response turns something that is annoying into something that is now offensive, "not a bug," whatever.
Underscore_101_3	Not Recommended	18.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/_101_/	I seriously want to be positive, but I couldn't find anything to be positive about,[Edit a day later: I did like that you can now use your own equipment for the jobs, but it's not enough.[end edit]. If this had been FS17, all praise to the developers, but this FS19 is FS17 in a new coat, or a new hairdo, once you're used to that it's still the same, the game looks (yes the maps are different indeed) the same, "feels" the same, and issues I had with FS17 are still the same (boring and terrible AI traffic, too complicated controls, terrible support for wheels (Thrustmaster TMX) and a few more). The birds in the fields ar a nice addition, but they also just land in front of your vehicle and don't die when you drive over them.To me it feels like I paid full game price for a map dlc, vehicles aren't really new, the Krone ones came as a dlc in fs17, some came from the somewhere in south america (can't think of the name) dlc.I played FS17 for well over 400 hours, with FS19 i'm done with it after 10 hours, all of which can be found on Youtube, but I don't want to spam my channel :-), basicly you see me struggle through getting my barings straight and once I got that right I got bored :-).On the bright side... I can now go back to playing Euro Truck Simulator 2 :-) .... i wish SCS got involved with making FS19
eXtremeAzure	Not Recommended	17.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/princeakr/	Product received for free
RockingMP	Not Recommended	4.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mcisme/	So I cannot recomend this game AS OF RIGHT NOW. Its Farm sim 17 with more unoptimized graphics. I have an I7 4790K and a GTX 1080TI, and my graphics cardd will be at 90% ussage at times, and I still get lag, and dips in frames. The game crashes without warning at times, and It has many small annoying issues. Until they spend the time to fix these issues, just wait to get the game.
shugo22	Not Recommended	56.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197992984647/	farming simulator 19 is the most bugged game i have ever played from GIANTSthe game it wery buggy grapic are flickering the trees are the same as in fs17 same model same glitchesforesty equipment havent changed one bit from fs17 the clavs are worthless and cant hold on to anything the log claw for the front loader is as bad as allways the chip machine stil dosent allway grab the logs forcing you to jump up and cutting it up in to smaller so you can lift itplace able buildings:deco object - silos - farm house rotate as they shouldpastures dont they only have 4 angles making it imposible to plase them so it looks goodi notice on ravenport all pastures whant to face the same direction as the biogas plant doeswhy i have no idea but wery annoingthe AI worker it wery dumb and destructeble crop are not regristret from themso forget about using them to make good lines for fertilizer/pestesidesthey dont allway aling them self with the field at the beginning of a taskwitch makes them worse than fs17for eksample hire a worker to fertilize when he gets to the end off the field he will back backward on to the field again to turn back up to the edge and continue his jobsingle player: dont buy it stay with fs17 or atleast wait a couple of patchmultiplayer:GIANTS have done this part wery well did not play that much mp in fs17 but in fs19the systen is easy to use easy to config ho is allowed to do whatnot to mention the team system i love iteven thoug i love farming simulator i cannot recommend this game as it at the momenti even vonder why they did not wait with the releasei gues to many cry babies whant it way to fast and GIANTS gave in for the pressureit dont fell like a full release it feels like a bugged beta
POIZonner	Not Recommended	0.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197977637871/	I don't know what is the problem with game developers these days. This game is full of bugs right after the release. As most games these days. If you own FS17, don't even bother with this one.  Gameplay and all controls are exactly the same, but with less content in the game. I would welcome at least some basic option to setup force feedback. At least center spring would be nice. And I hate reversing with braking pedal. Don't tell me it is so dificult to program at least some basic gears, like FWD and REW.
THE_BARON	Not Recommended	25.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/thebaronlander/	if you liked fs15/17 then this isnt the game for you. they stripped back alot of the mechanics in this game and replaced them with slightly improved graphics and did nothing about the bugs and exploits in the previous games. while the amount of brands in the game has increased the amount of machines and tools ofered has dipped drastically. there is one flat bed in the entire game so if you like manually loading bales then you are just gonna have to deal with only being able to transport 8 bales at a time, they removed the round bale collector so even if you liked the automatic way you can get screwed. the early access dlc is one machine that can tow barely anything and will flip the second you clip a curb. chances some of the issues will be patched but its more likely it will be fixed with paid dlc. in summary this game feels like a reskinned fs13 that is goning to rely entirely upon paid dlc to be any good.
Aeronerd	Not Recommended	27.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197984206584/	FS19 offers a small graphical improvement, the addition of john Deere, but the removal of several other useful implements, trailers, etc. from the game.   The workers are bugged, and the number of placeables to "make your own farm" is worringly low.Give the game some time to be patched, and for the mod community to fill in the holes that exist in equipment on release.   Until then just buy FS17 as it will be more enjoyable for at least the near future.I'll re-check this review in a few months to see if the game state has improved.
DerpPartySupplier	Not Recommended	19.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Lolar7997/	I was surprised by all the positive reviews  . . . Then when one identifies the same words in the same pattern, from the same country posted within a few minutes of each other, it not hard to see the Giants paid for positive reviews.  It more than obvious when people connected to Giants start making reviews.    All we are saying is that when you get 500 positive reviews from the same town in Finland, we kind of get you game.  It ♥♥♥♥♥♥ and you paid for good reviews.  This is probably the worst of the Farm Simulators I have played from Giants.  The whole game is buggy.  The physics’ are outrageously bad.  I have seen the Lizard Truck and tipper full of wheat go flying half the map for no apparent reason.  Pallets of goods do the same thing, I not been able to find where they land.  The forestry aspect is buggy. I had a portion of a log in the tractors claw, the tractor was tipping sideways, and shaving the ends corrected the problem. The AI tends to skip when planting, plowing, and harvesting.  The red implements to to skip when planting, even with seed. The brakes,  Giants has a thing against brakes.  99% of the trailers in the real world have breaks and will slow down in sync with the vehicle pulling them. The roads are pretty tight and winding, expect to get caught up on everything.Farm Sim 17 is still better than this buggy game.
Gamboh	Not Recommended	0.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Gamboh/	Absolutely TERRIBLE performance.I generously overcome the system requirements for this game, and I am getting a great deal of stuttering all of the time, everywhere I go. Task manager shows GPU and CPU utilization around 50%. It's locked to 60FPS, mouse accelleration is super weird, and there are few new vehicles (if any.)FS2017 was better than this for performance, and definitely had enough features to hold my attention. No thanks.
snaker	Recommended	18.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jakemckinnongames/	impressive 9/10 giants big thumbs up form me im going to play this game alot
ghost2296	Not Recommended	8.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198056056103/	Same game just save your money and play the older ones
Strapity	Recommended	10.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198248521986/	AWESOME GAME
BarDown519	Not Recommended	28.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198216541424/	Let down so far from the gameplay there are so many issues with placing objects and preforming the harvesting. This was supposed to be the best upcoming game for FS but truly just a let down at this point.  3/10
ransomoshields	Recommended	56.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198060287872/	*Edited* Play with a modern computer, don't try to play modern games with a rig you built 4 years ago and then complain that the game crashes. Seriously all the negative reviews are from people with outdated computers crying that new games won't run smoothly. I have a 1060 and i5 and this game runs amazingly smooth. Truly they improved the game engine quite a bit! It looks amazing, and plays very smooth. Enjoying most of the changes, however I miss the ability to build Wind Turbines, and Solar for gaining money passively. Once modding community sinks their teeth into this amazingly beautiful and fun addition, it will be 10/10!
Dchild59	Recommended	64.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/dchild59/	This game is amazing and everything I ever wanted in a farming simulator worth the money!! They have added a lot to do a lot of new equipment and a lot more customization to almost everything now which I find way more realistic. (I don’t think this game deserves a bad review just because the American has garbage).I really enjoy the open world and being able to setup everything for your own farm and they different type of modes, if you want to start out easy with farm land and equipment or hard starting from scratch.They removed the easy money arcade type stuff such as bee hives, and solar panels which apparently is upsetting some people. The AI is not the greatest and never has been which is fine, it takes an only a few seconds to fix their mistakes there’s no different between this FS and any older versions with the AI. Playing with a group of people never had anyone game crashing or problem with graphics or anything. Server runs great. Still a great game!
mrcasey	Not Recommended	2.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197970479585/	I have 380 hrs in FS15.  375 hrs in FS17.  I enjoyed both games.  I think the series is getting a little long in the tooth for me and is in need of some refreshing changes.  IMHO, if you have FS17 there is no need for this one.  Same old same old with a new shine.
Schmiddy	Recommended	70.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SchmiddyKnows/	After putting almost 13 hours in (and many more to come) I was surprised to see the mixed rating, so decided to throw my voice out there. I'm not going to put out a full detailed review at this time because I'm too busy enjoying the game, but it's safe to say that the game is a marked improvement in nearly every way to fs2017. Currently there are some minor bugs which werent present previously, but I'm sure those will get fixed, things like UI buttons getting after clicking so you can't click them again (which is easy to remedy by backing out and opening up the menu again).
T3xt	Recommended	30.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/T3xt/	A huge update from FS17, everything is way smoother and looks nicer in general. The game is very well optimized. The only problem with the game is that it is lacking placeables and there is only one proper area for your placeables and that is the main farm. If you want to play with friends and you both want to build your own farm, only one guy will be able to have a proper farm, rest needs to build on fields and grass. Giants, if you add the option to play competitively atleast add 4 separate farms for the players.
RedTheLegendary	Not Recommended	62.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198244777172/	Game is okay. Missing a lot of features, lack of trailers for hauling equipment, one low loader that was in fs17, overall im quiet dissapointed. Having played  a little more I still cant recommend this over fs17. How is there this many things missing? There isnt a trailer to pull with the pickup to haul machinery so you have to a semi or what ive done is use the cotton trailer. The logging is terrible, logs get stuck in your log fork, the hit boxess on the trees is 3x the size of the tree in most cases. Handling of pallets is 5x worse than what is was in fs17, oh but dont worry we got a dog in return.
RedTheLegendary	Not Recommended	62.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198244777172/	Game is okay. Missing a lot of features, lack of trailers for hauling equipment, one low loader that was in fs17, overall im quiet dissapointed. Having played  a little more I still cant recommend this over fs17. How is there this many things missing? There isnt a trailer to pull with the pickup to haul machinery so you have to a semi or what ive done is use the cotton trailer. The logging is terrible, logs get stuck in your log fork, the hit boxess on the trees is 3x the size of the tree in most cases. Handling of pallets is 5x worse than what is was in fs17, oh but dont worry we got a dog in return.
mrcasey	Not Recommended	2.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197970479585/	I have 380 hrs in FS15.  375 hrs in FS17.  I enjoyed both games.  I think the series is getting a little long in the tooth for me and is in need of some refreshing changes.  IMHO, if you have FS17 there is no need for this one.  Same old same old with a new shine.
Stellar	Recommended	73.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Stellar73/	Even some say they are dissapointed and I am not saying they are completely wrong in their claims, I still would like to keep flag high and believe that Giant will deliver with mod makers and make this brightest one in series yet. So once again here we go, farm or die!
Dchild59	Recommended	64.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/dchild59/	This game is amazing and everything I ever wanted in a farming simulator worth the money!! They have added a lot to do a lot of new equipment and a lot more customization to almost everything now which I find way more realistic. (I don’t think this game deserves a bad review just because the American has garbage).I really enjoy the open world and being able to setup everything for your own farm and they different type of modes, if you want to start out easy with farm land and equipment or hard starting from scratch.They removed the easy money arcade type stuff such as bee hives, and solar panels which apparently is upsetting some people. The AI is not the greatest and never has been which is fine, it takes an only a few seconds to fix their mistakes there’s no different between this FS and any older versions with the AI. Playing with a group of people never had anyone game crashing or problem with graphics or anything. Server runs great. Still a great game!
Gingy The Gingerbread	Recommended	9.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198131406335/	Good game
Hny Bdgr	Not Recommended	0.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kiwigamingyt/	Avoid right now, buy in a bit.This should have been realesed alot later or put under early access until it was completey ready. Reading the fourms and Discord,the amount of bugs is amazing, some really big features arent evenin the game yet and we are being told they will 'come soon' as they arent ready and couldn't make it in time for the release, people would have been more happy with the delayed release than being given this game that the just paid a fair bit of money for. That being said I havent even got as far as the menu, with a GTX 1070 ti and an i7 it has noexuse for crashing on the TITLE screens!!!
zivyterc	Not Recommended	19.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/zivyterc/	This is not FS19, but rather FS17.5. The game basically still looks and plays the same as before. There really are no important new features, Cotton? Just another fruit type and few new machines. Horses? Who cares... We still don't have seasons and soil deformation, which would be true farming simulation.Edit: the game is also significantly bugged, feels like an early access POS.
Beneath The Wreckage	Not Recommended	1.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197968380715/	I need more for my 35 dollars. I am not going to pay for another patch Giants!If you really need a farming fix pick up FS15 or FS17. There 100% the same game less a few minor improvments.GIants needs to stop wasting money on CGI trailers and put the money where it counts. Refunded.  
Schlag	Not Recommended	29.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mschlageter89/	Save your money until there's a patch that fixes all the issues. This release has more bugs than all the previous releases combined. (Please don't delete this to fudge the review ratio)Will chaange when the proper fixes are added to the game.
Lid	Not Recommended	11.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198009043162/	After playing every Farming simulator since the first came out back in 2008 as Landwirtshaft. I can say this is the biggest anti-climax yet. I understand they have improved some of the lighting to the game so it 'looks' nicer, however a lot of the graphics are still very poor, textures having a view distance of about 100m and even if you turn up the distance the game is so badly optimzed it just lags like mad. This is one small problem with the graphical 'improvements' I've found in the huge list I could write under this catergory considdering Giants seemes to have made this there main focus for FS19.. Being a tractor driver as an occupation, there are so many things in farming 'simulator' which just arent particularly realistic, lack of development to the main mecahnics of the game are the biggest let-down for FS2019, seeing something as basic as seasons or even a courseplay type system on the base-maps would have been a major addition in my opinion. Textures of certain crops are way of, such as wheat; the crop is about 1.5m tall if not taller, and is so thin its laughable. As I have said preveiously these are SOME of the problems I have decided to write about on what is quite a large list of 'could haves' All in all I would have liked to have seen more development on key gameplay features rather than 'graphical improvements'  of which aren't that much different to a modded FS17. Heres to the modders which make Farming simulator a game worth playing, thank you.
Schlag	Not Recommended	29.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mschlageter89/	Save your money until there's a patch that fixes all the issues. This release has more bugs than all the previous releases combined. (Please don't delete this to fudge the review ratio)Will chaange when the proper fixes are added to the game.
Lid	Not Recommended	11.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198009043162/	After playing every Farming simulator since the first came out back in 2008 as Landwirtshaft. I can say this is the biggest anti-climax yet. I understand they have improved some of the lighting to the game so it 'looks' nicer, however a lot of the graphics are still very poor, textures having a view distance of about 100m and even if you turn up the distance the game is so badly optimzed it just lags like mad. This is one small problem with the graphical 'improvements' I've found in the huge list I could write under this catergory considdering Giants seemes to have made this there main focus for FS19.. Being a tractor driver as an occupation, there are so many things in farming 'simulator' which just arent particularly realistic, lack of development to the main mecahnics of the game are the biggest let-down for FS2019, seeing something as basic as seasons or even a courseplay type system on the base-maps would have been a major addition in my opinion. Textures of certain crops are way of, such as wheat; the crop is about 1.5m tall if not taller, and is so thin its laughable. As I have said preveiously these are SOME of the problems I have decided to write about on what is quite a large list of 'could haves' All in all I would have liked to have seen more development on key gameplay features rather than 'graphical improvements'  of which aren't that much different to a modded FS17. Heres to the modders which make Farming simulator a game worth playing, thank you.
Gingy The Gingerbread	Recommended	9.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198131406335/	Good game
Alivo	Not Recommended	31.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198074380958/	1st review update: Giving thumbs down, just too annoying bugs same as in 2017. Just look at MrSealyp youtube video about chickens....I give it thumbs up but I I'd prefer sort of neutral rating. Models, maps, ideas, all nice all good same as in FS15 and FS17. They claim new engine but I fail to see it. Looks like the gui is made for a controller and not for mouse/keyboard, it is not logical and not user friendly. Joystick support got stuck in year 2000 making it unusable even for tractors (not mentioning forestry machines). Various graphical glitches, bugs, like wood falling through bucket, HEM 583 Z never fully extends support legs making endless hydraulic sound, sudden loss of keyboard function (requires restart) . Maps are nice, but just two maps? Looks like you wait for modders as usual to do your job for free. I recommend this game for people not knowing this genre but to FS veterans I suggest to wait for few patches and some $$$ off.
scotch	Not Recommended	1.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198006287249/	FS 17... EpicDont buy this game... Yet.The hired help stops working when it wants. Mission : pick up some stuff and deliver it to another place... You get 2 dots on the screen and trying to find what and where is a pain. Switching on the info locators in the map section, dont bother, just remember where you put stuff.Looks great, looks are not everything. Wait a while before spending your cash. Oh and if you dont have a wheel and use keyboard, get ready... not great.
RailMan28	Recommended	31.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/RailMan28/	Mostly the same as fs17, but with some upgraded graphics that are still not at the level that 2018 era top level games has. Need more American style equipment especially trailers. Has an annoying save feature that the pervious versions didn't have i hope they take it out. Like the variety of equipment you can use and addition of cotton. Will spend many hours playing this.
He Who Shall Not Be Named	Recommended	24.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/HeWhoShallBeNamed/	Great game, especially with friends. There's a lot of equipment and a lot of brands to choose from, so if you are as picky as I am, you can have the equipment you want.
homiesrock21	Not Recommended	19.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198119584731/	Ive been an avid player of farming simulator since 2009 and I gotta say this is the first launch of the franchise where its unplayable and that is truly disapointing. Sure most launches had a few bugs but for fs19 all ive been seeing it bugs in the 7 hours ive been playing. The Graphics look amazing and I do appreciate all of the new brands ecpecially John Deere and other American brands so in that aspect they did good. The keyboard steering its horrible and when I use my steering wheel and side panel some keys dont work. Something ive never seen happen before. I spent an hour trying to load pallets onto a trailer but the pallets would either fall off or the pallets would get stuck to the forks of whatever thing im using making that aspect broken. The worst part about it all is they gave hundreds of streamers and youtubers a week to play the game and all they did was praise the game and didn't dare help tell them about bugs and other issues that cause the game to be broken. Which was probably only to get more hype and attention to the game then actually aid it. With the bugs that were found and reported were not fixed either. Giants ego got to them and they gave us this mess of a release and im deeply disapointed in that I have to say DONT BUY IT UNTIL THEY FIX IT!
angstrom	Not Recommended	12.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198021965214/	With over 1300 hrs in FS17, I have to agree with other comments that this is only a DLC.  It is not worth the price. The graphics are a nice add on but it is not why we play the game.  The maps are too basic and should have extras added in like Mavericks maps.  Giants should not rely on modders to do there job for them.   The feature where you can create your own fields on owned land is a nice touch but the maps do not allow for much expansion in this direction.There are a large amount of mods from FS17 like real clock, helper admin, compass, follow me, unit convert, gps, etc that should be added to the basic game. Also don't expect to see many mods due to the added complexities that have been incorporated into FS19.   I am disappointed and recommend sticking with FS 17 and get into maps like Joran's farm and factory farm.
Megaclaw2^_^	Not Recommended	3.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197962232904/	I really can't recommend this game, loved 17, was excited for 19, and currently it's just a hard nope. -Maps are bad, and layouts just give me headaches. -AI helpers seem dumber then 17, with long width attachments. -Not even going to attempt animals. Plot layouts will give me a migraine to find an optimal layout. -Night lighting needs some tweaking, seeing a full moon and it's still pitch black...Feels like im playing a horror game with out a weapon. Mods can save it... but the game was just released…  
He Who Shall Not Be Named	Recommended	24.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/HeWhoShallBeNamed/	Great game, especially with friends. There's a lot of equipment and a lot of brands to choose from, so if you are as picky as I am, you can have the equipment you want.
ELECTRICDUMBASS	Recommended	33.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ELECTRICDUMBASS/	Farming sim doesnt need to change. But it just keeps getting better.
iceburn	Recommended	49.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/xiceburnx/	i get to mow grass. i hate mowing grass.
✠ RavenFear ✠	Not Recommended	20.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/LEGENDSUEMA/	I m really disappointed.I was really hyped for this game but now if i have played it almost 20hrs I just dont wanna play this game until the bugs get fixed .One more thing i wanna tell is that this farm building sucks there is so little amount different sheds and placeables. IM REALLY DISSAPOINTED :(. But there is some positive things too in this game John deere,new graphics,new implements.
chris	Not Recommended	46.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198102085461/	Absolute bug ridden mess.  My favorite bug so far, fill up a new silo, then - whoops cant unload.   Well thats 10 hours of my life gone.   Terrible game that obviously let their marketing department force a hard launch date.  Got to scam those Black Friday shoppers I guess.
PhantomX	Not Recommended	5.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198031583435/	Yeah the game looks nice and with the graphics engine, but they really let the game go in other departments.   AI Workers are worse in this game than 17, scarced of trees and small hills they only work part of the field leaving you to come in and finish, which defeats the entire purpose of hiring worker).  For some reason or another the game is glitching out menu flickering when I use Joystick and wheel (Which I had to turn off so I could place placeables), and now I cannot attach or detach anything making the game basically broken.  I'll have to to look at this game in a couple of months and see how it has improved.  In this current state and my experience dont buy
Rgeers	Recommended	11.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Rgeers/	Pretty good. The new 'pick where your farm is' idea works like a charm.
EvilKenevil	Not Recommended	10.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/EvilKenevil2255/	2 Maps, both pretty badnot a lot of vehicles, most of them from fs15 + fs17 = gonedriving is pretty junknot a lot of buildings at allMods are only thing which will save this game
collindugas	Not Recommended	0.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198203892327/	My game keeps crashing every time I try to start it! I can't even play.
darkfoxxbunyip	Not Recommended	7.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198112233935/	When horses were announced I expected to be able to run a horse breeding ranch. But horses do not reproduce, unlike every other animal in the game current and in previous games. The horses are just vehicles, but there are 2 mods *at least* available for Farmingg Simulator 17 that add horses as vehicles. Sheep have been dropped from the game (horses 'replace' them), and if you compare this game to the previous one, the available vehicle roster has massively shrunk despite the advertising promises, more buildings have become more useless (Big red barn from the trailer? It's in there, you just can't open the doors or store anything inside. It literally only is there to take up space on the map), the (at time of writing) available maps are tiny compared to available maps previously and there is little to no improvement in graphics.Sadly it took me over 2 hours just to get the game running with my Logitec steering wheel (figuring out why the main memu kept scrolling) so I cannot get a refund from Steam. I have not been past the main menu for 2  to 2.5 hours of my playing time: steam only gives refunds within 2 hours. WHICH IS TOO SHORT to decide if you want to keep ANY game. These are swindler practices, and isn't how any store or company should conduct business. 2 hours refund time and in two hours not being able to get past the main menu because of a bug is simply unacceptable. I was under the impression that Valve and Giants software were companies that cared about making good products for us gamers, but sadly I was mistaken.I am still waiting for a reply for my email to the Giants software helpdesk where I asked help for fixing the main menu scrolling bug two days later.I have literally♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥away money buying this game! DO NOT MAKE THIS SAME MISTAKE! If you already have FS17, stick to that. If you don't have a farming simulator game yet, buy FS 17. FS 19 has no improvements over 17, in fact it has LESS content since they removed sheep completely from the game.Actually, go and buy the game of the competitor. And then not via Steam.
collindugas	Not Recommended	0.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198203892327/	My game keeps crashing every time I try to start it! I can't even play.
CamyHunt	Recommended	1.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/camyh/	So far I am enjoying it. FS19 has its bugs but so does every other game on launch and I am sure Giants will be quick to fix them.
F3RK0	Recommended	29.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198123242224/	Hm... it`s like when you buy a chocolate with a fancy packaging and after taking a bite it dawns upon you that the looks are deceiving. So prior to buying the game i have played the FS17 for weeks...so after starting the game i could see the differences immediately.Is it a re skin or it`s a new game? Well on the tech side i don`t know but on gaming side...well 90% of the game feels like FS17 tho the foliage graphics are beautiful, there is more grass everywhere and the new foliage bending when you drive on it looks amassing compared to the FS17 foliage. But sadly thats it. Everything else is more polished sharper but FS17 had some mods that replaced the ground textures with 4K ones and this feels like that. No more than a texture polish.!Update! - this game suffers from the same limited Sphere LOD draw distances as the FS17 in which on max settings i saw as the foliage and crops pop in after a distance. This LOD draw distance seems to be sphere shaped emanating from your position. The sad thing is with the new game and new graphics i would expected this to get solved. But no :(.Is there an improved physics in this game compared to the previous games?Well i have just the FS17 to compare it to and sadly the physics are the same. But i must mention that the off road vehicle that you can get in a DLC has an amassing suspension movement...most realistic that i seen in FS. But it can go up a 45-50% steep cliff whit eas...so much for physics. Tires bend under pressure...same as in FS17, indicators can be hit and they will fall...same as FS17...you can place buildings...same as FS17...but it was improved upon and now you can make your own farm instead of  getting one prebuilt farm...which you steel can if you choose so.How hard is it on the PC? PerformanceSorry to see that it`s poorly optimized. Graphics on Very High gives me a whooping 60 FPS (thats the max for my monitor) but as i start to move and whit fields and foliage in my close vicinity it dips to 30 FPS but not lower. So you could think yeah try upgrading your graphics card men...well i have a 1080 with 8GB RAM so....that`s that. By the way the card is 100% utilized and the game uses 2-3Gb of Card memory. Well it could be a CPU related problem...do you have a i5 3600? Nope i7 7600 4 cores 8 threads... and it barely scrapes the 30% utilization during my play time. So it must be a HDD problem buy an SSD. Well i done one better i have an M.2 SSD :) so it`s 3x faster then a SATA SSD but with no benefit`s in this case as the game runs from my 16GB memory and the SSD barely reaches 1% utilization during game play. So....poorly optimized. And yeah i have the latest drivers... and i even used NVIDIA`s optimized settings for this game. So how can you solve this FPS dipping? Well i found 2 options which work just fine and i have constant 60FPS. One is looking in 3rd person view at the ground like GTA London style :). Or lowering foliage draw distance to 100% and all other LOD and Draw distance to 100 - 150% out of 200% at a 1080p resolution. ON A ♥♥♥♥ING 1080. The game looks gorgeous don't get me wrong an there are improvements like when buying a field you get an amount of surrounding terrain to not just the field it self, the 3D preview where you can see what are you buying (just to mention the camera moves with your mouse even if you ain't holding left mouse button down, it`s annoying to say the least), cabin and chair movement and now our surrogate turns the wheel with his hands and pushes the pedals with it`s feet which is awesome for immersion (i would mention that in combines and for Helpers this animation is laking). Hit boxes where updated and now you actually can go ower railway lines like in the real world without your vehicle hovering on an invisible box. Birds fly out of the foliage time to time which helps with immersion. Maintenance is added...don`t know how it works really but an indicator with a wrench is there. Interior screens and gauges work...but as i saw it it`s limited and more or less same as in good quality tractor mods. Horse play is included and a dog but i head no time to test that because of the performance issues. The sky is beautifull with the new moving clouds. And now for keyboard users there is an option to modofy how fast doas the wheel get to strait after turning...but the cars and tractors all turn sharp and unrealistic. I would say the driving with keyboard is whorst then in FS17...and i booted the FS17 just to see if it`s so...and yeah. Over all all tractors...implements...trailers are with improved graphics...expected from a 2018 release.Update! I played a little bit with my settings and with Vertical Sinc on i have these problems that i mentioned with FPS dipping to 30 and with Vertical Sinc off it improves so much that i can set everithing to max and the minimum that i haw 30% of the time is 38FPS. But on the bad side the Isle map is full with design problems...just to mention one...every single railway crossing. The rail tracks stick out like a sour thumb and you just clip true the rails...it`s disappointing to see this...and if i go to FS17 there are proper railway crossings. Unloading seeds looks horrible with a seed shower not even getting to the ground...the seeds disappear in thin air 95%  of the way and by the first trailer that you can buy the seed when unloading at the default position you see the door opening and you would expect the seeds rushing out from the full trailer...but no there is an invisible wall holding the seeds and letting only a thin line to flow out. It`s eve worse then in FS17.!Update! - now with more time in the game a had the chance to try more trailers out...i`m sorry to say that all unloading animations...like Kombines or trailers have either timing issues or they just go through the trailer (Auger Wagons for instance).So buy or not to buy. Well now that i played this game i can`t go back to FS17 :). That shoud answer it.I will of course update this review as the game continues it`s Early Access state in a full release format. I hope for the best.
Zabernack	Not Recommended	1.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198055648247/	Well... i dont even know where to start... i dont want to say its a bad game but i dont think it ranks as good either... in my short play time ive already experinced menu lag and poor optimization. im running a decent gaming rig thats able to play games such as Just cause 3 with no problems. AMD FX 8 core processor with an nvidea GTX 960 with overclocking enabled and the game still runs like poop even on reduced settings... The brightness of the atmosphere is white washing everything at best (i know you can turn it down but wy is it so bad out of the box?) and the driving physics are laughable. Constant FPS drops rip you out of immersion and the general lack of the so called "build your own farm" buildings is ridiculous. There were more buildings and sheds in FS 2015 for goodness sakes.On a positive note the introduction of JD was a nice touch but really? No JD equiptment? Seems a bit strange.I think the best part for me so far was driving through a patch of crows and they flew away as i got near. Now thats kinda cool. i also really like the plot buying. A great addition to the game if there was more of a point to it aside from tree cutting and "shed" placement... The tractors are one of the saving graces though. they are beautifully modeled and the sound great. The lighting of the game takes that away though. no shiny paint. no glare. the paint is flat and lifeless imho.as for everyone who says that this isnt farm sim 2017 youre right but also wrong... many if not all of these new features aside from horses exist and can be added to FS 2017 free of charge with mods and run helluva lot better. 2019 has better foliage density and grass textures but realisticaly ive seen better maps on 2017.After waiting months for this game i feel ive been let down a lot. this is coming from someone who had 2013 2015 and 2017. every year it got better... not this year though. At this moment it really pains me to say it but i dont recommend this title in the series. ill put it on the back burner for now and see what happens but for the time being im going to reinstall 2017. :P 
Brechnor	Not Recommended	1.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198075263945/	The biggest step backwards for the Farming Simulator franchise.Heavy harvesters Spinning 180 on a dime,Worse mouse sensitivity issues than fs 17 had (which I didn't expect) the faster you move your mouse the slower the camera moves (why did they think this was a good idea), Clunky UI with symbols and no words for the main in-game menu system so you have to guess what each section is, Harvester headders in a sepperate location from the harvesters themselves so you have to back out of the menu and go into another one (the game has a customisation feature when you buy harvesters, headders should definitely have been there), Requirement to set the framerate limiter to 0 due to badly selected hard-cap,Maps that feel smaller than fs 17, even if they are the same square footage (they might not be but it's what they feel like that counts to me),Shop icons often come without words even if you hover over everything,One section where you see your garage doesnt let you select your garage items so you have to find the main garage section to click on them,Most things take several clicks to get to,I have plenty more to add on this list too and it would make a wonderful project for a write-up on just it's lacking UI design accessibility alone, from what i have seen so far.Honestly, farm sim on the nintendo switch kind of works better than this, has better framerate control, the UI is better, some items don't have words but it's not as pronounced as it is in this one, the main menu UI design is more logical. When the previous games iteration, ported onto the Nintendo Switch console does it better than PC on this new release, then you know something is wrong.
RossBossMan	Not Recommended	33.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198144161296/	I pre ordered this game about three months before its release. When I first jumped into the game, my heartbeat was 180, and I was so excited to see what this new, highly anticipated farming game had to offer. I have played every Farming Simulator game since the release of 2013 (including the mobile versions), but this game by far, is the worst one I have ever played. Keep in mind that what you find below is mostly my opinions, but there are a lot of facts, and/or I am doing something wrong in the game.When I loaded up my first game on Ravenport, there was a few things that I just hated. I am playing on the "Farm Manager" mode.The first thing that really got me frustrated was the new system for buying fields. When you start on the "Farm Manager" mode, you do not start with any land, you do not even own your farmyard (which is empty), but instead have to buy the farmyard, AND the field north of the farmyard if you want the whole thing. The land is ridiculously expensive and if you want the whole farmyard on the mode that I am playing on, you have to buy two pieces of land which drains about half of your starting money. Additionally, if you want your farmyard to look like a farmyard, it would take all of your money to actually create a normal looking farmyard with the farmhouse, sheds, etc.Another thing that really got me mad was how the land gets flattened out when you purchase buildings for your farm. I love how it flattens out the land, but I tried to place a building and it put it like five feet off the ground, and there was like a 50% grade that I had to climb if you want to get on to the actual area of the placeable. I ended up selling the placeable but the pavement for the placeable was still there, and there was no way to flatten it out.I tried using the four wheelers for loading seed and fertilizer, but it is really hard to get the trigger right for when you can dump in. I spent five minutes trying to load the seed from the back of the Mahindra into the seeder. Sometimes the trigger is on, but you have to press the unload button fifty times before you actually get the back of the Mahindra empty.Most people haven't realized this, but you have to buy the animal pastures and they are expensive too. It is like 40k for a chicken coop and 300k for a horse stable. This isn't really a technical problem, but just one thing that I wanted to point out. If you play on the hardest mode, you would have to put in about one hundred hours before you could get a decent number of fields, stables, etc. I learned this in FS17.The dogs are honestly so bad I wish that they weren't even in the game. When the dog walks, it looks like it is having a seizure. It does not go after the ball, and it does not adapt to the terrain very well. I also really hate why in the CGI trailer they showed the dog in the vehicle with a farmer and I cannot figure out how to put the dog into a vehicle in the game. The dog doesn't fetch the ball when you throw it either.One last thing I wanted to point out is the trains. The trains move at like 50mph and the railroad crossing bars aren't even down all the way when the train passes the crossing. I ended up getting hit by a train with combine, and went flying in the air, which made me really frustrated.These are only a number of the plenty of issues that are in this game, but there are mostly good things about it such as the graphics, birds, and a number of other things.I would personally not recommend this to anyone who is looking for a complete farming game. This game contains a lot of issues that would need to be fixed for the game to be somewhat substantial.My honest review in comparison to FS17: 3/10This game is just an update to FS17. It is not worth the $35 right now.Despite all of this, GIANTS is great, so I am sure that they will be releasing a patch for this in the future. Until then, I will not be playing this game very much and will be sticking with FS17.Thank you for reading my small novel, and I hope you enjoy playing FS19. Be careful before you buy though.
soren.mugridge	Not Recommended	0.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198213610617/	I can't even open the game. I open the game and the logo pops up for a second before dissappearing. I was really looking forward to this game.
isouled	Recommended	16.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198284618494/	nice game !!!
JC_wolf64	Not Recommended	24.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198131928740/	If you have OCD or like you farm to look perfect then dont buy this game.is like a really bad made sim
P.	Not Recommended	0.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198834200435/	Total Crap.
webbimato	Not Recommended	6.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/webbimato/	Just not worth it at the moment. Cannot even start playing because setting controls to wheel and joystic is pretty much impossible. Well it seems not entirely impossible because it could be done via editing inputbindings.xml... right. This same issue came with fs17 and was patched after launch. Day 1 patch came with the release and game is still full of bugs. Too much hype and too little work. Even the F1 menu is flickering when you move your mouse. Lets see after few patches. At the moment I'll stay with FS17 and working controls.
Poxixs	Not Recommended	4.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/poxixs/	Buy the game Can't play with my frindes because they got the fs19 mahindra dlc and you cant get it on steam because u dont pre ordre. Jette bra Klap klap xD
ChaseCares	Not Recommended	14.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ChaseCares/	I hate that I have to write this review. I've played FS13, FS15, FS17 and now 19, and I have to say this is their worst release yet. I really don't understand, they were making great improvements over the years. They are relying on the new official brands to make up for the lack of gameplay improvements. And honestly I don't care about brands, I love that they're there, but I really don't care if I drive a green tractor or a green tractor branded is John Deere. Where are all the features the community has been asking for? A ui redesign, really? Don't buy this game. Go by FS13 and all of the really nice DLC and you will have a much better experience.
layla2	Not Recommended	25.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197973197564/	At the moment I would say no don't buy this game as of yet.  I have tried playing for 2 nights now and I can not get into a single vehicle no matter how much I try.  I recently purchased my extrememe gaming PC several month ago my stats are way above the max recommended needed to play.  In all parts.  I have reset my PC many times.  I have tried playing the game at the lowest game setting, to middle range to highest.  Then started just going in advance and trying ever setting possible to make it work but for two night  nothing.  I tried tabbing into a vehicle and clicking on the vehicle to enter.  Everytime I do my PC goes rite into freeze mode and have to Hot Key to shut the game down and restart the PC.  They said this is a Steam issue in some of the chat so I refunded the game.  I looked all over the net to purchase the game elsewhere, but for some reason my card keeps getting rejected even though my card has been used several times and has PLENTY of money on it.  So confused why I can't purchase directly from Farming Simulator people directly.
Nipple	Not Recommended	20.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/z3ugj3/	Cash. Grab.
BaNaNaGuyyy	Not Recommended	8.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/bananaguyyy/	It would be better to wait until 2019 when mods and new maps start coming out.
SonSteek	Not Recommended	5.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198010635464/	After many hours in FS15 and FS17, I can honestly and sadly say, FS19 is not worth it. A few minor changes that offer very little which really just doesn't make FS19 worth it, nor does it live up to all the hype.
platonik_2002	Not Recommended	3.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198167560531/	CAN I  STILL REFUND after 3.2 hours ???????Simply terrible game experiece !Lots of placeables from FS17  are missing,  and same for some equipment..i can't see nowhere that advertised stunning graphics, here and there  is worse than in FS17 !!whole game is FULL of BUGS of all kinds, can-t even say if there is some Force Feedback !the horse can simply climb EVERYWHERE, except on 90 degree walls !!!the horses movement is not realistic at all. (but better then nothing)And the most annoying: when you start driving, there is a delay of 1,5 till 2,5 seconds until your tractor moves. The only PRO thing: trees and grass are nice looking.BUT you'll need an 1080 for that.The tractors are better detailed than in previous titles.(But some equipment from FS17 is missing )
POT_POT	Not Recommended	8.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198016000275/	Have played FS since the start (LS08) For me I was expecting the wow factor I got when 17 came out, But this is not the case for 19. I hope Giants will fix this game and make it the game we have all been waiting for. To sum it up this version for me is pretty looking but game play is dead and boring.
tinyalloy	Not Recommended	44.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198173585857/	giants is quite capable of making a good farming game, but this isnt it this is a step backwards the graphics are horrible  the map looks like a novice modder done it   some of the vehicles dont work properly   for instance the log trailer with the knuckle boom on it   when its empty it slides all over    i tried putting some logs on the new truck but the grapples so weak u can hardly get it there and once u do the boom on the truck acts like its hitting something when u try to put the log in the truck bunk,  the sky is horrible the roads u can see the seams along the sides  the skid steer ges from 3 mph to 8 back and forth while at full throttle    the list goes on and on and on and on......  ive loved the farming sim stuff since the beginning but this is nonsense giants  i know games have issues when they first come out but for petes sakes the map is so second rate or even third or fourth rate   and do u know what the sad part is we pay for this crappy work and then we hope the beloved modders of the world will come in and fix your game so we can enjoy it   we love our modders   giants booo to you this go around    what a disappointment
POT_POT	Not Recommended	8.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198016000275/	Have played FS since the start (LS08) For me I was expecting the wow factor I got when 17 came out, But this is not the case for 19. I hope Giants will fix this game and make it the game we have all been waiting for. To sum it up this version for me is pretty looking but game play is dead and boring.
Nipple	Not Recommended	20.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/z3ugj3/	Cash. Grab.
ASSBurger	Not Recommended	31.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198052181484/	Major let down in my opinion from someone who is an avid Farming Simulator Player. I have only dived into about two hours of gameplay at this time but I can’t see my experience recieving much improvement after writing this. The game has an overall “meh” feel to me. I’ll explain each of these points below. All in all if you have FS17, I’d stick with it. From the large amounts of uproar in the Modding Community and Giants turning a blind eye to those who make their game and the players experience better I wouldn’t get my hopes to high in anticipating plenty of quality mods for FS19. Lacking Game Changing Features: I started up the game anticipating the same giddy feeling I had when I originally launched FS17.  From the dynamic grain planes, tire bulge, wheel slip, all of these things though minor in the grand scheme of things were things I myself loved to see from a game. The attention to detail and steps made in this game to show it is becoming more realistic. I unfortunately didn’t have this experience in FS19. Nothing truely jumped out to me as being drastic or even small changes I enjoyed (probably the only one I noticed is lighting, which is great, but I’d rather have IC integrated, dynamic graintake volumes, or something of the nature).Plenty Barrowed from FS17: So so so so so much if this game is borrowed from FS17 it sickens me. Combine grain tanks are exactly the same. Crops being pulled into the header by the reel is the same exact graphics, crop textures, growth states, visuals of grain, the dynamic unloading of grain, and on and on and on. And I understand the fact that the game is building off of the same premise as the Farming Simulator Series has, but all of these things may be small, but they truely would have caught the eye of any experienced FS Player and truely shown that Giants wanted to overall make this game and the community happy, rather than barrow a bunch of old things from 17 and make 0 changes to them. “American Map”: How many times are we going to be promised an American Map and have Giants fail to deliver, my goodness! You pick up your farm equipment from a “used car dealership”. The field spacing, road layout, dynamic of the map, terrain, landmarks, someone please point me to anywhere that has this screwed up combination of the stuff Giants heaped into this map. I hate this map so bad, and I’m certainly not going to touch the other one. Give me back Westbridge Hills!I was highly disappointed with this game and my find myself sticking to FS17 for the time being. There are honestly no major features or minor ones that draw me to 19. After waiting up in anticipation all I received was letdown. Some things seriously need to change before I touch 19.
Peter_Hulk	Not Recommended	10.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/petehulk/	Big disappointment. Graphics and corps physics has improved but everything else is just copy and paste from FS17 minus a lot things that were deleted. You can build your own farm but there are no buildings so I'll rather call it "PLACE YOUR FARM" instead of "BUILD YOUR FARM". Once you place building on the map it will selflevel land to the size of the building and it will stay that way even after building was deleted so it cannot be used as a field anymore. Game is very buggy and at this state is worse than FS17 with mods. That's probably reason why they didn't show us any gameplay before the lunch day. Devs are probably counting on moders to fix their screwups
Numenorean	Not Recommended	7.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197967524117/	Sadly the game is still in a sort of beta phase.Many bugs; many issues with collisions and physics; lack of whatsoever tutorial that teach you the new mechanics, and the more I look at this game, the more it start to look like the usual yearly upgrade from other studios.I appreciate that we have new mechanics and horses; but in the end, the game looks exactly like the 2012 version. Very little has changed; and I am glad I did get the key for this game on a very steep discount, because the game as is, is not worth more than 15 dollars at most.Once the bugs are fixed, and maybe the devs will complete a mechanic and make it right; instead than half-a$$ every single mechanic they introduce; then maybe this game will start to look better. Graphics seems similar to the 17 versiion; and even that version did look old and outdated; like a Unity game made in 2010.Audio is fine; the gameplay is exactly the same as all the previous games; so if you have the 2017 version and do not really care about horses, you can  wait for this game to go on sale at 50% off.The building mechanic is very limited; there is no concept on what makes the price increase or decrease, based on where you build; and most of the static buildings, are there, and you can't do much with them. IF there was a way to remove existing buildings; then it would make sense.Also the house is a placeholder; you go in there to sleep, and most of the rooms are not even accessible (the house with the stairs for example; blocks you from going upstairs.To give you an example; an ancient WII game like Go Vacation has more usage and customization for the player villa, than a 2018 game (and either game does not have anything to do with constructions; so the argument does not hold). Nice to have a house but it is useless.Controls are as in the previous versions; and at times even worst; since there are bugs that do not allow 3rd party controllers and button boxes. I didn't even try to use a steering wheel; but I assume is working fine, since FS2017 was working fine too with a standard wheel and pedals.In the end; the game is fun for a while, but then it gets repetitive pretty fast; if you played FS2017; so unless you want to pay 35 bucks for playing with horses and get a non-interactive house where you sleep; you are not getting more than that.Hope the devs will change things in the game, instead than continue to make the same game over and over and over again; because this is the last farming sim that I buy from Giant software, unless they focus on making the game more stable, less buggy and with defined physics and mechanics for the main game.Overall is a 5 out of 10; if you own FS17, and a 6 out of 10 if you never played a FS from this developer.
PS4Gamer	Not Recommended	28.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198287559684/	It's FS17 but with John Deere
Daniel Badaluta	Recommended	22.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/DanielBadaluta/	Niceeee!!!
Araripe	Recommended	42.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/araripebr/	Farming Simulator 19 is hands down the best farming game on Steam! Lots of equipment and maps, amazing modding community that will keep feeding the game with fresh content for years to come and also a huge step up from Farming Simulator 17 when it comes to vehicle interiors and textures in general. The brand-new lighting engine makes the game look a lot better than the previous one, while keeping the same performance levels. It has a few bugs, which is quite normal given it is a new release, and Giants will fix that soon enough. It's just a matter of time.Oh, and John Deere! +15 GOTY points for that. Nothing runs like a Deere.I will update this review later on, after clocking a little more gametime.  
🅰cheron	Recommended	133.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Acheronz/	VERY NİCE
Schwarzpferd	Recommended	50.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198025812610/	First off this "review" is after 3 hours of playing only the forestry aspect, as such this is mostly pointless for those that have no plans to invest in forestry.For a early launch review I say this game is great. I am running windows 8 with an Nvidia geforce 760, and the game is running very smooth with no crashes or framerate drops.There are several bugs I noticed really quickly, but none are gamebreaking so there is no point in discusing them as they will likely be fixed in a patch or two.As for the gameplay I am enjoying it. I chose to go with the from scratch start and I like the idea of chosing where you first start out. Now, like I mentioned I have only played the foresty aspect so I will focus on that in comparison to farming sim 17.First off, trees can only be cut down on land that you own. Whether you view this as good or bad is subjective. To me it is more realistic without being overly complex. Now to the pros and cons of forestry in FS 19 as opposed to FS 17Pros:1) You can now just drive your wood trailer up to an area and hit a "sell all" button and all the wood in your trailer is now instantly sold. No more need to unload it.2) There are more foresty vehicles in the game than in FS 17 and the game starts you out with enough money to easily afford some of the good ones.3) That extremly annoying part of FS 17 where you would put a small branch in a woodchip grinder and it would spit it back out is no longer a thing in FS 19. The woodchip grinder doesn't spit small branches back out anymore and it is much easier to get the wood in there.4) It doesn't seem to have the "too many trees" limitation. After cutting down only 3 trees on my land I was able to plant 20 saplings without any problem.5) Lastly, when picking up wood by hand it no longer constantly drops from your hand like it did in FS 17. You can move and turn fast or even hit stuff and the wood stays in your hand until you let go.Cons:1) A few new trees were added, and they are even more annoying to cut down than those white trees.2) As mentioned you have to own the land before you can cut down trees. However most of the land with trees is on hills which not only means more potential to tip over when using a crane, but to plant saplings you will need a decent horsepower tractor to make it up the hills.All-in-all I like what I see so far, and am eager to play more. I feel this game will easily be worth the money paid for it. Only other problem I have other than the annoying new trees is the absence of passive money makers in the placables tab. In fact the placables tab of the shop is very bare bones with very little to chose from. Although mods and updates will likely fix this. On the plus side animal pens are now a placeable so you can actually chose where you want your animals. Which also means that if people make maps that are nothing but forest to clear like they did in FS 17 than we can clear land and raise livestock. Still though I do miss not being able to have solar and wind farms.In conclusion though it is an improvement over FS 17 minus the obvious lack of so many placables.
Stewie mcfuckyou	Not Recommended	1.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198065579915/	dont se a reason to buy this instead of the previos game.  looks like♥♥♥♥♥♥even on the best settings
Mango Barrage	Not Recommended	9.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198064723441/	I'm not mad, just disappointed.
Gyro SImulation	Recommended	30.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198321572268/	This game is more than a refined fs17, and the graphics are breathtaking! Many sims charge $35 dollars for 1 DLC, think about a dinner out, this doesn't cost much at all. Totally worth it!
stanreginald	Not Recommended	32.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198807976334/	For some reason the Graphics decided to go haywire!!  Seeing 2 of everything with secondary of each item being a bright redish orange color LOL.  Attempting a fix.   not sure i like PC/Steam version. Vehicle control is difficult.. What i may do is just play this PC version a while to get used to where things are, then switch to Xbox One X.
Man o' Whore	Not Recommended	0.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198151037613/	This looks and feels exactly like FS17. When you drive over 50 km/h the controls are really terrible. You just can't steer. This was also a issue in FS17 but i hoped they fixed this by now. When you eventually go in the settings and try to change the controls of the steering all you get is a few axis settings without mentioning wich axis is what.Also the (2) maps are way to tiny and everything in the map still looks dead to me. When i saw that the download was about 5gb i knew something was wrong. (gta v was over 60gb in 2013) This is 2018 and the graphics in this game belong in 2010.It really makes me sad cause i looked forward to this one. Guess i look for another more vibrant and realistic farming simulator. (or keep playing FS17)
Wolf Shade	Not Recommended	4.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Wolf_Shade/	i will not recommend this game until Giants reprograms the keybindings to see multiple keys being pressedat this point without it if you have any function with the same axis (boom in/out same as boom up/down without a modifier) you will freez and crash
cTHROUGHu	Not Recommended	22.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198808348303/	Not happy with this game right now, where is the storage for this game?? What is going on with this decorative stuff? Waste of time, land and money.  
Stinjo	Not Recommended	12.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Stinjo/	Not what i expected. I'm not looking forward to get back home and play, something that i had with fs 13, 15 and 17 when it had just come out. As if right now, it is a waste of my money but i trust in giants that they will make the game better. I think i just have to get used to all the new things like lime, weeds, buying land, the graphics and controls and just how the game works. I have to say that some aspects are better than fs 17.
Bejasc	Not Recommended	2.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/bejasc/	Feels much too like a reskin of FS15 (let alone FS17). If you already own any other games in the series - stick to them. There really is no improvement with FS19. The maps are quite poorly designed. Game looks nothing like the launch trailer (to be expected, as most trailers are pre-rendered nowadays) - but you can't shake the feeling that this is a quickly done repackage with more contrast and a different lighting setup. The controls were a little clunky and sluggish to respond, even when configured properly. None of the newer mechanics like farm building were explained, or had key configurations or tutorials or tooltips for them. When I did figure it out, the result was quite underwhelming, as there's little variety, and you seem to only have a very small area to place things - unless you put them in the middle of a paddock - with no roads. Ravenport, the new US map is very poorly designed, full of hills and tight alleyways. Getting anything from the store to my farm was a real challenge, as machinery just didnt fit, taking the roads back - or when it did, I'd run in to some physics bug launching me 20m in the air. At nearly $50 AUD - I cannot recommend this, especially if you already have any other FS games. You'll get a better experience playing those, and modding it to your liking. A disappointing release from Giants.
Wolf Shade	Not Recommended	4.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Wolf_Shade/	i will not recommend this game until Giants reprograms the keybindings to see multiple keys being pressedat this point without it if you have any function with the same axis (boom in/out same as boom up/down without a modifier) you will freez and crash
des	Not Recommended	57.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/viper981234/	Farming Simulator 19? no should be named Bug Simulator 19.There are so many buggs in the multiplayer from selling your crop and the cash going to anther player to the whole server being out of sync. The wheel support for mulitplayer dose not work soon as you make a farm thats it your keybored wont work or mouse, and the wheels wont work.They have released patches for the CD game but not to steam? here is alist of the fixes on the 1.1 patch>Various vehicle and tool fixes (1.1)Tweaked some crops (1.1)Rebalanced animals and husbandries (1.1)Fixed various dog issues (1.1)Fixed horse functionality (1.1)Fixed rain collisions (1.1)Fixed sound playback in various gameplay scenarios (1.1)Improved the helper AI (1.1)Fixed player movement issues (1.1)Fixed flashlights in Multiplayer (1.1)Fixed particle effects (1.1)Fixed BGA functionality (1.1)Polished both basegame maps (1.1)Fixed fill volumes (1.1)Pedestrian system fixes (1.1)Fixed milk statistics (1.1)Weather system tweaks (1.1)Fixed Night to Day transition (1.1)Various loca fixes (1.1)Added resolution scaling option (Windows/Mac) (1.1)Improved default mapping of various gamepads/steering wheels (Windows/Mac) (1.1)Added support for attaching steering wheels while the game is running (1.1)Other minor tweaks and fixes (1.1)Improved performance on low-end systems (1.1)Fixed performance warnings (1.1)Fixed translation inconsistencies for all languages (1.1)Adjusted the UI in certain screens (1.1)Improved Multiplayer management controls (1.1)Updated store with missing items (1.1)Fixed various sync issues in Multiplayer (1.1)Fixed player permissions after merging the game (1.1)Fixed horse cleaning in Multiplayer (1.1)Fixed forklift in Multiplayer (1.1)Fixed input context and Pause display if the sync occurs during Pause (1.1)Fixed husbandry issues in Multiplayer (1.1)Fixed sounds in Multiplayer (1.1)Fixed client side player position issues in Multiplayer (1.1)as you can see a lot of stuff that should have been sorted before releasing the game (how can they release a game and forget to add some of the vehicles in?) who ever is over quality control needs to find a new job.Overall? wait untill after christmas untill the game works... 
Mouse	Not Recommended	2.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198027672568/	Let me start by saying, this is a thumbs up if, and only if, youve never purchased another Farming Simulator title. If you own 2017 or 2015, this is essentially a texture pack. 2019 introduces new concepts that are a much needed additon. The ability to actually BUILD your farm from the ground up with buildings is a step forward for sure. This is severly limited, however. There is only one house, and from what I saw, usable barn. Everything else is just for show. This means that early game, you'll have to shell out $350k just to sleep through the night. The new map, while pretty, is an absolute nightmare to navigate. Are you sure this is set in the US? I dont think there is a straight road anywhere on it. You could skip off to the shop in like 2 minutes if you didnt have to wind your way there for 10 minutes and then wind your way back again. Horses are also a new addition and a welcome one, however, I gave up before ever getting close to affording them. Several hundred thousand for a barn, the horses themselves and then equipment for feed, bedding, etc. Animals are still a distinct late game asset. The game is on a new engine. Somehow, someway, the physics are still the same. Floaty, zero weight and the same "violently stick to everything" collisions. The new engine has only put a fresh coat of paint on the same frame. I have said it before and I will say it until I give up this hobby; A pretty game does. not. make. a. good. game. by. default. The same physics bugs that existed 5 years ago? Still here. Look at Stardew Valley. Its 2D sprites and has more heart in two pixels than this game does in its entire...however many gigs this thing ate up. The big issue that I take with this series and this company is they insist on releasing a new game every two years. In some cases there is little change. 2013 to 2015 I dont even remember there being a change. I swear they released the same game. I really really wish, Giants would do what Train SImulator does. Minus the egregious DLC of course. That is just keep updating the same game every so many years. I wouldnt mind paying for DLC over a span of time if i knew that, in two years, I wouldnt have to start over again. Hell the grind to get anywhere can take two years. THAT is the big thing. The grind. Now I know, thats the point and yes I agree but when you realize that you are just going over your field for an hour to disc it up, then another hour to plant the crop, then another hour to fertilize it and finally another hour harvesting only to IMMEDIATLY start the process over again. Ive been playing this series since 2011 and that has not changed in all that time. The core game has stayed the same since then. There is no urgency, no risk for failure. Did I plant that crop at the right time? Does it have enough time to grow before winter? What winter? You are locked in an endless summer. There is no strategy. Throw some seeds into the ground and harvest them when they are done. You WILL succeed. You have to try to fail. This series would benefit so greatly from a seasonal rotation. One of my favorite farming games when I was a kid would give you a final tally at the end of every year to see how you did. There had to be strategy, you couldnt just plant and harvest, plant and harvest, plant and harvest. 2019, is just a slap of paint and the ability to build the farm. Sort of. You get to place where things go anyway. Sort of. But all those placeables from previous games? Gone. No beehives, no greenhouses, no solar panels. Essentially, things that made you money passivley are now gone. It feels like any ease of grind feature bit the dust. One of the strangest for me personally was the removal of flatbed trailers. Which means now, whenever you buy pallets of seeds or fertilizer or feed or what have you, you have to lug them. One by one. With a forklift back to base. A ten minute drive there and a ten minute one back for however many pallets you needed. TLDRIf you own another title, dont bother, its not worth $35. If you are just getting into the series, then that is the only way I can recomend buying this title. Just expect it to be replaced in two years. But hey, graphics are the most important thing right?
drewski8484	Not Recommended	2.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/drewski8484/	Massively dissappointed. After hundreds of hours in FS13-17 I was anxious for what appeared to be some big improvements and I'm left wanting my money back. Visuals are terrible, maps are aweful, everything looks and feels like it was designed for children. There are some nice details, sure, but for the money.... wow, thoroughly dissappointed and hoping the modding community can breathe some life into this dead game.
Poffie	Not Recommended	28.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Poffie/	I had hoped FS19 would be the best of the series but, it is a huge letdown.Hoped for actual weather effects/seasons, but theres none.Maps are just as small as always and rather badly designed.The main focus seemed to be on improving graphics and ignorning everything else.I don't mind some eyecandy but not if it means the everything else stays the same old.I guess this is more of a FS17 ver. 1.5 than a whole new game.Once again only modders can save this game since Giants seems to be too incompetent to innovate and too afraid of change.This is my 2 cents. 
Karlheinz Von Schadenfreude	Not Recommended	0.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kazictheserb/	With over a thousand hours between FS15 and 17 I have never had so many problems with a game from the launch. All the controls are flashing between xbox and keyboard controls. I've tried everything I can literally think of upto and including reinstalling the game. The game has had even a harder time with my g27. Things like having to "Synchronize data with other players" still not being resolved, thats one thing that we have all complained about and they still can't get it right. As of now I 100% do not recommend this game. As many have said before me this is the exact same game basically. So unbelievibly dissapointing.
Meelmarol	Not Recommended	22.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/KingAttila/	Not much different than 17. No major improvements. Controls are really bulky and hard to use. I won't be spending any more money on this franchise until they solve some of their major problems that keep getting carried over from release to release.
Mr. Moonshine	Not Recommended	3.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mistermoonshine/	Another year another reskin. 60 FPS lock and negative mouse acceleration were two things I immediately noticed upon starting a new game. Devs claim "complete overhaul of the graphics engine" yeah right, it's exactly the same as the last 5 iterations. The game looks like absolute trash. It was kind of unacceptable in FS2015, bad in FS2017, but releasing a game in 2018 that looks like it was made a decade ago is just pathetic. Their "complete overhaul of the graphics engine" amounts to new poorly textured grass and bush models added around the map. Other than that it looks the exact same as all the other games.So what's actually new in FS2019. Well now birds can land around the place and they fly away if you walk near them, amazing. Still no gearbox, vehicles go from 0 to 100 km/h and back in one gear. Still no seasons. Still garbage AI that can't work fields that don't have completely straight edges. Still terrible physics model that feels like you're driving on ice instead of land. But hey, now we have badly animated horses and dogs to add to our game. Good to see Giants has its priorities straight.
gr0dede	Not Recommended	0.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198450180799/	Much worst than FS17.Graphic is not good, maybe a little bit better than FS17 but not good (RX580 and for having 60fps on 1080p, medium-high settings...)Can't have 75fps, 60fps lock...Mouse 200% sensitivity and still TOO SLOW lol.Some random crash when you tab to other vehicule.Stay on FS17, with mod, it's much MUCH better than FS19...Paying 35€ for that is just a shame.Euro truck with DX9 are MUCH BETTER in terms of graphics and run much more better. 
Space Ghost	Not Recommended	0.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/95rares95/	Didn't play the others but this doesn't feel like a simulator at all. Vehicles have no weight to them, it's very arcade-like.
Rooknz	Not Recommended	34.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197971077433/	I first got into FS, when i bought fs17.  Over 1000 hours.  Played vanilla for a few weeks before switching to some mods.Mods such as seasons and courseplay.   I like a challenging game.  Well i swore off every pre ording a game since no mans sky.  However i could not resist the appeal of fs19.  I just wanted to set up my own farm, the way i like it.  I guess my expectations were to high.I would say that this game is like an early release.  Some improvements.  Some things backwards.  the combine harvester looks like low res version of fs17.I feel like the devs did not put much effort into this.  Im glad the price was only 50 new zealand dollars.  would have been♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off if it were higher..Already in the first hour found some bugs.  My hired worker was♥♥♥♥♥♥♥up a simple plough job.  placing a shed was miserable, unless you wanted to pay 10x the value of the shed.  there was only 2 places i could find to place it.Will have another go, i deleted my first game as the hired worker seemed to fk it up too much and i probably should only do contracts to build up some cash.  But there is only so much time i can put into grinding.Ill give it 3/10, tho i expect some improvments and i havent played for very long.  so i will revisit this review.Hopefully some mods will fix it.
Blackjack	Not Recommended	1.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198299975661/	So being a fs player since fs13 I was like HELL YAH ILL GET THIS!!! WE CAN GO INTO HOUSES NOW?!?!!?!? THIS HAS BEEN YEARS IN THE MAKING!!! JOHN DEERE IS IN THIS ♥♥♥♥♥?!!?!? HEEEEEEEEEERL YAH!!! Well I bought it for full price, downloaded it(not very large game for all those with small drives), and played it. Controls were the same so it was easy to use. Couldnt figure out how to setup my wheel... Striike one. Couldnt find some of my favorite tractors, and I dont know if Im blind, but I couldnt find any trailers that were used to just haul stuff. Like bales or foodbags, etc. So thats a strike 2 seeing as how I would have to cart my♥♥♥♥♥♥down to the farm with a forklift going 15 mph for 5 miles... The idea of the house that you can get(thats right HOUSE, not HOUSES, one house) and live in is kinda cool, but you cant open any doors to any rooms. Theres an open door that you walk into and you get access to the living room, and kitchen. You here someone in the shower, which U assume to be your wife. Thats pretty muchc it with a bunch of objects like toolboxes, ladders and stuff that you can pick up and toss about to♥♥♥♥♥♥off your wife when shes out of the shower. Now. The games graphics...Holy ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥this game is gorgeous! AND. Easy to run. I could max that♥♥♥♥♥♥out, and still run 60fps smooth! So potato pc's can still prohbably play the game with like around medium, so you can enjoy fs17 with higher graphics, and house mods! Great that they finally added John Deere!!! Thats been years in the making, and the models for all the vehicles...MMMMMMM. That is good♥♥♥♥♥♥ I like the idea to be able to start out with nothing, no house, no vehicles, no fields no nothin but a fat wallet, itching to lose a few pounds. But the execution was kinda rough. I myself was hoping that we the players would have several houses to choose from, and then able to decorate them as we wish. I also though that if you bought a house, or a vehicle storage shed that (or atleast the house) you wouldnt have them straight away. But over time you would see like, piles of lumber appear at hte build site. Then Maybe a few days later you would see the foundation being made. Then framework, etc. But nope to my experience it just plops it down like amazong prime stuff. Kinda sad really. Maybe next year, or maybe an update/dlcs? Might rebuy then. But until then... Im not gonna touch it. This really hurts, because Ive always loved the fs games. Ive been playing them since fs13, and always enjoyed them. 13 paved the path, 15 brought forestry, 17 brought trains, etc. Really rough. Anyways I myself will not be recommending this game as of right now. If anyone notices that any of what I said was factually wrong (like if those damn transport trailers for transporting bales and such are actually in the game) then please tell me, I wouldnt want to lie to all who want this game.                         ~Blackjack
ItsPixelated	Recommended	23.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ItsPixelated/	--Have played fs15 and f17The Graphics are improved, very nice.Love the variety of tractors and the continued support of modhub content.Everything seems pretty balanced, aside from animal enclosures... tad expensive.Haven't encountered really any issues really, no crashes or gameplay breaking bugsThe AI are a little weird sometimes (not planting/cultivating etc... all of the available field.)Most issues people are complaining about will most likely be fixed so not too worried. Overall great game, love it. 
Hammackunt	Not Recommended	40.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198008240569/	The AI are complete spastics.
muffykali	Recommended	57.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198042299706/	Enjoying the feel, look and realness of this FS. Haven't fully explored the game, but so far I'm enjoying it. Love the new levels of game play and what you start with depending on which one you select.
Monk	Recommended	38.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ahmetcangur/	I love farming and this game is like medicine for me but if you have FS17 I don't suggest buying FS19, game itself is very nice and fun to play but there is not much difference from previous versions. I could not see any difference in graphics. Gameplay is similar, but good game.
🅼🅰🅽🅱🅴🅽🅾🅱🅻🅴	Recommended	4.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/manbenoble/	Sow. Reap. Repeat.Loving it!
Raun	Recommended	49.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SipDotZip/	it is gud gaem
El Dildo	Recommended	20.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198323435189/	Gratest Farming Simulator game EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Artaksatra	Recommended	1.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198030966704/	Ok just dropping by to counter all the day 1 negative reviews.My first impressions: FS19 looks WAAAAY better than FS17 and runs much more smoothly than its predecessor.Content-wise: please do not compare this game to what FS17 is now, two years into its release and with thousands of mods.Sure, FS19 is just the barebones game now but what we have seems to me a very solid foundation to be built upon by the modding community to create the best FS experience to date.Tl;dr: still well worth a buy on day 1, will only get better and better over time! 
KJ	Not Recommended	1.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kjkjcool5225/	This game is so broken yet they decided to release it, also, only a small upgrade up from fs15 and not worth £30Steering wheels are broken in this game at the moment, camera movements in first person feel laggy and settings for the controls reset everytime I restart the game.Do not RecommendI will be refunding if it is not fixed soon. 
JackSnow	Recommended	2.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/02517/	the game is good as always. unfortunately it crashes whenever i get into a combine at the moment.
Mutt377	Recommended	35.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mutt377/	A definite mix of emotions here for this game. I really wanna love it, but it's got some quirks to it that I am just not satisfied for the cost.Let me tell you some things I love about it:~Graphics: This is the best graphical improvement to the series that I am super happy they made! Everything looks beautiful, from the lighting to the grass and the clouds! Textures are fantastic to look at, the distance location has improved compared to previous titles, and everything looks super realistic! Amazing job!~Some of the new GUI tweaks compared to FS17 are definitely helpful. For people who like to play without that large help box at the top corner of the screen, it's nice to know when you are close enough to hook up to something with the nice indicator box at the bottom. They've also redone the way you use the Main Screens for scrolling through the map, stats, selling prices, etc., and I really enjoy it. I also like that you don't have to visit plots of land in order to take on missions, not that it was horrible in 17.The things I dislike about this game:~Bugs. Lots and lots of bugs. I run into a new bug every 15 minutes I play in this game. Missions don't always work, implements start freaking out and jump all over the place, and the AI are not all the smart (worse than FS17, to be honest.)~Lack of content... This game feels a little empty compared to FS17. Like it should've had way more added onto it before it's release. People call this game just a DLC sized package, and part of me agrees with that. It's really sad that it's so empty.~The maps are a bit lackluster. It's cool that we get to create our own farms and place things anywhere we feel on the map. But it's difficult to do so with how poorly the map designs feel. Finding a suitable spot for even just the small easy shed was a pain on the Ravenport map, only because I didn't want to choose the default location Giants have provided.=======I'm planning on giving this a full two weeks before I update this review with a more in depth feeling. I'm not going to say I recommend this game, but I'm not going to push it away just yet. Hopefully Giants listens to its community and we can see some things patched and fixed in the very near future.
LionelisLionel	Recommended	11.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Flash88/	Fantastic graphics and updated gameplay options, people be complaining so much about bugs on intial release for most games; it's just how it is and they will always get ironed out as quickly as possible by the dev team.
YourTurn	Recommended	28.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/YourturnGaming/	Its pretty good.
Niinie	Recommended	3.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/shsnato/	Great Game
DecadentBastard	Recommended	63.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/DecadentBastard/	So far its great its farm sim. It has its issues but its week 1. Many reviews are complaining about things that are not yet in the game. Doesnt meant they wont be put in at a later date. Its like a father complaining that his newborn cant run and jump and compete at the olympics yet when its only a week old, give it time to fill in the soft part of the top of its head then complain.
keithbates43	Recommended	16.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198146705130/	love the game so far way better then 17
foxgrwGTR	Recommended	21.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/foxgrwgtr/	Nice game!
Erwin_44	Recommended	22.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/esmastus/	Voh. Hea mäng
DrOculus	Recommended	12.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/DrOculus/	This game is a massive improvement from FS17, sure, there are some things that are biggy about it but I'm sure they will be fixed in the future. Thanks Giants for another great game 9.5/10.
🅼🅰🅽🅱🅴🅽🅾🅱🅻🅴	Recommended	4.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/manbenoble/	Sow. Reap. Repeat.Loving it!
Raun	Recommended	49.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SipDotZip/	it is gud gaem
El Dildo	Recommended	20.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198323435189/	Gratest Farming Simulator game EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Aussie Lee	Recommended	77.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/evilozzy66/	'Mixed' reviews at launch because people aren't looking hard enough for what has changed, to most it's 'horses and a new map'Well, what has changed will be seen to its fullest when the modding community take this installment of FS to a whole new level.The best reviews will come only after a few months and by players with at least 100 hours invested.Tip: Hard is the most immersive experience but very slow and you have 500k and nothing else. If you buy the recommended 3x fields and land for your first farm, you may fail if not fast enough to keep it all going with the few dollars you have left, remember that you have to hire everything this way.I have set up my temp base right there at the shop, utilizing that carpark and rental is easy. I bought a cheap, close field and one small tractor(the new Fendt) to do everything and big enough to hold the solid fertilizer spreader and front-end loader attachment, I'm renting as needed for harvesting etc.It's all about missions and knowing what pays the most and is worth the time.*To adhere to game lore; imagine that I actually go to work in my own car and live just outside the town near a stream. I rent directly from the equipment hire company and rent a parking space for my own tractor and small equipment.The locals are being very supportive towards getting me out to my own farm as soon as possible, they seem a bit annoyed with my mess though, so must get a move on.
King David	Recommended	26.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198014472989/	New Farming experience of starting with nothing, and no passive income (bee hives, solar panels and Wind turbines). Still could bring seasons into it, would add more realisim to Farm Simulator. I found previous versions a bit to easy, so maybe this will be a good step foward in the right direction. I skipped 2017 version as it seemed no different to 2015, glad i did now, as people from their easy 2017 farm experience are all giving it a negative reveiw because this is actually more challenging now, maybe. Each new version seems to add a little bit to the game, so im not surprised with the mininum content they have added to Farming Simulator 19.
mozart	Recommended	11.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/911unturned911/	same as the old farming simulator games but better
devangreen79	Recommended	34.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198393841078/	amazing game
dk	Recommended	38.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/dylanthedk/	great game love it
Le Richard	Recommended	18.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/lerichard/	em comparaçao com os anteriores esta muito bom, incluisive na otimizaçao grafica
debugger	Recommended	32.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/debugger76/	Big PLASTIC TRACTORS TOYS, model texturing is MEH (rims, wheels, etc.), this thing needs to be a little bit more metal/rubber/dontknow finish, right guys? Overall graphic is very nice for me actually (GTX970 all settings on MAX = 60fps loceked), it is a step forward from graphics in FS17, but then again, It needs some spice to be a perfect cooked meal?Basically, it FS17 with decent graphic re-skin!I love FS series, so I'll buy anything from them, it's not that expensive game, but as I said, we need more time to be the perfect game. I'm editing this when progressing through the game
Steveo's	Recommended	10.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/steveorp/	Product received for free
Chaserz	Recommended	5.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198131514561/	Definitely better than last year plus they even added johh deere in this game. Hands down beats fs17 however there are a few things that need editing but so far I am very impressed with it and well worth its price.
dst_denis	Recommended	40.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198244812338/	this is a amazing game its so good.. i have played like 8 hours of it alredy. the only problem im having is that the save game files are not showing up in files. but the save game in the game workes.
Dheadspin	Not Recommended	2.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/dheadspin/	got a refund.. Didnt meet the hype at all.. I got super bored and felt like I was playing 17 with mods.
[TBE].Trinity	Recommended	21.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/markofromtropoja/	I just want to make this short and clearPROS:1.) Good graphics 2.) Shop now sorted into different categorys 3.) Better looking UI4.) Now they offer you to select they way you start (with machinery or without)5.) Animations are looking good with nice tractors that required mods beforeCONS:1.) Steering wheel support is there but every time you restart game you need to adjust settings all over again2.) Even if graphics are improved still same 2D textures on fields (when can we expect 3D fields?)3.) A bit complicated start for new players that doesn't have experience with FS before4.) Modders finishing their games (they take mods from previous versions and implement them in new game)In general good game but still lacks some stuff or needs to be improved. Giants pls fix steering wheel support if I already invested money to play game I want to have full features as before.EDIT: To configure Steering wheel and let game save it first tune steering wheel deadzones, fire up a game and from there adjust controlls as you wish and dont' forget to save game otherwise you will lose all key bindings.
StaienTheStone	Recommended	24.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198372143203/	The best farming game on steam ever!
MidnightFlow	Recommended	2.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/MidnightFlow/	Well, what to say?Another Farming Simulator.The new steering is a thing to get used to, as well as some aspects like the mode where you buy the buildings and vehicles.Some smaller bugs and errors will hopefully erased soon, but it's out for a few days only.But as always, this game will live from it's mods, the community, and the multiplayer.If you are a fan or interested in this genre, absolutely recommended.
Mandarijn	Recommended	6.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198309781727/	nice game
DJ_Andzej_Angel	Recommended	19.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/DJ_Andzej_Angel/	OMG BETER AND BETER FROM EACH PART TOP THA GAME IN FARMING AND SIMULATR SEGMENT 11 HORSES FROM 10
911? 2.0	Recommended	15.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Laurbiceps/	Product received for free
Dragonfighter4578	Recommended	23.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198165853137/	its a nice game 
Juustupall	Recommended	53.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198846469573/	Product received for free
HOMERS	Recommended	13.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198011764382/	cool game!!
Ultimate whiteboy	Recommended	17.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198056447206/	Really great game so far, but still alot of bugs etc.
jms78	Not Recommended	2.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Ikamiehet/	i fought about 4hrs to get multiplayer working no luck, and i tried everything changing port's  no firewall  any others means that any1 can imagine. but no luck.. i also meditate and stand whit my head in corner and wanking still nothing  maybe my internet is just too bad but no problems whit any other games so i refund this so called "ready" game
AK74x30	Recommended	103.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198184443619/	I really like this game , thx developers :) and i hope the rating will go up faster .
Esca ᕕ( ᐛ )ᕗ	Recommended	22.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Torelia/	No Problems.
c.	Recommended	72.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/CobyBWA/	Product received for free
Santsa	Recommended	23.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/santsa4/	yes
FookU Bacon	Recommended	5.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/bacon89/	Such an great improvment of FS 17
Hulk Hogan	Recommended	18.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198095634292/	I really enjoy this game and i always have enjoyed the farming simulator games they are always so relaxing to me
Major-Psycho	Recommended	75.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197968059537/	Would recomend this game.Not a huge improvement over fs17 but I am enjoying the changes.  
Torreto	Recommended	14.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/J_Wilson/	Its basically just a better looking fs17. Its pretty buggy. Almost unplayable because its so buggy sometimes. I wouldn't pay 35$ for it unless someone else is paying for it lol. It looks good and its fun but there are bugs that make it difficult to have fun sometimes.
[SERP Dev] Ashton B.	Recommended	37.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198287100226/	The map, vehicles and mechanics are great no complaints. But as of 11/21/18 you can interact with the pressure washer, store icon, loan icon, vehicle repair icon, chainsaw, when you have your wheel enabled. Which should be easy to fix with a patch. Another thing is that Combines have way to little traction and they tend to slip.(not all combines do it but should be fixed with a patch) Other than the few issues the game is great and I would recommend it to anyone who likes simulation games.
Dillon1975	Recommended	34.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Dillon1975/	Fun to play with friends. Not so much when playing solo.
Fidge	Recommended	23.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Fidge/	as usual, best of the category
OGKrabz	Not Recommended	8.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198799183588/	The game worked for a short period of time but now it is bugged out and the game no longer launches.
AK74x30	Recommended	103.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198184443619/	I really like this game , thx developers :) and i hope the rating will go up faster .
Esca ᕕ( ᐛ )ᕗ	Recommended	22.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Torelia/	No Problems.
Hulk Hogan	Recommended	18.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198095634292/	I really enjoy this game and i always have enjoyed the farming simulator games they are always so relaxing to me
Major-Psycho	Recommended	75.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197968059537/	Would recomend this game.Not a huge improvement over fs17 but I am enjoying the changes.  
Torreto	Recommended	14.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/J_Wilson/	Its basically just a better looking fs17. Its pretty buggy. Almost unplayable because its so buggy sometimes. I wouldn't pay 35$ for it unless someone else is paying for it lol. It looks good and its fun but there are bugs that make it difficult to have fun sometimes.
[SERP Dev] Ashton B.	Recommended	37.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198287100226/	The map, vehicles and mechanics are great no complaints. But as of 11/21/18 you can interact with the pressure washer, store icon, loan icon, vehicle repair icon, chainsaw, when you have your wheel enabled. Which should be easy to fix with a patch. Another thing is that Combines have way to little traction and they tend to slip.(not all combines do it but should be fixed with a patch) Other than the few issues the game is great and I would recommend it to anyone who likes simulation games.
Dillon1975	Recommended	34.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Dillon1975/	Fun to play with friends. Not so much when playing solo.
Fidge	Recommended	23.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Fidge/	as usual, best of the category
OGKrabz	Not Recommended	8.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198799183588/	The game worked for a short period of time but now it is bugged out and the game no longer launches.
WatermanW52™	Recommended	12.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198060907364/	Pretty much what all the Giants farming sims have done before but with some added improvments. I like it, but I can't help but feel this could have been a DLC considering how little was changed from the previous instalment.
Jag	Recommended	16.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/BAMF_212/	Beautiful game. You can build your own farm! I do have a few issues with my wheel, but I'm confident that the devs will fix!
CIV 195 Ellie S	Recommended	25.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SilverbirdGaming/	GG Giants, awesome adition to the franchise!
OGKrabz	Not Recommended	8.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198799183588/	The game worked for a short period of time but now it is bugged out and the game no longer launches.
Alatar	Recommended	4.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198144803438/	Best Farming Simulator game by far flawless.
hvyeng	Not Recommended	1.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198051696635/	I'm a long-time player of FS, and eagerly awaited FS19. The graphics are beautiful, I like the new crops, the maps are large and interesting but....The game is only keyboard playable, and with the experience of many versions and many years, that is a thumbs down until corrected.Logitech G27 -> causes the "flashing gamepad bug", axis reported do not correlate with those assigned, steering does not proportion, dead zone and sensitivity does not correlate to anything, all settings are lost and must be rebuilt every time the controller is unplugged. Was it even beta tested?Logitech (Saitek) Farm Sim Controller -> If you don't mind buying a new one every three months due to the abysmal quality control, it works great with FS17, same issues as G27.Apparently, PC controllers were either never beta tested or just ignored outright. Until that is corrected the game is essentially unplayable for me.
AK74x30	Recommended	103.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198184443619/	I really like this game , thx developers :) and i hope the rating will go up faster .
Esca ᕕ( ᐛ )ᕗ	Recommended	22.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Torelia/	No Problems.
c.	Recommended	72.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/CobyBWA/	Product received for free
Santsa	Recommended	23.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/santsa4/	yes
saharmel984	Recommended	56.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/saharmel984/	Amazing Simulator Game! Love seeing John Deere as a part of it
BIG P :)	Recommended	23.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/bigpacey/	Product received for free
JAZairi	Recommended	69.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jazairi22/	Product received for free
JAZairi	Recommended	69.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jazairi22/	Product received for free
AIONLV	Recommended	44.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198373170882/	Best
ProSAS hivmanual	Recommended	6.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/haagro18/	best game ever
ASparkOfInsanity	Recommended	50.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198135361709/	3.45 times better than farming simulator 17
plageuis	Not Recommended	31.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197994897760/	I love the Farming simulator series, I have almost 700 hours of time played on FS17. The bugs that are causeing the game to not remeber key bindings from on session to the next are really anoying. I even went as far as to make a copy of the key bindings file, so that I could upload it each time I played and not spend five-ten minutes everytime redoing the bindings. That didn't work. Once this bug is fixed I would recomend this game, but right now I can't recomend it.
HexerNexer	Not Recommended	2.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198170076971/	Even though I dont have many hours I would say its Meh little improvements but the dog is litteraly useless (Cant even take a ride with you !
zigzagracon	Recommended	44.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198421533456/	i think it is a grate game like every other farm sim the grafics are grate and the animashents are good but when the game came out it had lots of bugs for wating a few more wakes for the game i whud expect a lite beter
CoolsterbroYT	Recommended	36.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Coolsterbro/	If you like farming and if you have played the other farming simulator games definately pick this one up because the graphics are amazing and its a great game.
TaaShaa	Recommended	14.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198017575237/	Give me your farm! Ezhi!
Nikolas th	Recommended	8.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198116942537/	nice game but make some flatbed trailers for wool..
Doctor Cotton	Recommended	8.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198015996788/	Graphics: I see other people complaining, when you first install, the graphics default to medium with a low screen resolution, once I corrected this in the options, both maps look beautiful. Both draw distance and general graphics much improved over FS17. As for gameplay, this franchise has a winning formula, the devs are smart not to mess with it too much.They added some nice touches, including crop destruction, weeds and reworked chickens to be more meaningful (more like the other animals now); but I like the crows the best.
Trace	Recommended	20.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/tracenix/	Recommended with the caveat that you should know by now that this version will be a little buggy and feature-light compared to the previous one.  If you can't live with that, wait a few months for patches and the mod scene to pick up.
russelclaire	Recommended	35.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198010225159/	great game but same old AI workers they need to do more like in crops and cattel
The Fly Fifer	Recommended	40.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198028552344/	I was kinda put off with the mixed reviews on release but since that has turned more positive I decided to buy. Just one word - Awesome. I miss a lot of mods from FS17 like glance, follow me, seasons and many vehicles and tools but I'm sure they'll come from the community in time. What I see right away is better optimisation, it is much smoother than FS17 on the same rig. Better, more realistic physics and my opinion a better gameplay system. I can almost forgive Giants for their deriliction of duty concerning the Big Bud DLC bugs after this release, almost. Anyway, credit where credit is due, this feels like a massive upgrade to the game engine which I am sure I will enjoy for many more hours. Well done to all involved.
Frankie	Recommended	28.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/FrankRainbowRicher/	Grate Game so far, But needs abit more work done, but overall its sooo nice. The John Deeres are probs the best things in the game ( Well for me ). And also the fact you can ride the horse and looking after the dog, its pretty cool. Definalty recommend this game.
Slappycakes	Recommended	10.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197963766772/	I'm way too lazy to do this♥♥♥♥♥♥in real life.
PhantomVapeLord	Recommended	11.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198273510464/	Why is the helper trying to sell my combine10/10
RoboTheAbo	Recommended	67.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198105938465/	Big jump from past graphics, something new to get used to.
mike.sanders0203	Recommended	12.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198108211421/	good game so far. not too many complaints! another good game giants
Arcticwolf	Recommended	14.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197992718874/	Better graphics in FS19 then in FS17. Bird sound effects are every where which is a bit annoying.  Had to adjust the steering  options in options cause they where on lock !. Placeable buildings when you park stuff in them the tractors ect float. Placeable buildings found a grey area in the US map. Can't wait to see some modded maps to see what they can come up with.  Tho on the defualt map some of the roads on pda map are hard to spot.
Ruskeea	Recommended	31.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ruskeea/	Better then Fs17
smor	Recommended	30.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198040304181/	Good game, some bugs, developer is usually good about addressing them.
MephiticSanta	Recommended	9.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197970689646/	I like the game alot and the stress free gamepace is relaxing. Some things is not that obvious to a new player but there are alot of good resources for information online.
Freia Gelé	Recommended	7.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/FreiaGele/	As a person who has no experience in farming, I find this enjoyable.
MotoScott	Recommended	25.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198848613838/	Great Game to play as a community
Iomega0318	Recommended	3.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/iomega0318/	Short play time but being a long time Farming Simuator fan I am loving this game, it's got amazing graphics and is definitely worth a shot if you haven't played it yet!
Coverchrg	Recommended	48.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197987418739/	This is really an upgraded version of 2017. The graphics engine is the same but tweaked for better definition, and the same goes for the physics. The driving model is different and took me a little time to adjust to, but I like it better than in 2017. Actually, I really prefer the way things have been done in 2019 and I really loved 2017, so this is a win for me all the way around. I'm getting more of what I enjoyed from 2017 and the improvements make the game fresh again. The only thing I've been disappointed in is the new placement system; it really doesn't perform like it should. Being able to create your farm the way you want is a great idea, but I'm constantly unable to place things because the ground can't be terraformed or there's some object I can't see that's blocking the placement.
mule	Recommended	28.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197976972121/	Fun relaxing game
Farmer Jerry	Recommended	54.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ImAFarmer/	bEsts games ever mades, uhh, more please - 121 Jerries
Dudulko	Recommended	25.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198017590219/	I'm happy with the game. I spent huge time with fs17, and this is again step forward. Several new ideas, lot of nice quality of life improvements implemented, which were available in fs17 only via mods.  Still some areas to improve, but overall i'm having fun with it.
WheatSnackBread	Not Recommended	29.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197999843814/	Broken game. I would expect this level of quality from Ubisoft or Bethesda, not Giants.
Apsi	Recommended	13.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kebabmaster69/	A great upgrade from FS 17, I love the new mechanics added.
Izenberg	Not Recommended	2.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/xam2020/	Played about 2 hours, the new stuff is just not enough to keep me entertained more than FS2017. Already asked for a refund. Will keep playing FS2017 cause they’re the same (or close enough not to be worth that much money!)
Penny Lee	Not Recommended	0.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197972039165/	Sadly no where near as good as fs17 or fs15, much better than fs13, fs11 and fs09The menus are pants and bland. Very blocky and dull beyound belief, Icons and texts just plain simpleton graphics, the ingame colour are to vibrant and yet still only a small detail bubble around me.  I also find the feel of the tractors have changed, seem more spungy to control and my mouse seems very odd.  Will wait a few days to see if any patches as this could have been released sooner rather than later for xmas.  But i may get a refund as its offers only a small amount more than fs17 but in a worse way.xxxHad to refund, its below pair and below what is exspected for £30, the new idea of placing buildings and what it does to the ground is crap and total garbage for this day an age.  Still only using paint brush field textures as well.
Britishwarrior	Not Recommended	56.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198043106033/	full of bugs and lag worst game they made
mik.von	Not Recommended	19.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197996222252/	Well i must say i am  disapointed by this game i really thoght it was going to be much better than it is. to me its no more than DLC for FS17. in their E3 2018 Trailer the view from above they showed a landscape that looked great with fields which were lined with fences, trees and  edge rows looked pretty good to me. Farm like never before they said ! but it all looks very much like FS17 style, fields stuck side by side with no effort to seperate them, to look anything like the promo video, Hardly any placables to build your farm just 1 farmhouse to choose from not good for a new game. Roll on when the comunity makes some decent maps.... So having played FS17 which i liked THEN BUYING THIS THINKING IT WAS GOING BE A BIG DIFFERANCE......  I CANT REALLY RECOMEND IT sorry...........
Xhizor	Not Recommended	1.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198008419195/	Nope! had to refund this game.Unable to establish multiplayer connectionthumbs down.  
BurritoLV skinhub.com	Recommended	6.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198356764728/	really good game the graffics look soo good i love it
MasaMan	Not Recommended	1.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/goobymasamasagooby/	Everything that I wan't to say has already been said a few times.At this point, FS19 is a letdown.Just like before, it's entirely up to the modders to make this in to a playable game.
alexsimic14	Not Recommended	1.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198253175217/	Its not what i expected
phoenix	Recommended	29.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198091278261/	Product received for free
CapnCD74	Not Recommended	15.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198139856723/	A awful game nothing changed for 17-19 other then a crap map ill stay with 17
homelessjohn	Not Recommended	4.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197978172415/	Between 15 and 17 I have a total of 634 hours played. In 92 minutes this game made me regret buying it. 17 was a major advancement in the whole platform from 15 and 15 from 13 etc.   The variety of equipment isn't an issue.  35 minutes were spent trying to figure out how to get the Logitech g27 to "work" with it. Same problem as 17 But I'd say worse.  The rest were spent getting so digusted I'm here writing a negative review of a game I should love.  FarmSim has been of the Best sims  I've ever spent time playing. But this is just awful.  The button icons on screen stobe between gamepad and keyboard constantly. The steering is awful.  Vehicles aren't showing up on the minimap so I can't reset the utv I flipped.  The whole thing feels like of one of those knock of games trying to emulate what GIANTS has done. I'd love to change this review and will if my opinion becomes favorable.  -Logitech g27 has same issue as 17 but arguably worse.-Strobing button icons swapping keyboard/gamepad -Steering is funky (not good)-Vehicles not showing on map Cant reset said vehicles. -This is as far as I got so far.Add another hour.-Chainsaw doesn't rotate then randomly it does.-Cockpit view doesn't anymore.-Random game freeze.-But vehicles now reset.Day 2 w/ latest patch-attaching front loaders to tractors crashes game-tried 3 times.  (gave up at this point)-will return tomorrow.Day3 -same as the day before -what trash this is.
hafff	Not Recommended	1.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/fragnethalvors/	same♥♥♥♥♥♥as 15, 17, hell even 13come on stop milking this engine already, only new content is horses and dogsrefunded, was hoping for something new but nopeedit: oh yeah, *and john deere with ♥♥♥♥♥♥ sounds
SovereignPrax	Not Recommended	79.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198124604533/	its a hot mess
the vaping yoda	Recommended	19.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/vapingyoda/	all you people crying about this and that grow up. the game was just released yesterday. they are fixing the bugs in patches. seriously if you are going to cry about bugs being in a game hate to tell you this every game that comes out is going to have bugs. and as for the graphics they are better then fs 17 you guys excpet this game to look like the trailer.. you NEED TO WAKE UP the trailer was cgi.. and for all you people leaving negative reviews go back and play with your barbie dolls or just stfu
Niob	Not Recommended	18.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198191579705/	Many BugsBugs that make the game unplayable
Death_Tiger	Recommended	13.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TheEnglishAdventurer/	I think this game is the best FS!There is so much more to do than ever before the graphics are fantastic the game feels so alive with the birds and bending crops. Haters will hate please try this game for yourself.Few people have experianced a few issues with steering wheels and pads. I use the xbox pad and no issues at all. My brother has the FS wheel and panel and had a few problems but he sorted it today and we have played on the server with no further issues.  with a patch or 2 this game will be the best farming sim ever made. (already is to me) Leave a comment below with an oppinion.Spelling isnt my strong point so please forgive me.
Bodo	Recommended	20.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/bodo2175/	It's very nice. it's a big change for the game
Foxtrot	Not Recommended	1.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Wick321/	A COPY PASTE BUT WAS SOMEHOW WORSE THAN 18, GRAPHICS WERE A TOTAL FABRICATION NO BETTER THAN THE LAST GAME DONT FALL INTO THIS TRAP!
the vaping yoda	Recommended	19.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/vapingyoda/	all you people crying about this and that grow up. the game was just released yesterday. they are fixing the bugs in patches. seriously if you are going to cry about bugs being in a game hate to tell you this every game that comes out is going to have bugs. and as for the graphics they are better then fs 17 you guys excpet this game to look like the trailer.. you NEED TO WAKE UP the trailer was cgi.. and for all you people leaving negative reviews go back and play with your barbie dolls or just stfu
Niob	Not Recommended	18.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198191579705/	Many BugsBugs that make the game unplayable
Death_Tiger	Recommended	13.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TheEnglishAdventurer/	I think this game is the best FS!There is so much more to do than ever before the graphics are fantastic the game feels so alive with the birds and bending crops. Haters will hate please try this game for yourself.Few people have experianced a few issues with steering wheels and pads. I use the xbox pad and no issues at all. My brother has the FS wheel and panel and had a few problems but he sorted it today and we have played on the server with no further issues.  with a patch or 2 this game will be the best farming sim ever made. (already is to me) Leave a comment below with an oppinion.Spelling isnt my strong point so please forgive me.
SovereignPrax	Not Recommended	79.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198124604533/	its a hot mess
Bodo	Recommended	20.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/bodo2175/	It's very nice. it's a big change for the game
Redneck2003	Recommended	14.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198148245919/	What do i do if I can not steer??
biggs	Recommended	40.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/biggs06/	The only reason anyone gives this a negative review is because they don't think there has been enough progress since past versions. The game is great. It's only $35 every two years. Don't let the nerds talk you out of it.
ginger-rob	Not Recommended	38.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198136390046/	With over 300 hours in fs17 all I can say about Fs19 is OH DEAR how in 2018 do games launch with so many bugs, Realy HOPE GIANTS sort it OUT.Will update IF the bugs get sorted
GhostFoxSix	Recommended	29.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/GostFoxSix/	Game works fine. ALOT of Reviews here of people with problems? not sure why. I have no issues other than the sound problem. will review in depth later. if your having issues with no sound or black screen on startup DISABLE SURROUND SOUND!!! 
TheMuffinMan	Not Recommended	4.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198288769357/	I want to like it but every time put the graphics all the way up it shuts down and will not relaunch.
MTAB92	Recommended	18.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Whatisup123/	Product received for free
Vinci0808	Not Recommended	0.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198092098797/	This is a joke! Another version, another reskin but this time expensive and with bugs! Oh pardon, there are horses and JD -SIC! How long modders will have to make it playable? ZERO inventions, ZERO! Nothing but expensive trash! Stay with FS17 with such a great mods like Seasons etc. Requested refund!
Maestros	Not Recommended	38.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Maestros/	Let's see!On the positive side this game looks amazing in the close distances and awful on the long distances, even thought my computer can easily handle it, they just wont give me the option to enable detailed long distance view.Next.Minor thingsFirst thing i noticed was that the combine, when i press W is unresponsive for like 2 seconds. Yeah i know you may say this is minor but its not. When i try to make a U turn to harvest the next row, which in the narrow spaces of my farm i am forced to go back and forth, this is so annoying i would say its enraging. Next thing i noticed that♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off personally is that i press A to turn left, and when i press D to stop the turn it just turns the other way. Next thing that♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off is that when i am not moving and i press A it turns the wheels and they stay there, turned left. I would like this, if i had a steering wheel console, but from a keyboard, not its definitely on the minus side.Major thingsAnd now to the elephant in the room. The placeables. I absolutely got excited when i heard about the new system but i am no dissapointed. When you place a placeable, it creates a square which has a plateau on top which is level, but on the edges, there is a small steep clifflike curve that you have to climb and it looks horrendous. And if that wasn't enough, you are paying to create this ugly thing. And you pay A LOT. To create a simple chicken coop that normally costs 20k, you have to pay AT LEAST a 50k markup for the "leveling" for a price of at least 70.000 for chicken coop.But wait, there is a solution. You can always place it ON THE MIDDLE OF YOUR FIELD ! Genious.Now i know that they probably thought, hey you have to sacrifice field land to place your animals but i don't like being forced to do what the developers wanted me to do. I want to place it wherever i want to place it and i don't like being punished for not wanting to kill my awesome field. So yeah. This game isn't ready. Shame on them.
Datafriken	Recommended	10.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/datafriken/	Great game
Malicesin	Recommended	98.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/malicesin/	I can't explain why I like this game so much. . .
Maurin	Recommended	16.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198017667341/	Better than ever!
dreddaN * |	Recommended	2.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/officialdreedz/	so far better then FS17
PedoBear	Recommended	35.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TheAmazingDane/	i think its a good game u just need to learn a litle bit
TheSuicideSheep	Recommended	11.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/thesuicidesheep/	even better than fs 17
[DC] RickGamerNL	Recommended	17.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/RickGamerNL/	nice graphics, good prices.
NotYetTested	Recommended	19.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/christiandog1/	the game right now is lacking but this every fs game has in the early stages. once the modders have time to make their different mods. the game will be 95%, i would say right now its 65%
PedoBear	Recommended	35.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TheAmazingDane/	i think its a good game u just need to learn a litle bit
TheSuicideSheep	Recommended	11.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/thesuicidesheep/	even better than fs 17
[DC] RickGamerNL	Recommended	17.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/RickGamerNL/	nice graphics, good prices.
Finnish drunk guy	Recommended	13.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198323493762/	Best horse physics10/10would horse again.
Maurin	Recommended	16.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198017667341/	Better than ever!
dreddaN * |	Recommended	2.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/officialdreedz/	so far better then FS17
Jefeon	Recommended	22.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198003422129/	Awesome game so far.Vehicle handling and horses are not that good but the rest is pretty amazing, way better graphics than FS17 and many new features added.8/10... 9 if they fix the wheel handling, mods will take care of the rest!
Datafriken	Recommended	10.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/datafriken/	Great game
Malicesin	Recommended	98.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/malicesin/	I can't explain why I like this game so much. . .
BravoNegeTien <RES>	Recommended	5.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198116112032/	Ons gan NOU boer!!
Markus Piirits Tradeit.gg	Recommended	43.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198130273795/	Just perfect
Mr.Boombastic	Recommended	30.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/lampshadeknight/	GREAT GAME 10/10
JayMoto	Recommended	11.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jayhawlk1180/	Best farming game by far out there always loved coing home from work and relaxing and playing farming sim.i pre-ordered 4 months in advanced and the wait killed me to my opion i think the hype lived up to its self for this game. its very fun love the new tractor sounds and the overall look of the game looks completely different from fs17
Ellie	Recommended	31.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/EllieLoves82/	Absolutely loving this game, loving what FS does with every release it just gets better and better and i love how i can choose what color animals i want now, and being able to have my farm where i want it is perfect thank you FS for all the heard work you put into your game
Mini Grim	Recommended	14.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Mini_Grim/	Pros:Best Farming Simulator yet. Cons: No Simulator Radio it listen to, hopefully they will patch it in.  (NOW IN THE GAME AWESOME!!!)
youwansumfuk	Recommended	39.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Marsfellow/	Multiplayer has improved a lot! Teams is a very cool addition and we enjoy it very much!I can only recommend FS19 :)
Arecizox	Not Recommended	0.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198352824596/	Salut !Fiind un fan al acestui joc , abia am asteptat sa se lanseze , am facut precomanda si numaram zilele pana la lansare.... Iata ziua cea mare a sosit , este 20.11.2018 , am descarcat jocul... iar din acel moment... de cand am apasat butonul de start al carierei... am ramas cu un gust amar... "nu se poate , asta sa fie?" ma uitam la cer (in game) si in gandul meu spuneam..."norii astia zici ca-s pictati de un copil de 3 ani" asa vad eu acest update adus mediului inconjurator in FS 19 si anume "dynamic clouds" .Trecand peste asta mi-am achizitionat un tractor  si un combinator , am condus tractorul pana in fata combinatorului si am observat acea enervanta notificare prin care iti arata ca trebuie sa apesi pe tasta "Q" ca sa atasezi acel utilaj "numele sau" (nu m-am obosit sa retin numele combinatorului) ok ... dar tractorul se afla la un unghi de aprox 30 de grade fata de combinator , nu era perfect pozitionat in cat sa pot atasa combinatorul la tractor. Iar cand am apasat pe tasta "Q" , se atasaja combinatorul la tractor...iar acest proces de atasare rezulta un mic bug....prin care tractorul este aruncat in partea dreapta...si se rastoarna.. :))) . Ok sa trecem mai departe , am trecut peste acea faza si imi continui drumul spre o parcela aflata langa ferma , acea trebuia cultivata. Am ajuns cu tractorul pe parcela respectiva si am lasat lucratorul automat sa-si "faca treaba"...oarecum... eu nu eram atent la ce face el acolo , eram ocupat cu explorarea shopului.... cand m-am intors sa vad ce face... el lucra pe parcela vecina care nu era amea , sper sa pot pune poza sa vedeti :)) Nu a durat nici o ora interactiunea mea cu jocul ca sa-mi creez o parere asa de proasta in legaturca cu FS 19 , un joc asa de asteptat de catre mine , am jucat fiecare versiune de FS de la FS 2008 pana la FS 19 dar FS 19 m-a dezamagit total prin grafica sa , prin bugurile sale numeroase , undele modele nu se imbina cu altele .  Ca o prima impresie ...nu este ceea ce m-am asteptat sa fie , este un joc "ieftin" care putea sa fie foarte bun , cei de la GIANTS au experienta in acest joc...stie ce trebuie sa faca dar in aceasta versiune au dat-o in bara. Ideea din FS 19 este buna , sa poti incepe in trei moduri diferite sa fi capabil sa iti modifici ferma asa cu.m vrei... sunt multe chestii prin care au modificat jocul , mai puteau sa adauge pamant dinamic cu.m e in Cattle and Crops si multe altele. Eu nu as fi fost asa de dezamagit de joc daca il finisau , daca ii rezolvau bugurile...hai ca acceptam norii , ce sa faci si cu ei... pureau sa amane data de lansare cu o luna sau doua , nu era problema de asta. Dar in daca ce lansezi jocul in halul asta , in stagiul asta de constructie , sunt sigur ca jocul este cam 80% daca nu mai putin terminat , mai aveau mult delucru la el dar asta a fost sa fie. Cu aceasta versiune lansata imi pare rau sa fac acest comentariu negativ despre joc si imi pare rau sa zic ca si-au pierdut un fan... :( Imi pare rau de gustul amar care mi-la lasat aceasta versiune de FS . Va doresc succes si poate daca lucrurile se remediaza ma voi reintoarce !
Vulvasaur	Recommended	8.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SoulSamurai99/	Awesome game, a huge leap forward from FS17. best campaign until now, it was a nice thing to listen to the players like in previous FS versions! keep on goingThe new grafics engine is out of this world (it's a shame my PC can't run on max quality ;_;)...although i can't hear anything, it would be nice if in next update this problem could be fixed...9/10
EI ENEMPÄÄ	Recommended	18.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198297630759/	Product received for free
Nipukka	Recommended	41.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/simoo/	This game is tranquil and relaxing simulator game that you can sink countless hours into. This game is perfect for playing while watching videos/streams on your other monitor. Listening to music/podcasts also works. Personally speaking this is a necessity because otherwise the game would get very dull purely on its own. But that's just my subjective opinion. Some of the negative reviews here have fair points but a lot of them seem a little dramatic. This game is not identical to FS17 and offers several welcome improvements. But the number of improvements isn't massive either. It is up to the individual to decide whether it's worth the asking price or not. And considering the game is priced at 35€ I feel like it's a fair price. I will list several pros and cons to help you decide if it's worth buying or not. Pros:  Graphics are vastly improved in comparison to FS17. Vehicles and implements are very detailed, lighting is much better, field textures are nicer to look at, colors are more vibrant etc.  You can now see field information by going to the field itself instead of having to open the map to see if it needs to be fertilized, plowed etc Weeds and lime are a welcome addition for field preparation. Gives a good reason to own more tractors to get these additional jobs done.  Parts of previous DLC from FS17 are implemented in the base game of FS19. Stuff like a baler-wrapper, sugarcane crop etc.  The mod support is really good. The collector's edition even comes with modding video tutorials on a disc. There is a mods section on the game's official site where there are currently a few mods uploaded by the developer. There's even a previous FS17 DLC map completely free. User made mods are on the way. The savegame is also easy to edit in notepad to give yourself more money if you want to do so. The shop now has a fully 3D model displayed so you can see exactly what different options look like. Previously you had no idea of knowing how big a difference there was between normal and wide tires for example before buying the item. Or how a tractor would look with a certain color on it etc.  Menus are cleaned up and look nicer. You no longer have dark boxes to display information, everything is transparent this time around. All the relevant info is displayed in a compact and easy to read way.  You can now save the game and come back later when doing jobs for other farmers. Previously you were pretty much instanced and if you had a big field you'd have to play nonstop for hours or you would lose all progress unless you left the game running overnight or something.  At least some tractors have specific engine sounds recorded from their real life counterparts The AI is at least slightly improved. Previously they couldn't do triangle-shaped fields well at all, stopping at each end. This time around they are able to go through and continue perfectly.  You can now empty implements like fertilizer sprayers if you need to switch from liquid fertilizer to herbicide. Pressing I will create a tank of herbicide or liquid fertilizer on the ground next to you.Cons/mixed and subjective stuff: The nights could be darker. Currently it's very easy to see at night and it's a little weird.  Distant mountains look really bad. When looking at a plowed field sideways it shimmers a bit and just looks bad. There are other graphical hiccups also, but nothing terrible.  Mouse feels terrible in this game. Sensitivity is extremely low and it just feels very jerky. V-sync on or off doesn't make a difference at all. In a vehicle it's fine and when controlling front loaders and such but when walking around it's horrible. I've found this game to be best played with a controller and keyboard combo.  Wheel support is bad. The game shows correct inputs for my G29 and it does pick up the pedals etc. Problem is that you can't control the force feedback in game so the wheel is extremely stiff. There is a workaround that worked for FS17 but doesn't seem to be working currently in this title.  Economy and prices are all over the place. 350,000€ for a house? Why?? Things like cow pastures etc.  are also way too expensive. In addition to that you seem to get a bit less money for your crops in the normal difficulty compared to FS17. The contracts (jobs for other farmers) also have really pathetic payouts. I recommend playing on the "easy" difficulty to get reasonable money for your crops.  Create your own farm system is lackluster. It's just a bunch of placeable items on the map and that is it. No ability to make roads or change surface type etc. The terraforming the game uses to level out the ground to make items fit is also stupidly expensive.  Physics are wonky. Stacking bales and lifting pallets just feels floaty. It works, but only just.  Somewhat of a steep learning curve for a beginner. I went into FS17 without knowing a thing about farming. The game has basic tutorials and it'll get you started. But it can get confusing quickly when you start getting into baling, silage, total mixed ration for cows etc. I wouldn't worry about it too much, you don't have to do everything. There's no requirement to own animals and no requirement to do specialized crops like sugarcane or root crops. Just do whatever you personally want to.  
B〄F Borisxxx	Recommended	8.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198036306808/	Farming Simulator 19 is great game , one of the best of farming simulators so far.
Vampkalle	Recommended	16.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198296117827/	very nuice graphics
SGT R Lee Ermey	Recommended	22.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197979741816/	This is a minor upgrade from FS19.  All the same familiar controls and layout.  However you can tell the bulk of their staff puts work into the models of the tractors and the physics/handling of the tractors.  It is very much improved!  The graphics are upgraded slightly and look nice.  The maps are quite contrasting.  The American one looks old, dirty and like slobs ran the town / farm.  The german map is clean and orderly and yet sterile.  Neither map to me feels like a "home" want to work on.  When I do want to ... I try to mow the lawn/weeds and it will not clear the weeds! So it seems impossible to even cut the lawn on your own property!There are major collision issues and bugs with new items in the game that baffle me.  Its unknown how some of these actually made it through QA.  There are still a LOT of quality of life things in the UI that could have been improved on.  Plenty of annoying and missing PC options (Such as inverting the camera axis).  The fact it supports trackIR out of the box is nice but the headlook it a little off kilter now.  It feels off compared to the last version where your head now tilts.  Also still no option to use trackIR for the external view like in ARMA (would be extremely helpful) They removed gold nuggets which was a fun off time thing to do.  I also enjoy cutting grass and clearing wood while waiting for crops.  So with all the negatives aside the game is still fun.   I would just wait a while before buying it for the mods to catch up and for Giants to release a couple patches before you buy.
Freak	Recommended	48.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/LFreak/	FS19 is great, potatoe PC's gonna potate which is why people are giving negative reviews.Am still farming/10
206 - Kyler V	Recommended	40.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198427080671/	Loving the game :)
bman_gaming2	Recommended	17.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198291459908/	This game is amazing. They improved it from 17 tremendously. When I have stop and go off, when I back up i would then try going forward I have to hold down the gas then proceed to hit esc then hit it again to go forward. But I understand that the game just released.
kg6jay	Recommended	36.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kg6jay/	Fun game, but still buggy. Wait for a patch or two to fix the major issues.
jkuzmans	Recommended	9.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198410386326/	sdasdasd
✪ Jole Cash csgoatse.com	Recommended	25.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/volimdajedemmaline/	xd
kg6jay	Recommended	36.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kg6jay/	Fun game, but still buggy. Wait for a patch or two to fix the major issues.
jkuzmans	Recommended	9.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198410386326/	sdasdasd
✪ Jole Cash csgoatse.com	Recommended	25.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/volimdajedemmaline/	xd
Fup 1982@pvpro.com	Recommended	15.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198359357511/	Product received for free
Johnny	Recommended	4.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/weaponjohnnyx/	The game looks good and lets you be a farmer.
Fors	Recommended	19.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/swagster1012/	peltorn ä mä, snuset är med, Långa draug idag
Snakeeyes	Recommended	23.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/sixcessful1/	Been so excited and played as much as i can since it came out and i have to say its one of the nicested performing and looking games ive played in a while other than a few bugs(that i hope will be fixed) it is a nice game to play with other people with the new economy system.
mRSLL	Recommended	28.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/MRSLL/	Better than 17 in my opinion... :D
astro2k	Recommended	30.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/astro2k/	So far not too bad. Im impressed with the shaders and lighting, clearly an improvment, the textures haven't really blown me away, seem very similar to fs17 although the tractor models seem more detailed which is nice. I have encountered a few bugs which I hope are resolved asap. But I can see this being a worthy successor to fs17 which I have put a couple hundred hours into. The maps are pretty good, both contrast eachother nicely plus you have Estancia Lapacho the fs17 platinum map to download on the modhub.
JosephBones	Recommended	34.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198002966158/	People whining that the game is same as FS17, or crying like babies "Bring back fs09" can simply re download it and play those games.FS19 is awesome, new Game mode are cool to play ( i love the "My farm mode" - you start with 1250000 and you must start from scratch, you go on fields and chose a land to buy, then buy equipment, Buildings, silos etc..The Graphics are awesome and More High quality then FS17 ( when you have the computer for it. If you are too poor to have a good "gaming" computer, don't whine graphic sucks, your computer suck )What I like: seems that market a less affected when you dump a load of Crops. In FS17, 1 load of Soybean could be 1200$ and after 1  run the price plummet to 800$. In FS19, I did notice that after 1 load of soybean, price has started to go down but from 1200$ to 1160$. At least we have now time to go back to Silo, fill up and come back to sell stuffFor sure 45$ seems a bit high, but the modder society is so awesome that this game will be flooded by mods. And keeping a big number of mods to be downloaded, maintain, updated etc, that cost a lot of money for servers and bandwidth. So why not. It takes money to build a game and maintain a game. It take also Profits to start developing the next one :) Lot of thumbs up for the game, I had lot of fun to play yesterday and surely will play tonight too Grats guys!
Jack	Recommended	10.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jack99097/	OK
Moe Lestah	Recommended	1.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mxlook232/	Love Farming in a game
Mr.DudeMan	Recommended	3.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198059743985/	amazing.
NPC0654654125	Recommended	16.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Squidward086/	Is good
Deano El Diabeto	Recommended	36.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/deanthomson74/	a soild 10/10
MrKris	Recommended	20.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/MrKrisBG/	Worth the money! !!!! It's awsome!
dusty	Not Recommended	2.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/dusty-thealmighty/	I'm disappointed by the game. Graphics got better, indeed. Physics did not. - It's as terrible as before. Some bales just magically followed me behind because the game computed it as still on my fork. It wasn't. - Trailers do not react properly when items are placed on in. The farm building is ridiculously dull. Not much to do. Finally, most of the mods they implemented soon after release, such as the crop destruction, are missing.I asked for a refund. Let's hope they provide us with something better than a graphic upgrade next year and a few new crops/animals.
Lendercl	Recommended	57.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/lendercl/	So far i think that the game is 100% worth buying. The graphics are incredible compared to FS17 and i love the phsysics!
who??	Recommended	21.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198291802078/	best game  10/10 love it
AvgHunter	Recommended	11.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/avghunter/	Whats up with the controls page.  I have never been so frustrated in my life over a game control setup! I meant fs17 went smooth for me and had two different controls setup with no problem. Now in fs19 where i thought this is gonna be  sweet, ......wacked! I mean comon guys its a control page! you created an amazing game and the killer is the setup page. Four attemps now and im about to quit and go back to fs17 already. Havent had a chance to enjoy it yet as  without the sticks for logging which i do is too frustrating. Well maybe someone can help here. I do the same procedure as 17, I delete the joy mappings and start fresh, except theres one on menu open binded to my button 10 and I caant remove it. Also the tabs go into a loop select and wont stop until i move the throttle half way. This was a nightmare from fs15 that we experienced. In 17 none of this happened and I didnt change anything in my joysticks or wheel. Sorry about the rant.
Terroristhawk	Recommended	46.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Terroristhawk/	I have enjoyed it so far, might update review.Yes, not much changes indepth but that was expected.
Deano El Diabeto	Recommended	36.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/deanthomson74/	a soild 10/10
MrKris	Recommended	20.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/MrKrisBG/	Worth the money! !!!! It's awsome!
⭕Live 4 L V™	Recommended	19.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/live4lv/	It's not finished yet. There are lots of bugs - some are bigger, some - smaller! There are also useless vehicles. But.. But they would fix them... So just enjoy!
VWesT	Not Recommended	59.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198045832320/	well..i played all of the frachise series games best was FS 13 FS 15 and FS 17... when i played FS 13 and was released FS15 i wait until late night and hop in the game right away start playing...same was for FS17 they just put it to another level everything works perfect ....well in FS19?...i say NO....i spent like 1,5 hours to set my official FARMING WHEEL..where from start it start moving backwards by yrself and X axis moves to the right all the time ...so my camera is rotating whole the ♥♥♥♥♥ing time so i had to set some dead zones to more than 5 because of that...the graphics look very nice it run fine but performance is questionable...i got 1080 ti and i7 8700k 16gb of ram...but i see my graphic card work hard to get it to those 60FPS. where in FS17 was almost all the time idle...so yh i can imagine its work like shiat on lower cards...again i say NO....the worst thing for me is sounds the sounds from engine r toooooo much quiet in cabin i have to put volume all the way up to hear something and when i change camera from cabin to 3th person is too loud so u have to put it down like a imbecil...again i say NO...well i have 1000+ hours in FS17 the game worked right from start and run perfectly no problem and look decent even now it still look decent i think and its the only one game i played so long and loved so much....FS19 was hyped too much and its look like garbage sorry to put it that way but its how it is...for now STAY AWAY from this its not worth yr time performance is poor sounds are terrible and controls r weird + whenu press accelerator it takes like 3sec to accelerate and than is right away at full speed i cant just get smooth up to speed....terrible.... i hope devs will fix the problems there r sooooo manny.play FS17 until they fix it if u love farming just as mealso another problem...all the combine harvester sounds are exactly same. I tried Grimme Varitron, Case for cotton, Case for sugar cane, New Holland FR, Krone big X 1180....WTF even a FS15 and FS 17 got all the unique sounds...THIS IS UNACCEPTABLE!!!...i played the game for 10 hour maybe and im already tired of listening same sounds over and over again..when u got such a nice machines with such different technology...and previous games had it done better... UNACCEPTABLE !!!AND FOR U DEVS... DONT U ♥♥♥♥♥ING DARE ADD PAYED DLC WHICH GOT RECYCLED SOUND FROM THE OTHERS... I LOVED YR GAME I GOT 1000+ HOURS ON FS 17...AND U DO THIS REALLY?
Tracksuit Trauma	Recommended	20.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197976944832/	I just bought a pretty good mod for FS17.
Ace	Not Recommended	0.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197968399225/	I wanted to love this game! I played Farm Sim 18 on my Android device for 40 or 50 hours and it was a heap of fun. When I saw Farm Sim 19 I was very excited! Unfortunately after 52 minutes of play I requested a refund for the following reasons:No tooltips - Yes there is a tutorial but tooltips are very much the standard in today's gaming industry. With so many different map symbols, filters, vehicle types, etc. it would have made my initial experience much smoother. Convoluted menu interface - Esc, then Info, then Backspace to leave the game isn't very intuitive. That is the most prominent example. Recycle bins - 10 of my 52 minutes played were spent trying to get past recycle bins with my harvester. I had knocked some over with my tractor and they were in the middle of the road. I figured surely my harvester could push them out of the way! Not initially. I drove over them and was stuck, then was forced onto a mail box which seems to be constructed with adamantium. I dismounted my vehicle but the hand symbol doesn't do anything so I couldn't manually move them. I eventually deployed the harvester to shovel the bins off the road. I went from very, very excited to not at all. The game looks just fantastic from the intro video but it's not a smooth transition to actually getting into the game. I'm certain in the long run it will be a lot of fun but for now, the UI and basic movement / interaction still needs work. I don't recommend this game for those unfamiliar with the genre at all -- and for those who want a very smooth initial start. Pros / diehard Farmers, have at it!
DeLiRi0uS2010	Not Recommended	1.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198019435983/	I played for 72 minutes as a first time FS player. I started the "New Farmer" game and tried my best to figure it out. After about 3 lessons on basic plowing and planting the Tutorial just stopped. I had no idea what to do next, how to pick up my wheat that was harvested, how to store it, how to sell it etc. I tried picking it up and taking it to my silo but it just spilled on the ground. Tried taking it to a grain tower to sell and i couldn't dump it there. I read through the in-game help and tried everything i could to understand but just couldn't get a way to sell or store my wheat. Admittedly, I'm sure this is a very noobish thing that is very basic, but the fact that the game couldn't give me any guidance on what to do next or how to complete this very basic task took all of the fun out of it for me. I asked for the refund. Don't know that I could reccommend this to new players who have never picked up FS from the series before.4/10
jaik714	Not Recommended	15.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jaik714/	I was so excited for this and it's unplayable. The wheels don't return to a straight path anymore. I've been a rabid fan of this game since the 2015 edition but now it's unplayable. If you have a wheel and pedals I guess it would be fine but for those of us who don't have an extra $1000 laying around it's useless. You can't straighten out your tractor to save your life. I'm just trying to mow in a straight line and I can't do it. I've been through all the settings menus and there isn't a way to tell it to steer straight when you let off the button on the keyboard. Way too much frsutration for me. Guess I'll try Cattle and Crops.
KittyKat	Recommended	3.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198045398611/	BEST farming simulator available. Nice graphics and great gameplay. 10/10 Giants. Recommended.Comments disabled so trolls can't reply. Have a nice day.
(COWBOY)	Recommended	77.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/cowboy_32/	Y’all are a bunch of idiots they just came out with the game yesterday..  like any other game there is patches that need to be done so y’all just grow the Fu$&
C:\Driver\Launch.exe	Not Recommended	26.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/incArtz/	I was going to give it a thumbs up when I first played it for 2 hours, everything was fine, I was having fun ect ect. After a while my game started to act a bit weird, my copy of the game started to get sick, it got worse and worse after each time I launched it. The state of my game now is that I cannot enter a single vehicle without crashing to desktop or freezing. Seriously, it must be corruptions in the files or something I don't know but please Giant's Software fix my game issues, people have gotten same issues as me and starting to retreat out of the game because of it's state. I know it is a early release and I will expect bugs but simple bugs like this isn't acceptable right now. Thank you for the graphics overhaul btw! Oh wait you were saying that I was missing something? Oh right, the gameplay is exactly same as FS17 but with better graphics. I was expecting alot more than new brands, graphics overhaul and more. Anyways don't buy this game NOW. Wait until this game get a massive bug update.
KittyKat	Recommended	3.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198045398611/	BEST farming simulator available. Nice graphics and great gameplay. 10/10 Giants. Recommended.Comments disabled so trolls can't reply. Have a nice day.
ZLY	Not Recommended	13.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198298211399/	Well the hipe was big ,but the end rezult is the same like others ........the grafic is poor quality not like in the commercial .....the only thing what i like is the bunch off equpment wath you have .The rest off it is trash :(((DISAPPOINTED!!!!!!!
ReubyJuice	Recommended	16.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/reubyjuice/	Product received for free
wellseyuk	Recommended	44.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198107204837/	When you release a piece of software into the big wide world there are gonna be problems, no amount of testing is gonna catch every glitch just because everyones system configuration regarding the pc release is different wether it be hardware or software, all in all I'm enjoying it a great deal and in time I'm sure a lot of the problems will be addressed, The only major thing I wished had been intergrated in is seasons.
DogPoint	Not Recommended	1.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197978463728/	This feels more like a DLC pack for Farming Simulator 17.  How is this a new game?  It is NOT worth $35!  If you are interested in getting this game, then I suggest you wait until it drops in price.
Kerolyte	Not Recommended	9.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Kerolyte/	NO NOT BUY IF YOU HAVE 7.1 HEADSET/SPEAKERS. Sound doesn't work. Solid game otherwise.
MrGsPhace	Not Recommended	44.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/MrGsPhace/	Just the same graphics from the last version, only thing they did was add uncontrollable HDR/bloom to call it "new graphics" c'mon you guys said you did the game from the ground up this time... WTF is that♥♥♥♥♥♥ Its 2018 and false advertising is so last century; you should pay everybody $500 in real money for doing that but nope you have to be sued to do that too. I have like 10 different farming sims, 3 of them are from different developers, Giant is one of them... the others fare better... Giant needs to grow up.
K4RL330N	Not Recommended	0.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198836980348/	♥♥♥♥ing sucks i changed screen resolution and it crasched and now i cant even launch it -.-
379longhoodcat	Not Recommended	3.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198258940725/	poop but the modders will make it better
Korzu	Recommended	8.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Korzu/	Best game year 2018 has to offer!
Gh0st	Recommended	10.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/alexGh0st/	Quite different than FS17, but i like it ;)
★VecaisRaimis	Recommended	47.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/RaimisLV/	Nice, more options on MP i like it.
Farmer (G)	Recommended	16.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198298480523/	Such a good game it has improved so much I recommend guys. :)
Jayabb2	Not Recommended	9.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jayabb2/	Big Graphics turn around its amazing, Its Like FS17 was laggy on my PC, But FS19 works fine no lag what so ever, only issues we are facing with this game is the sound doesn't work on 7.1 sound, with Gaming Headsets such as Corsair etc, This needs updating and fast, Because a lot of people are going to get their money back or put in claim via their Credit cards, PayPal etc. What Giants should of done is not rushed the release when they thought people would have issues with their PC's who users gaming headsets as a lot of people do, and don't really want to have their monitor as the actual sound, When people want to here the true sounds of Tractors, Vehicles etc. I rate this Game NO, I may change it when giants wants to start fixing the 7.1 sound system. The whole review of this game Giants Software you have destoryed the series completely.Oh and look exactly the same as was in FS17 if you the engine isn't on, As you are dictators you have something come up as a notification "Please Start The Engine First!" That is not a Simulator Giants Software.
Uvuvwevwevwe Onyetenyevwe Osas	Recommended	12.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198084334680/	Nice.
thelaw1021	Recommended	5.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/thelaw1021/	Played 13, 15 and 17, so this isn't my first Farming Simulator.  I'm impressed overall with the improvements they made to the game.  I've noticed some peopel saying that the game is buggy - I haven't come across anything yet, doesn't mean it won't happen, but I've been playing this game on my Surface Book 2 running the GTX 1060 with no issues.  Haven't tried it on my desktop yet, but I doubt the RTX loaded in that will have any issues.I'm impressed with the ability to build your farm any way you like.  The basic mode of getting a pre-built farm is also still enjoyable as always, and the difficulty can now be changed in game , so any mode that is chosed can be modified later.  The new graphics engine is cool - the vehicles react to the terrain underneath a little more, and they put the seat stabilizers in the game as well, making it a little jerky at times just because you're not actually in the tractor.  I've been enjoying it so far and I expect I'll be enjoying it for many years to come.
Dirt_Rocker	Recommended	29.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198079558149/	Best Game Ever.10/10Must Buy
faze up	Recommended	0.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198289228902/	What can I do it wont let me play?
Mumsy	Recommended	68.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198139560564/	New to this series of games, yes whilst there are bugs games only been out for a few days so I'm sure they'll be ironed out soon enough.
Swigg	Recommended	7.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198071228395/	Really good and fun game to pass the time, Ive played FS17 but didnt get quite into it but FS19 im gonna be on that all the time. 9/10
Nanowave	Recommended	21.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197969023173/	I like it so far, Graphics and UI are much better, especially the UI. I do miss some of the equipment though thats missing, also a few of the money generating buildings are gone but on the flip side there are a ton more new peices of equipment and the missing stuff will no doubt end up being added as mods.The way the tractors drive are different, the wheel turning is different in they dont snap back to strait they come back much like a real vehicle, if you used a mod in FS17 for this it won't be much different. Its an improvment for sure but may take some getting used to.Over all definately recommend.
bleh	Recommended	50.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/d1d2dae92951fc6c5e83a0a5a7e557cc/	This is a great game, it definitely has a few launch day bugs but very fun and very playable.
big cum daddy 4 incher	Recommended	38.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Pallon/	dunno what you ''high end'' plebs are on about, I have a 5 year old pc and it's running the game on high without a problem.
tide	Recommended	4.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198117601818/	Edited :DCan't move any vehicles!?  -  problem solved(keybinding issues)Still have problems with steering wheel and pedals(thrustmaster)
|tb|Brutal	Recommended	108.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197970901679/	While not perfect it is still a step up.  The graphics are great and nicely improved.  The ai is still just about as dumb as before.  The part that I am disappointed in is the fact that some of the mods like gps and courseplay are not a part of the game.  Some of these mods feel like essential mods that just make the quality of life in the game so much better.  It is time for giants to step up and add them to the game themselves and not be relying on modders to make these additions to the game.
Micy Zgd	Recommended	19.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/MicyZgd/	Its like RDR2
W. Wolfe	Not Recommended	29.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ZWWolfe/	Spent lots of hours in the franschise..... was not pleased with this one.  very laggy and my trucks seem to get stuck on everything, i.e. tried logging and the loggin truck kept getting hung up on bumps.   The glitches are what I expected from free mods players made, but not this...  I pre ordered, was excited and now I am not enjoying it at all.  Placing buildings is a major chore and nothing is level, cant place things worth a d@*n, not to mention no passive income.  until the patches come out, Id stick with FS17, plenty of mods and still a blast.
K20_Suburban	Recommended	16.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198854703998/	nice
Swigg	Recommended	7.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198071228395/	Really good and fun game to pass the time, Ive played FS17 but didnt get quite into it but FS19 im gonna be on that all the time. 9/10
Nanowave	Recommended	21.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197969023173/	I like it so far, Graphics and UI are much better, especially the UI. I do miss some of the equipment though thats missing, also a few of the money generating buildings are gone but on the flip side there are a ton more new peices of equipment and the missing stuff will no doubt end up being added as mods.The way the tractors drive are different, the wheel turning is different in they dont snap back to strait they come back much like a real vehicle, if you used a mod in FS17 for this it won't be much different. Its an improvment for sure but may take some getting used to.Over all definately recommend.
bleh	Recommended	50.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/d1d2dae92951fc6c5e83a0a5a7e557cc/	This is a great game, it definitely has a few launch day bugs but very fun and very playable.
big cum daddy 4 incher	Recommended	38.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Pallon/	dunno what you ''high end'' plebs are on about, I have a 5 year old pc and it's running the game on high without a problem.
tide	Recommended	4.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198117601818/	Edited :DCan't move any vehicles!?  -  problem solved(keybinding issues)Still have problems with steering wheel and pedals(thrustmaster)
Skinner	Recommended	50.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/skinner91/	Perfect
Elijah1	Recommended	69.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Elijah1/	All i have to say isBasically the best Farming simulator game Yet 
iTiC	Not Recommended	14.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198003351505/	This is the first FS which disappointed me really badly. At this state FS17 is far more enjoyable game to play. I understand that you can´t put much new stuff to these kind of games, but how can you even go backwards in development.. Disgrace
Cooters	Not Recommended	15.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/callmesky/	This is the first Farming sim that I have played and it will be the last one. Unfortunately I have 6 hours in the game so I was denied a refund. But know that I did try to get one. It alone takes about 45 minutes just to complete the tutorial, which barely shows you any of the mechanics of the game. Then you must spend an hour or two trying to figure out how to even start your farm. It was built to get you past the refund threshold before you figure out the game is garbage. You are left guessing when you start, how do I purchase land/equipment? How do I manage animals? What is the purpose of buildings?On top of all the remaining questions you have, farms are buggy and won't allow complete planting of crops. I don't know if was due to terrain changes or what, but my farm was very patchy. Corn would only plant on 50% of each row. It would sow for 10 feet then it magically wouldn't for 10 feet, then it would start sowing again and then stop again. Very frustrating trying to research online why this would happen when it turns out its just buggy.The map is missing quite a few labels, So if you start a contract requires you to do something, which was also not explained anywhere, you are left guessing where to go and what to do.
Draathe	Recommended	45.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198011544203/	Farming Simulator 17 plus two whole years!  10/10, would farm again.Seriously though, minor tweaks making weeding independent of fertilizing make a big difference in the gameplay loop.
JakerfuffleTV	Recommended	24.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/peebles/	read alot of the negative reviews, not sure what all these bugs people are encountering are, but im enjoying this much more than 17, ive owned 13 15 17 and 19 , and so far im enjoying it greatly, this deserves much higher review rating than 17, i think the problem is people bought into a small dev saying it is going to be an amazing change, and they have changed some things but if anyone believes devs in 2018 u deserve to be let down,solid game, what i expected, have yet to encounter bugs, but as with most small devs price should be alot lower, id say $25 price point but people call me a cheapskate
Archangel	Recommended	57.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Archangelet/	If you linked any of the earlier versions you will love this, great game!Now get off my land :)Modding support seems to be lower than previous but expect to have more through Giants mod manager.
TT_WidowMaker	Not Recommended	24.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ttwidowmaker/	feels like i went back a few years i will stick to 15 and 17 far better games and if this is road this game is going im out the effort that went into animals is just lame expected so much more from this game and focus :(
Axo	Recommended	31.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/iaxo/	beep beep
Mr Stifler Tommy	Recommended	20.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/tomxya/	One and only realistic reality. I've played a lot of simulator but fs19 has slammed all the rest, it seems that developers are investing their efforts in development and that it is not just about money, although they might be able to improve where they are, but I do not have anguish really tried and actually started to say something new and did not copy from previous versions. congratulations to all of you who participated in the development of this game.
ThePortableGamer	Not Recommended	47.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198252909956/	Is this a joke? Is this a beta or something?Spent 3 hours of the game freezing every time I tried to X into or tab into a vehicle. Found a bug thread on the dev's forum. Turns out it was my gamepad. Well, not actually my gamepad. It was my USB hub. Apparently this game can't sort out other devices on a hub, so if you want to use a gamepad (or wheel) it has to be plugged directly into a USB port. So, yeah, I guess all my other peripherals can sit on my desk while I farm. I kid, I kid! I won't be farming, at least not on this sim.On an i7-7700@2.8ghz (up to 3.8ghz), 16gb DDR4 RAM, GTX 1050 with 4gb, with graphics on high and a few on ultra, this game looks like absolute garbage. Worse than FS17 with ReShade. Draw distances are like a cruel prank. It also runs my card hotter than any other sim I've ever played. Fans maxed out the whole time I was in-game.No Seasons Mod or Seasons Mod functionality, as was strongly hinted at. Sporadic dynamic hose functionality. Lots of recycled equipment from FS17 (and FS15!). Physics is still, uh...amusing. They did get rid of the Formula One tractor performance, and now they all drive like a 2 door Honda Civic. Which I guess is an improvement. No Gearbox functionality, as was strongly hinted at. No extended AI as was strongly hinted at. You can buy areas of the map, and you can buy structures to fill an entire area and make a farm of sorts. That tends to deform terrain for the transitions around the buildings and it ends up looking like generic structures plopped down via an interface, rather than placed structures. Essentially your 'farm' looks fake and has no immersion.It's got lime now. Hooray! And horses. Lots of birds fly around. And you get a dog that doesn't do anything.Seriously, if you want to be this disappointed go stream a Channing Tatum movie. At least it won't cost you 35 bucks and roast your graphics card.And pre-emptively, no, I'm not a C&C fanboi. I got snookered by those fools and sent them a hundred bucks via Kickstarter for a sim that's never going to be finished. My disappointment with FS is just about FS19 and nothing else.
Kraetor	Not Recommended	13.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198040253815/	Decent game so far, but some of the implements are buggy. Had a hard time planting a field of corn with the Vaderstad V8 for example. It would leave patches all over the place. The Agromasz BTC 50H doesn't pull straight. This stuff should have ben seen in testing. I would wait to buy until this stuff is fixed
SunnyBoy	Not Recommended	1.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/sunny22hd/	EN: it's not what I expected. :( fs17 with little improvements. i will continue to play fs17. I do not recommend! :(RO: nu este ceea ce ma asteptam. :( este fs17 cu mici imbunatatiri. am sa continui sa ma joc fs17. nu recomand! :(
Nataliya	Not Recommended	0.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198026206590/	60 FPS lock "because of physics".No 7.1 sound support.Only supports 4 different input devices.I thought we lived in 2018?
Kinky_Hazard	Not Recommended	6.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198015468547/	I have played most of the farm sim releases, and this is by far the worst "new" game they have made, the graphics set to max on my top end PC look no better if not worse than the previous FS.. Still no body in driving seat when driving the tractor in cockpit view, and the train and vehicle horn sounds truly awful and badly done..  well.. it all feels ans seems really bland :/ sorry guys,, you've let  me down on this one..
Tonda	Not Recommended	1.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198011318831/	Im disapointed and already asked for refund.Same errors and same issues like in previous versions, im lazy to write all of them, you can check different posts.I dont recomend it, wait if they fix it or stay in modded 15, 17.
Yam Ceam Lung	Not Recommended	23.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198058231211/	dissapointing ...nothing new ..the same graphics , physics...exacty like fs 17 only the colors changet a bit...in fact its just like fs 17 modded
Die Zahl	Not Recommended	15.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/diezahl/	"a complete overhaul of the graphics engine" it's a lie. Its the same unity crap engine and there is no difference between LS17 and LS19 in gamemechanics. Better get LS17 for 5 bucks from Gamestop.
Palbra86	Recommended	25.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198173602913/	They really fine tuned this one.  Everything is so polished.  Everything is improved, the vehicle suspension, overall textures, sounds, birds, lighting, mission system, career mode as a whole.  Place your buildings where you want them, cut your fields to the shape you want with plenty of room to do so.  I love the land plot purchase system instead of just buying fields. The response and controls of the vehicles are way more realistic.  I have been playing since FS 2009 with the trees constantly hanging your vehicles up and and the laughable AI, to finally play this one 10 years later and see just how much care and thought they put into it is just amazing to me.  This was released 12 hours ago and I have 9 hours in already, I simply love every single improvement and feature they "implemented"! Pun intended  :D  Seriously though, these people whining because there is no placeable money generators, or they can't get a highly specialized controller to work because it was designed for a different game, or the game crashes because they are trying to play on a 10 year old pc with onboard video is just rediculous. They shouldn't take away from the developers hard work because of personal issues. Rate the GAME not your PC and accessory performance issues because it isn't the developers fault and if you want placeable money generators, just wait a few weeks and mods galore will be available for you to get free money without actually farming........in Farming Simulator.  Great job Giants! Thank you for this masterpiece! I will be supporting you by buying any DLC you produce in the future, keep up the great work you do!!!
60plusGamer	Not Recommended	13.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198109915361/	Vey buggy, very ugly. This was suppose to be a huge transformation with a "new graphics engine". Germans, did you get your new engine from a 14 year old freshman in his first CSS class? This is my final days as a farm simulator and any other simulator produced by German engineering (since their devs can't seem to behave themselves). Got your point devs about a "trashy" america. Now you get my point.......I'll never spend another penny on software from German engineering! 
Papa Dylan Quiffasaurus Rex III	Not Recommended	2.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/NuclearNinja115/	Only 1 person can ride in a vehicle wtf is this gameeeee. Absolute rubbish
Hak3n[LV]	Not Recommended	39.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198051969997/	Early impressions are bit sour.   I will start with things that I spotted straight away.    G27+Saitek side-panel+track IR setup that worked perfectly fine on FS17 prevent me from walking forwards or backwards (W,S input was ignored), so I scrapped it all, unplugged and went with Xbox controller.    First game crash 10 minutes in, trying find best spot for shed.   Game difficulty modes: I always have played FS on medium difficulty, This time it makes you build your farm by placing buildings. Sad thing is, you are not so flexible with building placement like they praised in prelaunch streams. Placeable is ruining terrain, destroys roads in case you want your chicken pen next to driveway and charges for ground leveling  will skin you quick if you are not careful. If you go with prebuilt farm, that looks quite nice, you can not adjust economy difficulty, so this time it seems that it will be easy mode for me.    Another thing to mention, when you finished with farm building, it looks ugly. Random ground textures under each placeable, no fancy fencing around your house, shortly - it looks like a mess even if you try your best.   Also there is something funky going on with vehicle physics, my cheap Holland harvester struggles to move out of place after every turn when starting new row of crop harvest while Header is operational.   About positives: graphics leaves good first impression, they truly have been improved and game looks better than FS19 predecessor. HUD has improved but could be better with some small tweaks.   I haven't experienced a lot of things in game yet, so I will try to update this and turning it from first impressions to review while putting more hours in game.   Leaving thumbs down doesn't mean game is bad its how I felt about it within first hour of playing. They definitely could do more polish and tweaks before releasing it. Ido believe Giants will fix address the issues but first impressions are the way they are.Update: Track IR works fine but there is an interesting thing about it. It seems our fella that we play as, has a bad hump in back. When turning head, camera has a bit weird angle. Seems he need to learn how to adjust seating position that he doesn't need to lean so much forwards and can keep his back straight.   Had no luck with G27 tho. Control settings menu freaks out, like its confused and treating wheel like xbox controller, wheel does not respond of force feedback and spring settings change in Logitech profiler. Gave up on that but if anyone has better luck with it, would be glad to hear a solution.   No more crashes since then, encountered few minor bugs, but nothing game breaking.
IAmGroot	Recommended	16.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198028528787/	This game is really good, yes there are bugs as people are claiming but giants is aware of them so i'm waiting for a patch, just give them some time to fix. If you liked fs17 you will like this one too. Don't trust people not reccomending this game with 0.3 hr playtime.  I will keep this review updated if needed.Edit: developer are actively replying to people to help yhem fix problem and they said that a bug fixing patch is coming out soonEdit 2: yesterday 22/11/2018 the first hotfix came out, fixed sounds issue with the 7.1 surround and multiplayer problems and other things, good one.
vmax133	Not Recommended	0.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198237023106/	GIANT'S ENGINE 8.0.0 stopped working. Won't load, can't play. I'm probably just going to get a refund at this point. That makes more sense than buying a new desktop computer just to play this simulator. Granted my two year old computer has a crappy fixed Intel graphics card, but it seems to play all of my other games fairly well. It's just not worth the trouble of trying to get this game to work. I have to leave a recommendation to post this for some reason. Keep in mind that I have not, or  cannot play this game, but I'll give it a thumbs down for not being able to be played on a normal computer.
Freakpoo3	Recommended	51.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198098298661/	I have no affiliation with Giant's software, and I'm not one to normally leave a comment so here goes. The initial problems of this game ie, the lag and frame drops can easily be fixed by PROPERLY ADJUSTING YOUR GRAPHIC SETTINGS to the specs your computer can handle. Specifically the shadows and shadow light, turn these down or off and it will create a noticeable improvement. Putting the blame on Giants Software for your own shortcomings of technology is unjustified. I've seen a number of people complaining how the game also doesn't contain various mods such as the 'Seasons' mod. Giant's software did not create it, and, considering that the game has been out for less than 2 days, you could have some patience in the people who actually produce this content for you to do so. The Maps are not great, but that can be said for ever map Giants has released in the vanilla version of their games EVER. They focus very little of their time on the actual map design so they can focus on the important things, like the hundreds of vehicles and impliments already in game and created by them. I do have to say that when you optimize the game to your graphic settings, the work that they put into these machines really shines through.Gamepad issues has to do soely with the gamepad itself and not Giant's software. I have had no issues taking the approach to setting up my Logitech G920 wheel and pedals on FS19 as I did with FS17. Make sure your gamepad is plugged in correctly, and you will have no issues.SHOULD YOU BUY THIS GAME??Like any purchase you might want to do some initial research into the product you are going to buy before purchasing it and expecting something completely different. That being said, Giant's has deffinetly lived up to what they said would be part of the inital game on release. The growth of the game will continue to take time by the company itself and the modding community. SO SHOULD I BUY THIS GAME? Yes if you are okay with waiting for the mods to be created and released, if that is what you are looking to get out of the game. If you expect everything to be ready for you right away, you might want to go back to FS17 for some time while the community can properly put together the mods for the game.To re-iterate. I have no affiliation with Giant's software, and they are not paying me for my review. 
RoJoSWE	Not Recommended	35.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198202698440/	Why do you sell us a broken♥♥♥♥♥game?Now when I've played it a bit more, It's okay but thats it.. Patch this game and It could turn up nice...
L3G1T_HAT3R	Not Recommended	19.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198140191813/	Compared to FS17, FS19 fells like a huge step back. Only real positive is the Graphics and the new added equipment
MattaFlakka	Recommended	17.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/MattaFlakka/	Love it, 10/10 would farm again.
Senap	Not Recommended	15.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198030711433/	G29 steering wheel does not work properly.
Donald J. Trump	Not Recommended	7.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mitjaarh/	Game is every year almost the same... We espect much more.... 
Ted Cruz CSGOLotto.com	Recommended	35.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/oldmancrabs98/	ePIC sTYLE
Mrs.Moore	Recommended	21.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198172129738/	I highly recommend Farming Simulator 19. My first time launching the game I played 6 hours and didn't even realize it until I got off. The graphics and mechanics are great and it's much improved than the other versions.
Jake030	Not Recommended	18.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198080206695/	NICE MOVIE DOES NOT MEET GAME QUALITY.This game needs improve more.or wait for modnot time to buy at least
mr_c00per	Not Recommended	5.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198127538969/	Super disappointing. I have played every one before this one and each new one has added something. I have been on this for a few hours now and other than the different map, I cant really see anything new or improved. I know it’s a game about farming so what can be done to add to the game? But still, effectively paying for a new map and that’s it.  
cmdhall	Recommended	19.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198386257940/	fun game so far, havent experienced any bugs which is good
𝐬𝗄𝚢𝑏𝑜𝑟𝑛𝔢	Recommended	38.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197986338532/	Go buy it.  
Nickem10	Recommended	42.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Nickem10/	i like it
Wulffe	Not Recommended	4.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197983494031/	Why is this game called Farming Simulator?It should be called Arcade Farming.This game is about driving machines, so why not focus on improving the simulation and physics of the vehicles?Where is realistic mode - And where is the physics?Where you have change gears, toogle 4wd mode, locking the diffs for not beeing stuck in mud, or on a hill?And why does it feel like the tractor weighs the same as a mid-sized dog? And please show me the tractor which can brake from 50 km/t to 0 in 2 seconds, even with 50-60 tons on the hook. And how can you pull a 60 ton trailer with a 100hp tractor?The game looks okey, but not as great as I had hoped. There is some very nice features in this new version of of FS - But as long as the "simulation" of the vehicles feel so arcade like, I am sticking to FS17.I do know I can get mods that makes it more realistic - But seriously, this is a simutation game, it should be build right in.You should be careful when unloading in the pile. (Trailer could fall over if your trailer is crooked)You should be careful when going around a corner too fast. (The tractor to tip over)You should be careful not to buy oversized implements to your small tractor.None of this is true in FS 19 - You can do what you like, and the game just lets you.This is a updated version of Farming Simulator 17.A new game engine and a few new features - And it still feels like an arcade game.
The Shit Blizzard	Recommended	26.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198187169395/	keeps freezing after a couple of minutes of play
(FMG) intimidator	Not Recommended	11.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/intimidator851/	GAME KEEPS LOCKING UP WHEN SWAPING TO A TRACTOR " ive sorted the crash issue it was down to my g29 steering wheel  making it crash *
✪BrunoXmega✪ ✔	Recommended	0.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/BrunoXmega/	FARM LIKE NEVER BEFORE!Totally agree!
HJTLINCS	Recommended	58.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/HJTLINCS/	Another great installment from Giants BUT, there is a definite sense that it has been rushed and not quite finished. Quite a few bugs and I know modders are not happy that they haven't got the new tools that they were promised.Lets hope there are patches soon and that the modding community are not too put off to take a good game and make it excellent once again.
sarge242	Not Recommended	19.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197974344937/	i use a thrustmaster t-150 and the saitek side panel and both controllers mess up the menu ui  exit game un hook controllers menu ui is fine game feels like a half finished product maybe if they made less videos hyping their product and released a fully functioning game with all features that they promised people would be happy !!!!!! hey Giants how about it maybe you can put out a patch and clear this♥♥♥♥♥♥up
Gavin The Gamer	Recommended	23.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198292625400/	This is a great game (with one exception). Whenever I enter any kind of harvester (whether that be a combine or forage harvester) the game crashes. I have tried reinstalling and verifing files with no sucess. Anyways, the graphics are fantastic and the sounds and overall "feel" of the game is great. In the tractors with a air ride seat they move as you are going over bumps and it is very realistic. The engine RPM acually increases when you are doing field work, as well as the other machinery. The only thing really I want is to use a combine, and I hope a patch is releaed or something. Anyways, buy it.
TOS = BlackDeath	Recommended	26.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198019088682/	Giants did it again, another great farm sim, must play
biggin482	Recommended	1.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198137888439/	Product received for free
JustMeJustinD	Recommended	31.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/JustMeJustinD/	Great game, nice graphics and love the 'start from scratch' idea!
The Iron Thunder	Recommended	27.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Springie/	My first review : Love this, love all FS games.My second review : John deere, dogs, placeable farms, chickens, milk, multiplayer missions (contracts :)) use your own equipment on contracts, what else do you want ?My third review: Im giving my hopes high for GOTY* on this one.  (Game of the year)
Philodendron-22	Not Recommended	0.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Philodendron-22/	Nonthing can beat FS17 because awesome the games has...  FS19 its the SAME dam thing and am sick of it
Pilot	Recommended	87.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198127192514/	Great Job Giants! Other than a few bugs I really like what you have done!
Kim Jong Leonidas	Recommended	50.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198020539718/	Its time To stop lying about ur pc Specs kids game aint freezing in anyway Ur just mad Kids cause game is dificult to play 1st off all game is perfect.
Rémey	Recommended	17.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198161760842/	FS17 + John Deere, better graphics and yeehaw horses!!. It is what i expexted. Ofcourse there's alot to improve, but it's good what it represent... Just a good Farming Sim.
Draggs	Recommended	42.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198016868205/	Its the step alright.... definatly worth the money, as this is not an expencive game. Disapointed:Nights are still way too light, and I wish the cone of the headlights would push forward more... so when I mod the nights darker, like im going to need to... the lights would be more realisiticThey always miss stuff..... So you need pallets of things from the store, they give you a forklift, but no simple flat bead to load it onlike in the early simulators... I hope i missed it, and its there waiting me to find..... but it looks like I will be using the low loader till it turns up..... It just annoys me these guys always miss something :(Where the heck is my 100 things to go find... its not million dollars I miss its finding the little bloody things, and completeing it.... then wish instead of getting a million dollars that they gave me a cool tractor.... Worng step in wrong direction I bloody grumpy about thisHappy:I started with nothing.... Hell yeahI like the new Kuhn stuff, gonna save me some time ;)Like land purchasinglike that the crop killing is not a mod this timeIts semi close... Still♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥about my things to find!!!... but Im gonna say for the price, your not going to find something to take up your time better :)
|_Guard_|	Recommended	19.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/GuardA3/	It's much better graphic then the old one, people that saying is minor improvent graphics are clearly blind and people who says is the same game ? What do they want from farming game, is the same things u sow, plough,seed. Sure it needs some bugfixes, but i'm prettty sure they fix this out.
DeereJ18	Recommended	23.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Jarrett18/	10/10 improvement over fs2017
hass_lite	Recommended	27.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198040439418/	love this game been playing since the very first time farm sim came out 08 and a major upgrade  loving every moment did alot of justing and the graphics a great the sky and sounds all round cann't unders the neg talk  but it great game once you get figure out and sit learn how thing and for map making aswell
JAM	Recommended	31.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198045112384/	Product received for free
12AM Noodles ツ	Recommended	53.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198147707205/	I played FS 2013,2015,2017 and now this. I really like that they added john deere and updated the graphics and contracts but they removed some machinery but i dont mind because they will add it in modhub. All and all this is a good game and i will play it alot
Gomoto	Recommended	20.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197969893764/	I love the maps and the modelsGreat performance and beautiful graphics.2560x1440 170% render resolution 400% view distance everything (via tweaked game.xml)> 60 hz on my I2500K & 1080TI 
Syn 👹	Recommended	5.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Syn_28/	In an attempt to be as constuctive as possible with less than 1 hour in fs19 but over 500 hours in fs17 on my other steam account, I'll just keep this short and simple;-Yes theres some bugs and minor issues-Yes the new land purchasing system is a pain-Machines feel more realistic when driving -A lot of lovely new features have been added such as buying bales, the garage, new equipment of course, etc-Yes I have faith Giants will smoothen out the game-Yes I would reccomend it-Yes I like steakOverall with extremely early first impressions, I give the game a 7/10
Kim Jong Leonidas	Recommended	50.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198020539718/	Its time To stop lying about ur pc Specs kids game aint freezing in anyway Ur just mad Kids cause game is dificult to play 1st off all game is perfect.
Rémey	Recommended	17.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198161760842/	FS17 + John Deere, better graphics and yeehaw horses!!. It is what i expexted. Ofcourse there's alot to improve, but it's good what it represent... Just a good Farming Sim.
Draggs	Recommended	42.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198016868205/	Its the step alright.... definatly worth the money, as this is not an expencive game. Disapointed:Nights are still way too light, and I wish the cone of the headlights would push forward more... so when I mod the nights darker, like im going to need to... the lights would be more realisiticThey always miss stuff..... So you need pallets of things from the store, they give you a forklift, but no simple flat bead to load it onlike in the early simulators... I hope i missed it, and its there waiting me to find..... but it looks like I will be using the low loader till it turns up..... It just annoys me these guys always miss something :(Where the heck is my 100 things to go find... its not million dollars I miss its finding the little bloody things, and completeing it.... then wish instead of getting a million dollars that they gave me a cool tractor.... Worng step in wrong direction I bloody grumpy about thisHappy:I started with nothing.... Hell yeahI like the new Kuhn stuff, gonna save me some time ;)Like land purchasinglike that the crop killing is not a mod this timeIts semi close... Still♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥about my things to find!!!... but Im gonna say for the price, your not going to find something to take up your time better :)
|_Guard_|	Recommended	19.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/GuardA3/	It's much better graphic then the old one, people that saying is minor improvent graphics are clearly blind and people who says is the same game ? What do they want from farming game, is the same things u sow, plough,seed. Sure it needs some bugfixes, but i'm prettty sure they fix this out.
DeereJ18	Recommended	23.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Jarrett18/	10/10 improvement over fs2017
hass_lite	Recommended	27.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198040439418/	love this game been playing since the very first time farm sim came out 08 and a major upgrade  loving every moment did alot of justing and the graphics a great the sky and sounds all round cann't unders the neg talk  but it great game once you get figure out and sit learn how thing and for map making aswell
JAM	Recommended	31.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198045112384/	Product received for free
12AM Noodles ツ	Recommended	53.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198147707205/	I played FS 2013,2015,2017 and now this. I really like that they added john deere and updated the graphics and contracts but they removed some machinery but i dont mind because they will add it in modhub. All and all this is a good game and i will play it alot
Gomoto	Recommended	20.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197969893764/	I love the maps and the modelsGreat performance and beautiful graphics.2560x1440 170% render resolution 400% view distance everything (via tweaked game.xml)> 60 hz on my I2500K & 1080TI 
Syn 👹	Recommended	5.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Syn_28/	In an attempt to be as constuctive as possible with less than 1 hour in fs19 but over 500 hours in fs17 on my other steam account, I'll just keep this short and simple;-Yes theres some bugs and minor issues-Yes the new land purchasing system is a pain-Machines feel more realistic when driving -A lot of lovely new features have been added such as buying bales, the garage, new equipment of course, etc-Yes I have faith Giants will smoothen out the game-Yes I would reccomend it-Yes I like steakOverall with extremely early first impressions, I give the game a 7/10
Electoball	Recommended	4.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198180955314/	The New vehicles are fun to use
Цаката	Recommended	12.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/fustucheh/	Nice game better than FS17 . But there is a bug that when you exit the field the durty tractor is instantly clean. If they fix that its perfect . Also GIANTS consider a new engine for FS 21 if that is a thing
Ronald McDaddy	Recommended	30.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198065083224/	While the developers definitely could've added more mechanics and the like, I do enjoy this game the way it is. The multiplayer finally got some polish, as you can now have different teams, who can pay each other to do contract work. Missions are now also available in multiplayer, and while they could've added them sooner, I do appreciate that they're a thing now.If you've already played FS17, and are only planning on playing the singleplayer, maybe you should skip this release however. In terms of actual mechanics, much hasn't changed. Most of the changes for singleplayer are merely graphical ones, or QoL type of stuff.
BeeJay	Recommended	26.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198024589493/	An evolution of FS 17 and a bigger one than FS 17 was of FS 15. Slightly different interface takes some time to get used to (if you played previous FS versions) but it is barely worth mentioning, nice graphics, some new crops, machines and mechanics. It has some bugs like every other game right after launch (I encountered only one with 7.1 sound at the beginning that took about half an hour to solve with help of tech support) but I don´t really feel there is any reason for refunding or some slightly hysterical comments you can find in discussion. I guess that authors hyped the game a bit too much and lot of people expected the second coming of Jesus which resulted in 60% rating at the moment which I believe doesnt really reflect the real state of the game. Bugs will be squashed eventually and so far I am enjoying playing.
Gamblerwelch	Recommended	24.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198258398859/	Okay so I’ve played the game for 12 hours and I have to say the only thing I don’t like about farming simulator 19 is the placeable feature I don’t understand why there’s a giant hill after you place a building or a animal pin down I’ve heard people saying you can lower it but there’s nothing in the options saying you can do that if not giants really needs to fix it other then that one thing it’s a great game I would recommend it to anyone I know I know blah blah blah blah lol 😂 Happy farming everyone
steve.g	Recommended	15.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198011293036/	It's the dogs as it stands.. As the PCs have improved so has the game. The base FS19 is great as a standalone game but I'm sure that when the modders get their teeth into it it will be superb
Wrench007	Recommended	21.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198060975197/	I am very pleased with the game. The bugs will get worked out as always and many hours will be spent on this game just as the previous ones. Graphics are great!
derekdrudik	Not Recommended	1.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198087588570/	Just downloaded the game and it runs really slow on my Mac that is less then a year old with pleanty of space.
Homeyboy69	Recommended	27.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198179859243/	They made it so you can change keybindings without leaving the game! 10/10 GOTY. FS17 2.0. Oh and it looks a ton better and has John Deere. The bugs will get sorted quit your crying and get farming!
bayerntvplay	Recommended	17.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198354009507/	---{Graphics}---☐ Masterpiece☑ Beautiful☐ Good☐ Okay☐ Decent☐ Will do☐ Bad☐ Awful☐ Paint.exe---{Gameplay}--- ☐ Try not to get addicted☑ Very good☐ Good☐ Okay☐ Nothing special☐ Ehh☐ Bad☐ Just don’t---{Audio}--- ☑ Eargasm☐ Very good☐ Good☐ Decent☐ Not too bad☐ Bad☐ Earrape---{Audience}--- ☐ Kids☐ Teens (12 to 15)☐ Teens (16 & 17)☐ Adults☑ Everyone---{PC Requirements}--- ☐ GT 210☐ Check if you can run paint☐ Potato☑ Minimum☐ Decent☐ Fast☐ Rich boi☐ Millionaire☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer☐ Does works with 3rd party modify.☐ Does not works even with 3rd party modify.☐ Windows XP and similar older system---{Difficulty}--- ☐ Just press a bunch of buttons☐ Easy☑ Significant brain usage ☐ A 9 year old kid will do it☐ Easy to learn / Hard to master☐ Not so easy☑ Difficult☐ Dark Souls---{Story}--- ☑ Doesn’t have (Not counting historical stuff)☐ Something isn’t nothing I guess☐ Not great☐ Average☐ Good☐ Lovely☐ Will make you cry or smile a lot---{Game Time}--- ☐ Long enough for a cup of tea☐ Short☐ Average☐ Long☐ Depends on you☑ Endless---{Bugs}--- ☐ Never had any☑ Minor bugs☐ Few bugs ☐ More then a few bugs☐ Lots☐ Can get annoying☐ Ruining the game☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs☐ Bad AI bots---{Conclusion}---☑ Must have☐ Buy it☐ So-so☐ If you do not know what to do with your money, buy it☐ Waste of money
Maibu OReiley	Recommended	135.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Maibu/	10 - 10 Would Launch A Mahindra Onto A Roof Again! :D  https://gyazo.com/93f53a94454a1d8cd4fd75a809415bd0( other thoughts ) I dont like how the soudns are terribly dampened when i nthe cockpit. in older tractors such as the Fiat, you would hear that engine much louder. I think an option to turn cab sounds up would be nice to have! I'll write a much larger review when i play more!
✪ RoB2K™	Not Recommended	0.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/RoB2K/	0.5 hours in the game and I’ve already requested a refund. Same vehicles, same gameplay, same scenario. Only 2 maps as playable as per usual. There is nothing special that is new in this game. The only difference is the “19” in the game title. Don’t buy. Waste of money!
Huzgit	Recommended	10.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198322068862/	Newest and greatest addition to Farming Simulator Series. Day one has lots of bugs, but the devs are hard at work fixing them all. Overall, Worth waiting 4 months in my steam libary taking up space.
Twitchtv/mrjuggs	Recommended	10.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198819171669/	So Far the game is "refreshing" nice to see some new graphics and shades, cool small things like when you harvest the combine covers the field in leftovers, has a few minor glitches one with the header trailer no letting the combine attach after putting on the travel cart, id give it atleast 4.5/5 because its a relaxing game to play with my father whos not a fan of shooters, he likes age of empires, more base building and simulator!! so this works great!
StickyBoots	Recommended	20.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198171557623/	"Why would anyone do drugs when they can just mow a lawn?"  -Hank Hill
racknic80	Not Recommended	54.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198050274312/	thegame was not fun to play  
Lahtari_	Not Recommended	19.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198085154140/	Why they sell this on PC if you cant use your wheel properly? And you cant basically do anything but walk because if you press tab (change vehicle) the game freezes right away...
ttv/oldsportgames	Recommended	39.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198040764633/	Macht super viel Spaß. Besonders mit Freunden ein echter Zeitfresser - im positiven Sinn! :)
Kristjan	Recommended	41.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198220952632/	I have no isuse the game is working normal.My bes game definitely worth.
Scrappy	Recommended	18.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198188843997/	I am in love with this games but they need to work on the steering wheel and joy stick compatibility on pc! the game works great until i hook up my joystick and wheel then it freezes.... i have tried plugging them in one by one at any combination and it keeps freezing but without them it works great! If anyone has a fix and this is an issue on my end then please let me know otherwise Giants needs to patch this! Thank you!
Will	Not Recommended	7.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/WILL2323/	too many bugs and glitches, this is a step back from fs17
CriticalGENERAL	Recommended	30.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/CriticalGENERAL/	in the grand scheme of things, yes this is just an "upgrade" from 17 to 19 not a fully "new" game, but what were you expecting? its a simulator for farming. all in all yes its still a great improvment over 17 and as the the modding community has shown in the past, all the "missing" content will be in the game very quickly so not to worry on that front. (such as no "extra" passive money makers like greenhouses, bees, solar panels, and wind tubines. along with equipment no longer in the game such as the JCB Brand Skid Loader and so on)the new engine they have upgraded to is also nice, i really dont know what people are complaining about in the other reviews, its very nice, the new simple improvments are great, feedback from 17 has been noticed and quite a few "spice of life" improvments have been made or added. really its a great upgrade and still a great chill time waster game. fully recomend it, even at full price.
Arisha	Recommended	31.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198010594978/	Since there are allot of negative reviews, which suprises me, i'm writing my own review, eventhough with 10 hours you cant really tell anything about the game yet.but simple if you liked 17 you are going to enjoy this one, if you enjoyed 17 with mods, you just need to wait abit, but compare base game to base game, 19 is way better, it isnt groundbreaking but it shows allot of promise.it feels more real, the rocking of the tractors the graphics and sound have improved allot.the make your own farm is promising and can use some tweaking, but that will happen giants will make sure we get the terain tool, and modders will give us more stuff to put down.the new contract system is nice, so is the new taking care of your field weeding/lime and need of plowing, feels more real than just doing 3 cycles everytime. in short if you liked 17 you are going to enjoy the hack out of 19. for beginners its also a very friendly game.
TRUCKER_ADAM	Recommended	5.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/BIGaliceJOHN/	One of the best game ever its way better then farming sim 17 in graphics and everything i higherly recommend theis game to anyone
R0B0TG@M1NG	Recommended	23.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198295363928/	An alright game same as fs17 wish they fixed the trees and the graphics overall
Will	Not Recommended	7.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/WILL2323/	too many bugs and glitches, this is a step back from fs17
Findlay	Recommended	13.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/oaml/	some bugs but kinda epic win style  roflcopter
CriticalGENERAL	Recommended	30.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/CriticalGENERAL/	in the grand scheme of things, yes this is just an "upgrade" from 17 to 19 not a fully "new" game, but what were you expecting? its a simulator for farming. all in all yes its still a great improvment over 17 and as the the modding community has shown in the past, all the "missing" content will be in the game very quickly so not to worry on that front. (such as no "extra" passive money makers like greenhouses, bees, solar panels, and wind tubines. along with equipment no longer in the game such as the JCB Brand Skid Loader and so on)the new engine they have upgraded to is also nice, i really dont know what people are complaining about in the other reviews, its very nice, the new simple improvments are great, feedback from 17 has been noticed and quite a few "spice of life" improvments have been made or added. really its a great upgrade and still a great chill time waster game. fully recomend it, even at full price.
Arisha	Recommended	31.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198010594978/	Since there are allot of negative reviews, which suprises me, i'm writing my own review, eventhough with 10 hours you cant really tell anything about the game yet.but simple if you liked 17 you are going to enjoy this one, if you enjoyed 17 with mods, you just need to wait abit, but compare base game to base game, 19 is way better, it isnt groundbreaking but it shows allot of promise.it feels more real, the rocking of the tractors the graphics and sound have improved allot.the make your own farm is promising and can use some tweaking, but that will happen giants will make sure we get the terain tool, and modders will give us more stuff to put down.the new contract system is nice, so is the new taking care of your field weeding/lime and need of plowing, feels more real than just doing 3 cycles everytime. in short if you liked 17 you are going to enjoy the hack out of 19. for beginners its also a very friendly game.
TRUCKER_ADAM	Recommended	5.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/BIGaliceJOHN/	One of the best game ever its way better then farming sim 17 in graphics and everything i higherly recommend theis game to anyone
R0B0TG@M1NG	Recommended	23.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198295363928/	An alright game same as fs17 wish they fixed the trees and the graphics overall
ThomseN	Recommended	11.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/zralle111/	Altid godt!
Pair_Ra_Dox	Not Recommended	19.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198825190475/	This game over all Looks Great. it's nice for a layed back time to chill sounds for me are very good Vehicals operations are Nice But the biggest killer for me is  Self Deleting Save files game will save at the start but then Bam 4 hours in it deletes my save. Iknow most do not have an issue with this but this is my review based off what I experinced. Giant Support tells me to run in Admin mode so i did still same thing so for this reason  ONLY the self deleting save file is why i can not recommend this If i did not have this issue I would give a big thumbs up and recommend all day but lets face it  with my issue of self deleting save files For me make the game unplayable at this time I'll come back to this game after the new year to see if any updates fix this. So this issue i have seems to be .01% "im unlucky" you maynot get this issue so Go For it!
Rythes	Not Recommended	0.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Rythes/	It's essentially Farming Simulator 17.5
KuKo	Not Recommended	55.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197995044191/	Ok, so I have 49hrs into the game and have been a fan since FS15.This game was an eager await for me and was excited to play it. I received it as a gift for my bday since it came out on the exact day.To be honest, I loved it at first but since I've been playing it, it has been such a headache that I'm getting bored. Buying the land is a great concept because it allows better control of your property. The building placement idea was awesome at 1st, until I noticed that the terrain deformed so badly that tractors had a problem getting over the "lump" the game created when placing a building. There are very few buildings with functionality to choose from and makes it quite boring. The ability to place animal pens seemed great, until I bought and placed a large chicken coop and the game bugged out by saying there was no room for egg crates. Even though there was nothing blocking the spawn point. The small pickup drives with such crappy physics that you need to keep the speed down since it seems to drive on clouds. No "traction" at all.The lumber cranes' grapple arms are still as bugged as FS17 by not having enough grasp. And if you force it, it'll clip and bug so bad the log goes flying and your crane wobbles back and forth. It took me HOURS to fell a couple trees try to pick up the pieces with a crane. Don't EVEN try to use a telehandler because the log grabber only pushes the logs and the top prong isn't long enough to go around the log so picking it up is insanely irritating.I've always played on hardest because I prefer challenges, but it is one hell of a grind to make money. Even cutting down the trees on your property will take your hours.The in-game mod section has a 3rd map but it's crap. On easy mode where everything is placed for you, the layout isn't half bad. So when I loaded the "start from scratch" game on that map, I bought the large silo and tried to place it in the same spot, only to notice the game said "Cannot place, collides with object".... even though there is NOTHING nearby.To me, FS19 is a prettier version of FS17 with some added concept. Same bugs and issues. I hope Giants actually tests all the content in this game and realize they have quite a lot of work to do. Seems like FS19 was rushed.
Piotrek	Not Recommended	16.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198119500490/	Preordered expecting something superior to FS17.  Houndreds of hours spent on fs17 no regret.  Fs19 maps look not as good.  Some equipment from previous versions missing. Some cool feature, but too early to say whether it will supersed FS17.  Don't recommend at the moment. I hope developers add existing FS17 content as well as further improve the game.
Chipmunk197	Recommended	111.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198127474737/	i love this game its an improvment over the last games but theres a lot of bugs, problems, lack of farm custom options like windmills,bees and greenhouses not in this game but it was before
MofoBeastMode	Recommended	29.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198269445948/	Been playing since FS13 they just keep getting better fukn love it. Anyone who has a negative review doesn’t have any patience for mods.
Kyllin	Recommended	9.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198030776950/	Really fun.  Graphics are cool, gameplay is just how we like it.  Good stuff indeed.
BeezleBub	Recommended	3.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198286403508/	So far so good, just exploring the vanilla maps with my early purchase Mahindrabought my first field by the store and my combine fell off the cliff turning aroundthe detail of the machinery and workings is impressive cant wait for some Mods to come out - especially some maps by Stevie 
_Cyrus	Recommended	76.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197963360231/	Still have hire problem as Pathing problems .The game is fun and like most farming simulartor games. They will be adding new stuff with a price.Only 2 maps. It worth buying to me.The price for 35 is good for what they have done so far.
ShnarXD	Not Recommended	16.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ShnarXD/	Hoenstly. Great game love it! Buuuuuuuuuuut let us say you got so far into the game and placed a placeable. Problem though it altered the terrain were it's just so unatural. OH ALSO THERE'S NO WAY TO CHANGE IT BACK. That thought just sits in the back on your head...forever...and ever....and ever.
BAN	Recommended	35.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/MANBANMAN/	after 9 hours i tink its already a good game
Duurti	Recommended	7.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198043673718/	It's buggy. Setting up controllers is a pain, but once you tweak it you're fine. Nothign different from FS17 in that respect.One thing I'm disappointed in is the content. 1. The new maps seemed to have beee designed BEFORE they went with the buying land and creating your own farm idea. These 2 maps really don't facilitate that in any decent way. The only decent places to build a farm are on the areas that you start with on the other modes. Kind of misses the whole point.2, They still haven't figured out how to stop rain from going through a roof. Seriously. This is a thing.3. They didn't take near enough of the ideas modders came up with in FS17 and earlier iterations of the game. Most game devs figure this stuff out. They see must have mods made by the community, and when they create a new version of the game, these mods are built in. So far the only one I'm seeing is the ability to skip the night time by "sleeping" in the farm house. Great addition. But where are all the other things?? Seasons built right into the damn game would be a good start.After all that complaining, I still recommend the game. It's buggy, that'll be fixed. Controls need tweaking, that'll be taken care of too. And when the modders get going it'll be jsut as complete as FS17. And that's why I recommend it. It's FS17 with a couple new ideas, and better graphics (if you set it right and your hardware can handle it). I don't see it enticing people who didn't like FS17 or 15, but it'll keep the fanbase going.
SupremeCory	Recommended	28.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/C2Clan2019/	One of my favorite games yet and I love the new graphics and all the new vehicles that they came out with this year!!
2.03e22 Frozy	Recommended	23.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198063078150/	<3
SquishierGordon	Recommended	68.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/squishyswag/	issa gud
JurrijnP	Recommended	6.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jurrijnp/	Epic game.
Kini	Recommended	54.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kinimodpl/	git
entertainoff	Recommended	4.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/entertainoff/	Loving the amazing farming simulation of this game. It's a nice update from FS 19. The contracts and multiple farms in multiplayer bring a lot of life to the game.
Skaningen184	Recommended	11.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Skaningen184/	Really good game. If you liked the last farming simulator you are going to love this.
Pirolye G2A.COM	Recommended	26.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/pirolyeofficial/	This game is a big step. I recommend it to everyone, who wants to have a genuine experience. There are some cons though, like the optimization. But it's defenetly a solid 9/10!
ZACKVANHORN15	Recommended	16.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198354439218/	Product received for free
Huzgit	Recommended	10.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198322068862/	Newest and greatest addition to Farming Simulator Series. Day one has lots of bugs, but the devs are hard at work fixing them all. Overall, Worth waiting 4 months in my steam libary taking up space.
Twitchtv/mrjuggs	Recommended	10.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198819171669/	So Far the game is "refreshing" nice to see some new graphics and shades, cool small things like when you harvest the combine covers the field in leftovers, has a few minor glitches one with the header trailer no letting the combine attach after putting on the travel cart, id give it atleast 4.5/5 because its a relaxing game to play with my father whos not a fan of shooters, he likes age of empires, more base building and simulator!! so this works great!
KuKo	Not Recommended	55.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197995044191/	Ok, so I have 49hrs into the game and have been a fan since FS15.This game was an eager await for me and was excited to play it. I received it as a gift for my bday since it came out on the exact day.To be honest, I loved it at first but since I've been playing it, it has been such a headache that I'm getting bored. Buying the land is a great concept because it allows better control of your property. The building placement idea was awesome at 1st, until I noticed that the terrain deformed so badly that tractors had a problem getting over the "lump" the game created when placing a building. There are very few buildings with functionality to choose from and makes it quite boring. The ability to place animal pens seemed great, until I bought and placed a large chicken coop and the game bugged out by saying there was no room for egg crates. Even though there was nothing blocking the spawn point. The small pickup drives with such crappy physics that you need to keep the speed down since it seems to drive on clouds. No "traction" at all.The lumber cranes' grapple arms are still as bugged as FS17 by not having enough grasp. And if you force it, it'll clip and bug so bad the log goes flying and your crane wobbles back and forth. It took me HOURS to fell a couple trees try to pick up the pieces with a crane. Don't EVEN try to use a telehandler because the log grabber only pushes the logs and the top prong isn't long enough to go around the log so picking it up is insanely irritating.I've always played on hardest because I prefer challenges, but it is one hell of a grind to make money. Even cutting down the trees on your property will take your hours.The in-game mod section has a 3rd map but it's crap. On easy mode where everything is placed for you, the layout isn't half bad. So when I loaded the "start from scratch" game on that map, I bought the large silo and tried to place it in the same spot, only to notice the game said "Cannot place, collides with object".... even though there is NOTHING nearby.To me, FS19 is a prettier version of FS17 with some added concept. Same bugs and issues. I hope Giants actually tests all the content in this game and realize they have quite a lot of work to do. Seems like FS19 was rushed.
Sovietu'	Recommended	28.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/sovietbearrr/	A definite improvement over Farming Simulator 17. Highly Recommend to people who like simulators and/or who are fans of the fs series. Fortnite kids not allowed; this is a grownup's game.+Good Graphics+Better Driving Mechanics+Good Level Design++Handling pallets has never been easier -I NEED MORE PLATFORMS---multiplayer bugs FIX ASAP
Kyle	Recommended	15.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198419555600/	The most awsome game from giants software. Best game of the series so far. The horses are amazing and i still havent seen everthing this game has to offer.
Piotrek	Not Recommended	16.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198119500490/	Preordered expecting something superior to FS17.  Houndreds of hours spent on fs17 no regret.  Fs19 maps look not as good.  Some equipment from previous versions missing. Some cool feature, but too early to say whether it will supersed FS17.  Don't recommend at the moment. I hope developers add existing FS17 content as well as further improve the game.
Chipmunk197	Recommended	111.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198127474737/	i love this game its an improvment over the last games but theres a lot of bugs, problems, lack of farm custom options like windmills,bees and greenhouses not in this game but it was before
Cruise	Recommended	12.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Cruiseman123/	Product received for free
Pair_Ra_Dox	Not Recommended	19.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198825190475/	This game over all Looks Great. it's nice for a layed back time to chill sounds for me are very good Vehicals operations are Nice But the biggest killer for me is  Self Deleting Save files game will save at the start but then Bam 4 hours in it deletes my save. Iknow most do not have an issue with this but this is my review based off what I experinced. Giant Support tells me to run in Admin mode so i did still same thing so for this reason  ONLY the self deleting save file is why i can not recommend this If i did not have this issue I would give a big thumbs up and recommend all day but lets face it  with my issue of self deleting save files For me make the game unplayable at this time I'll come back to this game after the new year to see if any updates fix this. So this issue i have seems to be .01% "im unlucky" you maynot get this issue so Go For it!
Rythes	Not Recommended	0.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Rythes/	It's essentially Farming Simulator 17.5
ThomseN	Recommended	11.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/zralle111/	Altid godt!
Ace Kitty	Not Recommended	26.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/BadWolfRose44/	a good game, with the same bugs as seen in FS17... will update this if they bother to fix them
B. Dohm	Recommended	18.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/BradDohm/	This game is simply amazing. If you gave this game a no/dislike for your save game disappearing, don't be a dumbass. It's missing because you're too stupid to figure out how to save your game.
ℬlazing ♛ ℭhroma	Recommended	19.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ggodlike/	LOTS OF BUGS but looks really good
ZachSSC	Recommended	24.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198048991076/	Very good game
arwisj	Not Recommended	20.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198051202146/	How does thay ♥♥♥♥ up copy paste. Game feals like early alfa in full release date. If i go to restaurant and order meal I want to get my meal not ingredients and than go to moders and ask to cook it for me! Its shame the more money thay get the worst their product gets because we will buy it anyway!
Brkö	Recommended	18.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/d_brkonator/	Love it
Skru u guyz	Recommended	9.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/norchek/	I like it!
Toxic Fuck	Recommended	15.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/dragosm92/	very good game , still a few thing to fix and tweak but definetly recoomend this game
KopfJager_21	Recommended	59.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198121642493/	So I have put hundreds of hours in the past two Farm Sims and I have already put a good amount of time in FS 19.Pros:-The graphics overhaul has made this game much more enjoyable and just stunning to experience. It may not seem like a massive improvement, but it is a big step in the right direction. -Just the overall user controls have improved a great deal in my opinion. Most of them are small improvements that may seem insignificant, but taking away key strokes that were in previous games very pleasent. -The sheer amount of vehicle and equiptment variety has been amazing, and obviously with the addition to John Deere the wait for mods will be much less painful in my opinion. -The process of customizing your vehicles and equipment is amazing now that you can preview what you will actully be getting as well as the brand-named paints-The new logic behind when fields need plowed is really nice because it reflects that of real agriculture. Now if only you could no-til certain crops as well.Cons:-Surprisingly there have been quite a few small bugs in the game on release that have made it frustrating at times. -Equipment that have been detatched will often roll endlessly until you stop them and they even tend to hit one thing and continue in a different direction despite the fact there are bright yellow chocks around the wheels.-I found a problem with a round bale fork that fold and it is unusable currently.-I have not gotten into livestock yet, but from my observation the price of the livestock enclosures is at least double of a reasonable price, and I am not sure how I feel about the manual milk sale currently.-This might be just me, but the rate at which weeds appear seems to be too often. Sometimes I have to weed/spray the same crop twice before harvest-The problem with starting contracting jobs persists and basically makes them disappear when you try to accept them in some cases.Overall I have been having  good experience from the game and I expect most of the current issues to be corrected shortly.
Hairy100	Recommended	42.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Hairy100/	Good game over all, some fiddling in the graphics and the game looks amazing. Few small bugs, nothing game breaking and as to be expected on a game of this scale. I’m very used to some mods such as the gearbox mod and because of that it will take a bit of getting used to but FS19 is overall a more polished game than 17. I’m struggling to find out why people are leaving negative reviews, I’m going to put it down to dependence on mods (which there’ll be plenty of) and failure to look at recommended pc specs, but what more can you expect, some people just don’t have the brain power to comprehend these things. I’ll give it a solid 7/10, there are some minor bugs, with a good patch I’d easily give it a 9/10 or 10/10.
ldbailey1999	Recommended	7.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198869918612/	Haven't played it much (yet) but I have to say its very polished smooth controls (no more jerky camera angles too) realistic vehicle control responses and things like underbrush and tree limbs react to your vehicles, very realistic and lively if you loved the other Farming Simulators you'll love FS19, and I'm sure the mods will be just as fantastic as ever, highly recommend
RaceTime911	Recommended	13.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/RaceTime911/	The changes in this version to the game are simply stunning. - The Graphics- The Physics- The Attention to Detail- Amazing SkyboxIt all adds up to an amazing continuation of the series in the right direction.  
{TACM} Firefighter91	Recommended	1.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Firefighter91/	great game for playing with friends and goofing arround
Fee501st	Recommended	25.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/feefsx/	A great series, and just keeps on getting better!
rippetoecarter	Recommended	5.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198289520681/	i highly recomend the game
dominey.josh	Recommended	18.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198047805632/	Well what can I say? it has its pros and cons... I really enjoy some of the new vehicles as in the john deeres and the lode king and willson trailers. I really enjoy being able to buy land and build the farm the way i think it should be built, however i DONOT like how when you place a building or pasture it messes up the land so much its very un realistic and a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥if your going for a real looking farm. overall its an ok game, I was expecting more from all the hype that it created, honestly I would proabably be playing FS17 a little more untill some of these issues are resolved. Not how I expected it to be thats for sure, It is still a fun and cool game.
Lukhje	Recommended	4.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/lukhje/	Good game, a lot of details that's nice! Con achievements not working on macOS Mojave, version 10.14
Retard Lives Matter	Recommended	56.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198058311507/	I am running the game on 8gb of 1600mhz ram with I5-3570k  and 2gb GTX660.There are absolutely no performance issues for me. The graphics card is working on 90-95% on high 1080p settings, CPU is 50% and the game uses 4gigs of ram. I get solid framerates. The game has had 0 crashes for me and looks a lot different than Farming Simulator 17.I have played these games since farming simulator 13 (as everyone else). My expectations were exactly what they promised and I am not disappointed at all, the game looks fantastic, the sounds of the tractors are fantastic, YOU CAN EVEN PLAY FETCH WITH THE DOG! I have yet to play the MP part of the game.First impressions are amazing, i started on "Start from scratch" where 500k starting seemed a lot of cash, but after a silo and the land, i was left with 200k to buy the machinery i need and with that you can just about get everything you need to start farming.And finally my good friends, you can push over the stop signs. Major improvement.
jonathon	Recommended	45.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198237772986/	i think its pretty fun the animations are awesome though 
Fortuna	Recommended	42.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197970348104/	The Best farming simulator on the market.
Duke	Recommended	31.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198054809203/	I honestly do not know where to begin with this. i am a huge fan of the series and have been playing since FS11. that being said if you are a fan of the series you know what to expect from this great company, if you are new to the series and want to know what it is like to feel that big ole engine vibrating under your feet then look no further. this is the greatest iteration so far, you get a whole lot of game and a great Mod community for a very low price by todays standards. all i can say is why not give it a go.
IrrelevantScrub	Recommended	23.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198113264036/	great new maps, love the horses and dog. great new brands in this game and the ui is cleaner and transparaent and doesnt clutter the screen.just make sure u read the min requirements before installing, way to many poeple complain the game wont work and then post thier specs being half of the min.also to everyone who complain about there not being any seasons...the last  game had a saeson mod in the main menu mod folder...just wait for it to be updated, its not like everyone enjoys playing the game for 3 in game days and then stare at snow for the other 3...
trainman0806	Recommended	9.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198191961605/	absolutley love this game and is well worth the $35
cecil-99	Recommended	33.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198452405147/	Love the game but I did not get the John Deer gatter I onley got the red model
Fey'	Recommended	22.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/littlefey/	I don't what say x)
functioN	Recommended	24.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/DaSkyBro/	Fun with friends, chill game.
Amookkaj	Recommended	13.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Amookkaj/	This game is much better then I expected. I am having a lot of fun with it. Learning more about farming, and as with any simulator, a lot os left out regfarding the steps.I recommend this game, it is relaxing and after a hard days work killing enemies, zombies ect. Its nice to hang out on the farm and growing crops.
J_bar111	Recommended	7.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197984305317/	Love this game having a blast with all of the new equipment and customization.
Fortuna	Recommended	42.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197970348104/	The Best farming simulator on the market.
Brkö	Recommended	18.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/d_brkonator/	Love it
Skru u guyz	Recommended	9.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/norchek/	I like it!
Toxic Fuck	Recommended	15.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/dragosm92/	very good game , still a few thing to fix and tweak but definetly recoomend this game
KopfJager_21	Recommended	59.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198121642493/	So I have put hundreds of hours in the past two Farm Sims and I have already put a good amount of time in FS 19.Pros:-The graphics overhaul has made this game much more enjoyable and just stunning to experience. It may not seem like a massive improvement, but it is a big step in the right direction. -Just the overall user controls have improved a great deal in my opinion. Most of them are small improvements that may seem insignificant, but taking away key strokes that were in previous games very pleasent. -The sheer amount of vehicle and equiptment variety has been amazing, and obviously with the addition to John Deere the wait for mods will be much less painful in my opinion. -The process of customizing your vehicles and equipment is amazing now that you can preview what you will actully be getting as well as the brand-named paints-The new logic behind when fields need plowed is really nice because it reflects that of real agriculture. Now if only you could no-til certain crops as well.Cons:-Surprisingly there have been quite a few small bugs in the game on release that have made it frustrating at times. -Equipment that have been detatched will often roll endlessly until you stop them and they even tend to hit one thing and continue in a different direction despite the fact there are bright yellow chocks around the wheels.-I found a problem with a round bale fork that fold and it is unusable currently.-I have not gotten into livestock yet, but from my observation the price of the livestock enclosures is at least double of a reasonable price, and I am not sure how I feel about the manual milk sale currently.-This might be just me, but the rate at which weeds appear seems to be too often. Sometimes I have to weed/spray the same crop twice before harvest-The problem with starting contracting jobs persists and basically makes them disappear when you try to accept them in some cases.Overall I have been having  good experience from the game and I expect most of the current issues to be corrected shortly.
Hairy100	Recommended	42.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Hairy100/	Good game over all, some fiddling in the graphics and the game looks amazing. Few small bugs, nothing game breaking and as to be expected on a game of this scale. I’m very used to some mods such as the gearbox mod and because of that it will take a bit of getting used to but FS19 is overall a more polished game than 17. I’m struggling to find out why people are leaving negative reviews, I’m going to put it down to dependence on mods (which there’ll be plenty of) and failure to look at recommended pc specs, but what more can you expect, some people just don’t have the brain power to comprehend these things. I’ll give it a solid 7/10, there are some minor bugs, with a good patch I’d easily give it a 9/10 or 10/10.
ldbailey1999	Recommended	7.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198869918612/	Haven't played it much (yet) but I have to say its very polished smooth controls (no more jerky camera angles too) realistic vehicle control responses and things like underbrush and tree limbs react to your vehicles, very realistic and lively if you loved the other Farming Simulators you'll love FS19, and I'm sure the mods will be just as fantastic as ever, highly recommend
Muffin_Tops	Recommended	2.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198157996802/	Farming Simulator 19 in my opinion is a step up from FS17 in regards to grapics and physics. I think this year few veichles have been released and the UI has not changed much in a positive way. the maps are different which adds a good range of terrian etc, I preordered FS19 and for the cost i would not say it is worth the amount. dont get me wrong it stillis a great game but maybe buy it when it is abit cheaper .
Frank Lucas	Recommended	9.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/franklucas799/	This game has amazing detail. They have really improved the realism in the game. I like all of the new added features it has to offer. I highly recommend this game. For me, it is a way to relax and enjoy myself. FS19 is much better than FS17!
Sanacara	Recommended	8.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198046527692/	Consistently good
Z. Williams	Recommended	40.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198041640109/	fantastic game
Firebase	Recommended	62.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198016593758/	Amazing game that is alot of fun.
RaceTime911	Recommended	13.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/RaceTime911/	The changes in this version to the game are simply stunning. - The Graphics- The Physics- The Attention to Detail- Amazing SkyboxIt all adds up to an amazing continuation of the series in the right direction.  
Dheadspin	Not Recommended	2.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/dheadspin/	got a refund.. Didnt meet the hype at all.. I got super bored and felt like I was playing 17 with mods.
[TBE].Trinity	Recommended	21.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/markofromtropoja/	I just want to make this short and clearPROS:1.) Good graphics 2.) Shop now sorted into different categorys 3.) Better looking UI4.) Now they offer you to select they way you start (with machinery or without)5.) Animations are looking good with nice tractors that required mods beforeCONS:1.) Steering wheel support is there but every time you restart game you need to adjust settings all over again2.) Even if graphics are improved still same 2D textures on fields (when can we expect 3D fields?)3.) A bit complicated start for new players that doesn't have experience with FS before4.) Modders finishing their games (they take mods from previous versions and implement them in new game)In general good game but still lacks some stuff or needs to be improved. Giants pls fix steering wheel support if I already invested money to play game I want to have full features as before.EDIT: To configure Steering wheel and let game save it first tune steering wheel deadzones, fire up a game and from there adjust controlls as you wish and dont' forget to save game otherwise you will lose all key bindings.
StaienTheStone	Recommended	24.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198372143203/	The best farming game on steam ever!
MidnightFlow	Recommended	2.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/MidnightFlow/	Well, what to say?Another Farming Simulator.The new steering is a thing to get used to, as well as some aspects like the mode where you buy the buildings and vehicles.Some smaller bugs and errors will hopefully erased soon, but it's out for a few days only.But as always, this game will live from it's mods, the community, and the multiplayer.If you are a fan or interested in this genre, absolutely recommended.
Mandarijn	Recommended	6.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198309781727/	nice game
DJ_Andzej_Angel	Recommended	19.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/DJ_Andzej_Angel/	OMG BETER AND BETER FROM EACH PART TOP THA GAME IN FARMING AND SIMULATR SEGMENT 11 HORSES FROM 10
Coult 45	Recommended	22.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198329316607/	Grate game!!!!   I see a lot of hate for it but I think they are just trying to get atention!   I see some stuff missing that I would like to be in the game but its no big deal. I have had all the FS (Farming Simulator) games, so Im really sad to see so much hate for a geme that I love. so hate all you want but do us people that love the game a faver and hate to your self!!!!!!!!    If I could I would rate this a 11 out of 10, even if some of the stuff is missing form the other games.
mitchelltoews	Recommended	13.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198262011618/	This game is so much fun with john deere added in now I love it and recomend it to all who are looking for farming game to play.
Monster Energy	Recommended	26.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Kendroallsaar/	Its good game to play. In there you can build your own farm and buy animals
Osiris	Recommended	1.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198050596250/	very nice game. giants keep up the good work. i hope that you will motivate lots and lots of new players as well. i for sure will recommend the game.
Elite Chris	Recommended	58.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/elitechrisyt/	Great game as always, nice job Giants
Kab00m	Recommended	9.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/KambUu/	Best game
buddy rowe	Not Recommended	32.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198108642825/	If you play FS17 mainly for logging / forestry, you will hate this game. Can not log any trees that arent near the fields you own. AND there is no designated logging areas anymore (the heavily densely populated tree areas meant for logging). Trees are scarce and spread far apart. And there is new trees that are even worse than the white birch ones from Sosnovka in 17.  The tree harvesters arm movements are even now more painfully slower than 17. It took 5 whole mouse swipes (up to down movement on mouse pad) to fully lower or raise a boom arm (even with sensitivities turned up to max). And the harvester and buffalo have a god-awful blue tracks on their tires?!?! What in the hell?!?!? It looks so awful like it was a bug in the game (even though it was in the gameplay trailer released a couple months ago, and surely, everyone thought that it would be fixed). Just got frustrated and asked for a refund of the game. Maybe a month or two down the road when (and hopefully IF) everything gets patched and fixed I'll revisit the game. Until then, you can catch me on FS17 logging. Peace.
shadolmm7	Recommended	19.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/shadolmm7/	best farming game from the series
DragonFire466	Recommended	3.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198035450742/	Been playing since FS15, and this one is no exception.Still an amazing game.
Aerdian	Recommended	9.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/aerdian/	The next game in one of the best simulation series - Farming Simulator 19. This upgrade introduces updated graphics, new animals, new crop types, and improvements throughout the game. Many people were hoping for more, but I feel this update was an adaquate upgrade for the series. If you're an avid FS player, you will love this upgrade. If you're only the occassional player, though, you probably won't find much that FS17 doesn't deliver. There are still a few bugs here and there, but it's also a newly released game. For people connecting their steering wheel controller, it is much easier and much more straightforward than on FS17. I was able to connect the wheel in under 5 minutes, whereas I was never able to properly connect the wheel to FS17.
Blixten McCream	Not Recommended	15.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Mcclean_/	i little bit boring but it gets funnier later in the game
Neil Beasant	Not Recommended	10.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197971393855/	What to say? I had high hopes for FS 19, but I'm so dissapointed. How can a large software company toatally mess up a product that is really just a graphical update of their last product. I'd love to rate the gameplay but i can't. The control system is so messed up I can'tr play it. It says I  have my wheel attached even when all of my controllers are disconnected. When connected I can't place anything or even zoom in on the map as a ghsot Axis is continually zooming out or when I try and move the view or turn the placeable it sticks the keys on and continually moves over the map.Now the set up I have worked perfectly with FS 17 on launch day and ever since. How can they totally mess up this? Easy it's called consolising. When you develop  for the bottom feeding technology you mess it up for the high end technology. It's sad that they have messed up the launch so much. Not only that We are being ignored for our support tickets. As per most modern software comnpanies we don't get a ticket system we get Email support. I put in my Email 1 hour after launch 23 dyas ago and still have no acknowledgement it's even been recieved or read. They have my money and don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about anything else. Do I recomend FS 19 right now? Hell know will I be getting the next version hell no. Giant's software will do what they always do wait for the modders to fix everything, shamefull display.
palpwh	Not Recommended	13.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198129335577/	tryed to get play the game there is a lot of bugs to be worked on ie hitching farm eguipment, some of the combines would not connect to it header after buying it at the shop, plows would unhitch, think i leave it for a few week until to see if there update the steam version
Rowan	Not Recommended	2.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/rcjmrl46/	Unfortunately controller setup has been an issue for those that have wheels and joystick including myself. Even some mouse actions and buttons did not function as recommended in game. It seems to be a real shame that not much effort has been put into ease of setting up controllers of the bat. Time will tell with improvements i guess.
mad_kaker	Not Recommended	7.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198073285959/	biggest dissapoinment of 2018. Totaly money grab. Do not recomend if you played FS 15 or 17. Devs should be asamed.
jrd100	Recommended	27.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198034110598/	The big question you ask, is it worth upgrading from my hard drive full of mods and FS17 to FS19? All in all, Yes. Improvements to subtle things like keeping loads on trailers to the more obvious like improved graphics and more end game fun. Some great effort has been applied to the equipment. stop and look close to the details, stuff like hoses connecting, fan belts turning, Sky effects, investments into new brands without a DLC buy in. these are why you will buy it.. over time your hard drive of FS17 mods will convert to FS19 and you will have a much better foundation to do whatever you like to do. Until then, grab a few beers, log on with a few friends and just have fun. is it amazing? No, Well not yet.. The core farms on the release dont match the pre-launch trailer. well other than the John deer tractor, nothing in the trailer is in the game. even the lizard pick up is lesser. The default maps are just ok, some great spots but overall restrictive in your ability to use all the new gadgets and animal placeables. The maps have no covered parking with the exception of 3 steel carports you can place. (a wood one if you play in EU) Barns and garages are static and useless. you can clearly see they put the effort into the equipment and visuals. most will ignore the default maps as soon as someone puts one out or you use the editor to modify it heavily. So it sounds bad, Why did I give it a thumbs up? Its stable, it works, and its a solid foundation for your next step in the FS series.. the major modders are moving, so get it or get left behind. becides that, it is still fun.
haydzj14	Recommended	29.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198167145688/	good game, buggy at times. good to see they finally added john deere to the garage. 
DARTH VAPER	Not Recommended	21.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/DwightyFrighty/	Tl; Dr; The developers spent more budget on their shiny, CGI trailer instead of actually improving this game from previous itterations. When I think Farm Sim 2019 after having put a few hours in, a few words come to mind. Bugs, frustration, and regret.The bugs. Oh god, the bugs.  Driving a massive piece of machinery should feel powerful. You should feel that the fragile world around you could not possibly handle having you bump into it for fear of crushing whatever it is you hit into tiny, unrecognizable pellets. Oh, but Farm Sim 2019 has a different philosophy! Driving down the road, and you bump into a small hatchback car in your 20,000lb tractor? HIT THE F#$^ING BRAKES.   Thats right, every object in this game you run into stops you dead in your tracks quicker than a pedophile at a PTA meeting. And thats just vertical objects. Driving a trailer and you try and drive over and unfortunately shaped bump? Well guess what you're resetting that trailer to the store and picking it up because it's not moving otherwise.    Many of the vehicles dont operate well anyways so don't even think about buying anything other than a tractor. Forestry is a joke since the developers have no clue how to design objects you can pick up with a crane effectively, logs are surrounded by massive invisible hitboxes that cause craning them to feel more rigged than a crane game at chucky cheese. Skid steers are absolutely useless. A vehicle that is supposed to be able to turn on the spot requires you to be moving forward to turn, completely negating its entire purpose.    For a game that can't seem to handle hills, boy, did they put a lot of hills in it. Driving a vehicle from A to B when any little post, hill, or painfully obvious looping NPC vehicle stops you immediately is just agonzing. And you may say, "But hey, you can turn traffic off so why complain?" And I would say, if traffic is so god awfully unfinished, why include it in a game and then call the game version 1.0?   Honestly, I could spend HOURS pointing out every single issue with this game, because for every hour I spend in it, I find ten hours worth of issues that any development company worth their office space would have squashed during testing, but hey, who needs testing when you can just spend all your money on trailers and advertising and JOHN DEERE LICENSING.Hey, I get it, companies are greedy and that probably cost a lot of money, and I get it, it's amibtious to try and make a big ol' game where you can do a bunch of stuff. But Giants puts out games almost every year and they are almost the exact same game every year without improving issues I saw back in Farm Sim 2015. These bugs aren't new. They aren't getting fixed. Don't kid yourself. The engine this game is built upon is deeply flawed and has not been changed by 2 bits in 4 years. Farm like never before? No. More like "Farm the exact same way and just keep giving us more money every year"
harryonline	Recommended	3.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198422312162/	FS19 > Red Dead Redemption 2
RoadRunner	Recommended	30.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/RoadRunnersGarage/	Great looking game. Alot of fun with friends.
ChronosDecima	Recommended	6.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197996161281/	I do not understand the negative reviews. The new graphics engine is amazing, the terrain is a million times more life like with rolling hilla, steep cliffs, rivers, dirt roads, etc. The steering is more realistic, the modeling of the equipment is beautiful,  joysticks in the cabs move with the hydraulics, etc.  The AI still sucks, some of the plows don't seem to work correctly, but overall a giant upgrade.
Artaksatra	Recommended	1.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198030966704/	Ok just dropping by to counter all the day 1 negative reviews.My first impressions: FS19 looks WAAAAY better than FS17 and runs much more smoothly than its predecessor.Content-wise: please do not compare this game to what FS17 is now, two years into its release and with thousands of mods.Sure, FS19 is just the barebones game now but what we have seems to me a very solid foundation to be built upon by the modding community to create the best FS experience to date.Tl;dr: still well worth a buy on day 1, will only get better and better over time! 
Liam	Not Recommended	21.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/lq3/	This game has really started to annoy me. Button mapping resetting, pallet flipping all over the place when I try to put them down and many other little things.
eQee	Recommended	60.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/eQeeMachine/	Game is on same engine as fs17. but is much better than fs17. Fs19 got more animacions, better texture and animacions on vehicles and equipments. Map's are good. but missing hills and mud. my rate for these game is 7/10..
dk	Recommended	38.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/dylanthedk/	great game love it
Le Richard	Recommended	18.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/lerichard/	em comparaçao com os anteriores esta muito bom, incluisive na otimizaçao grafica
ChosenOne	Recommended	17.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ChosenOne24/	Its a cool game, if you want to start a real farm best maybe play this for atleast some starting knowledge so you know how hard it is to run a farm
[<|KpoD|>] Erwin	Recommended	20.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/erwinmustermann/	I'm normally not a simulation guy nor someone who is really into farming. But the first 3 hours where really fun and I'm looking forward to try out the multiplayer!
Тракторист	Recommended	3.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198041801473/	I am playing this game series from first PC game. I grow up with that. First look after 30 mins. What i was excpecting, i dont find it here.  There is no so much difrent things from FS 17. After so much big adverstising, i excpect something really new here. BUT despite that its nice to play better, bigger FARMING SIMULATOR.
Sticky	Recommended	28.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/stickysims/	A great successor to FS17. People who are reviewing it bad saying a lack of content with 1-3 hours of game play only are a bit biased. Wait until the game has mods.
Dmac	Recommended	12.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/t3hdmacz0rz/	Does what it says on the box. Latest installment of the Farm Simulator series with a few improvements, John Deere and of course Horses! Just needs the 'Follow Me' mod packaged with the game (and seasons as an option) and it'll be perfect!
t.jk20	Recommended	2.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/hustyk/	it is awsome
Ian3471	Recommended	28.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/IanHanmore/	Better than its predecessor, more features and better graphics. Stick to Multiplayer though because the AI helpers do a terrible job and drain your bank account.
Wardiaper	Recommended	7.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198035865217/	We started with Farming Simulator 2009 and had to buy it from SimMarket.  It was an amazing experience - a simulator that didn't have terrible controls and was fun.  People made fun of us when we mentioned it.  No one understood.  So we had to play behind closed doors and never talk about it in public or the internet.But with Farming Simulator 2011 more people started coming out.  The world was changing.  Gaming was changing.  People wanted more than pew pew.  A few started talking about this farming game in public and weren't permabanned.  The excitement was still there - the dirty feeling of playing something that other people found repulsive.In 2013 everyone wanted to be cool - tattoos, ride a Harley Davidson, multicolored hair, and play Farming Simulator.  It was cool to farm now.  But my interest starting waning because it wasn't so cool anymore when everyone was doing it.FS 2015 and FS 2017 continued this trend of commercial success and gamer acceptance and now FS 2019 is out.  We will always buy the newest version of the game.  We will always vote it up.  It's Farming Simulator, maybe the greatest game ever made.  Maybe next year we get Farming Royale mode.The end.(please to excuse the bad English - I'm American)
Ian3471	Recommended	28.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/IanHanmore/	Better than its predecessor, more features and better graphics. Stick to Multiplayer though because the AI helpers do a terrible job and drain your bank account.
RoadRunner	Recommended	30.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/RoadRunnersGarage/	Great looking game. Alot of fun with friends.
mad_kaker	Not Recommended	7.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198073285959/	biggest dissapoinment of 2018. Totaly money grab. Do not recomend if you played FS 15 or 17. Devs should be asamed.
SuTank	Recommended	18.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SuTank/	Its a good game  
harryonline	Recommended	3.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198422312162/	FS19 > Red Dead Redemption 2
DragonFire466	Recommended	3.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198035450742/	Been playing since FS15, and this one is no exception.Still an amazing game.
Aerdian	Recommended	9.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/aerdian/	The next game in one of the best simulation series - Farming Simulator 19. This upgrade introduces updated graphics, new animals, new crop types, and improvements throughout the game. Many people were hoping for more, but I feel this update was an adaquate upgrade for the series. If you're an avid FS player, you will love this upgrade. If you're only the occassional player, though, you probably won't find much that FS17 doesn't deliver. There are still a few bugs here and there, but it's also a newly released game. For people connecting their steering wheel controller, it is much easier and much more straightforward than on FS17. I was able to connect the wheel in under 5 minutes, whereas I was never able to properly connect the wheel to FS17.
Blixten McCream	Not Recommended	15.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Mcclean_/	i little bit boring but it gets funnier later in the game
Neil Beasant	Not Recommended	10.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197971393855/	What to say? I had high hopes for FS 19, but I'm so dissapointed. How can a large software company toatally mess up a product that is really just a graphical update of their last product. I'd love to rate the gameplay but i can't. The control system is so messed up I can'tr play it. It says I  have my wheel attached even when all of my controllers are disconnected. When connected I can't place anything or even zoom in on the map as a ghsot Axis is continually zooming out or when I try and move the view or turn the placeable it sticks the keys on and continually moves over the map.Now the set up I have worked perfectly with FS 17 on launch day and ever since. How can they totally mess up this? Easy it's called consolising. When you develop  for the bottom feeding technology you mess it up for the high end technology. It's sad that they have messed up the launch so much. Not only that We are being ignored for our support tickets. As per most modern software comnpanies we don't get a ticket system we get Email support. I put in my Email 1 hour after launch 23 dyas ago and still have no acknowledgement it's even been recieved or read. They have my money and don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about anything else. Do I recomend FS 19 right now? Hell know will I be getting the next version hell no. Giant's software will do what they always do wait for the modders to fix everything, shamefull display.
palpwh	Not Recommended	13.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198129335577/	tryed to get play the game there is a lot of bugs to be worked on ie hitching farm eguipment, some of the combines would not connect to it header after buying it at the shop, plows would unhitch, think i leave it for a few week until to see if there update the steam version
Ian3471	Recommended	28.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/IanHanmore/	Better than its predecessor, more features and better graphics. Stick to Multiplayer though because the AI helpers do a terrible job and drain your bank account.
jrd100	Recommended	27.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198034110598/	The big question you ask, is it worth upgrading from my hard drive full of mods and FS17 to FS19? All in all, Yes. Improvements to subtle things like keeping loads on trailers to the more obvious like improved graphics and more end game fun. Some great effort has been applied to the equipment. stop and look close to the details, stuff like hoses connecting, fan belts turning, Sky effects, investments into new brands without a DLC buy in. these are why you will buy it.. over time your hard drive of FS17 mods will convert to FS19 and you will have a much better foundation to do whatever you like to do. Until then, grab a few beers, log on with a few friends and just have fun. is it amazing? No, Well not yet.. The core farms on the release dont match the pre-launch trailer. well other than the John deer tractor, nothing in the trailer is in the game. even the lizard pick up is lesser. The default maps are just ok, some great spots but overall restrictive in your ability to use all the new gadgets and animal placeables. The maps have no covered parking with the exception of 3 steel carports you can place. (a wood one if you play in EU) Barns and garages are static and useless. you can clearly see they put the effort into the equipment and visuals. most will ignore the default maps as soon as someone puts one out or you use the editor to modify it heavily. So it sounds bad, Why did I give it a thumbs up? Its stable, it works, and its a solid foundation for your next step in the FS series.. the major modders are moving, so get it or get left behind. becides that, it is still fun.
haydzj14	Recommended	29.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198167145688/	good game, buggy at times. good to see they finally added john deere to the garage. 
RoadRunner	Recommended	30.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/RoadRunnersGarage/	Great looking game. Alot of fun with friends.
harryonline	Recommended	3.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198422312162/	FS19 > Red Dead Redemption 2
JIMMYS_VENDETTA	Recommended	13.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198091725329/	Geriausias FS19 SIMULIATORIUS IS VISU ZAISTU IR KAS ANTRUS METUS LEIDZIA IR NIEKAD NEPAVEDA KURIEJAI
RYDozeman	Recommended	28.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198113751959/	This game is amazing! well hold on there a minute. lets talk details. I seen alot of people giving this a negative and wondered why.  it could be the seemingly worse bale and picking up physics, it could be their potatoes cant handle the graphics, it could be some bugs which arn't fixed yet, or it just wasnt what they expected. For me, i love the game. the graphics are amazing, but your potato had better be big enough to handle it. there are bugs yes, my companion cant fix or customize his vehicles and i cant make farms in multiplayer without freezing up(both bugs are now fixed),but even with those downsides, i still enjoy playing FS19!
Sean	Recommended	14.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197976882474/	A pretty decent upgrade on the last edition of Farming Simulator.
Farmer_Dad	Recommended	50.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Farmer_Dad/	great game
Yo Oliii	Recommended	32.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198310435087/	1st steam review!I love this franchise and have put in almost 700 hours since FS15. Overall, it’s a big thumbs up from me. While its not the complete overhaul a lot of people always seem to expect but just adds more content and improves on foundations set out in the previous sims.Pros:Graphics are a definite improvement, not huge but definitely crisper and cleaner all round from cabin to general textures and scenery. Draw distance is reduced even when pushed to full settings so there is a bit of pop in, but it doesn’t affect the majority of gameplay. Sounds are better and even through some are re used from FS17, they seem more polished and sound better generally. The Start from Scratch & Farm Manager modes for career are a welcome change and give you a lot more flexibility as well as the field/land buying system. Much improved and makes a lot of sense.Cons:The driving control is still well below par, driving most vehicles above 25/30 mph is still skittish and very unrealistic. Would have hoped this would have been looked at as been an issue since fs15 and probably before. Might be me being thick but also a really annoying oversight is the lack of road or track placement to go with the buildings. Until I work out how to do it or update/mods are released I’ll have to settle with my farm buildings surrounded by grass with no roads or tracks to connect them. Again, not massive but seems odd that wasn’t included. Stability when handling bales/pallets etc can still glitchy and tedious, dare I saw a tad worse than fs17? If I stop whilst carrying a pallet on a tractor or telehandler etc then the vehicle just hovers backwards at 2/3 mph. not got to silage yet but am interested to see if that’s been improved.Conclusion:I paid full price and don’t feel like is should have waited for a sale. I think a lot of people (but not all) leaving the neggy reviews get so hyped up in the build-up they are expecting a completely new and revolutionary game, so when it comes out the improvements that have been made don’t live up to their expectations and they slam it. Its honestly a very solid entry into the series and when mods arrive over the next few months it’s going to be even better. 8/10. Thumbs up! 
JIMMYS_VENDETTA	Recommended	13.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198091725329/	Geriausias FS19 SIMULIATORIUS IS VISU ZAISTU IR KAS ANTRUS METUS LEIDZIA IR NIEKAD NEPAVEDA KURIEJAI
harryonline	Recommended	3.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198422312162/	FS19 > Red Dead Redemption 2
Purno	Recommended	29.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/markleppen/	It's pretty much as good as previous Farming Simulator games were. The gameplay is pretty much similar with that of FS17, but a few new features, a few things to make your life easier, and a graphical update without using a 3D-engine that needs an überheavy computer to run. Quite a few more game settings to make your farmer life easier, or harder, depending on your own personal preference for difficulty and progression speed. More realistic physics and equipment are added for those hardcore farmers out there, but pretty much everything optional so you can still go easy on yourself if you want to :)
Towgod the Simgod	Recommended	55.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TowgodtheSimgod/	Welcome to the new Farming simulator. With the upgrades to the new graphics engine, and the improved details in the vehicles, enviroment, and ground textures. Feels like a breath of fresh air in asspect of the game. The improved physics also add to the seamless game play of the game in general. Can't wait to see some newer maps and the extensive equipment menus like FS 17. A must buy for anyone that has played any of the previous versions of this game. You will not regret the purchase once you see what this latest installment you will see what the hype is about.
Yanis	Not Recommended	6.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197976795975/	Game constantly freezes when entering certain vehicles and is therefore unplayable.
Martin [EST]	Recommended	12.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198081566879/	Just imagine how good it's going to get, once the mods start coming in. Modding has always played a massive part in the success of the FS, the game itself has always been a good base for the modders. Really looking forward to play on some nice British maps, especially the ones from Frontier Design.EDIT: After a little more play-time on FS19, I would say, that this is the best starter yet for the series for modders to start building on. The graphics are miles better, I really like the new missions system. The farm building itself needs some work from Giants, especially laying the roads between the buildings, but the start has been made. Also, there are some minor bugs, but I'm sure these will be patched quite soon. All-in-all, I like the game and I expect to put even more hours into it than I did for FS17 (1400+ hrs).
Doomsdays Production	Not Recommended	15.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/DoomsdaysProduction/	♥♥♥♥♥its♥♥♥♥♥♥don't download it, basicly I pre ordered the game like 3 months ago... and it worked for the release day, and now it doesn't work. I asked support and.. guess what. Intel is nolonger supported. Don't buy the game its a waist of money and time.. Giants Software... very disapointing to do something like that. To make the game availble to player with intel GPU's then after the release make it unavalible to play. Im getting a refund.
Chief Zuma	Not Recommended	1.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198006591585/	Although I've played every FS game since 15, I wouldn't count myself an in depth expert on them. I don't know, for example, how accurate the simulation of this equipment is.I will say that the gameplay and interface feel far clunkier than they should at this point in the series. For example, the default mouse sensitivity is so low that I have to move my mouse across my desk several times to turn my head around in game. I can't see why anyone would want to have the sensitivity set that low at all, let alone have it as the default. On 400% of the normal sensitivity it's still sluggish compared what I'd consider to be normal. Of course, I'd prefer not to be using the mouse at all, but for whatever reason the game refuses to let me actually use my gamepad. There's just this overwhelming sense that all of the design effort went into the equipment and little else. Whether it's the "character designer" that lets you chose from only the tiniest number of customization options, or the soundscape which plays the same generic countryside background noise loop at the same volume whether your in your fields, in your house, or in town, the world of the game feels like a lot of placeholder content. I'm constantly bothered by the repetitive footstep sounds that feel like they're from the early 2000s.That said, the graphics are a notable step forward, and the core gameplay is still a lot of fun. I definitely love that you can have a dog now. Depending on how much later patches polish this game, my recommendation will likely change, but right now it's just a bit too rough around the edges for me to recommend you jump in. Stick with 17.
TrueType	Not Recommended	24.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/thetruetype/	NO DEDICATED SERVER
Bitfogav	Recommended	12.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Bitfogav/	Great graphics, great game play and many hours of fun!! Defo recommend :)
Matthew_12k	Recommended	21.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198381324172/	This game will give you a lot of decent game play. The beginnings are never the easiest but the satisfaction with the game increases with each next hour. The game is definitely worth recommending and buying! :)
Alecubit	Recommended	33.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Alecubit/	it is awsome
DARTH VAPER	Not Recommended	21.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/DwightyFrighty/	Tl; Dr; The developers spent more budget on their shiny, CGI trailer instead of actually improving this game from previous itterations. When I think Farm Sim 2019 after having put a few hours in, a few words come to mind. Bugs, frustration, and regret.The bugs. Oh god, the bugs.  Driving a massive piece of machinery should feel powerful. You should feel that the fragile world around you could not possibly handle having you bump into it for fear of crushing whatever it is you hit into tiny, unrecognizable pellets. Oh, but Farm Sim 2019 has a different philosophy! Driving down the road, and you bump into a small hatchback car in your 20,000lb tractor? HIT THE F#$^ING BRAKES.   Thats right, every object in this game you run into stops you dead in your tracks quicker than a pedophile at a PTA meeting. And thats just vertical objects. Driving a trailer and you try and drive over and unfortunately shaped bump? Well guess what you're resetting that trailer to the store and picking it up because it's not moving otherwise.    Many of the vehicles dont operate well anyways so don't even think about buying anything other than a tractor. Forestry is a joke since the developers have no clue how to design objects you can pick up with a crane effectively, logs are surrounded by massive invisible hitboxes that cause craning them to feel more rigged than a crane game at chucky cheese. Skid steers are absolutely useless. A vehicle that is supposed to be able to turn on the spot requires you to be moving forward to turn, completely negating its entire purpose.    For a game that can't seem to handle hills, boy, did they put a lot of hills in it. Driving a vehicle from A to B when any little post, hill, or painfully obvious looping NPC vehicle stops you immediately is just agonzing. And you may say, "But hey, you can turn traffic off so why complain?" And I would say, if traffic is so god awfully unfinished, why include it in a game and then call the game version 1.0?   Honestly, I could spend HOURS pointing out every single issue with this game, because for every hour I spend in it, I find ten hours worth of issues that any development company worth their office space would have squashed during testing, but hey, who needs testing when you can just spend all your money on trailers and advertising and JOHN DEERE LICENSING.Hey, I get it, companies are greedy and that probably cost a lot of money, and I get it, it's amibtious to try and make a big ol' game where you can do a bunch of stuff. But Giants puts out games almost every year and they are almost the exact same game every year without improving issues I saw back in Farm Sim 2015. These bugs aren't new. They aren't getting fixed. Don't kid yourself. The engine this game is built upon is deeply flawed and has not been changed by 2 bits in 4 years. Farm like never before? No. More like "Farm the exact same way and just keep giving us more money every year"
jrd100	Recommended	27.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198034110598/	The big question you ask, is it worth upgrading from my hard drive full of mods and FS17 to FS19? All in all, Yes. Improvements to subtle things like keeping loads on trailers to the more obvious like improved graphics and more end game fun. Some great effort has been applied to the equipment. stop and look close to the details, stuff like hoses connecting, fan belts turning, Sky effects, investments into new brands without a DLC buy in. these are why you will buy it.. over time your hard drive of FS17 mods will convert to FS19 and you will have a much better foundation to do whatever you like to do. Until then, grab a few beers, log on with a few friends and just have fun. is it amazing? No, Well not yet.. The core farms on the release dont match the pre-launch trailer. well other than the John deer tractor, nothing in the trailer is in the game. even the lizard pick up is lesser. The default maps are just ok, some great spots but overall restrictive in your ability to use all the new gadgets and animal placeables. The maps have no covered parking with the exception of 3 steel carports you can place. (a wood one if you play in EU) Barns and garages are static and useless. you can clearly see they put the effort into the equipment and visuals. most will ignore the default maps as soon as someone puts one out or you use the editor to modify it heavily. So it sounds bad, Why did I give it a thumbs up? Its stable, it works, and its a solid foundation for your next step in the FS series.. the major modders are moving, so get it or get left behind. becides that, it is still fun.
haydzj14	Recommended	29.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198167145688/	good game, buggy at times. good to see they finally added john deere to the garage. 
Porefore	Recommended	33.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198142505511/	I love This games, i have just started playing it, i bought it for 24 euros what was kinda cheap and i am really happy and i am a bit new to FS 19 but i used to watch let's plays of FS17.
PaPa BaBa -{[NoSound]}-	Recommended	29.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/BonBonWinThisGame/	Product received for free
rcjenn40	Recommended	19.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198050433002/	TLDR: Exact same gameplay mechanics as previous Farming Simulator series titles. Just a much prettier wrapper, additional crop, animals, and a handful of popular previous mod offerings built into the game such as crop destruction.It's definitely worth it if you're an FS enthusiast. The game world seems much more real and alive. You can see storms approaching in the distance, have crows following your seeders/harvesters, hear the blaring horn of passing trains, watch your crops sway in the wind, ect. The game world is truly alive now.Other than that though, in all honesty, it's pretty much the same game just with a prettier wrapper.It comes with two built-in maps and one optional map that was previously a paid DLC from FS 17;  Estancia Lapacho. Of the two built-in maps, Ravenport supposedly represents the USA but for some reason the devs turned it into a giant junkyard. Even the farmhouse looks like an abandoned trash heap, almost as if the dev's were deliberately giving a middle finger salute to their American players.The game has many features that can be toggled on or off depending on just how much you want the game to feel like a struggle; crop withering, vehicle grime, crop destruction when driving over it, required periodic plowing, lime enrichment, weed control, ect.The job system was revamped so that it's not an instant ATM anymore. Now you have to use or lease your own equipment to do jobs for others.You can now build your own farming home base from the ground up, placing various buildings, sheds, and silo's in whatever layout you want, but the very limited amount of flat land will still pretty much dictate choices for you.A lot of things were made harder in the game; you still have to dump certain crops on the ground instead of silo's or storage bins like in previous FS games, you have to buy and transport seed and fertilizer from the store, vehicle maintainance is a non-disableable requirement now, and you can't store silage at biogas plants anymore unless you own them.I'm sure that mod authors will bring in a lot of quality of life improvement mods to make life easier for us such as placeable seed and fertilizer depots, all-inclusive silo's, ect, but, and probably the biggie, there probably won't be a GPS mod for this version since the author is now employed by a rival game development house.So it's a hit and miss recommendation. The world is very beautiful and alive, but more difficult to justify as a casual gaming experience anymore due to the increased difficulty and demands on your time and resources to get anything done. Your mileage may vary compared to earlier versions of the game.
Purno	Recommended	29.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/markleppen/	It's pretty much as good as previous Farming Simulator games were. The gameplay is pretty much similar with that of FS17, but a few new features, a few things to make your life easier, and a graphical update without using a 3D-engine that needs an überheavy computer to run. Quite a few more game settings to make your farmer life easier, or harder, depending on your own personal preference for difficulty and progression speed. More realistic physics and equipment are added for those hardcore farmers out there, but pretty much everything optional so you can still go easy on yourself if you want to :)
tracegilbert	Not Recommended	14.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198216704351/	Can't get to the loading screen before it crashes. I got 2 days of gameplay before this happened. Great game but only if I can play it
KobY	Recommended	44.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/LKobY/	cannot even setup wheel, its been 10 years and 0 improvement when it comes to wheel, does not even recognize pedals and after 1 hour of mapping keys TWICE the options just reset after restart. Otherwise gud game
Nick75	Not Recommended	3.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Nick75/	This is awful compared to FS17. The game feels like an early access version and it feels rushed, unpolished and generally of very low quality compared to its predecessor. Performance is much worse than FS17 due to the fact they've added shaders that are much heavier on performance. Playing with a gamepad in FS19, the steering in vehicles is far too sensitive for it to be playable. The 'build your own farm' feature with placeable buildings is poor as you have little variety of placeables and sometimes after you've placed them you'll just see a raised platform of ground surrounding the building which looks awful. I really wanted this to succeed but unfortunately it's a huge let-down for the series.
Procobator	Not Recommended	19.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198135541382/	I regretfully have to give this game a bad review.  It does have some great upgrades from its previous versions but the implementation was done quite poorly.  The input bindings for any prehephrials such as a wheel or side panel are a mess.  I have no clue how this got past a semi competent QA/QC process.  Track IR implementation seemed like an afterthought as well.  The implementation of it is also poor and in fact made me dizzy from playing for just the little time I did get the game to work.  This game needed more refinements before it should have been released.  Some of the game repersentatives have also been less than par (to put it mildly) with their attituse with us.  I do believe that this company could stand to go back to and take some customer service refresher classes.I recommend holding off until the missed QA/QC items are resolved before purchasing.  Just too many little idiosyncrasies that really add up to an unenjoyable experience.
tracegilbert	Not Recommended	14.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198216704351/	Can't get to the loading screen before it crashes. I got 2 days of gameplay before this happened. Great game but only if I can play it
Towgod the Simgod	Recommended	55.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TowgodtheSimgod/	Welcome to the new Farming simulator. With the upgrades to the new graphics engine, and the improved details in the vehicles, enviroment, and ground textures. Feels like a breath of fresh air in asspect of the game. The improved physics also add to the seamless game play of the game in general. Can't wait to see some newer maps and the extensive equipment menus like FS 17. A must buy for anyone that has played any of the previous versions of this game. You will not regret the purchase once you see what this latest installment you will see what the hype is about.
[ZGE] Auron	Recommended	56.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197986077617/	Well Done Giants !
Graph Paper	Recommended	12.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198322470411/	This game is great! you choose how your farm is set up. You dont start with any equipment and no buildings and a 1.25 million dollars to set up how you want for farming (conventional or chaff and sillage) or forestry.
Coffee	Recommended	41.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/MnPd00d/	Great improvement from FS17. Can't wait for the bugs to get worked out and to get our MP server up. Would suggest to the casual FS players and the more dedicated FS players.
Yellow	Recommended	22.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/yellowtheplayer/	Some people are disliking and says there is lag and bugs my answer is no, game doesnt lag you just have a bad computer, there some thibks that needs a update like AI because it doesnt work whole field. Vehicle sounds is so realistic, the way you drive is realistic, farming is realistic, TO EVERYONE WHO SAYS FS17 IS BETTER - No, there is so much more realisim in fs19, if you play fs19 you wont go back to fs17, I recommend fs19 and dont get confused about thoose bad comments people write, i checked and saw that 90% of people who wrote bad comment  played more than 10 hours, if they really didnt like it they would stop playing before 2 hours and sell it back but they didnt, Yes there are things that need change but we just need modders who will give us better maps with bigger fields and everything will be ok.Yes we didnt get realistic grpund or spintires but WE HOPE WW WILL GET IN FS21 so far we cant change that just play fs19 and have fun I didnt get any lag until now or my game didnt crash so far im using gtx1070So buy this game if you dont like you can get your money back but trust me you will like it
ThyPooP	Recommended	11.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ThyPooP/	So far i love, really do recommend if you enjoyed the title before this one
Friendly Side Car	Recommended	30.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Blackbelt2514/	From my 20 hrs ive played and my thousand of hours in my past fs games I have to say this game needed more time in develoment but i think through some patchs it can be fixed I do think this is a great game but I think from my point of veiw this game needs better fps I get studder on all  the options and I have over the min requirements.  Just if your going to by this game look at videos and screenshots I have to say I would give this game 3.9/5 stars.
Czech Monster	Recommended	29.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197960459248/	Game is great. Day and night difference between 19 and 17. Don't blame developers for not being to able to run it the way it's suppose to on your potato PCs.
KingDelotis	Recommended	13.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/KingDelotis/	I love the franchise, but so far my system has crashed twice while in FS 19. Waiting on fix
The Ships Cat	Not Recommended	0.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/theshipscat/	This game just wasn't ready for release. I've shelved it for a while until it's ready. The controller support is laughable, there is a line about 3 feet in front of my combine where the graphics change that just moved along a fixed distance in front of the vehicle. I've had a couple of crashes that seem to relate to controller mix and I'm fighting with stupid things like not being able to properly rotate the vehicles in the 3D preview. None of this is game breaking but it is hugely frustrating and I don't want to fight to make my games work in my very limited free time. I'll come back in a month, try again and adjust the review as needed. Next time get this beta tested by non pyscophantic you tubers ☹️
3rr0r	Recommended	41.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198362238909/	That's not a game that i was expacted. Sure it's good game, but it's not Amazing or something. If you like farming Simulator Games, like me, sure you can buy it. But if you are new or you don't have much experience with this series, You shouldn't buy it. This game has Technical problems, Bugs, Glitches. Devs are Lazy. 6/10
Zero4Infinitive	Not Recommended	5.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197995706312/	Good improvement over FS17. I really like the graphics and attention to detail, sounds and all that that makes FS19 a great game BUT for now they really need to fix the game. I encountered way too many bugs for a released version. I got bales dissappearing, bale loader glitching and tractor getting stuck because of that, combine harvester header getting stuck also, Tractor jumping into the air, UI glitches, you name it. The game has tons of potential but for now I already am at the third time when I quit the game because of the bugs. Giants really needs to fix this. All in all, I would've recommended this like in an instant if not for the bugs, at least for now, I just can't recommend a product this buggy and honestly, it's a shame because FS19 is a rough diamond.
✪ PHAVE ✪	Recommended	31.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kill_me101420/	10/10 best game ever but things are way to light they items should be heavier like bales and logs
scunny2015	Recommended	45.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198196639425/	love this game has a few small things that need to be addresed but other than that its amazing
Chesco	Not Recommended	16.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Chesco21/	Where to start....Ok... as beeing a player, and modder since FS2013.... here we go...Fs 19 looks good, feels right, ...meh....ok pherhaps, not always,all of you  oldtimers ...I think you know the feeling...The things that really disturbes me are these, and I'll give you a quick summary.controls.... and this is a major one...:Since 2013 Drive Control has been developed by one of the top modders. Followed by Gearbox, also a great feature... All giants needed to do is convert the scripts and add them as an option... Who wants to put his foot on his brake to go backwards. I dont...Controls combinations...:  no longer working in FS19 ; now I know in the xml file you can combine keystrokes on your input device, using notepad++ but you have to know how that works... However in FS 17 it was simple as hold a button and push another one to get a different input from 2 keys hold together,  maybe not so important , but still it was easy to copy paste  for them to implement it since its the same engine obviously. So thats in the bin...Next big dissapointment;Placeables.... oh my.... what have we got there...10isch  non functional buildings.... 3 "THREE" sheds, some silos.... a hayloft and a doghouse... and some other stuff, mostly converted from 17.It irritates me so much that Giants is just releasing something they are been building on from a decade ago. While doing a great job on that , gfx wise and all the other enhancements, they seem to just rely on the modding community to make it as it should be.Modders again have to recreate their mods since 2013... the only inclussion of a mod I see right now is chopped straw, and crop destruction. Nice ; Thumbs up really!!. love it!!No moving doors, no "usefull builidings, nothing to interact with..." and to make mathers worse, a real pain in the neck , placeable system to "create your farm of your dreams". The terraforming is a complete dissaster....Foilage: to sketchy.... Long unatural grass, feels unrealistic . Bushes still comming through the bottom of your vehicle. Rain sitll pours on you dashboard...Really?I have been a player , modder and spended 2000+ hours since 2013  probably more included the modding... but very dissapointed...Thats all there is to it really.I really hope that FS19 will be as great as its predecessors, just by the input of the modding community. Because of now I lost my trust in Giants. They really do not up their game enough. Just my 2 thoughts, and would share this with you.Recommended : As of now..... NoFS17 with mods Recommended ; By far Yes....Best to you all :)
woat is aim	Recommended	14.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/woatisaim/	Honestly everyone hating on this game is pretty impatient. EVERY single game that has ever come out has had bugs. This is by far the best Farming Sim yet! <3 devs! Have fun dealing with the impatiant 4 year olds.
woat is aim	Recommended	14.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/woatisaim/	Honestly everyone hating on this game is pretty impatient. EVERY single game that has ever come out has had bugs. This is by far the best Farming Sim yet! <3 devs! Have fun dealing with the impatiant 4 year olds.
YeetusMcCleetus	Recommended	88.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198448553018/	absolutely love it graphics are amazing gameplay is awesome highly reccomend
Joshs transport channel yt	Not Recommended	8.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198448679181/	would love to know why FS19 wont open on my PC i played it for a couple hours and now it wont even open
Lost Pup	Not Recommended	97.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198060128943/	Logging is broken, what ever dumbass put a locking script on the log forks fire him/her, has the same ammount of brain as the time he/she spent playtesting that locking script which has single handedly made log forks near unusable as I'm left flailing around with an open fork trying to get the one log in the fork to unlock so I can pick it up again and log forks will not close around logs and tighten them into a bunch instead it has the same ammount of power your 20y/o honda lawn mower that's never had an oil change has meaning with a WHEEL LOADER you can only pick up a single log IF you're lucky Went from loading a trailer in 5min to 30min I"m not even half way. Screw you.
KoeK	Recommended	10.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/koek/	Ignore the haters, you like FS because of the multiplayer gameplay, the graphics are♥♥♥♥♥♥ the physics are♥♥♥♥♥♥ the UI is♥♥♥♥♥♥ but it is all about the gameplay
Feruski	Not Recommended	40.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197973169802/	Graphics are allot better, but that's it. Same old stuff. Went to cut the grass, cut the grass but the weeds are still there.  Only two maps which are week at best. Like the old syle of buying equipment. The olny thing that is going to make this game better is going to be the DLC from users. Save your money and wait for it to be on sale. Stick with 2017 version for now.
Jandar	Recommended	53.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/steafun/	An upgraded Farming Simulator 17.Not in a bad way. Sure! if you are not that into this game and the upgrades it brings out you can wait for a discount to buy but from my point of view this game has tons of hours in it. I usually care about few things when a new game releases;-Good optimization (Whether it is graphics [FPS wise] or stabilization [CTD etc.] of the game itself) / Passed: 60FPS with GTX760 (Between High and Ultra 2xAA) not even SLI activated. Not a single crash to desktop in my 20 hours. (Singleplayer + Multiplayer combined)-Good number of content to start with / Passed: Tons of brands, equipments and activities.-Logical price tag with some promises for future. Passed: Quite reasonable price tag in this department. We all know this game will get some DLCs for itself.This game passes in all three. I'm enjoying my playthrough and I didn't consider/wish to refund it once.I'm usually harsh against developers when I review their games but this game (although it is still long way away from being a perfect game) is quite acceptable on my part. So I recommend it with a 7.5/10 final note.
grundig2132	Not Recommended	33.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198143624606/	One GAINT mess. I'm really on the fence here. Won't let me set controler binding for accelerate to my sticks throttle axis. The equipment feels and looks boring. Even the JD brand isn't really new. Modders have been doing these tractors for years. And there's no JD implements. Would it really kill them to put some utility tractors about the size of the Massey 4709 or JD's 5075? Maybe a few older models (JD 4020) as well. The game is like someone painted a 77 Oldsmobile and called it new. Staying with FS17 for now.
Port	Not Recommended	28.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Port-MSS-/	A farming simulator revision of farming simulator 17 that they managed to not test anything prior to release. Multiplayer cant connect to servers, audio has to be set to 5.1 or lower in order to have sound, multiple menus in game lead to you being unable to enter another menu or move forcing you to close and restart the game. Maybe this will get fixed but how long the wait will be for what should be a finished products is unknown.
Voltz	Not Recommended	24.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198027661620/	 Played many hours on 15 and 17. I know 19 just came out and they will fix some of this stuff but I just can't play it in its current state. I ran seeder over my first field and when I got done I have about twenty 10ft long spots throughout the field where it looked like seeder just wasn't in contact with field. Had to drive back over the spots, sometimes multiple directions, until it seeded them. A couple of them would not seed no matter what. Next issue, save every 15mins was on....I played for 30mins and had seeded another field. I had to jump off for a bit so I pulled up settings and clicked save game just to be sure. It said saved. Went back into game about 10mins later and game had not saved. I was way back at first field with all the patchy spots on it. There had to be little to no testing done for this game. All this stuff is glaringly obvious. If I see a patch real soon I will try again...if not then its a refund.
grundig2132	Not Recommended	33.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198143624606/	One GAINT mess. I'm really on the fence here. Won't let me set controler binding for accelerate to my sticks throttle axis. The equipment feels and looks boring. Even the JD brand isn't really new. Modders have been doing these tractors for years. And there's no JD implements. Would it really kill them to put some utility tractors about the size of the Massey 4709 or JD's 5075? Maybe a few older models (JD 4020) as well. The game is like someone painted a 77 Oldsmobile and called it new. Staying with FS17 for now.
Nuro	Not Recommended	1.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198176781267/	Game is crap. Driving is probably one of the worst i have seen in any game.
Korben	Not Recommended	1.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198039944856/	If you want a decent farming game, you will not find it here, not yet anyway. Buy FS17 and stay away from this garbage until they actually finish it. I owned all ther other versions of this game and all of them are better than this one is in its current state.
kralicek213	Not Recommended	23.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198121644540/	First thing I have to say I was hyped for the game as I saw trailers a few months ago. I enjoyed FS 17 a lot and according to trailers FS 19 should offer new things which could provide a lot of fun to me. It did, somehow, but at this point I was expecting a lot more than I eventualy got.1) Building your farm - Great feature but poorly implemented - You cannot build roads or customize terrain which ends up having terrible looking set of buildings surrounded by grass, so you consider sticking up to already built farm and placing just facilities for animals. - You build your farm somewhere else yet you load your game on default possition. (might be a bug happening to me) - Lack of buildings variety2) Horses - huge disapointment, it had enormous potencial but it was wasted - I want to breed them not just buy them spend heck of time riding them and then sell them - I'd like to train them for some kind of competition or so they could work in the forest. - Horse's controls and movement are bad and its pain to watch for such amount of riding time you need to give them daily + They are profitable to sell when you ride them at least a bit3) Maps, equipment and jobs for clients +- I noticed there are new stuff for new types of crops but a lot of stuff from FS 17 is missing I was glad GIANTS added something as mods for example that Ursus round bales collecting trailer which I used a lot in FS 17 for selling silage - Maps are kinda small which means you don't need those trucks or train to move your goods somewhere. You basically can go with tractor and trailer and even then you have a problem to drive somwhere because the roads are so tiny. + buying land is well made and you can do things only on your own land which is more realistic and cool + new types of missions. I like the transport jobs those are relaxing while having some time left - missions are useless to do because the amount of money you get for it doesn't pay off.I a conclusion I woldn't say FS 19 is so bad or worse than FS 17 but the wasted potencial of new features upsets me. I have a feeling like I was offered more than I got in the end. For now I sadly have to say I don't recommend FS 19 as I recommend FS 17 which for now keeps better gameplay and controls experience. I realy hope for FS 19 to get some awesome mods and fixes so I can change my opinion.
Metin46	Not Recommended	18.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/metin46/	According to my first look, FS17 is really much much better than this one. In my opinion nothing improved from FS17 to FS19, They just decided to change name of the game FS17 to FS19 and collect our moneys. Sorry but big shame of Giants software.  I know you do not have serious competitor in this area but you have to show much more than this. Otherwise most probably someone will create a game better than this, it is not very hard for others if it is your FS19. Just disappointment for me. Hope mods can save this game.-Game says you can create your own farm but not enough good looking buildings and there is no way to make concrete fields or roads between buildings. So are we really free to create our farm?-No better graphics than FS17You can sell horse paddock and horse farm via DLC for FS17 I think.Please change name of this game to FS17.1 and make FS19 better than this. Just use all revenue of this game as kickstarter for better game.
j2339	Not Recommended	9.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/j2339/	with having over 1000 hours in farming simulator 17 and enjoying every minute of it this game is so glitchy and broken that it shoudnt even be in the series. you have to try and bind keys 8 or 9 times and most of the time they still wont bind. trying to do bales and folding the rear bale for will control any bale in the area even ones accross the field. the caged bale trailer once you take pallets out wont move or will pull the pallets along with it and these are only some on the ones that we have found in this state i can not recomend this game it was a very rushed launch with little to now testing of any features.
CmK Mystery	Recommended	15.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/908240385623465087653478658/	I think this is a great game tons of tractors and tons of other stuff
Napoleon231187	Recommended	101.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/napoleon231187/	The good the bad and the Ugly This is the best way how the game is at the moment . Every game in the last few years has it hick ups but in FS I know they will work on it and fix it .The Good > Nice Graphic much better Job than in LS 17 > New Stuff like horses and cotton in base game without mods or dlc > It feel like ground , terran and wight have a bigger impact so you have to watch out what machine you use > Start from scratch build your own Farm where ever you want  Irealy love that a lot ( is there a way to creat paths or foundation at the moment my farm is build on a lot of grass )> sound massivly Improved > Rain Bug is mostly fixed> Multiplayer  Multiply Farms The bad  >issues with conection even with fiber conection and just 2 player there is like 1/2 up to 3 sec delay from time to time >Placing objects  on hill is a bit tricky > usfull equitment from FS 17 removed tracktor trailer and more The Ugly > as its look quality check have not picked up the sterring issue looking arround in the forum that issue seams to be for everyone an cause quit a bit issues> front loader and telscope are also effected slugy less response or to fast respons all in all if this issues get adress quickly and im sure they will be that game will have huge potential My wish for the follow up game a new game engine would be nice its feel like the engine reach its maxium of potential and will be a bottel neck
eelmore420	Not Recommended	1.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198800734551/	Well i want to say first off I am not a review writer. If you look at my profile you will see this is my first ever review on Steam. I want to warn people about buying this game thinking they are going to get what they had in FS17. I am a hardcore sim player with all kinds of controls (high end steering wheel, high end pedals, shifter, 2 button boxes, joy stick with throttle quad), and in FS17 i was able to use every single on and could easily custom map them to the controls i needed. In this interation of pretty much the same game i cant get hardly anything to map and when i do when i leave the game and come back everything resets to default. for me this is a huge problem and a deal breaker. I contacted support within 5 minutes of public release and still havent gotten as much as a generic auto reply. Hopefully in time they will fix this and i can change this to a positive review, but in the current state they are getting a huge thumbs down from me and i will be not be playing so i can return if things arent fixed in a timely manor.
ThesaurusPG	Recommended	36.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/thesaurusPG/	Pros:+ Schwer Zillo vollmaisa+ Wer Fendt fährt, führt+ Russische Hochtechnologie verfügbar (Rotselmash)+ Johnder dabeiCons:- Zwenig Felder zum Maisa- Ernteanimation weiterhin schwer lächerlichFazit: Besser als LS17.
ThesaurusPG	Recommended	36.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/thesaurusPG/	Pros:+ Schwer Zillo vollmaisa+ Wer Fendt fährt, führt+ Russische Hochtechnologie verfügbar (Rotselmash)+ Johnder dabeiCons:- Zwenig Felder zum Maisa- Ernteanimation weiterhin schwer lächerlichFazit: Besser als LS17.
Hughesy	Not Recommended	0.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198156797401/	Dissatisfied does not even start to describe my experiance with this game.When I went to pre order I checked the specs everything waa fine, the game downloaded fine. But then the gamw would not launch so you would think oh the support team wouls help. I made several attemps to get help from the support team and 90% of the attemps where ignored.I don't recommend that you buy the game and if you own it and are haveing problems with it then I recommend that you get a refund while you still can.
Hellrider	Not Recommended	33.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198006735294/	Product received for free
Rootle Snoot	Not Recommended	2.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/rootlesnoot/	Very dissapointed overall with the game. It has some pros but I found heavily out weighed by the cons. TLDR @ bottomPros:Large selection of tractorsPresonally I found it quite pretty with nice detail on the vehiclesI like the new plot system when buying a field, it felt more realistic giving you freedom to do as you wish with the land you own.Cons:Buggy, encountered lot of minor issues. dogs pathing poorly (it also looks terrible). When ploughing/ferilising my fields I found large patches in all my fields that simply would not accept the products unless i ran the equpiment at 90 degrees to my chosen path.Equipment is actually kinda limited, depsite being hundreds of different units, such as the only flatbed trailer is the first trailer avilable and you simply configure into a flatbed.  You also have clones of stuff such as the fendt/challanger tractor. Why?The streering is bad and takes far too long to set up to be comfortable to useBuilding placement it clunky and while you can remove the buildings it does not remove the altered ground or floor texture.The horses are just bad.Final thoughts:I think it has promise, it just feels like it has been rushed and released far too early. I think the modding comunity will love the game too but it shouldnt come down, once again to the community to fix the game and add the basic content and variance that the base game should have. I'd give it 6 months before buying it for bug fixes and decent mod content to come out before buying it.Current personal score:45/100.
specimanA	Not Recommended	29.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198036069352/	Too many disappointments to list, but basically, it is Farming Simulator 2017 with John Deere. There is no reason to recommend at full price unless maybe you are new to the series.
el_barzh	Not Recommended	2.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/hringriin/	As soon as I enable the Wheel/Gamepad in the options, there is a "ghost input" which acts as if I press the "up" arror continously. This make navigating through the menu extremely annoying, and not to mention unplayable.How the hell did this go through beta?And NO: I unplugged EVERY USB-Device and THEN I plugged in a mini-laptop-mouse to test, whether it comes from any of my devices. No, it doesn't.Combining the pedals, as many mentioned, does not help either. And not having to combine those pedals worked in FS17, so why would it not in FS19?The Mahindra Addon for Pre-Orderers is ... ugly. I did not go further as buying and driving this ... thing ... any further, due to my controller-issues, but ... no ...Here and there I read about a "Day-One-Patch", still missing it, though.And yes, not being able to play this game via Wheel/Pedals is a game-breaker to me.====================Edit: 2018-11-22:Well, the issue with the ghost input was due to some xInput Device, which I turned off in the device manager. Okay, my bad. Still not playable, though.The next issue is, that the game does not save my keybindings. I use a Thrustmaster T500RS which is labeled "B65E" for whatever reason in the game.The "funny" thing, though, is that if I change deadzone/sensivity settings for my TM, I see the following:Axis 0: Deadzone: 0.14 ; Sensivity: 1.00Axis 11: Deadzone: 0.14 ; Sensivity: 1.00Axis 12: Deadzone: 0.14 ; Sensivity: 1.00Axis 13: Deadzone: 0.14 ; Sensivity: 1.00It does absolutely not matter what changes I do, after saving the changes and restarting the game, the values I mentioned above are set again.Well, there is an inputBinding.xml file in Documents/my Games/FarmingSimulator19 which contains those values. Well, sort of, only axis 0 is listed here.If I add axis 11 to 13 and do whatever with the values, e.g. setting the deadzone to 0, the game only notices it for axis 12 and 13. After just closing the game, the lines for axis 11 to 13 are removed from the xml file.Still a gamebreaker, BECAUSE I HAVE TO PLAY WITH DEFAULT BINDINGS ... Got about 90 minutes of play time. If the bug-tracker forum (buahahahah xD ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t -_-) does not reply within the next two days, I'll order a refund.This sucks as well, because this report will vanish from steam -_-====================Edit 2: The support answered within minutes, after mentioning plans to refund the game ... interesting. Anyway, there is a fix in development and will be released "soon".
silentmountain	Not Recommended	11.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198068689069/	the graphics and the new land parcel system is nice but some combines are wheel slipping and there are many bugs that need to be resolved. there are also less vehicles and implements than 17 i cannot recommend this game at the moment it needs a lot of fixing/patching
kelrod	Recommended	100.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198218147329/	I think this is one of the best improvements on the series and a step in the right direction. I don't understand those complaining about not starting with enough. This is a simulation game and it's going to aim to be as realistic as possible. If you just want to start out with a bunch of equipment/land there is an easy mode which allows you to do that. I really enjoy how in FS19 it is up to you to build your farm as you see fit. You can specialize right from the start instead of being pigeonholed like in previous versions. You also start off with no loan, which is a nice change as you don't have to worry about starting with negative income because of loan interest. Graphics are a decent improvement with certain animations being much better than in previous versions. Overall I'd say it's a big upgrade from previous installments.Edit: One thing that I think should be changed is the price of the Animal Pens. The base prices are fine but the cost for 'land deformation' is rather ridiculous.
philltrav	Not Recommended	0.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198871182272/	NO SOUND!!!
Leddagger16	Not Recommended	1.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Leddagger16/	I honestly can't recommend the game at this point, mainly because it doesn't function completely. When I launch the game the intro is just a black screen and after getting past that, I have no audio. Apparently the game doesn't support 7.1. Even after I verified I don' t have surround sound enabled, I still have the issue. Numerous others are having the same issue. I really want to like this game or maybe even play it, but for now, I can't recommend it.
Nava11c	Not Recommended	32.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198028819370/	Great Improvement from Farming Simulator 17 as far as Graphics and how more lively Everything is BUT its Buggy for sure especially Logging, Log Forks don't grab as good as FS17 and it Glitches a lot more too. Definitely needs improvment but still a good game. For those tempted to buy, Just wait a few months because there's no mods out yet either so Give it some time before you buy it.
Cedrik	Recommended	16.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/cedrik1995/	Great game, nice to see John Deere machinary ingame.
qarimbas	Recommended	32.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/qarimbas/	Nice game
lodewijk [NL}	Not Recommended	21.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198008249200/	what a shame, it seems that this is just the 6th copy of farming simulator 08 with minor improvements here and there, the only real improvments i see is an increased ammount of vegitation with decent textures, and an overall graphical upgrade, altough in some cases this isnt really visible at all, even though im running the game on its absolute max settings.the bad things, the harvestable crops still look absolutely horrid, the texture on them has always been and still is ugly.still no force feed back, for forcefeedback controllers. and it still maps your controller to everything! so instead of jumping in and playing, youll be spinning around and walking sideway's without you touching anything (also already a problem since farming simulator 08)the driving ''simulation'' is well the same as it has always been in this engine, unresponsive, togheter with the non existing physics simulation on things like the tires suspension etc etc. this makes driving feel bland and boring after a short while, as it did with every previous farming simulator.no dynamic ground again, eventhough games like Spin Tires, or Cattle And Crops, simulate that flawlessly, both studios with a much smaller budget.overall it seems like it is just another slight reskin of the previous version, with some new brands crops and animals. to me it still plays and feels the same as farming simulator 08, and after 6 reskins of that game, im kinda done. if the next itteration of the game doesnt bring some significant changes to the engine, then im out and done with this title.we are going to need a little bit more then  "we fixed rain going trough the roofs" especially if that is something modders had already fixed in farming sim 08
duniber	Not Recommended	6.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/duniber/	I hoped FS17 turned fab, I hoped FS19 turned fab, and now I just hope FS21 turns fab. IT'S THE SAME GAME, brings me back to '09.
panzerkiller13	Recommended	12.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Panzerkiller13/	I will continue to update my review as the game is tweaked and I get more experience with it. Here goes!I've been playing FS since FS2009 when bale stackers weren't even a thing and you had to remove rocks from your field. So far, my experience with FS19 has been good, but not exactly what I expected. It's a good game, don't get me wrong, but some things just feel a little off compared to FS17 so far. I didn't get that feeling when going from FS11>FS13>FS17, which is why I feel its worth mentioning. The lighting is new and neat, but sometimes it feels a little too glowy and fuzzy compared to the more neutral and sharp lighting of past games. One thing I tried tonight that i definitely was NOT a fan of was the reworked chainsaws. The sounds are not configured correctly so going from idle to revving will sound very choppy and weird, and the transition as you begin to cut a log and "move" the saw in front of you feels very broken and awkward. This becomes even more of an issue when you are trying to walk along the felled trees and limb them and your saw goes crazy!Constructable farms: it's a cool concept, but at this stage still feels kinda awkwardin 19.  FS17 offered a good amount of this and might have actually offered a larger variety of different placeable sheds and etc, so it's not as much of an improvement as I was hoping it would be. Maps: These new maps are pretty highly detailed, but a lot of areas just feel overly crammed and small compared to Westbridge Hills or Sosnovka from FS17. I would have liked to have one map that was more like those, or an updated version of them, and then have another map that's more laid out like these new ones, but that's just my preference.
BigShadow	Not Recommended	3.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198159298958/	Am a massive fan of the Farming Sim franchise  but I regret to say I am disappointed in this FS19 product release in its current state. Missing essential ingame items ,machinery / equipment . Not as fan of the new crop symbology nor the lack of infomation on some quests Poor quality Map with limited information and the inability to port around to investigate. Graphics are currently not up to the hype even after tweaking settings With that said   I do like the principles being applied where you purchase land blocks not just the fields  and can only work on land you own ie Mowing, forrestry etc.  A quick look at the set up for multi player shows great potential I will certainly be watching to see if fixes / improvements  are applied over the next month or so and will reconsider re purchasing it then . The price is too high for the game.      
🎮Wusiwug™ [STM]	Recommended	51.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/scanetwork/	The first look is awesome. Maybe some lil bugs are still there. But with a few fixes, this would become the Game of the Year.
LARRY$JUST GONNA SEND IT	Recommended	10.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198151245997/	This game is a nice upgrade new map graphics are better the people that complain about problems are incompitant at using a personal computer. I hope that they can understand that Master-Race will only be used by the best. Thank you Giants and i hope these peasnts leave you alone. P.S if you hate this game go play xbox :P
marcus99661	Recommended	17.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/marcus99661/	Greatest game in Farming Simulator series. Better graphics than before
thetimeowner	Recommended	23.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198300063099/	Best game ever!
elderado	Recommended	53.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198116719509/	I see great potential in this game once they work out the kinks and the gaming community mods start arriving.OK, i started with the own nothing, little money mod (ya, I'm a masochist).  $500,00 cool.  I need to buy land, $210,00 at empty farm, Hmmmm.  Ok how much to buy farm house?  $350,000.  What the heck???   I'll be eating Ramen noodles for a year and i still have no tractor or tools.  Why cant they offer a trailer or something cheaper?  Bought  a tractor , front loader and pallet fork (that will get you thru the first delivery contracts, cant find locations?, get in tractor and bring up map ' 9' locations will be shown). Seems to be a bug, when you lease items to fulfill contract the items remain, use them for future contracts.Since i don't want to spend $ for a $350,000 house i drove around in my tractor till i found i nice house i would like to live in.  Owned by a nice Asian couple who spoke no English.  Walked in to a spare bedroom with my suitcase, they are to polite to complain, guess i have a place to crash.If you take contract for field 8, do not wait til harvester is full, cant seem to empty into trailer, must go to grain elevator to unload.Also icons at garage to sell or change your inventory do not work yet.Looking foreword to patches.  Must go Yu Yan seems agitated about something, I'm guessing its supper.  Nite all.
rlampert1	Recommended	19.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198093431388/	I am reading alot of negative reviews and that is okay but are most warranted? I think what is tripping up many people is they forget this is the base game with no mods. I remember FS17 when it first came out and the reviews were the same. After hundreds of mods coming into FS17 it made it seem more robust. Now we are back to the base game in FS19 so I think many need to give it time and they will see the game expand greatly.Farming Sim is by far my most favorite game and I am excited to see the changes Giants has made and look forward to all of the great mods the modders will be producing.Give it time everyone. I think you will see that this game will become your most favorite.Great job Giants!!
Misty_Squeak	Recommended	18.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198041125143/	You might hear some people say this is a terrible farming simulator by giants, but it is really their best one yet, for an example crops bending inform of your tires. And yes there might not be a flatbed trailer just used the caged bale trailer it is fun getting ng the things to the other side of the trailer. Definitely get it is the best fs game I have play yet, you can buy your own chickens!! Like in fs15 
xXx	Recommended	20.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197986522779/	I like it! the new graphics seem fresh there is alot of new content!8/10i would recomend that you buy this game if you have a good pc that can run high settings.I'm running on highest settings with a 4gb 1050ti oc.pros: -new graphics are amazing-building your own farm wherever you want is great!-new contract mode is awesome.-the game comes to life in the dark with all the lights and particle effects!cons:-i had expected some kind of courseplay in the base game or better ai like "tractor x with implement x go to field 9 for fieldwork" -seasons standard implemented-ability to make either concrete or dirt textures or even roads so you can realy make your own farms instead of using the one spot on the map.
Mr Xus	Recommended	22.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mr_xus/	Never really got into 17, loved 15. This one is such a leap forwrds. Very much enjoying the option to become any type of farmer.
CptTeabag	Recommended	79.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198002547209/	Multiplayer is what I had hoped to see this time around! Great improvements and smoother gameplay then 17. Well worth the money!
lethalrusty	Not Recommended	18.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198078092071/	i lit the diffeculty setting s on it but i dont like the steerign on it i can get the hang of the steering. i dont like that it fells like ther is no power steering on the tractor's. but in time i might get use to the steering. as for the help you hire dont block them ever by mistake as the will just quit there job and leave. also the header of the combine gets stuck on everylittle bump in the feild. i've trun 19 off and went back to 17
Savageangel	Not Recommended	2.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198058393595/	Setting up a wheel or joystick should not require this much effort.....
Poppa Pimpin	Recommended	28.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198040446853/	Basically Farm SIm 17 updated and improved alot!! If you want to run a farm, look no further to the king of them!
Raider1008	Recommended	41.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198255378608/	I only have a handful of hours into the game yet, but as someone who enjoyed a casual play of FS17, I have to say I thoroughly enjoy it.
Grimloc	Recommended	36.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198003485080/	The best Farming Sim is the first one if everyone didn't know that. Yes, I mean 2008. Again with more negative reviews about how this is just a mod for 17 and that was a mod for 15 and it was a mod for 13 and on and on, even though they'll probably log 1k+ hrs into this one(don't forget to throw in splash comments about how something little in the new version is better). The funny thing is if you look at most saying that, thier initial review of the previous game was the same. It's like a broken record with each new release. This is a solid game. Don't bash it with a negative review just because it doesn't play exactly like the last installment. Isn't that the idea anyway? The "no snap" keyboard steering takes a little getting used to, but once you figure it out it's really not that bad. Just stop playing tractor race and slow down for a second to pay attention where your heading(your probably over steering back and forth Mr/Mrs "sluggish control" neg review people) . The faster your going the faster the steer tires straighten back out, like in real life(get your realism out of my simulator, huh?) sitting still they're not gonna move. So far really liking the feel of 19, and agree that once the mod community sinks thier teeth in this is really going to be a super fun time.
Soldier12131	Recommended	32.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Soldier12131/	I have playedgames from Giants Software for years. I believe this game has come a long way, Great new game with amazing graphics even on low settings. I cant wait to see what you have for us in the coming years Giants Software, 
ZipTie	Recommended	37.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198164773737/	Best farming series ever!
Fred Ferguson	Recommended	30.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/xPrivateone1337/	+1
NugSmasher	Not Recommended	8.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198017342255/	I sure wish I could give a valid gameplay review. That being said, this is a game about driving farm equipment. You drive farm equipment with a steering wheel, gas pedal and brake. The only problem is the game has many issues with lots of people unable to use steering wheel and pedals. These items worked fine in FS17. How could something as basic as the driving controls be all messed up from FS17 to FS19.I can get things to work with my saitek side panel if I use Keyboard and mouse to drive but I should not have to do that. I hate having to pay money to be a Beta tester. We lost so many good things from FS17 for what?...The ability to ride a horse and see some birds flying around?? And some John Deere equipment which we could already get with mods from FS17...I cant even get a refund because I spent over 2 hours in game trying to get things to work.BIG Disappointment so far.... Will update if things get fixed...so far the only response from Giants is a post about mods being available now....Geez how about fixing the core game before you start selling DLC and crap.
[EDIM] Chazz	Recommended	47.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Chaz11223/	Not sure why there's such negetive feedback about this game. What more can you want? It's great.Only thing I don't like about this game are the shadows are really glitchy for me, also the draw distance is a bit low. Other than that it's great.
Raskoljnikov92	Recommended	66.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198094534109/	Product received for free
Vr22s	Recommended	29.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Vr22s/	<generic vague review>If you're on the fence with this game....Well if you've played prior versions of this game, it's pretty similar to those with the obvious small changes from game to game. You're either going to like it or you wont.If you've liked previous version, you're going to like this one. Its worth while to add it to your library.</generic vague review>
LordVikron	Recommended	8.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/LordVikron/	If you love farming and fs17/fs15. This is just a lot better version of both! Yes, I already found bugs, but I am sure it is easy to repair with some mods. I recommend this af
NugSmasher	Not Recommended	8.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198017342255/	I sure wish I could give a valid gameplay review. That being said, this is a game about driving farm equipment. You drive farm equipment with a steering wheel, gas pedal and brake. The only problem is the game has many issues with lots of people unable to use steering wheel and pedals. These items worked fine in FS17. How could something as basic as the driving controls be all messed up from FS17 to FS19.I can get things to work with my saitek side panel if I use Keyboard and mouse to drive but I should not have to do that. I hate having to pay money to be a Beta tester. We lost so many good things from FS17 for what?...The ability to ride a horse and see some birds flying around?? And some John Deere equipment which we could already get with mods from FS17...I cant even get a refund because I spent over 2 hours in game trying to get things to work.BIG Disappointment so far.... Will update if things get fixed...so far the only response from Giants is a post about mods being available now....Geez how about fixing the core game before you start selling DLC and crap.
[EDIM] Chazz	Recommended	47.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Chaz11223/	Not sure why there's such negetive feedback about this game. What more can you want? It's great.Only thing I don't like about this game are the shadows are really glitchy for me, also the draw distance is a bit low. Other than that it's great.
Raskoljnikov92	Recommended	66.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198094534109/	Product received for free
Vr22s	Recommended	29.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Vr22s/	<generic vague review>If you're on the fence with this game....Well if you've played prior versions of this game, it's pretty similar to those with the obvious small changes from game to game. You're either going to like it or you wont.If you've liked previous version, you're going to like this one. Its worth while to add it to your library.</generic vague review>
LordVikron	Recommended	8.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/LordVikron/	If you love farming and fs17/fs15. This is just a lot better version of both! Yes, I already found bugs, but I am sure it is easy to repair with some mods. I recommend this af
CuCu4CocoaPuffs	Recommended	47.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198066479511/	6.5 hours so far. Already hopelessly addicted.
The Milk Man	Not Recommended	38.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198027685627/	cant even join a server with my friends, its just stuck on loading screens.finally got to play, couple hours in i did a quick restart and back to the loading screen forever ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. servers are busted
HumbleCanoe2	Not Recommended	2.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197992916199/	Yet again the controller setup and configuration is an epic fail. "just plug it in and go", "works perfect for me", "no issues here"...good for you consider yourself lucky. It is recognizing Playstaion controllers (I have never owned one) and force assigning key command to equipment that isn't even hooked to my computer...and NO WAY to control it. Fresh install with nothing but an xbox controller and it it forcing sidepanel, wheel, and a PS controller. 2 hours in the menu and still can't even walk forward or back. FAIL
✦Razvan!✦	Recommended	19.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/rzv97/	Although it's not exactly what I expected, I recommend it, hopefully there will be upgrades with multiple landmarksNote 8/10
Libs	Not Recommended	12.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198074420383/	How do you release a game that has even worse AI than the previous game? i honestly don't understand how it can be so hard to make proper AI, that doesn't run into things, that doesn't skip a whole 5 rows when ploughing, that doesn't know how to stop at the end of a row and turn around properly into a new row without doing 10 different turns that are completely not needed and a waste of time. In the short time I have played, this is really the only thing that grinds my gears, but it is a big problem, and dont give me that bs about "they fix everything after like the first month" that is why we have (early access) that is also why you have people test a game before it is released. I hope I'm not the only one who is this mad about AI being dumb as a pile of rocks.
Libs	Not Recommended	12.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198074420383/	How do you release a game that has even worse AI than the previous game? i honestly don't understand how it can be so hard to make proper AI, that doesn't run into things, that doesn't skip a whole 5 rows when ploughing, that doesn't know how to stop at the end of a row and turn around properly into a new row without doing 10 different turns that are completely not needed and a waste of time. In the short time I have played, this is really the only thing that grinds my gears, but it is a big problem, and dont give me that bs about "they fix everything after like the first month" that is why we have (early access) that is also why you have people test a game before it is released. I hope I'm not the only one who is this mad about AI being dumb as a pile of rocks.
Railgun of Science	Recommended	19.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/somescientificrailgun/	Better physics, tractors have unique sounds, cotton and oats added.For 60 fps at max graphics 1080p i'd recommend at least an FX6300 stock clock paired with a 1060 3GB.Current game install actual size it sitting at 10.1 GB.Graphics are fanstastic. Haven't had any issues with crashing.Only bug i did have was not being able to remove the header from the header trailer on the small john deere harvester.No serious game breaking bugs.Horse farming.Tried to rob train with horse. Didn't work obviously.Red Farm Redemption.
ADF-Snake	Recommended	46.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197994486693/	Brilliant game. I love it a lot more than the previous entry. So much to do and it looks gorgeous. Plays smooth and all the different machines are very cool. Especially using the Cotton Harvester is quite fun.
travisalumbaugh81	Not Recommended	10.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198160946955/	Game is junk freezes every time you try to attach equipment together. The only way to reset the game is to shut the computer all the way down. Emailed the company and nobody answers you.
Hammie	Recommended	17.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198021299387/	Very nice game, really a good follow up on FS17. Offcourse it has some bugs since it is the day off the release. They do need to fix the steering wheel support. Love too see the mods roll in the next few months :)
Slightly Gone Off Bread	Not Recommended	0.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SlightlyGoneOffBread/	Mutiplayer dont work fam, get your♥♥♥♥♥♥♥together
Pushok	Recommended	1.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/andrewnaline/	I have 1000+ hours in FS17 and after playing an hour in FS19 it looks great to me! As been said by many, it's not a revolution, but physics feel undoubtedly more realistic and the graphics (you get 99% what you see on screenshots) is running smoothly on 3-year old hardware. Although I really like the game, I wouldn't recomend it now: wait for Courseplay, Seasons, VehicleGroupSwitch or whatever you've been used to.
rednax	Not Recommended	1.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/rednax226/	buggy, glitchy, laggy and unpolished game, dont buy this game until they release a patch or two. i've only played for an hour, and i've already had 4 crashes.
splosh	Not Recommended	11.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198104582253/	This game seemed alot better than FS17 at fist but It keeps crashing wenever I tab through vehicles and I cant change the camera view.
Wild Bros	Not Recommended	7.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ridgethegamerdude/	I can't wait for a decent developer to buy out Giants. This game, like all Farming Simulators, is broken and will probably never be fixed.
Mortulf	Recommended	5.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kaddern/	Nice game!But cant turn around in vehicles, help?
Nate7838	Recommended	19.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198178586042/	This game is spectacular! I actually had to wait until later last night to purchase the game, and only got a little time in on it, but so far it's amazing. Imagine FS17, and then stop. This game has so many new, and/or improved aspects that it makes it feel brand new. Some people may dislike the new controls, but I personally feel that only time will allow adjustment for die hard FS fans. Thank you so much to the game creators for yet another great Farming Simulator!
jmiles123	Recommended	20.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jmiles123/	just face it Giants Software has the very best in  farming simulators from 2001-2019 i have play the lates  fs19 is great i love the lates updates. there is so munch i love a about this lates game fs/19
BiTMAP	Recommended	62.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/BiTMAP/	The game runs way better then FS17 for me, sitting at 60FPS on high+ with a 5 year old mid level PC. It looks great, yeah plants in the distance are still not amazing, but better then FS17 and still pretty acceptable. The physics are definitely improved and less sillybusiness with logs and bales. The new maps are both very well detailed and layed out, lots of interesting and fun fields to farm. They have topology and not just flat now! Tractor models look great, sounds are amazing, driving feels great on keyboard or controller or with wheel. Multiplayer improvements for multifarms and not losing your money when disconnected + having actual admin controls built in are awesome.Can barely wait for a couple of the big mods like seasons to be ported over, but as is it is a ton of fun!
\/\/o5t3	Recommended	12.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/StevoSRB7/	👌👌🖒🖒🖒
Firevly	Recommended	16.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/firevly/	If you play this, you know it's less a "game" but also a ton of "work". Get to know the machines, the different crops and all this stuff. But if you are willing to put some time into it and and like "very slow" paced gameplay, you are right here!
Crodun	Recommended	39.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/crodun/	I have played every farm sim since 2011, and I never post reviews but in this case a lot of people are complaining about things that have been known and the community requested for a long time or have options to disable functions. It is not fair to judge a game because you didn't read. There are some legitimate issues I have seen with supporting external devices but don't let play style issues sway you. It is a farming simulator, it fits perfectly with the natural progression of every farming simulator they have ever made. It has a wonderful core system that modders will love. You have for the first time ever complete control of your farm something that has never been available before.As far vehicles and placables It is not and was not intended that everything be available from day one. That is one of the things that makes the game great is that you have nearly an endless supply of mods you will be able to pick from to do exactly the things you want to do.
Wargene	Recommended	15.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198079957733/	Let start things off from the top, 90% of these negative reviews don't actually have much to do with the the features of the game but with people being unable to run the game at high settings as well as being extremely whiny. I played for a little over 5 hours last night and i can't say i had many issues via the graphics or freezing or whatever. Two, people are complaining about how you have to start out with little money and actually buy all the land.....OMG NO WAY WHAT? Who woulda thought in a simulator youd actually have to buy anything, good god people wine a lot.By now most of the haters and winers have stopped reading this review so now its just for all those people that actually want to know how the game is..So whats good about this?- Graphics, the graphics in this game is the biggest aspect of this FS. They have improved expontentially from the texture quality to the shaders everything. Yes this means you need a little better system to run at full settings and expereince it. - Vehicles, there are loads of vehicles to choose from, many different brands, different types of vehicles and so much more. As well as the handling seems so much more real, it takes time to accelerate and deaccelerate. When you turn the wheel it doesnt jolt right back to forward when you let go. It all seems much more real.- Store, i think the store UI is so much better, you can actually see a 3D preview of the tractor or equipment before you buy it, as well as you can actually see the modifcations you make to it so your not just guessing what it looks like. When you can see what a double wheel setup looks like or thin wheels, it makes assurance that what your looking at is what your getting.- Farming Mechanics, the way they have changed the way you farm is very interesting indeed. When you are in first person your tractor actually bumps up and down, your seat moves with the bumps it all seems more real. When you harvest and the chaff is flowing out the back it changes the tint of the ground becasue of the dust. Birds come and eat at your seed after you sow, it all seems so real.Whats not so good?Maps, currently only 2 default maps in the game and they arent that good for being able to make a farm as there isnt really any good space to start an area, or forestry for that matter, but mods will definetly help this. Ground Modifications, i find it crazy after this long you still can change what the ground is like you cant change from grass to pavement or gravel. It makes making a farm pretty hard as you need to make a road yourself with a plow and cultivating which works but not the most opurtune.All in all the game IS a improvement in the last in many ways, those who say its the same game probably don't have the computer power to run at high settings and are just winy and picking at every little thing (keep in mind most of these negative reviews have played for less than an hour and havent even experienced the game). The game will only get better as mods come out and you can change the game a little more. I don't see myself ever going back to 17 as the graphics and gameplay in 19 are far superior. I highly reccomend the game and it is an improvement and will be playing for hours and hours.Happy Farming!
Benwick	Recommended	12.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/benwick/	GAMEPLAY:I'm very pleased with this game. It does a very good job of building off of FS17.There are a few things that do take some getting used to:1: The driving feels very different because the stearing is much slower. This makes the vehicles feel much more realistic. If you don't like this, you can change it in settings.2: The store is organized differently.3: A vehicles horsepower actually matters. No longer can a tiny tractor pull a masive tipper. Also, hills will make pulling more difficult.PERFORMANCEI am playing this on my laptop and I have had no issues.  (My laptop has a GTX 1050 ti)
Mumsy	Recommended	68.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198139560564/	New to this series of games, yes whilst there are bugs games only been out for a few days so I'm sure they'll be ironed out soon enough.
Lyagushka	Recommended	48.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Lyagushka44/	I LOve ThIs gAmE sO MUcH!!!! I Love the graphics and customization to the tractors. Love the new aditions to the FS Series!
husselljeremy	Recommended	40.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198407869706/	the new farming simulator 19 is lot more better i love the game i do recommend the game big time
Riley2142	Not Recommended	1.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Riley2142/	FS17 with a new name.
NannaMB	Not Recommended	1.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Nannamb/	I would not recomend this game. I have asked for a refund.To many bugs, (i have experienced my tractor flips 4 times, without any reason) The steering is not working very well and it's like there is a 1-3 sec delay on it, and sometimes it dosnt responds at all. The mechanics seems a bit off and dosnt feel anyway close to realistic for me.  The new content feels like it's half done and arent that exciting at all. The game isnt worth the price, in it's current state.  
stephg33	Recommended	25.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198362341133/	This is a big step up from FS17 in many ways. The physics are a lot better, vehicles feel "heavy", the steering is improved greatly, the wheels no longer move around independantly of the axle, the seat suspension looks great and the graphics are improved. As always they have addded heaps of new vehicles and even more customisation to play with as well. Can't wait until the mods start coming out for FS19 to make it even better.
Canibalis Rex	Recommended	17.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/CanibalisRex/	It is not bad. There are a lot of negative reviews and that's ok. Everybody has a right to their own opinion. But for me, I have played several versions of this game and am still quite pleased with it. As with any release these days there are issues. Ideally this should not happen but with the magnitude of different hardware out there I wonder if it is avoidable. And that is not even getting into software conflicts.As to the game, it runs fine for me so knock on wood. It has a few issues that need resolving and others that will be fixed with mods no doubt but so far it has been enjoyable. I am too early in to really comment on how different or more advanced it is. Although I do feel some of the vehicles and scenery act a little odd. The shrubs and bushes when driven over do this weird animation that looks like they are cardboard signs falling over and raising up again. But beyond that so far so good.
Mountain_Sage	Recommended	47.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197994287206/	The upgraded engine looks great, especially the details with lights and nighttime.  It took some of the most popular mods like crop destruction (which you can turn off if you want) and implemented them into the game.  It also introduced new mechanics like the need for lime.All the tractors and equipments are much more detailed on the inside and outside, and you can now see the tractors before you buy them and what the customization options will do.Everything feels like it loads faster and the new maps are great.For multiplayer, you can now do missions and you can also leave the mission area without messing it up.If you liked FS17, you'll like this upgraded version.
stokz treeface	Recommended	18.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/memass123/	For old fs players: if you believe perfection is in the detail, get it. Thats the strong impression it gives from from the moment you get in.I can also understand why this is getting mixed reviews.. because 95% of this game is exactly fs17. Its the same game. With an immense details buff everwhere you look.There's probably also an issue that this game was hyped before release and because of the same game effect doesn't hit the expectations on first impressions.My highlights and lowlights are:- The level of detail in the maps makes me very excited for mods and the included maps are decent finally.- The lighting improvements are just above subtle but amazing when you notice it.- A subjective problem from fs17 is carried over, i think cabin muffling of the audio is way to strong and you lose the beautiful sounds of the engines and equipment, some people like to hear this.- The start from scratch mode, the main feature i was looking forward to, is not satisfying at all. You do start with a bunch of money.. but not enough to buy anything decent with so you're left not poor either but in this limbo state doing contracting which won't progress you in a meaningful way. I would have prefered a more established farm with hardly anything.. or a cut down easy mode rather than limbo. You don't even have a house! It feels very disconnected to the RP like premise it implies.Anyway, from having done fair time in fs15 and fs17 am i going to keep it? Hell yeah. I like details.PS. The square bale wrapper from the kuhn DLC looks like its in. Thankyou.
Alvera	Recommended	18.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/alveramew/	Product received for free
Greywolf	Not Recommended	0.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198259167875/	FS 17 is the first game I played of this series and have a couple of hundred hours in it love it. Because of the game play of FS 17 I preordered FS 19 with goose bumps! I watched several streamers on Twitch play Riverport in FS 19 waiting for my download. The first thing I noticed in the streams was the lack of detail in the harvesters most of them were more boxed shape squares. The traactors also appeared to have less detail. This was not the case in FS 17. The next thing I noticed was the number of sell places for crops had been reduced. The next thing I noticed was the fields. There were a couple of big ones but over all the number of fields appeared to be reduced. I got my download and spent 30 minutes in game. The Graphics is alot better however I think Giants cut too many corners in other areas. I submitted for a refund on Steam. I will wait untill I can buy the game for 15.00 bucks ( that is all I think it is worth ) and turn to the real FS series pros the Modders to get the game this should have been.
stokz treeface	Recommended	18.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/memass123/	For old fs players: if you believe perfection is in the detail, get it. Thats the strong impression it gives from from the moment you get in.I can also understand why this is getting mixed reviews.. because 95% of this game is exactly fs17. Its the same game. With an immense details buff everwhere you look.There's probably also an issue that this game was hyped before release and because of the same game effect doesn't hit the expectations on first impressions.My highlights and lowlights are:- The level of detail in the maps makes me very excited for mods and the included maps are decent finally.- The lighting improvements are just above subtle but amazing when you notice it.- A subjective problem from fs17 is carried over, i think cabin muffling of the audio is way to strong and you lose the beautiful sounds of the engines and equipment, some people like to hear this.- The start from scratch mode, the main feature i was looking forward to, is not satisfying at all. You do start with a bunch of money.. but not enough to buy anything decent with so you're left not poor either but in this limbo state doing contracting which won't progress you in a meaningful way. I would have prefered a more established farm with hardly anything.. or a cut down easy mode rather than limbo. You don't even have a house! It feels very disconnected to the RP like premise it implies.Anyway, from having done fair time in fs15 and fs17 am i going to keep it? Hell yeah. I like details.PS. The square bale wrapper from the kuhn DLC looks like its in. Thankyou.
Alvera	Recommended	18.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/alveramew/	Product received for free
Greywolf	Not Recommended	0.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198259167875/	FS 17 is the first game I played of this series and have a couple of hundred hours in it love it. Because of the game play of FS 17 I preordered FS 19 with goose bumps! I watched several streamers on Twitch play Riverport in FS 19 waiting for my download. The first thing I noticed in the streams was the lack of detail in the harvesters most of them were more boxed shape squares. The traactors also appeared to have less detail. This was not the case in FS 17. The next thing I noticed was the number of sell places for crops had been reduced. The next thing I noticed was the fields. There were a couple of big ones but over all the number of fields appeared to be reduced. I got my download and spent 30 minutes in game. The Graphics is alot better however I think Giants cut too many corners in other areas. I submitted for a refund on Steam. I will wait untill I can buy the game for 15.00 bucks ( that is all I think it is worth ) and turn to the real FS series pros the Modders to get the game this should have been.
Mortulf	Recommended	5.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kaddern/	Nice game!But cant turn around in vehicles, help?
Nate7838	Recommended	19.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198178586042/	This game is spectacular! I actually had to wait until later last night to purchase the game, and only got a little time in on it, but so far it's amazing. Imagine FS17, and then stop. This game has so many new, and/or improved aspects that it makes it feel brand new. Some people may dislike the new controls, but I personally feel that only time will allow adjustment for die hard FS fans. Thank you so much to the game creators for yet another great Farming Simulator!
jmiles123	Recommended	20.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jmiles123/	just face it Giants Software has the very best in  farming simulators from 2001-2019 i have play the lates  fs19 is great i love the lates updates. there is so munch i love a about this lates game fs/19
BiTMAP	Recommended	62.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/BiTMAP/	The game runs way better then FS17 for me, sitting at 60FPS on high+ with a 5 year old mid level PC. It looks great, yeah plants in the distance are still not amazing, but better then FS17 and still pretty acceptable. The physics are definitely improved and less sillybusiness with logs and bales. The new maps are both very well detailed and layed out, lots of interesting and fun fields to farm. They have topology and not just flat now! Tractor models look great, sounds are amazing, driving feels great on keyboard or controller or with wheel. Multiplayer improvements for multifarms and not losing your money when disconnected + having actual admin controls built in are awesome.Can barely wait for a couple of the big mods like seasons to be ported over, but as is it is a ton of fun!
\/\/o5t3	Recommended	12.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/StevoSRB7/	👌👌🖒🖒🖒
|tb|Brutal	Recommended	108.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197970901679/	While not perfect it is still a step up.  The graphics are great and nicely improved.  The ai is still just about as dumb as before.  The part that I am disappointed in is the fact that some of the mods like gps and courseplay are not a part of the game.  Some of these mods feel like essential mods that just make the quality of life in the game so much better.  It is time for giants to step up and add them to the game themselves and not be relying on modders to make these additions to the game.
Firevly	Recommended	16.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/firevly/	If you play this, you know it's less a "game" but also a ton of "work". Get to know the machines, the different crops and all this stuff. But if you are willing to put some time into it and and like "very slow" paced gameplay, you are right here!
YUCH CAT	Not Recommended	0.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198190961054/	This game is not one i would recomend over its older sibling Farming simulator 2017 just because this game is that game but just with a graphics boost and it really isnt a very good one, i would recomend that you go buy farming simulator 2017
ShoGun	Not Recommended	15.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/alepholic/	i will keep updating this comment laterthis is my ffirst FS game,but can i saysooo many glitch, freeze. OMG. serriously
Josey Whales	Not Recommended	20.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/thejoseywhales/	Sad to see such a buggy release from these guys.  I have bought ever version since FS11 and never had issues.  I can't even sit down to play this version due to issues such as unable to unload at silo, jitters, and other problems.  I am sure they will be fixed eventually, but I honestly expected more.
Hubcap	Recommended	35.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198192162903/	Game is locked at 60 FPS even though V Sync is off
snoopg25	Recommended	43.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/snoopg25/	 attention everyone there will be another update it seems like the running lights in the vehical do not turn on please fix this issue farming simulator 19
rhysbrookin	Recommended	31.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198024614094/	like 17 but better
Aristocles	Recommended	5.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197985507378/	Only played a few hours so far, but love the basics, and find a relaxing simulator game like this is a nice change from the fast paced deathmatch FPS I normally play.  Still exploring the mechanics and the gameplay, but really enjoy what I have seen so far.  I may change my opinion after more time in, but not disappointed yet!
RADIATED103	Recommended	37.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/somewhatradiated/	First thing I would like to say is that I think the game is great so far from what I've played. It is much better then the last one where they had a limit on how much you were allowed to own on equipment and buildings. I like what they have done allowing us to actually place are animals anywhere we want to on the map as well as allowing us to build our own farm from the ground up.  I think they'll finally adding horses was very well needed to the game and it was a welcome sight. I have played every Farming Simulator game that they have ever made and by far this is the best. Not to mention I have played it on both Xbox and PC on most of their games. ADDRESSING NEGATIVE REVIEWSI would also like to say most people who are complaining about the driving ability and other things in the game can easily be fixed all they have to do is go into their settings in the game option and change certain things and that debunks most people who are complaining about the game!So nice work devs
dan_spal	Not Recommended	61.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198197217726/	A real shame. Big fan of FS, I was looking forward to a new sequel and pre-purchased it. But it is nothing but one huge disappointment:1 - Forget the animals. The troughs will miraculously fill by themselves. You supply the feed only once. No point playing. It is beyond me how could they release the game with such a major and obvious flaw.2 - Loading/unloading/refilling - unlike FS 17, you have to stand by and watch (in most cases). Plain silly.3 - Hay/grass loading wagon can no longer hire driver. (using the smallest  windrower)4 - Buying/selling animals - endless clicking, no way to enter a number. Same with borrowing money.5 - No point to bother with tedders or windrowers. Just put a tiny bit of hay in the loading wagon and collect grass. It will become all hay.And so on and on, glitches, mistakes and changes for the worse from 17, the game even briefly freezes occasionally, which never happened in 17. So for 35 dollars you get two maps and (worthless) horses. If the developer had a bit of decency, they would at least give owners of FS17 half or more off. But they basically cashed in and gave the fans and modders the finger. They are selling untested product showing negligence and absence of care. This release actually borders on false advertising. The promised "best graphics ever" is actually worse than in 17. There is NOT ONE single improvement. Pathetic.If you have FS17, don't even think about buying.
Jekyll	Recommended	16.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/outlawdm/	its ok few bugs but improved
andrew79017	Recommended	2.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198823165231/	Amazing game, great graphics, huge variety of machinery and animals. would recommend, for sure
Mr X	Recommended	34.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198028513363/	I like it
Rodent	Recommended	33.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198025845869/	no sound at all...not using headset....anyone else having trouble? pls help
sandrino783	Recommended	18.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198341902167/	good game
potato_picker_007	Recommended	40.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/pete30/	I do love this game but for the past day or so i have been getting a message saying  (get the full version of farming simulator here) it is teh full version so i don't understand and went i prss ok or esape it bring a stupid webpage.
the1reaper33	Not Recommended	11.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/the1reaper33/	Terrible game so far. Not impressed at all. Terrible graphics and same selection of equipment as in previous simulators. Liked previous versions on console way better.
gusti	Not Recommended	0.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197970429323/	I have account in steam for quite a lot of time and almost 500 games in steam library.For the first time I asked for refund. To bad that I've only 2 houres to do that, but after that short time I know they dont get my money again.Primo. I fight all time spent in game with configuring my steering wheel (Logitech G27). I give up.Secundo. There is NO placable objects which gives you income, like greenhouse, solar panel, bee hives. NOTHING. Its step back compared to FS17. You say: wait! It will be avaliable soon as free dlc or mod. I say: maybe, but I wont take that risk.Asked for refund until I can.
edwardmullins909	Not Recommended	0.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198368685268/	my pc cant run so i guess giants want  players to buy gaming pcs now then
DJTUCKER49053	Not Recommended	1.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198005119497/	game appears to be the same as FS17, same graphics at least, was hoping for some gloss on the tractors, but they look so flat and dingy, even on clean equipment, im not happy with that at all. other than some crops being standard as apposed to being DLC is nice, all other gameplay seems to be the same so far, not worth $35 to me.
Rhamirezz	Recommended	25.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198041992460/	Everything as expected from new Farming Simulator.After playing for about 9 h I can say the game is good, great graphics, new animals and crops. It is understandable that when coming from heavily moded Farming 17 one can feel disapointed with lack of new features. Eventually with mods those thing will be eliminated and with new graphics this game will be excellent new addition to the series.
sinper jow	Not Recommended	0.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198089434829/	It's an update to FS 17
crazyprsn	Not Recommended	0.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/crazyprsn/	I couldn't even get past the main menu. Why? Because the game wouldn't recognize that I had 2 joysticks and pedals plugged in! If this shoddy piece of code can't even get that done, they don't need my money. Got a refund. I'm done with you Giants. I hope someone else comes along and sweeps up this market. I guess I won't hold my breath though.Edit to reply to developer: The fact the engine only supports up to four devices including mouse and keyboard shows how old and out of date it is. Most every game I play, even indie games, support as many devices as I want to throw at it. I'll check back in at FS 21 to see if you've developed anything beyond a circa 1999 game engine.Thanks for your response.
KyleAssassin	Not Recommended	0.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/76561197972044764/	Took a refund, there is no improvement.
Fonzo_Biggs	Not Recommended	15.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198257911112/	Well I have only owned the game for 20 mins and I already do not like it. I think this game is still in "Beta Mode" because when ever you look around, the game skips (its not my computer), and the graphics are worse then 17. I am gonna quit playing until they come out with a bug update so I can still return it if I dont like it.On another note, if your gonna add John Deere as an new peice of equipment, make it so we have the planters, front loaders, and much more... As of now, the John Deere mods on 17 are better all around, better engine sounds, and get this, like a real simulator, the door opens and you climb into the tractor. So in the end, this games needs to be more graphic stable, wonky steering needs to be fixed, and more John Deere equipment needs to be added.
Cuffs	Not Recommended	1.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/7654675467344/	 The starter map is horrid. I don't think they've done any form of optimization, nor they even know how to. I'm on a zotec 1080 with i7 8700k, and can barely play it at max. Id expect way too many unessary draw calls, and possibly too many mesh renders(just like any other starter map in last couple of games). There is even an annoying flickering line across my screen that won't go away. You don't have to have your own engine to be labled as a "good game", there are plenty of engines that can make this game happen.  When people kept on complaining about starting off with equipment, they really went full childish mode to not give you anything at all but just starting cash. It's like going to a bar, and you kindly asked for more surgar in your drink, but the bar tender goes full♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off mode, and poured the entire bag of sugar. You get no house, no land, nothing, just cash.You have to use your own equipment now for contracts. The cash is not rewarding enough to make the contracts worth your while, since you're gonna be using the equipment on your own farms(which I hope). I would wait for the mods to come out. A lot of modders actually take time in making better optimization which is pretty sad, and embarrassing. I should of seen this coming a mile away to not buy it yet when it comes out.
PaxonicYT_2018	Recommended	2.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198821508032/	IM CANT PLAY THESE GAME WHEN IM TRY IT TO PLAY ITS DIDNT WORKING
TomS	Recommended	21.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/T0mSkir/	Product received for free
smilodon	Not Recommended	26.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/smilodon/	If you already know you like driving a virtual tractor up and down virtual fields for hours on end then this will be for you. Otherwise FS 19 is about as utterly tedious and mind numbing as its sounds.
<>Vlad<> Ghost man.	Recommended	0.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Gilarwen/	Product received for free
cgilmore609	Not Recommended	42.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198325557970/	Not what it was detailed as in their description!!!
Fishbones78	Recommended	5.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/fishbones78/	First :D
Bert3.4	Not Recommended	18.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198799020681/	i love when im stuck loading for 10 years just to join a multiplayer game then have the game crash :D
Dismayhem	Not Recommended	1.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197965341521/	This game made me sad.
PsychopathA	Recommended	9.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/acakalauz/	This game brings whole new vision of Farming Simulator games! Enviorment is really different and I would reccomend this game!
Chronicle	Not Recommended	20.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198862546558/	why is it giving me a black screen when i try to launch
francis1066	Not Recommended	16.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198033707833/	could not wait to play this game what a let down fields are small graphics are really good only good thing about it worst game they have ever made rubbish in a nut shell
Maxi Hilts	Not Recommended	0.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198319911860/	Product received for free
DEATHWHISPER45	Not Recommended	14.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198081011812/	Seems buggy and has already crashed on me ... all I have done was build my farm layout!
CMDR MIKE RK	Not Recommended	19.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ED_CMDRMIKERK/	no this is it i have bee in and out trying to get a game going but everything crashes i cant tab to another tractor with out it frezzing i cannot play ma new save without it frezzing it is honestly gone to♥♥♥♥♥♥for the laurnch dont bye it till they fix it
FRGR	Recommended	36.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TheFRGR/	Great Game
doodthekid	Not Recommended	3.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198125234195/	Can't seem to get it working with my wheel and pedals. Quite dissappointed
1jonnyr1	Not Recommended	2.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198178115486/	..........
[C1]Frootieloop	Not Recommended	9.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Frootieloop/	SOOOOOO i feel like ive been had. these graphics are♥♥♥♥♥♥WHY CAN I WALK THROUGH COWS. WHY CANT I RIDE IN THE TRUCK WITH MY FARMIN PALS. WHYYYY
EverGreen	Not Recommended	20.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SleezPeez/	Controls feel weird and janky. I prefer the old farmsims. Maps are horrible mountain maps that dont look like any farmland i know of.
ComandRO	Recommended	26.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/commandoing/	Product received for free
ue2026	Not Recommended	74.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198203572451/	one of the first games on steam i paid full price for. and a total buggy nightmare.  Even in the starting map you can't even get into the combine with out it crashing.
Noxid	Not Recommended	0.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ItsNoxid/	At the moment havin issue using my g27 and x52 pro .
Harlequin of Hate	Recommended	2.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198031530121/	It's amazeballs and stuff!  I got the Mahindra.  :pGraphics don't really seem any better than FS17.  The tractors actually look like plastic toys.  But hey, it's FS19 boi!  There's a few hiccups like the shadows are quite laggy but let's hope that future patches/updates fix the minor bugs.  I had to lower the shadow quality so that the gameplay was smooth...no big deal.
Spaghetta	Recommended	11.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/spaghetta/	Game of the year already
photogtm	Not Recommended	0.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198244456678/	How does 99.9%, according to Steam, have 10 million money achievement and not me?
IIBLACKHAWKII	Not Recommended	13.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/HawkMaster101/	Product received for free
Duke1021	Not Recommended	6.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198021535782/	Bought the game and can't play it at all. Does nothing but crash. Worst Farm Sim game ever. Agriculture Simulator from 2012 is the best way to describe this game. John Deere comes and the game breaks down.
80 Toyota Prius in 1 day	Not Recommended	12.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198166913358/	Not worth 35 euros for this game. I'm am disappointed. It's just a fs17 with better light, but not new game engine
Bucc	Not Recommended	0.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/bucclife/	NO SOUND
Matt	Recommended	19.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mattxjs/	FIRST OMG IM FAMOUS GOOD GAME BUY PLEASE AND DOWNLOAD MY MODS
cherokee480go	Recommended	15.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198800402680/	This game is great and the graphics are  awesome.
𝙃𝙚𝙣𝙩𝙖𝙞 狠踢	Recommended	1.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198149018508/	NO GO! Ive owned FS 13,15,17, and now 19. This one really has dissapionted me. Its seems like they have done very little but just copy stuff over. Not that much new stuff and there are some glitches (Which you cant judge all of them) but still kinda ruin gameplay.   Bad in graphics. Im on max graphics and its still a eye sore. (Or ive been playing to many good games but def. not this one!)[This post was made by Great Graphics Gang]
Jeffrey White	Recommended	3.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/justcallmefred/	So far I'm loving the new graphics, new playstayles, better handling of forestry equipment....loving it.
joblo332	Recommended	3.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198166873150/	Product received for free
Diesel Deer	Recommended	48.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198424888690/	My now New Favorite Game, Farming Simulator 19 (aka FS19) Although my pc Is absolute trash can't even run Fortnite, it still has great graphics, although not the best. Finally we welcome John Deer to the fleet of the many machines. Many people say its a ripoff of Farming Simulator 17, that's because they haven't tried it yet. The controlling is a little to get used to, but once you do, the game is a lot of fun. Highly recommend to anyone, its a very calming game, and my personal favorite part about all of the FS series, you never run out of things to do, but its not stressful.
Teckademics	Recommended	12.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/JDM1/	Great game so far, 2 very different maps and a lot of new tractors equipment. However a lot of tractors and equipment from 17 is nowhere to be found. Also Ultrawide/Triple monitor menu ui is way to big and buggy af. Overall though this game is well worth the asking price. There is plenty of new content to keep people entertained.
The Maniac	Recommended	19.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/da_doulde/	So far no Problems!Its just as easy to understand as the prequels, but with better graphics.Definitively worth to buy, if you played earlier versions like FS17, or like simulators about Farms
MUD-USMC	Recommended	44.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/MUD-USMC/	OK so i dont write very many of these but i feel like my fellow gamers might wanna know before you buy.Little over an hour in game and here are me thoughts.Graphics: GREATLY improved over 17. The game is beautiful. Amazing even. even with mid gen equipment (gtx 970 etc..)Graphics = A+Tractors/equipment: A lot of new items in game for all sorts of different activities. including some never before seen items.T/E = C+ (recieved a lower grade due to more does not equal better. there are more options per type however once you have the best of the best there is no need to downgrade, overall its nice to have options but end game they make little to no impact)Buildings: New ability to place your own buildings like silage bunkers means no more traveling accross the map to tend animals etc... just buy your plot and get to work.Buildings = A+Horses: this new livestock option is a nice addition however really no different than cows in 17 other than you can ride them.Horses = C (no real change for use of animals than previous titles, other than riding)Multiplayer: As of launch multiplayer was bugged for my friends and I. once a farm was created the host froze in place with a crash to desktop being required. Im sure itll be fixed soon but milldly annoying for a launch. The advertised multiplayer should prove interesting though. with each having their own farms and wallets, a big change from previous titles.MP = C/B (pending fixing)Price = A (these titles have always been a good bang for the buck with several hundred hours for the farming gamer.)Overall: A decent upgrade over 17, however dont expect much in the way of OMG and WOW moments. Usability/playability has gone up slightly but unfortunatly owners of 17 could very well continue until they felt the need to spend the money for the upgrade in graphics and a little more effeciency. I do recommend it however I have requested a refund until the multiplayer has been resolved or perhaps the first DLC pending content.
Putte	Recommended	35.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/palten/	Great game so far ;)!
xÐoþe	Recommended	14.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/xDopeZ/	I'm a farmer.
[6427] J. Reed	Recommended	3.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198112221865/	still needs work but for the time being its ok 
Sjöstedt	Recommended	30.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197962283421/	Alright, I have not really played this game to much, but I do recomend it, it just needs some fixes here and there. But otherwise this game is super fun to play in Multiplayer, wich got an BIG improvment, mp is now lag-free.
Matt	Recommended	33.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197971545950/	FS19, having just been released, is clearly a great step forward in the Farming Simulator series. I have not experienced a single bug in my short time playing, though I am aware others have. With that being said, with Giant's history, I have no doubts that this will quickly become a polished sim.It is frustrating that so many have submitted negative reviews without giving things a little bit of time; the nature of game releases nowadays is that the gaming community has become the final line of beta testers. If this is something you want to avoid, then just wait a bit longer for some patches to come out.I, for one, am excited about the release, confident in Giant resolving most if not all bugs quickly, and looking forward to the awesome modding community to begin releasing their works.
Cory	Recommended	10.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198219092808/	-Combine Harvesters' headers stick to the ground on flat terrain.-Broken key bindings. I can't -really- play until my joystick (with 2000+ hrs of FS17 on it) works on this 2019.-Seemingly random throttle input delay (up to 5 full seconds at times)+FS 17 was buggy as hell at launch too, but these folks had it all sorted out in a few months. I'm pretty bummed at the moment, but can confidently recommend this version knowing that it will all be okay soon. + I did check out some of the new features before it crashed. The Horses, the new fertilizer, weed control, soil acidity and compaction simulation are even -more- revolutionary than the "tip anywhere" and ratchet straps where in FS17! And then there is the rendered sun and moon, *illuminated* instrument clusters, land purchase/SELL system, new missions, you can preview what you are purchasing in the shop now! ...This honestly this -feels- like a different game while being comfortably familiar. Pretty cool if you ask me.TL:DRIf you can't handle a "Bethesda-style" bug-fest, come back in 3 months.If you just want the best Farm Sim, pull the trigger. It'll be finished soon.
HSLights	Recommended	58.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SteepPicturesGaming/	If you like tractors as much as I do. This game is for you. Tractor. P.S. Tractor. That is all.
D.Wrult	Recommended	70.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197989389925/	Don't write a lot of reviews but this one felt worth the time.  Not going to get wordy with opinions so here it is:It's good.  An improvement on FS17 for sure and I've played it for hours now with no framerate problems, crashes or annoying bugs.  If you like farming and are looking for the next step in Farming Sims that you will play for the next few years then this is it.On an obvious note, on the day of release there are no mods so I will keep FS17 installed for when I want to play modded.  Still 90% of my time will be FS19.  I'm sure a pile of mods are right around the corner.On a side note, I've seen that some people feel that the map is "small".  To me it's not small as it is more "Busy".  It feels so much more alive and lived in.  Yes, it feels like you have neighbors.Have fun!
andersongrayson3	Recommended	23.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/youtubeboi/	One of the best Farming Sims I have played. It’s now just a wait for the mods to roll in.
Gabriel	Not Recommended	22.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/fanmad/	Boring and no goal.
Pinock	Recommended	23.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197987352556/	Just one thing: it's not as good as you expect.Real slogan of this game is "Farm like before with mods. But without..."Upd: unfortunately I've missed refund :( My bad.
njstella	Recommended	15.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/njstella/	edit: The developer has commented on this and listed how to fix what was probably my stupidity. My controller works and it was as easy as deleting a file and playing the game. I was able to spend some time playing and I honestly think this game looks beautiful, keeps the core values of the game, and adds some new fetures that keep the franchise interesting (like starting from scratch and building your farm). I really do think this game is great, but more than anything the fact that the developer responded so quickly makes me happy to support these games.For anyone that plays this game with a controller, wait until they fix the key bindings. So far I haven't been able to actually get into a save because none of the controller buttons work. I can't recommend this game until they patch this and have more of a plug and play capability like the other FS games. I will change this review if they fix this.
kraig501	Not Recommended	9.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198158461397/	I really hope Giants does some serious tweaking to this game, it does look better and it never stuttered once, however many other aspects of this game seem to be piled into one large piece of crap. The vehicles seem to drive awful and compare the railroad crossings to the ones on the Goldcrest map and you will see the garbage being displayed in FS19. I have 1,184 hours logged for FS17 and at this point I would honestly say FS17 is better to me. I hope the modding community can save this game, otherwise its worth about $10 in my opinion. When or if the game improves I will give a positive review, until then I can't in good faith recommend this game to anyone.
DeValiere	Not Recommended	11.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198038048005/	Was looking forward to this game, but very disappointed to discover glitching shadows that only get worse the more you speed up the game. Tried to ignore it, but unable to. In light of Giants' response to those noting this glitch on their forms as "it's just the way it is, sorry" I have requested a refund from Steam. VERY unhappy to have to post this.
Elliot_7360	Not Recommended	1.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Elliot73600/	very lagy have to play on low graphics, also game pads do not work on the game (streeing wheel and pedals, joystick)
𝙃𝙚𝙣𝙩𝙖𝙞 狠踢	Recommended	1.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198149018508/	NO GO! Ive owned FS 13,15,17, and now 19. This one really has dissapionted me. Its seems like they have done very little but just copy stuff over. Not that much new stuff and there are some glitches (Which you cant judge all of them) but still kinda ruin gameplay.   Bad in graphics. Im on max graphics and its still a eye sore. (Or ive been playing to many good games but def. not this one!)[This post was made by Great Graphics Gang]
Jeffrey White	Recommended	3.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/justcallmefred/	So far I'm loving the new graphics, new playstayles, better handling of forestry equipment....loving it.
Gowy 03	Recommended	38.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jacobgow3/	Great Game
Fodder123	Recommended	4.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198009960007/	Early day's for FS19 but looking good.  In keeping with all prior farm sims. Sadly as like all prior Farming . The rain still finds its way into the buildings ..
Xlego0905X	Recommended	15.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198141337740/	I love farming similator but one thing they could improve or make better are the ai harvesters seeds and etc. Since when you harvest and you want to hire a worker they don't get all of the crops.
Teckademics	Recommended	12.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/JDM1/	Great game so far, 2 very different maps and a lot of new tractors equipment. However a lot of tractors and equipment from 17 is nowhere to be found. Also Ultrawide/Triple monitor menu ui is way to big and buggy af. Overall though this game is well worth the asking price. There is plenty of new content to keep people entertained.
The Maniac	Recommended	19.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/da_doulde/	So far no Problems!Its just as easy to understand as the prequels, but with better graphics.Definitively worth to buy, if you played earlier versions like FS17, or like simulators about Farms
MUD-USMC	Recommended	44.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/MUD-USMC/	OK so i dont write very many of these but i feel like my fellow gamers might wanna know before you buy.Little over an hour in game and here are me thoughts.Graphics: GREATLY improved over 17. The game is beautiful. Amazing even. even with mid gen equipment (gtx 970 etc..)Graphics = A+Tractors/equipment: A lot of new items in game for all sorts of different activities. including some never before seen items.T/E = C+ (recieved a lower grade due to more does not equal better. there are more options per type however once you have the best of the best there is no need to downgrade, overall its nice to have options but end game they make little to no impact)Buildings: New ability to place your own buildings like silage bunkers means no more traveling accross the map to tend animals etc... just buy your plot and get to work.Buildings = A+Horses: this new livestock option is a nice addition however really no different than cows in 17 other than you can ride them.Horses = C (no real change for use of animals than previous titles, other than riding)Multiplayer: As of launch multiplayer was bugged for my friends and I. once a farm was created the host froze in place with a crash to desktop being required. Im sure itll be fixed soon but milldly annoying for a launch. The advertised multiplayer should prove interesting though. with each having their own farms and wallets, a big change from previous titles.MP = C/B (pending fixing)Price = A (these titles have always been a good bang for the buck with several hundred hours for the farming gamer.)Overall: A decent upgrade over 17, however dont expect much in the way of OMG and WOW moments. Usability/playability has gone up slightly but unfortunatly owners of 17 could very well continue until they felt the need to spend the money for the upgrade in graphics and a little more effeciency. I do recommend it however I have requested a refund until the multiplayer has been resolved or perhaps the first DLC pending content.
pfelconte	Recommended	60.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/pfelconte/	Cantering with my Paladin by the edges of a puddle...
CinchBuckle	Recommended	47.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198065560271/	Great game. It is beautiful. If you are familiar with the previouse Farming Simulator games the UI will come as a bit of a shock but it's easy to get used to.
AKJay47K$	Recommended	16.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/AKJay47/	Best Farming Game Ever!!!!
texasmed	Recommended	37.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/texasmed/	The improvements to the game are noticeable and I think this is a great way to continue the series.  The amount of equipment included in the base game is amazing and the controls are great.  The updated graphics are also highly appreciated!
SeekanDestroy	Recommended	86.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197991779785/	I currently have 41 hours in this game i must say it is better then FS17 it does have a couple problems but what half these people are saying about this game and giving it a negtive review about how it's just a DLC for FS17 are blind and don't notice the upgrades
Paps	Recommended	29.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197984345314/	  Loving this game so far.  The equipement offered is awsome, the AI is MUCH improved and the new graphics engine is a big improvement.  No more crops coming through the floor of your vehicles and roofs of buildings actually keep the weather outside.  There are some minor things that I'm sure that will be addressed in future updates, but nothing game breaking that I've experienced so far.  Can't wait for the modders to get in full swing and offer new maps and bring things over that were so good on FS17.  Thanks Giants.
Zentarus	Recommended	37.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198083482666/	Still settling into the game so will probably come back and update this review later.  So far I'm absolutely loving the new game.   Definite upgrade in graphics from 15 (not sure about 17).  I like that they added an interactive farm house where you can sleep the night away.  I like the additional equipment, animals and other things they've added into the store.  I have heard some folks who have steering wheel peripherals having issues, but I've also heard that's easily fixed through settings.  Don't know what to tell folks on that right now I'm keyboard and mouse and it's just fine :DIf this sort of game perks your interest at all, Giants does it better than anyone else and it's worth getting.
Mr. Mechanick	Recommended	19.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/miljanjanto/	A really good game with good graphics, way better than FS17
DeJeyJ	Recommended	11.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/DeJeyJ/	Loving the game! Absolutly breath-taking scenery and the machines are just great! yes
Noxious Hellion	Recommended	56.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/noxioushellion/	It's a relaxing game, I enjoy it a lot. Between 19 and 17 I recommend 19.
KFC	Recommended	13.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198809250473/	I dunno man, İt is.....                  just good. After İ played fs17 for hours and hours on cracked it was a good experience. But there is a lot of thing missing from FS17 (a lot of thingS) and i think they will add them with the updatesAlso the maps are trash. I hope community would make better maps than GIANTS SOFTWAREThey only cared about character customizing which is useless But at all it is still better than FS17 or FS15 if you are damnly rich just buy it. it is good 
bigevil10	Recommended	21.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198049560250/	good game
Typ1q	Recommended	7.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/typ1q/	I love the way they made the nights look. So immersive
Sebbeleb	Recommended	32.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Jamba_Lamba/	Veri nais. John deere nais. Fendt sweet yes. New stuff cool aight. This shiiiets tight yo.
[GOTR] xraysteve	Recommended	13.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197982702202/	Great Graphics!  A lot of fun!
psychomike127	Recommended	16.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198045290877/	time to get my farming on.
AlexDanielC	Recommended	4.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/AlexDanielC/	It's the best! I buyed every game from 2013 and I really love Farming games! Buy It!
SeekanDestroy	Recommended	86.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197991779785/	I currently have 41 hours in this game i must say it is better then FS17 it does have a couple problems but what half these people are saying about this game and giving it a negtive review about how it's just a DLC for FS17 are blind and don't notice the upgrades
Paps	Recommended	29.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197984345314/	  Loving this game so far.  The equipement offered is awsome, the AI is MUCH improved and the new graphics engine is a big improvement.  No more crops coming through the floor of your vehicles and roofs of buildings actually keep the weather outside.  There are some minor things that I'm sure that will be addressed in future updates, but nothing game breaking that I've experienced so far.  Can't wait for the modders to get in full swing and offer new maps and bring things over that were so good on FS17.  Thanks Giants.
LePedroBear	Recommended	13.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198000787539/	I'm loving it!
Donkei	Recommended	19.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Donkei9911/	best game ever
Ameruno	Recommended	21.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ameruno/	Great visual and gameplay improvements, feels fresh.
VILKAS	Recommended	13.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198119737355/	I actually pretty like it....
Blackcat_UK	Recommended	26.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198026406161/	Well...all I can comment on is my personal experience. After around 10 hours play on the new American map starting with the basic farm - no lag and no bugs (that I noticed).I like the new purchase system where you can see the changes you make before buying.The new (to me) cotton baler was pretty neat.The fields purchasing is a little different...I think I preferred seeing the icons on the fields htough...I like the 'For Sale' boards that some modders used for their maps in FS17.The missions system...is a lot more time consuming to start the mission. You either have to use your own equipment, which means driving it from your field to the mission field, or lease equipment, which means having to drive it from the shop to the mission field. The helper ability to assist in missions is good though.I've only tried one map so far - the 'American' one I guess...I can't say I'm impressed. It doesn't seem like a lot of thought has gone into the layout and the 'real' way that businesses with heavy vehicle traffic would be accessed, but maybe that's just my impression.As with so many games these days it's the mods that will truly make this game. The bare bones are there, but the modders truly make things shine (as with FS17).It's nice to have an included compass too :-)I'd recommend it for those looking to idle a few hours away in a casual way. If you're looking for gritty, season-based reality farming, then wait for the Seasons mod I guess. I prefer it without :-)
cheechandchong420	Recommended	2.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/cheechandchong420/	OK. Why can't I buy the mahindra UTV. Just because I didn't have the money for the Pre-Order I don't get that awesome feature. At least make it available as a DLC. Honestly i love the game so far. Just let me buy the Mahindra.
cherokee480go	Recommended	15.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198800402680/	This game is great and the graphics are  awesome.
LostNFound	Recommended	31.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/15325836/	A lot of fun to play...  In the time that I played this evening,  I really enjoyed playing the game. I would definitely recommend getting the game...  I'm a big fan of all the Farming Simulator games out there... If you haven't played this one yet, Give it a try.
MSC PRO	Recommended	11.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Canadianspartan/	Better than 2011
[6427] J. Reed	Recommended	3.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198112221865/	still needs work but for the time being its ok 
Putte	Recommended	35.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/palten/	Great game so far ;)!
xÐoþe	Recommended	14.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/xDopeZ/	I'm a farmer.
The Maniac	Recommended	19.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/da_doulde/	So far no Problems!Its just as easy to understand as the prequels, but with better graphics.Definitively worth to buy, if you played earlier versions like FS17, or like simulators about Farms
MUD-USMC	Recommended	44.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/MUD-USMC/	OK so i dont write very many of these but i feel like my fellow gamers might wanna know before you buy.Little over an hour in game and here are me thoughts.Graphics: GREATLY improved over 17. The game is beautiful. Amazing even. even with mid gen equipment (gtx 970 etc..)Graphics = A+Tractors/equipment: A lot of new items in game for all sorts of different activities. including some never before seen items.T/E = C+ (recieved a lower grade due to more does not equal better. there are more options per type however once you have the best of the best there is no need to downgrade, overall its nice to have options but end game they make little to no impact)Buildings: New ability to place your own buildings like silage bunkers means no more traveling accross the map to tend animals etc... just buy your plot and get to work.Buildings = A+Horses: this new livestock option is a nice addition however really no different than cows in 17 other than you can ride them.Horses = C (no real change for use of animals than previous titles, other than riding)Multiplayer: As of launch multiplayer was bugged for my friends and I. once a farm was created the host froze in place with a crash to desktop being required. Im sure itll be fixed soon but milldly annoying for a launch. The advertised multiplayer should prove interesting though. with each having their own farms and wallets, a big change from previous titles.MP = C/B (pending fixing)Price = A (these titles have always been a good bang for the buck with several hundred hours for the farming gamer.)Overall: A decent upgrade over 17, however dont expect much in the way of OMG and WOW moments. Usability/playability has gone up slightly but unfortunatly owners of 17 could very well continue until they felt the need to spend the money for the upgrade in graphics and a little more effeciency. I do recommend it however I have requested a refund until the multiplayer has been resolved or perhaps the first DLC pending content.
andersongrayson3	Recommended	23.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/youtubeboi/	One of the best Farming Sims I have played. It’s now just a wait for the mods to roll in.
A Fucking Dishwasher	Recommended	18.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198135815526/	its ok
Hanji	Recommended	9.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/KinkyCringe/	This is a great game with a good multiplayer aspect
[26th MEU] SGT P. Carman	Recommended	25.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198247781664/	Game just came out but from what little ive played it already beats all the previous Farmin sim games just by 1 detail and yes I do say this as I live in Southern USA. THEY HAVE JOHN DEERE
shrek9677	Recommended	47.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198821449136/	all in all not to bad
GamerBiggie	Recommended	31.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Gamerbiggie/	I love this game. I have been playing for a little while and spent about 80 hours in  Farming Sim 17 and I must say the changes are really good and needed, I am unsure I could say it would be worth the price the game is at currently as there isn't that drastic of a change from 17 unless you are a fan of the serious ofc, I only got the game for the changes and the fact I played my moneys worth in the last one.Overall I would say probably best to wait for a sale unless you know you will spend a lot of time in the game
Maxxx	Recommended	36.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198009773149/	each one gets a little better.   Just wish they had included Seasons and Course Play
João Coelho	Recommended	14.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/joaorabit/	It's true that this game has it's bugs but from the limited experience that I've got so far I can alredy say that this game is going to be one of the ones that I'm going to be contantly playing.
Emptyclip	Recommended	82.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197966250795/	Best farm sim yet. Looks great lots of new stuff everything from placeables to new tractors. Has some bugs that need to be worked out but what game  doesnt come out buggy these days most of problems people are having is from old pc's or people that want to use controler/wheels which are having problems that the devs said will be fixed soon.
niftymikey	Recommended	37.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198004257299/	I spent 3 hours cutting trees and chopping wood to make room for a larger field...  I may need help but it is definitely addictive and satisfying when you complete a goal.  Looks pretty nice unless you get right up on the textures and controls fairly well.  So far, no game breaking bugs for me.
Turtlesaur	Recommended	27.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jonnyrbe/	Great game, beautiful graphics and engaging gameplay. If you've never taken the farming simulator plunge I suggest you try it! Yes there are a few optimizations that need to happen, but it's been 1 day. Waiting for some patches and Moda to make the game flow a bit better.
GrameJunior | bobjunior.at	Recommended	7.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/GrameJunior/	much fun
Ats	Not Recommended	2.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/atsgaming/	(11/21/18, i've decided to change this review and refund this game, and here's why...)Multiple things have dissapointed me with this game, and i've been playing since FS11. The dog they said would be included with decent ai is a joke, and the trees pop in and out at random on ultra. The equipment i expected and they said would be ingame (ie: lots of john deere stuff,) is a few tractors, combines and that's pretty much it.Another issue with this game is some of the major passive money-makers (wind turbines, green houses, solar panels,) have all been removed and aren't ingame (including trees!). I also never thought i would hate the base game maps more than the fs17 maps, but i do. (fs17 maps were very odd imo.) I'm dissapointed that i don't like this game, but i can't like it with the state of it. Why buy this game with all these issues (in 2018! come on people,) when you could buy farm sim 17 for a discount with the dlc, that doesnt have these issues? It doesn't make sense. To get people to want to move from an older game to a newer game, you have to offer something that's a step up from the older game. Giants have tried, and failed to do this in FS19.I can't reccommend this game in this state, and i've sunk atleast a thousand or more hours in this series.And to the person who i argued with in the comments of the original review, i'm sorry. I thought this game was good (and that people were bashing this game had no basis,) but upon further inspection i was wrong. 
𝙃𝙚𝙣𝙩𝙖𝙞 狠踢	Recommended	1.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198149018508/	NO GO! Ive owned FS 13,15,17, and now 19. This one really has dissapionted me. Its seems like they have done very little but just copy stuff over. Not that much new stuff and there are some glitches (Which you cant judge all of them) but still kinda ruin gameplay.   Bad in graphics. Im on max graphics and its still a eye sore. (Or ive been playing to many good games but def. not this one!)[This post was made by Great Graphics Gang]
Jeffrey White	Recommended	3.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/justcallmefred/	So far I'm loving the new graphics, new playstayles, better handling of forestry equipment....loving it.
joblo332	Recommended	3.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198166873150/	Product received for free
edgependragon	Recommended	26.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197970430173/	Game runs perfect, I love the new feature starting with nothing but money, and just making the game your own!!!! I have been wishing for this since FS13, I love the new contract system, its sort of a cross between old school mowing and moving jobs and fs17's farming jobs, and for lazy people like me you can now hire for those jobs and not have to worry about leaving a tractor in fear of loosing the contract, on top of that you can use your own equipment for the full price or lease just for the job.
Etny2k	Recommended	53.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/etny2k/	These devs are beautiful, best sim of all time.
kraig501	Not Recommended	9.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198158461397/	I really hope Giants does some serious tweaking to this game, it does look better and it never stuttered once, however many other aspects of this game seem to be piled into one large piece of crap. The vehicles seem to drive awful and compare the railroad crossings to the ones on the Goldcrest map and you will see the garbage being displayed in FS19. I have 1,184 hours logged for FS17 and at this point I would honestly say FS17 is better to me. I hope the modding community can save this game, otherwise its worth about $10 in my opinion. When or if the game improves I will give a positive review, until then I can't in good faith recommend this game to anyone.
DeValiere	Not Recommended	11.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198038048005/	Was looking forward to this game, but very disappointed to discover glitching shadows that only get worse the more you speed up the game. Tried to ignore it, but unable to. In light of Giants' response to those noting this glitch on their forms as "it's just the way it is, sorry" I have requested a refund from Steam. VERY unhappy to have to post this.
Elliot_7360	Not Recommended	1.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Elliot73600/	very lagy have to play on low graphics, also game pads do not work on the game (streeing wheel and pedals, joystick)
M0EJ0E	Recommended	24.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mrthn/	Weeds.... why...
Dukerules41	Recommended	2.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/dukerules41/	Love the farming simulator games, and this one is another great! Love the addition of John Deere and the new maps.
piedudeaus	Recommended	19.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/piedude/	FS19 is way better than previous versions. If you even just have just a vague interest in sim games, grab Farm Simulator 2019.
Zohen	Recommended	44.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198023205180/	The Best Farming Game 10/10
[LSL*] Deus	Recommended	29.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198026175747/	Needs more tension belts
Diamondlover™	Recommended	9.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198043401035/	Fantastic upgrade to the previous Farming Simulator!
No One	Recommended	25.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/thegreatamit/	One of my best games.
Tadus	Recommended	73.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Tadus/	best farmingsimulator yet, its simular to 17 but now everything seems complated, also the multiplayer is finaly good
◄ DawfliN ►	Recommended	9.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/dawflin/	So far i dont see as much new things as they have said there would be. BUT overall this game is this AWESOME and i love it. 11/10 Would play it again.
tx613	Recommended	16.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/tx613/	While the game a few things that need slight adjustments such as having to use pallets to fill equipment but they only do 1000 at a time... Also the rewards for misson seem slightly low... But unlike other I think the overall game is good but need a few minor tweeks. Nothing to be getting bent out of shape like some people are.
theonlydave83	Recommended	18.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198160722338/	Love the idea of placeable animal pens.  Just needs better maps and seasons.  Cant wait to see what the modders come up with.  I think they are the ones that truely make these games great.
GrameJunior | bobjunior.at	Recommended	7.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/GrameJunior/	much fun
Diamondlover™	Recommended	9.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198043401035/	Fantastic upgrade to the previous Farming Simulator!
No One	Recommended	25.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/thegreatamit/	One of my best games.
Tadus	Recommended	73.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Tadus/	best farmingsimulator yet, its simular to 17 but now everything seems complated, also the multiplayer is finaly good
◄ DawfliN ►	Recommended	9.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/dawflin/	So far i dont see as much new things as they have said there would be. BUT overall this game is this AWESOME and i love it. 11/10 Would play it again.
metl	Recommended	54.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198000510670/	By far the best Farming Simulator game in the series, and hands down better than every other simulator in this genre. It just launched, so expect a bug or two but overall it's a fantastic release. The new, expanded multiplayer options pushes this into an entirely new game now that you can actually compete with other farmers. It can be a real race to earn enough money to purchase the prime land plots and dominate the market.
RyDogPants	Recommended	15.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/rydogpants/	Only played for a handful of hours but really happy with this version. FS17 may be a very close second but this one does seem cleaner with nicer graphics. Glad I bought it so far!
[SOR]Brody	Recommended	80.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/brodster121/	I've enjoyed the series since Farming Simulator 2009, and pre ordered 19 as soon as I could. After much waiting and much impatience, it's finally here.Pros: - Enjoyable - New graphics - New machines - New brands - New crops/animals - UI overhual - Multiplayer improvementsCons: - Bugs (Just released, and will most likely be fixed) - Missing machines from older games - Focused around newer machines / very little for older machines - No flatbed for general hualling - No equipment to modify ground other that placeables
RogueHogue	Recommended	13.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TheRogueHogue/	This game is above what I expected. There are occasional bugs, and going into the farmhouse is an absolute nightmare. But, other than that it is an absolute blast.
ChristianBF	Recommended	20.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/MCBF/	Better Grapics, but still some small bugs after the Realice
SKirby00	Recommended	30.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198105198430/	Although this game does have its fair share of hiccups, the honest truth is that im having a lot of fun. I played a lot of FS15 and a decent amount of FS17 and this does seem like a considerable improvement. Here are some of the pros and cons that seem to make the biggest difference to ME.Pros:- Contracts (missions) are MUCH better. Some of the improvements here involve the ability to leave them and come back, the ability to put workers on contracts, and the ability to use your own equipment for an increased reward. Best thing here though is that there are now multipart contracts (for example mow a feild and then bale everything). Transportation contracts are also back.- Ability to place all farm buildings, animal pens, and silos, this means not being locked into certain parts of the map (but dont get too excited yet. We'll come back to this one in the cons)- Ability to truely start from scratch. This is made possible by the ability to buy the farm buildings- Vehicle degradation mechanic is now much better (and no daily costs for vehicles/tools) Vehicles lose horsepower as they degrade, but they can be easily repaired. (I hated how this used to work in 17 so this was a big plus for me)- The shop. Everything about the shop is great, you can now customize vehicles with a great preview screen to see how your changes will actually look on the vehicles.- Felsbrunn. In general I quite like this map. I didn't really like either base map in 17 and never bothered to mod in a new one. - Graphics. Great lighting, great models.- Map seems a LITTLE bit more alive with the addition of the birds - Game runs very smoothly (for me and my friends at least)- Dog. This dog is kinda meh, but I just like dogs in general :)- Horses. They bring a cool new way to interact with and make money with animals. I like the Diversity- John Deere. Looks like they finally got the rights to this brand.- Cotton. It's a little different from basic grain crops, I like the diversity. Cons:- The new placeable buildings are not implemented very well. They pretty much require perfectly 100% flat land, but the devs have a fetish for hills and slopes and pretty much any terrain that doesnt work very well with the new placeable buildings system. The only flat place is the area where they have the farm in the mode where you start with a prebuilt farm... so much for not being limited to certain parts of the map.- Not really any decent places on either of the maps to put the animal enclosures.- The new starting modes (New farmer, Farm manager, and Start from scratch) replace the old easy, medium hard. I think you should be able to choose what you start with independently from what diificulty you want to play on. For example, starting from scratch on with easy economonic difficulty or starting with a premade farm on hard.- They still havent fixed the physics, most notably for logs and pallets- They removed all passive income placeables such as solar panels, windmills, and greenhouses (although im sure modders will fix this one). But just why?? I always liked having a few to offset my daily costs, if some people dont like how they work, they could have just chosen to not use em.- A lot of stuff (vehicles, tools, ect.) is gone from the shop that used to be there in 15 and 17. Once again, modders will surely tackle this problem pretty quickly, and I cant honestly complain because there was a lot more added to the shop than removed.All said and done, im having more fun here than i did on FS17. Theres a lot of stuff i love, and most of my problems with the game wont be too difficult to work around in one way or another. Also, it seems like the devs are trying to work on improving the placeables just a little bit at least. I do have to agree that certain parts of the game feel somewhat incomplete, but that hasnt gotten in the way of me enjoying it and i would recommend the game to any fan of the series.
MALIKADAI	Recommended	15.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mociute/	very great game
tree_boa22	Recommended	12.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Tree_boa22/	90/100
superkatten	Not Recommended	1.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/superkatten/	go play FS 17 its much better.The only thing they have managed to add in this title is a massive grind.Even managed to remove building that actually produce income and options to make the game less grindy.refunded
Couch Potato	Recommended	30.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198819791340/	A simple farming simulator game with plenty of activities to keep the player busy.
Webb 1	Not Recommended	0.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198022173419/	Way too many bugs it’s more like early access visually it’s better than FS17 that a bit it really not worth the money
Brandonb56	Recommended	15.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/brandonb56/	game is good, but has lots of patching to do. lots of glitches, texture errors, but it was a step foward from giants
Chef Ho Chi Minh	Not Recommended	3.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/LtVictory/	Product received for free
Arnold SchwarzeniBBa	Recommended	0.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/HardcoreHenrik/	Very nice
GoldenNut	Recommended	16.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/GoldNut/	Product received for free
JustSevenStars	Recommended	2.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/adiboss07/	Greatest simulator ever!
jo3l	Recommended	15.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/FunkyPhoenix/	First time playing this, it's pretty fun, find a friend and give it a buy.
Michi	Recommended	12.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/737MAX8/	Amazing game, worth the purchase 100% if you like previous farming sims, better graphics & physics!
ChupaCabra	Recommended	46.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198035439277/	I am unable to set graphics so the game runs nice and smooth. Other more demanding games seem to work better than this. No support for steering wheels. All controls seem to change every time you restart your game.Other than that game seems ok. Just wait for mods
TheGamingEspeon/Ender	Recommended	9.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198436201716/	it's fun
Sleep well little princess	Recommended	7.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Darkermanz099/	this game is just awsome. its a great game to just sink in and relax for a while
Righteous	Recommended	37.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198022125454/	It's a shame there's not a neutral button that a person can pick vs. either a black/white yes or no.I have to say with thousands of hours in between Farm sim 2011, 2013, 2015, 2017 I'm disappointed in this game.  By this point, with the experience they SHOULD have they should really know better, and be able to produce a more finished product than this.  I'll still begrudgingly click the recommend button because I think the game is still good, I think it's still playable, but it's a disgusting excuse for a release version game.  They seem to be working on implementing some of the things the community wants, albeit very slowly, in small changes every couple years.....it's pretty easy to tell what we want, just watch the most downloaded mods.......literally every game, the community is adding the same things over and over.  Long story short, if you're someone patient with bugs by all means pick it up, this game is a good addition to the series, it's not as big a step as you're probably hoping it would be, but it's worth the upgrade.If bugs bother you wait on this title, it's riddled with them 
jointiebor9	Recommended	1.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jointiebor9/	The graphics and physics are much better then FS17!The controls has become worse
BT_Viking	Recommended	17.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Bloodthirsty_viking/	EDIT: THEY FIXED THE ISSUE THAT MADE ME THUMB DOWN THIS.7.1 now works.DONT BUY IF YOU ONLY USE 7.1I have a headset that only supports 7.1 Surround sound. I can not disable 7.1, And the game "Only supports stero for now".This means I can not play the game with any sound at all.If they ever fix this issue, I will update my score.EDIT 1: The game is still fun, And i am playing it without sound. I just watch netflix on my second screen.. I still refuse to give it a thumbs up untill 7.1 sound works.EDIT 2: Happy Thanksgiving Americans. In todays patch, (22 November) They updated the game, And now sound works in 7.1I can finnaly reccomend the game as a fun game to play.
Dukerules41	Recommended	2.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/dukerules41/	Love the farming simulator games, and this one is another great! Love the addition of John Deere and the new maps.
piedudeaus	Recommended	19.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/piedude/	FS19 is way better than previous versions. If you even just have just a vague interest in sim games, grab Farm Simulator 2019.
Zohen	Recommended	44.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198023205180/	The Best Farming Game 10/10
[LSL*] Deus	Recommended	29.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198026175747/	Needs more tension belts
rashersandbeans	Recommended	33.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198080187765/	Serious improvement to light and physics engine
Markz	Recommended	28.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/vladdragoiu/	All that cotton man.. I really enjoy it. Best money spent ever!
Tritol	Recommended	29.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198004195770/	I like it so far. A few bugs, but nothing game-breaking for me. Since I didn't really play FS17 there is a lot of new stuff to see and do.Just the farm building could be better, but it is supposed to be improved with an update.
cliffBurtonSuprise	Recommended	19.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/_caustic/	I played fs17, but with the new career mode I took a deep dive and turned off the helpers where AI restocks seed and fertilizer...etc, well get ready to become a forklift expert because that’s gonna be a few hours until you get up and running with the right equipment for your play style. Now that I have the basic equipment to run the 3, albeit smallish, fields this game is proving to be a relaxed, challenging, and rewarding experience.  Do stuff cheaply at first until you know what you want and can afford it, I haven’t dipped below 55k, and repaid the bank loan immediately after spawn. Highly recommend to sim fans.
Ham Sjel	Recommended	9.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198107603452/	Good game
spagettikatt	Recommended	6.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mannenmedswaggen/	I have no clue of what I'm doing in this game but it's fun. Don't be mad cuz bad and keep playing, or maybe the game is just not for you.
Humour ツ	Recommended	49.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/humournl/	What an improvement over Farming Simulator 17. Works even smoother, better multiplayer gameplay.
VeNm LuNaTeK	Recommended	13.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mike1000195/	Game is very similar to FS17 in alot of ways, although i dont think it should be called a copy-paste. the graphics we're completely redone, and look absolutely stunning now. i agree with some other reviews that the american map could be a little bit better, but ill play them reguardless. if you dont have it yet, or if you havent bought farm sim yet, buy it. no hesitation.
H0ld3n70	Recommended	20.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198227139776/	Awesome game, nice improvement from Farming Sim 17.
Victor	Not Recommended	8.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/vmontes85/	Freezes everytime i try to attach something to the tractor... I'm not the onlyone and i can't believe all devs keep launching games without proper testing... G27 is the most used wheel out there, and i have to spend an hour configuring it for the game that most people play with wheel... anyway... waiting for fixes... i know i will enjoy this game eventually so refound is not an option but hey Giants... test the game!!!!
Boxsetlucky	Not Recommended	16.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198388340102/	what to say... it's great detail on the farm equipment. Maps are cluddered ...when it rains, it rains inside structers i'v built... the AI is still awful... couldnt plow a field to save it's life.  My  fields are ready for harvest...  rains forever  so i speed up the time... crops wither it's still raining! So Frustrating  ; / ... Kinda feels like Giants software just took fs 17 and added mods  and re-sold  the game as new. The game is just  50/100
Vanilla Ice	Recommended	50.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198334163115/	This farm sim compared to the last  one is 100x better in terms of detail everything has a really good detail and just makes you say "dang that is a good looking ____". there are also many more vehicles and implements to use, also horses, cotton and oats where added. Very good game overall, 10/10.
stuartlife780	Recommended	4.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198360226601/	i love new farming simulator so much we can sleep now   keep up good work
Gopnik	Recommended	8.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Ti84PlusCE/	Good Game.
mikecarte66	Recommended	18.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198267955128/	This game is the best
Spukky	Recommended	40.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Spukky/	Never played a simulator game like this. But it always peaked my intrest.So I decided to just go for it and get this.So happy I did, just love this game.It's so relaxing and fun to manage my little farm and work on it.I'm a fan and give this a big recommendation.
rickykegs	Not Recommended	4.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198022174945/	I have had all of the previous versions of farming simulator and i must say....unfortunately this one is the worst in regards to control and navigating throughout the menus.  As a curriculum developer for special ops, I feel this program was ultimately successfuly due to in part of the easy navigation throughout the menus.  I feel now, playing it for 5 minutes, I am already giving up on it just because naviation throughout the menus is to the newbie difficult.  To judge a game, i immediately saved a game, edited it in my "saved game" file, edited the money portion to an infintite number, and tried to navigate smoothly from there.  With infited funds, it was still a challenge to navigate between menus and getting the game to work smoothly like prior versions.
www.eric800	Recommended	57.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/rockysgames/	I have logged 23 hrs on Farming Simulator 19 so far. It is so much better. There are words i can't discribe any better that saying AWESOME, I highly recomend this game 100% for the price it is worth it? People come on seriously. I don't see anything wrong with the graphics it all looks good to me, people with negetive reviews you just havn't given this a try. The Dev's worked realy hard on this and I think they did an AWESOME JOB with it. I happen to own FS09 FS11 FS13 FS15 FS17 and FS19 all these farm games including Professional Farmer 14 and I as a game enthousiest happen to love these games so those of you out there given negitive reviews hurts the Dev's and other people who happen to love farming? I'am sorry if this hurts others saying that, but that is the truth?
Pinock	Recommended	23.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197987352556/	Just one thing: it's not as good as you expect.Real slogan of this game is "Farm like before with mods. But without..."Upd: unfortunately I've missed refund :( My bad.
Gabriel	Not Recommended	22.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/fanmad/	Boring and no goal.
njstella	Recommended	15.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/njstella/	edit: The developer has commented on this and listed how to fix what was probably my stupidity. My controller works and it was as easy as deleting a file and playing the game. I was able to spend some time playing and I honestly think this game looks beautiful, keeps the core values of the game, and adds some new fetures that keep the franchise interesting (like starting from scratch and building your farm). I really do think this game is great, but more than anything the fact that the developer responded so quickly makes me happy to support these games.For anyone that plays this game with a controller, wait until they fix the key bindings. So far I haven't been able to actually get into a save because none of the controller buttons work. I can't recommend this game until they patch this and have more of a plug and play capability like the other FS games. I will change this review if they fix this.
liviu.parra	Recommended	7.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198288712652/	Would sugest waiting for some mods to come out and some bugs to be sorted.At the moment you can't play this game in a serious way. I just went in there, looked at the maps, bought some tractors and that's about it and I think it will be like this till mods like Courseplay come out and I can find a map that is not as ugly and miserable as the ones in the base game.I like how grass, weeds and bushes are animated and how they look. Don't really like that the interaction between them, seems a bit weird and unnatural.Found really annoying the fact that shadows do a litle dance, like the light source moves left to right all the time.Also, once you stop steering the wheels remain in place so you have to guess when you can go straight and this can result in a lot of left and right adjustments. This is realistic, but in real life I would have no problem with this, in a game this can take a lot of time.Giants put a lot of work and try do nice things, but it just feels like in some places they have no clue.Would still recommend the game as I can see some improvements which with the right mods could make for a nice farming game.
Tank_Hunter	Recommended	11.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198076586639/	Farming Simulator is back....
Zentarus	Recommended	37.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198083482666/	Still settling into the game so will probably come back and update this review later.  So far I'm absolutely loving the new game.   Definite upgrade in graphics from 15 (not sure about 17).  I like that they added an interactive farm house where you can sleep the night away.  I like the additional equipment, animals and other things they've added into the store.  I have heard some folks who have steering wheel peripherals having issues, but I've also heard that's easily fixed through settings.  Don't know what to tell folks on that right now I'm keyboard and mouse and it's just fine :DIf this sort of game perks your interest at all, Giants does it better than anyone else and it's worth getting.
[GOTR] xraysteve	Recommended	13.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197982702202/	Great Graphics!  A lot of fun!
psychomike127	Recommended	16.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198045290877/	time to get my farming on.
ChristianBF	Recommended	20.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/MCBF/	Better Grapics, but still some small bugs after the Realice
SKirby00	Recommended	30.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198105198430/	Although this game does have its fair share of hiccups, the honest truth is that im having a lot of fun. I played a lot of FS15 and a decent amount of FS17 and this does seem like a considerable improvement. Here are some of the pros and cons that seem to make the biggest difference to ME.Pros:- Contracts (missions) are MUCH better. Some of the improvements here involve the ability to leave them and come back, the ability to put workers on contracts, and the ability to use your own equipment for an increased reward. Best thing here though is that there are now multipart contracts (for example mow a feild and then bale everything). Transportation contracts are also back.- Ability to place all farm buildings, animal pens, and silos, this means not being locked into certain parts of the map (but dont get too excited yet. We'll come back to this one in the cons)- Ability to truely start from scratch. This is made possible by the ability to buy the farm buildings- Vehicle degradation mechanic is now much better (and no daily costs for vehicles/tools) Vehicles lose horsepower as they degrade, but they can be easily repaired. (I hated how this used to work in 17 so this was a big plus for me)- The shop. Everything about the shop is great, you can now customize vehicles with a great preview screen to see how your changes will actually look on the vehicles.- Felsbrunn. In general I quite like this map. I didn't really like either base map in 17 and never bothered to mod in a new one. - Graphics. Great lighting, great models.- Map seems a LITTLE bit more alive with the addition of the birds - Game runs very smoothly (for me and my friends at least)- Dog. This dog is kinda meh, but I just like dogs in general :)- Horses. They bring a cool new way to interact with and make money with animals. I like the Diversity- John Deere. Looks like they finally got the rights to this brand.- Cotton. It's a little different from basic grain crops, I like the diversity. Cons:- The new placeable buildings are not implemented very well. They pretty much require perfectly 100% flat land, but the devs have a fetish for hills and slopes and pretty much any terrain that doesnt work very well with the new placeable buildings system. The only flat place is the area where they have the farm in the mode where you start with a prebuilt farm... so much for not being limited to certain parts of the map.- Not really any decent places on either of the maps to put the animal enclosures.- The new starting modes (New farmer, Farm manager, and Start from scratch) replace the old easy, medium hard. I think you should be able to choose what you start with independently from what diificulty you want to play on. For example, starting from scratch on with easy economonic difficulty or starting with a premade farm on hard.- They still havent fixed the physics, most notably for logs and pallets- They removed all passive income placeables such as solar panels, windmills, and greenhouses (although im sure modders will fix this one). But just why?? I always liked having a few to offset my daily costs, if some people dont like how they work, they could have just chosen to not use em.- A lot of stuff (vehicles, tools, ect.) is gone from the shop that used to be there in 15 and 17. Once again, modders will surely tackle this problem pretty quickly, and I cant honestly complain because there was a lot more added to the shop than removed.All said and done, im having more fun here than i did on FS17. Theres a lot of stuff i love, and most of my problems with the game wont be too difficult to work around in one way or another. Also, it seems like the devs are trying to work on improving the placeables just a little bit at least. I do have to agree that certain parts of the game feel somewhat incomplete, but that hasnt gotten in the way of me enjoying it and i would recommend the game to any fan of the series.
Florian2406	Recommended	17.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Florian2406/	Pros:- A few features that were missing in FS17 were now added (e.g. contractwork in multiplayer)- Looks pretty good- A lot of vehicles and tools were added- You can choose how you want to start the savegame, either with vehicles and buildings or jsut moneyCons:- Still same engine with bad/no physics, just updated graphics- You cannot choose to start the savegame with vehicles and buildings in multiplayer- The AI driving around the map is stupid... They just keep ramming you causing you to flip, except if you're using a helper, then they keep distance and wait for the helper to finish the turn or smth.So I actually am not sure if you should or should not purchase this game. But i guess so, it's fun to play, especially in multiplayer.@Giants & Focus: Would like to see some updates concerning the AI driving around the map.
giddyraccoon	Recommended	12.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/giddyraccoon/	Excellent game but better with friends!!few minor bugs but aren't game changing
gothicmoon097	Recommended	36.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198080592576/	This is my first time playing a FS game. I did however play sim farm a long time. I can see myself putting a lot of time and energy into this game because I have found it quite fun and somewhat realistic. My only negative feedback would be some of the bugs, and possibly making the tutorial a little bit clearer in parts.
[SOR]Brody	Recommended	80.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/brodster121/	I've enjoyed the series since Farming Simulator 2009, and pre ordered 19 as soon as I could. After much waiting and much impatience, it's finally here.Pros: - Enjoyable - New graphics - New machines - New brands - New crops/animals - UI overhual - Multiplayer improvementsCons: - Bugs (Just released, and will most likely be fixed) - Missing machines from older games - Focused around newer machines / very little for older machines - No flatbed for general hualling - No equipment to modify ground other that placeables
RogueHogue	Recommended	13.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TheRogueHogue/	This game is above what I expected. There are occasional bugs, and going into the farmhouse is an absolute nightmare. But, other than that it is an absolute blast.
theonlydave83	Recommended	18.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198160722338/	Love the idea of placeable animal pens.  Just needs better maps and seasons.  Cant wait to see what the modders come up with.  I think they are the ones that truely make these games great.
GrameJunior | bobjunior.at	Recommended	7.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/GrameJunior/	much fun
VeNm LuNaTeK	Recommended	13.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mike1000195/	Game is very similar to FS17 in alot of ways, although i dont think it should be called a copy-paste. the graphics we're completely redone, and look absolutely stunning now. i agree with some other reviews that the american map could be a little bit better, but ill play them reguardless. if you dont have it yet, or if you havent bought farm sim yet, buy it. no hesitation.
rashersandbeans	Recommended	33.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198080187765/	Serious improvement to light and physics engine
FDR Logging	Recommended	6.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/fdrlogging/	A bit of a rough start with a few issues with controls, but overall a nice improvement from FS17 Large improvements to the physics system which is great for or Logging and Modding team! I have no doubt the small issues will be fixed and patched shortly but its a worthy upgrade over its predecessor
Sjöstedt	Recommended	30.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197962283421/	Alright, I have not really played this game to much, but I do recomend it, it just needs some fixes here and there. But otherwise this game is super fun to play in Multiplayer, wich got an BIG improvment, mp is now lag-free.
Diesel Deer	Recommended	48.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198424888690/	My now New Favorite Game, Farming Simulator 19 (aka FS19) Although my pc Is absolute trash can't even run Fortnite, it still has great graphics, although not the best. Finally we welcome John Deer to the fleet of the many machines. Many people say its a ripoff of Farming Simulator 17, that's because they haven't tried it yet. The controlling is a little to get used to, but once you do, the game is a lot of fun. Highly recommend to anyone, its a very calming game, and my personal favorite part about all of the FS series, you never run out of things to do, but its not stressful.
[PG]Fantti | Papat.fi	Recommended	29.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197960717147/	Product received for free
cheechandchong420	Recommended	2.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/cheechandchong420/	OK. Why can't I buy the mahindra UTV. Just because I didn't have the money for the Pre-Order I don't get that awesome feature. At least make it available as a DLC. Honestly i love the game so far. Just let me buy the Mahindra.
cherokee480go	Recommended	15.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198800402680/	This game is great and the graphics are  awesome.
Pinock	Recommended	23.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197987352556/	Just one thing: it's not as good as you expect.Real slogan of this game is "Farm like before with mods. But without..."Upd: unfortunately I've missed refund :( My bad.
liviu.parra	Recommended	7.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198288712652/	Would sugest waiting for some mods to come out and some bugs to be sorted.At the moment you can't play this game in a serious way. I just went in there, looked at the maps, bought some tractors and that's about it and I think it will be like this till mods like Courseplay come out and I can find a map that is not as ugly and miserable as the ones in the base game.I like how grass, weeds and bushes are animated and how they look. Don't really like that the interaction between them, seems a bit weird and unnatural.Found really annoying the fact that shadows do a litle dance, like the light source moves left to right all the time.Also, once you stop steering the wheels remain in place so you have to guess when you can go straight and this can result in a lot of left and right adjustments. This is realistic, but in real life I would have no problem with this, in a game this can take a lot of time.Giants put a lot of work and try do nice things, but it just feels like in some places they have no clue.Would still recommend the game as I can see some improvements which with the right mods could make for a nice farming game.
kraig501	Not Recommended	9.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198158461397/	I really hope Giants does some serious tweaking to this game, it does look better and it never stuttered once, however many other aspects of this game seem to be piled into one large piece of crap. The vehicles seem to drive awful and compare the railroad crossings to the ones on the Goldcrest map and you will see the garbage being displayed in FS19. I have 1,184 hours logged for FS17 and at this point I would honestly say FS17 is better to me. I hope the modding community can save this game, otherwise its worth about $10 in my opinion. When or if the game improves I will give a positive review, until then I can't in good faith recommend this game to anyone.
AShadowbox	Recommended	20.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ashadowbox/	I've been playing Farming Simulator since FS2011.  This is without a doubt the best Farming Simulator game to date.  Is it as good as FS17 + mods + DLC?  No, not yet.  BUT it's better than the FS17 base game for sure!  I'm so excited for mods and DLC for this game!  I'm enjoying horse farming and contract work a lot.  I haven't had any game breaking bugs like some other users have reported.
LAGarn	Recommended	29.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/LAGarn/	It has bugs but ALMOST every game that got realesed had bugs really so you shuld not not recommend the game for the bugs
Cyder	Recommended	4.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mmcydermm/	Best!
exlin	Recommended	39.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197975206275/	I like this a lot and I believe once we start to get mods that brings more realism this game will become even better. As often with semi-yearly releases this isn't revolutionary but it looks and feels better than previous version and I am happy with a purchase. In multiplayer there is still sync screen (but it's quicker now) and similar kind of issues can still be seen as in FS17  multiplayer like that not always when you load game you have correct field states from every field until you have driven around a bit as it fixes / loads those fields once they are within draw distance.tl;dr; newer and more beatiful version of same game. Nothing too major, instead of smaller improvements and added functionality  to a already great game.
MLP_☠COLTRON☠K|NGP|N☠	Recommended	16.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/COLTRON388/	11/10
Pixel Fuzz [GR]	Recommended	6.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/pixelfuzz/	Great game with some new additions from FS17.
ONEPACK│シ│	Recommended	7.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/therealbleyer/	Great game worth of purchase.Multiplayer working amazingThere is still some bugs but the game works great. 
ム T-Bone ツ	Recommended	38.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/krillona07/	Extreamly good game.
Čimosnik daun	Recommended	43.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/BurokelisJr/	game is good but i find one glich if i plow agro mash disks gose sideways
d0p3m4n	Recommended	16.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197970432340/	awesome as always! makes a lot of fun, specially with friends in multiplayer!
AyeYerMa	Recommended	16.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/nunyo_bidness/	Hmm...I want to love it...but it's not what I expected.It looks like a re-release of Farming Simulator 17. I get it, Farming isn't exactly a gripping, story filled adventure, but everthing I hated about Farming Simulator 17 has been carried through to this one.Differences that I've spotted.1: Graphics have been improved.2: You have the option to build your farm from scratch. Premade farm is only available on what was once 'EASY' mode.3: UI is very different, it's nice, but a lot still works the same which is good.4: More Crops, can't really complain, but it's still early for me, I'm sure I'll find something to complain about.5: You can buy placeable silage silos now....FINALLY. I had to use a map editor on FS17.6: Horses.7: The trains/trolleys don't just sit in one spot, they zoom around the map.8: You can download the Estancia Lepacho map as a mod in-game, it was the map included in FS17 Platinum Edition.9: Animal animations are a lot better, they used to be quite jumpy in FS17.I really hope they fix the damn shadow draw distance, it's incredibly short. I genuinely hate seeing shadows appear out of nowhere when I'm driving, especially with the train. When you drive the train and zoom out you can SEE the circle in which the shadows appear. It's quite ugly and tbh detracts from the whole experience. I will update this review when I play more :D
BrunoTheMerlin	Recommended	17.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/BTM16/	Very nice step forward from FS17 by Giants Software! Sure , we are impatient to get more mods but the game itself without any is fun and relaxing.
WizardRylie	Recommended	27.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Rylie/	Top notch farming game, overall improvement over the pervious titles.
Bearded_Downunder	Recommended	43.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/libertylion/	Just one update away from being a good FS game. Recommend you get this one if you enjoyed the older versions, it is worth it.The graphics on the field are much better, and the addition of horses makes the game truly different. A lot of functions are still there, yet have been approache differently, which seems to work out well.
rickykegs	Not Recommended	4.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198022174945/	I have had all of the previous versions of farming simulator and i must say....unfortunately this one is the worst in regards to control and navigating throughout the menus.  As a curriculum developer for special ops, I feel this program was ultimately successfuly due to in part of the easy navigation throughout the menus.  I feel now, playing it for 5 minutes, I am already giving up on it just because naviation throughout the menus is to the newbie difficult.  To judge a game, i immediately saved a game, edited it in my "saved game" file, edited the money portion to an infintite number, and tried to navigate smoothly from there.  With infited funds, it was still a challenge to navigate between menus and getting the game to work smoothly like prior versions.
www.eric800	Recommended	57.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/rockysgames/	I have logged 23 hrs on Farming Simulator 19 so far. It is so much better. There are words i can't discribe any better that saying AWESOME, I highly recomend this game 100% for the price it is worth it? People come on seriously. I don't see anything wrong with the graphics it all looks good to me, people with negetive reviews you just havn't given this a try. The Dev's worked realy hard on this and I think they did an AWESOME JOB with it. I happen to own FS09 FS11 FS13 FS15 FS17 and FS19 all these farm games including Professional Farmer 14 and I as a game enthousiest happen to love these games so those of you out there given negitive reviews hurts the Dev's and other people who happen to love farming? I'am sorry if this hurts others saying that, but that is the truth?
Dr. Jamaicas	Recommended	34.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Jaimerrrrrrrrrr/	Good
🆂🆄🆁🆅🅸🆅🅾🆁	Recommended	27.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/hqdead/	 thats greatgood graphic and Its a more polished
spagettikatt	Recommended	6.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mannenmedswaggen/	I have no clue of what I'm doing in this game but it's fun. Don't be mad cuz bad and keep playing, or maybe the game is just not for you.
Freddy	Recommended	3.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Frederikeik/	At first I was a bit sceptic about what actually was new about the game besides the graphic. But then I got to play it a bit more and found out that theres many things thats new, and alot of improvements from the 17 version. Although the preorder wasn't necessary cause there's already mods with the car you got. But im still happy with it. The Farming Simulator series keeps it's position as one of my alltime favourite games.
Sebbeleb	Recommended	32.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Jamba_Lamba/	Veri nais. John deere nais. Fendt sweet yes. New stuff cool aight. This shiiiets tight yo.
Neon	Recommended	47.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/1337_Neon/	Very nice game, little pricy tho!
M0EJ0E	Recommended	24.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mrthn/	Weeds.... why...
Dukerules41	Recommended	2.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/dukerules41/	Love the farming simulator games, and this one is another great! Love the addition of John Deere and the new maps.
piedudeaus	Recommended	19.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/piedude/	FS19 is way better than previous versions. If you even just have just a vague interest in sim games, grab Farm Simulator 2019.
Zohen	Recommended	44.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198023205180/	The Best Farming Game 10/10
[LSL*] Deus	Recommended	29.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198026175747/	Needs more tension belts
Turtlesaur	Recommended	27.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jonnyrbe/	Great game, beautiful graphics and engaging gameplay. If you've never taken the farming simulator plunge I suggest you try it! Yes there are a few optimizations that need to happen, but it's been 1 day. Waiting for some patches and Moda to make the game flow a bit better.
sdiffenderfer9061	Recommended	34.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198290294560/	can get money hack to work 
Solmyr	Recommended	30.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/solmyr101/	Good with friends.
GGzec	Recommended	18.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/GGzec/	Has some bugs, but overall it's an improvement  from FS17. 
SmilerJo3	Recommended	39.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198061436011/	best farming game out there by far
Xoobra	Recommended	23.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198340188627/	On hyvä
405 | ChaserEraser	Recommended	37.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TheSquadChaserEraser/	A big upgrade from Farming Simulator 17, the new graphics are great and the new things to do in game are why better then before
Thoubias95	Recommended	20.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/thoubias/	Once the hotfix for steering wheels and couple other bugs comes out, and community created mods start to emerge, this will most likely be the best Farming Simulator ever! There is no doubting that they have improved a lot of things! And the graphics are not just FS 2008 with shaders, they have really made a lot more to them.
MrMelon	Recommended	37.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/MrKelvin411/	Farming simulator 17 but way better!
JonSlade	Recommended	47.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198301941421/	Great Franchise and a wonderful update to the series. I can't wait to rack up hours playing this.
6112_gunner	Recommended	16.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/6112gunner/	This is the best game ever!! The graphics are so much better than Farming Simulator 17. The engine sounds are so much more realistic. This is the best farn sim!!
★Loutakos★	Recommended	9.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Loutakos/	awesome
Nickname34	Recommended	37.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198151138813/	Better than fs 17 for the most part 
ormbaggen	Recommended	20.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198060799643/	It is an awesome game for people who just like to relax and not have to worry about stuff. Great for relaxation and putting your mind at ease.9/10 Some bugs exist
BK Nation	Recommended	14.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/BluebirdNation/	This might be one of the greatest Farming SImulators Giants Software has put out. With over 300 pieces of machinery and vehicles, one doesn't need mods to have an awesome time. The graphics are stunning and the game is forgiving. It doesn't matter if a person plays the game in low settings or the highest possible, it still great looking. Would reccommend this game to all people.
Stone_Aged_Sid	Recommended	23.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/stzwgaming/	again not much changed in the ground textures to me it still looks the same as it did in 13but for the vehicles its a Giant step forward the detail and the turny spinny moving things i luv it the way that the machinery now moves on its own im in love plzz put in some more old tractors and especially fent
zzaa	Recommended	3.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198385399272/	不错，游戏真实度比较高。闲暇时光可以放松放松
snekborn	Recommended	15.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198402101950/	Great game, a lot more content than previous Farmong Simulators
OneYearABatman	Recommended	6.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198186902794/	Best farming sim game ive ever played with so many more vehicles and the graphics look amazing new crops like oats and cotton addwd as well
Merlijn.Grunn	Recommended	13.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/selbiekoekie/	The new way they've made the controls of the forestry equipment is still really buggy and defenately not an improvement at this time.
ONEPACK│シ│	Recommended	7.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/therealbleyer/	Great game worth of purchase.Multiplayer working amazingThere is still some bugs but the game works great. 
Le Hannibal	Recommended	1.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198275632762/	An awesome update from the customation of an character + multiplayer where you can have  your own farm along side your friends.
Tomek	Recommended	37.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197991848054/	Good old Farming Simulator with machinary from new brands and the addition of horses. The farming manager mode is a nice way to design your own farm yard.
A Fucking Dishwasher	Recommended	18.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198135815526/	its ok
Hanji	Recommended	9.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/KinkyCringe/	This is a great game with a good multiplayer aspect
[26th MEU] SGT P. Carman	Recommended	25.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198247781664/	Game just came out but from what little ive played it already beats all the previous Farmin sim games just by 1 detail and yes I do say this as I live in Southern USA. THEY HAVE JOHN DEERE
shrek9677	Recommended	47.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198821449136/	all in all not to bad
GamerBiggie	Recommended	31.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Gamerbiggie/	I love this game. I have been playing for a little while and spent about 80 hours in  Farming Sim 17 and I must say the changes are really good and needed, I am unsure I could say it would be worth the price the game is at currently as there isn't that drastic of a change from 17 unless you are a fan of the serious ofc, I only got the game for the changes and the fact I played my moneys worth in the last one.Overall I would say probably best to wait for a sale unless you know you will spend a lot of time in the game
Maxxx	Recommended	36.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198009773149/	each one gets a little better.   Just wish they had included Seasons and Course Play
João Coelho	Recommended	14.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/joaorabit/	It's true that this game has it's bugs but from the limited experience that I've got so far I can alredy say that this game is going to be one of the ones that I'm going to be contantly playing.
Emptyclip	Recommended	82.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197966250795/	Best farm sim yet. Looks great lots of new stuff everything from placeables to new tractors. Has some bugs that need to be worked out but what game  doesnt come out buggy these days most of problems people are having is from old pc's or people that want to use controler/wheels which are having problems that the devs said will be fixed soon.
niftymikey	Recommended	37.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198004257299/	I spent 3 hours cutting trees and chopping wood to make room for a larger field...  I may need help but it is definitely addictive and satisfying when you complete a goal.  Looks pretty nice unless you get right up on the textures and controls fairly well.  So far, no game breaking bugs for me.
TheGamingEspeon/Ender	Recommended	9.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198436201716/	it's fun
KingBirdy	Recommended	26.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/1999kingbirdy/	Great game, nice upgrade from fs17.Farm building isn't what I expected
Churchill Cat	Recommended	33.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198032526734/	I last played Farming Sim 15, so the jump to 19 is leaps and bounds better. There is a lot more things to do in FS19 in comparision to FS15 which is what you should expect. The physics are a little bit better than 15 but still a bit wobbly at times.  I already know this game is going to be a good time sink for me. I'm on the fence about the fact that we have to download some mod for better trailers and other implements.Not too sure if this Review will help you buy it. (Mainly did this review for the Steam Awards)
Dark Master	Recommended	47.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198269584365/	FS17 is a beautiful game with more realistic mods, but in FS19 is already ingame
Endercrew9500	Recommended	6.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198257408058/	This game is honestly one of the best games i have. its graphics has been inproved and the lighting is way better than FS17. There are still bugs here and there but i know giants will sort it out in no time at all. 10/10
ladykiller CZ	Recommended	14.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198016806309/	I recommend the game again, moving away from the previous part.
FireFrost	Recommended	17.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198031799749/	   Wicked awesome game , no need to grab the "special" editions theyre already modded and downloadable , since steam has the "lame "edition lol thought we got the limited black also with this version but all I got was the red one . ya words can't desribe how amazing this version is 2019 loving it = ) worth buying . alreadfy got the limited black and john deer gator also = ) - to see all the other companies trying to make something like this is funny , we don't want a 2nd best  , esp when the best of the best does it so good , you rock Giants®
C04L	Recommended	36.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197960530568/	**First Impressions**   (not a full Review-- Reserved for later next week for fairness)So far 100minutes in game. Have had alot of fun so far. Plenty of choice in the game modes.Key binds are carried over from previous FarmingSimulator** where aplicable.New features, cotton, horses, chickens and more are good, great additions imo.Over 300 vehicles/tools to use on the farmland, Beautifully reproduced all with moving parts, cool as heck.As with all FS releases we get two wonderful maps to start with, More to come incl' from the tallented Mod community.Contains a robust options menu to customize the game to run on most common low end to high end PC's. (always check it out and adjust for best results)The Contracts look to be fun, similar to 17 but more than 17. incl' delivering the contracts goods to a selling point, point to point deliveries and so on.All in All (as stated) my first 100minutes has been very positive. definately worth £29.99. Would Recomend((dont forget to Yay/Nay helpfulness thankyou))
texasmed	Recommended	37.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/texasmed/	The improvements to the game are noticeable and I think this is a great way to continue the series.  The amount of equipment included in the base game is amazing and the controls are great.  The updated graphics are also highly appreciated!
EPICbanana24	Recommended	31.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/EPICbanana24/	Words cannot begin to describe what a masterpiece Farming Simulator 19 is <3
Zwonkie	Recommended	34.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/zwonkie/	I like it, it looks better then FS17 and more stuff this time !!
FFH|Scania	Recommended	28.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/scania12/	Farming Simulator 19 is hands down the best farming game on Steam! Great first impressions.
.:RoCargo:. Kmiktze	Recommended	39.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Kmiktze/	The most epic and wonderfull farming simulator game until now.
arnaskveraga	Recommended	9.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198388045440/	is cool 
Topper	Recommended	51.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/topper1976/	I like it alot. but it need a bit of work. The graphics is not that great, some are good and some are not.
zzaa	Recommended	3.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198385399272/	不错，游戏真实度比较高。闲暇时光可以放松放松
snekborn	Recommended	15.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198402101950/	Great game, a lot more content than previous Farmong Simulators
Nephariius	Recommended	3.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Nephariius/	good game
Koneei	Recommended	16.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/koneei/	So far I am enjoying it.
Endercrew9500	Recommended	6.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198257408058/	This game is honestly one of the best games i have. its graphics has been inproved and the lighting is way better than FS17. There are still bugs here and there but i know giants will sort it out in no time at all. 10/10
Jay	Recommended	60.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/JayBurton/	Good Game, BUY IT NOW.
stynzie	Recommended	43.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/stynzie/	Having played FS since 11 i think its fab. Great step up from 17. Not sure where all the critism is coming from. No, it doesn't run on your 10+y/o laptop.
ThUnD3R	Recommended	23.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/1241thund3r/	A good game with a good engine and a good grafic
mikeytheking06	Recommended	15.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mikeytheking06/	fun
GamerKing	Recommended	14.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/MadBabyDriver/	Product received for free
Kraytex1	Not Recommended	45.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198012956451/	So I can't recommend this game in it's current state. It's great looking, but not a vast improvement on 17. The new features in multiplayer are quite nice, however some of the features arent very well thought out.My biggest gripe, and the reason for this downvote is simply this.. Multiple controllers are just not working properly.I have a G29 wheel and pedals, and also the Logitech farm sim controller. Now I can't seem to play for very long if at all before the game crashes. I narrowed the issue to what seems to be a binding issue. When I am changing the binds on the farm sim controller, sometimes there's an error. So as soon as you try to load into a vehicle with a crane etc, the game just crashes.So hopefully this will get patched, and I will update. If not, and you use multiple controllers... AVOID!!! If you have a fix, then I would be very pleased to hear it :D
[GOTR] xraysteve	Recommended	13.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197982702202/	Great Graphics!  A lot of fun!
psychomike127	Recommended	16.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198045290877/	time to get my farming on.
AlexDanielC	Recommended	4.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/AlexDanielC/	It's the best! I buyed every game from 2013 and I really love Farming games! Buy It!
SeekanDestroy	Recommended	86.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197991779785/	I currently have 41 hours in this game i must say it is better then FS17 it does have a couple problems but what half these people are saying about this game and giving it a negtive review about how it's just a DLC for FS17 are blind and don't notice the upgrades
Paps	Recommended	29.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197984345314/	  Loving this game so far.  The equipement offered is awsome, the AI is MUCH improved and the new graphics engine is a big improvement.  No more crops coming through the floor of your vehicles and roofs of buildings actually keep the weather outside.  There are some minor things that I'm sure that will be addressed in future updates, but nothing game breaking that I've experienced so far.  Can't wait for the modders to get in full swing and offer new maps and bring things over that were so good on FS17.  Thanks Giants.
MrMelon	Recommended	37.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/MrKelvin411/	Farming simulator 17 but way better!
OneYearABatman	Recommended	6.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198186902794/	Best farming sim game ive ever played with so many more vehicles and the graphics look amazing new crops like oats and cotton addwd as well
Merlijn.Grunn	Recommended	13.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/selbiekoekie/	The new way they've made the controls of the forestry equipment is still really buggy and defenately not an improvement at this time.
BK Nation	Recommended	14.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/BluebirdNation/	This might be one of the greatest Farming SImulators Giants Software has put out. With over 300 pieces of machinery and vehicles, one doesn't need mods to have an awesome time. The graphics are stunning and the game is forgiving. It doesn't matter if a person plays the game in low settings or the highest possible, it still great looking. Would reccommend this game to all people.
Stone_Aged_Sid	Recommended	23.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/stzwgaming/	again not much changed in the ground textures to me it still looks the same as it did in 13but for the vehicles its a Giant step forward the detail and the turny spinny moving things i luv it the way that the machinery now moves on its own im in love plzz put in some more old tractors and especially fent
Trinite	Recommended	54.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198028060335/	It took me a day and a half to get the thing working. So may bugs I feel like a QA department.  Now that that's fixed, I'm having fun.
Tk_Polgara	Recommended	16.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/MissPolgara/	really enjoing playing this game with my boyfriend we had 15 now got 19 so much better. still able to break the game physic's still like climbing sky high into the air on world boarders hehe .
badrobot91	Recommended	54.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198063499617/	great game with beautiful graphics and views. there still a few bugs but i already know they are being worked on. love this indeapth game and with controler sapport with my g27 wheel just jab. cant wait for more dlc and mods to come to the game.
patbenja123	Recommended	43.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/patbenja123/	This game is one off the best i played in a while.Love to play. 
Joim	Recommended	35.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197973106352/	Good update if you skipped 17 but should be a dlc like every other game that just is a sequel without major changes.
Thoubias95	Recommended	20.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/thoubias/	Once the hotfix for steering wheels and couple other bugs comes out, and community created mods start to emerge, this will most likely be the best Farming Simulator ever! There is no doubting that they have improved a lot of things! And the graphics are not just FS 2008 with shaders, they have really made a lot more to them.
MrMelon	Recommended	37.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/MrKelvin411/	Farming simulator 17 but way better!
JonSlade	Recommended	47.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198301941421/	Great Franchise and a wonderful update to the series. I can't wait to rack up hours playing this.
6112_gunner	Recommended	16.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/6112gunner/	This is the best game ever!! The graphics are so much better than Farming Simulator 17. The engine sounds are so much more realistic. This is the best farn sim!!
★Loutakos★	Recommended	9.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Loutakos/	awesome
Nickname34	Recommended	37.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198151138813/	Better than fs 17 for the most part 
ormbaggen	Recommended	20.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198060799643/	It is an awesome game for people who just like to relax and not have to worry about stuff. Great for relaxation and putting your mind at ease.9/10 Some bugs exist
BK Nation	Recommended	14.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/BluebirdNation/	This might be one of the greatest Farming SImulators Giants Software has put out. With over 300 pieces of machinery and vehicles, one doesn't need mods to have an awesome time. The graphics are stunning and the game is forgiving. It doesn't matter if a person plays the game in low settings or the highest possible, it still great looking. Would reccommend this game to all people.
Stone_Aged_Sid	Recommended	23.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/stzwgaming/	again not much changed in the ground textures to me it still looks the same as it did in 13but for the vehicles its a Giant step forward the detail and the turny spinny moving things i luv it the way that the machinery now moves on its own im in love plzz put in some more old tractors and especially fent
OneYearABatman	Recommended	6.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198186902794/	Best farming sim game ive ever played with so many more vehicles and the graphics look amazing new crops like oats and cotton addwd as well
geirlogi	Recommended	20.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198434632038/	its a very good game
Ineselly	Recommended	29.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Emilkierbiec2004/	dont expect to much in this stage it was kind of rushed
둠박스	Recommended	38.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SirDoombox/	This is my first farming simulator game. As such I don't have a way to compare the improvements on offer here over the previous titles.However this game is pretty great, but only if you really like simulators or doing menial labour in your spare time for fun.It's hard to explain the charm of games like this and Euro Truck Simulator, there's just something satisfying about a job well done.I highly recommend this game if you enjoyed ETS2 or think you might like to try something a little different. The learning curve is pretty high because the game assumes that you actually know something about farming, the tutorials help but there's a lot of stuff you'll not be sure of and you'll be hoping that someone explained it or you can figure it out yourself, which for me is part of the fun.
[GG] Lone_Shepherd	Recommended	13.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/loki4252/	It is great game highly graphic, very relestic, if you are questioning on buying it, you should do it.
Kenshee	Recommended	26.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/boboNOOB1337/	So far it's a good game. It needs more mods/placebles!
Vito Scaletta	Recommended	34.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/lagenerale/	Unlike the other farming simulator in the series, this would be the one with the most content aswell as introducing John Deere as a manufactorer for the first time in the game.It also features a whole new weather system, where you can predict the weather from looking at the sky.If you'd like, you can always move your gameplay over to caretaking your animals. Also introducing for the first time, horses!Now you can also choose the positioning of your animal pens to wherever you like, and you have to buy the land where you want to place it, wich makes it much more realistic.I also notice that there are some few flaws in the game, but it's nothing that will bother you too much. Also i think it will be fixed in the near future!Best game in the series so far.
SirAmikVarze	Recommended	10.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198070614463/	Not half bad
Nortron	Recommended	3.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Nortron_/	Its a new game with a few bugs, Giants has always worked them out. Should they have had more of a beta or testing period? yeah, but they didn't. Its a great game to chill and relax to. I'll update my review as the game gets updated
Charles Suggett	Recommended	2.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/charles_k_suggett/	the mirrors work, the tractors are better, and its fun.
Dudly	Recommended	27.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198008867903/	As a long time farmingsim fan I have been looking forward to the release of this game and getting existed about horses and more crops.The adding of John Deere is a nice thing, but I would have rather seen that the money and time that were spent to get them to join, would have been spent on more improvements of the graphic engine.You can still see the maximum drawrange, and this has been the case for the last couple of games and breaks the immersion. The AI workers are still a strange bunch to say the least. The AI traffic still drives like there on a Russian dashcam YouTube channel, now with the added bonus of them honking angrily at you when you’re 5 meters away working your field, they stop on the road because apparently, they can’t pass you.Overall: would still recommend the game, it’s fun to play. However, this is the last one I’ll preorder and pay the full price for if they don’t improve at least the graphic engine.
sweetzombiejeebus	Not Recommended	9.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198009712803/	Thousands of hours in FS15 and FS17.  Own every DLC avaialble.  Refunded FS19 because the graphics are ugly (every day is a Smog Day in FS19), user interface is largely unreadable, controls are incredibly twitchy, UI breaks a lot of the conventions that were previously used for no real benefit.  Guys, how do you make the modhub LESS intuitive?  Really...  Build your own farm is so poorly implemented its a bad joke.  I was really looking forward to that feature....  Dogs and horses don't seem to add anything to the game and they're pretty poorly done.  Some of these issues might be fixed by Giants.  Others might be sorted out by modders.  I'll watch and wait.  If the patches sort of some of the issues, and mods come out to fix the others I might consider buying it again on a sale.  Right now though, FS17 is a far better game experience.
H0ld3n70	Recommended	20.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198227139776/	Awesome game, nice improvement from Farming Sim 17.
Victor	Not Recommended	8.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/vmontes85/	Freezes everytime i try to attach something to the tractor... I'm not the onlyone and i can't believe all devs keep launching games without proper testing... G27 is the most used wheel out there, and i have to spend an hour configuring it for the game that most people play with wheel... anyway... waiting for fixes... i know i will enjoy this game eventually so refound is not an option but hey Giants... test the game!!!!
Boxsetlucky	Not Recommended	16.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198388340102/	what to say... it's great detail on the farm equipment. Maps are cluddered ...when it rains, it rains inside structers i'v built... the AI is still awful... couldnt plow a field to save it's life.  My  fields are ready for harvest...  rains forever  so i speed up the time... crops wither it's still raining! So Frustrating  ; / ... Kinda feels like Giants software just took fs 17 and added mods  and re-sold  the game as new. The game is just  50/100
Vanilla Ice	Recommended	50.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198334163115/	This farm sim compared to the last  one is 100x better in terms of detail everything has a really good detail and just makes you say "dang that is a good looking ____". there are also many more vehicles and implements to use, also horses, cotton and oats where added. Very good game overall, 10/10.
Titanic46618	Recommended	32.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Titanic46618/	So far I would recommend Farming Simulator 19. While it undeniably overhyped and the menus of GUIs of the game are fairly unfriendly users, the game plays well overall. The graphics are a small upgrade from Farming Simulator 17, especially with the revamped lighting engine. The wide variety of content in the game makes it very fun to play and explore. The maps are decent from what I have seen but could have definitely been laid out better. While many people are saying that it is just a reskin of FS17 with more tractors, the game is truly a step up once you play it for over 10 hours. If you have the time and money for this game, I would high advise you to try it out with an open mind.
kick1ass45	Recommended	16.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198373512813/	This game is fun way better than previous ones and just addicting to play when u get into it
Zagi	Recommended	21.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/zagi_/	The game is really good,the price is fair..It have more opportunities then the previous version of the game.Better graphic,better physics of the game and more tools,tractors,new map etc..If you like that kind of game and if you play a lot then i recommend it to you!
Plmko 666	Recommended	39.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198038593119/	Such a good game always good with friends
Atlastic	Recommended	10.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198137233581/	FS19 has to be one of the most realistic Farming Sims of all time. This game feels so real compared to the others!! Thank you Giants Software!
Ham Sjel	Recommended	9.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198107603452/	Good game
rashersandbeans	Recommended	33.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198080187765/	Serious improvement to light and physics engine
Dr. LifesGood	Recommended	53.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/lifesgood51/	Well, I am satisfied with the game for now. But I was expecting to play 30 hours straight on release.I like the improvements over 17 and I think that mods will make this game great, but at this moment, the reason I bought the game is a disappointment. That being, the farm builder.I wanted to start a farm from scratch, but the number of buildings are extremely limited, the terraforming is bad and I can't even make simple roads or put fences (something that every farm has) . Why?At least we know that better terraforming IS coming and that modders will add a lot of buildings. So yeah, I recommend the game but if you are not sure to buy it, I'd wait for a while.I only bought it because with my local currency the game only costs $15.
Koolerpure	Recommended	18.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/david1995g/	the game is good, its basically the exact same game as the others but adds several new features while also removing some content id say for the better. the game in my opinion is missing alot of things that could make the game better but with in game mod support givin time those missing things will arrive such as building walls or lamps to light up areas. overall im entertained by it when im bored of my usual fps grinds so its nice to kick back and farm
Guerillahunter	Recommended	77.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198040253927/	its good farming, some glitches still, but its good!
Blur220	Recommended	7.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198036023784/	a lot better
Top Daddy	Recommended	33.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198006684635/	I'll keep it short and sweet. In my opinion it's a visual improvement from FS17 and the addition of John Deere equipment is great. Would I ask for this for Christmas? No. But if you have the extra cash the game is worth the buy. There are some bugs and glitches that I'm sure will get ironed out pretty soon. Disappointing the game could have been more complete at launch, so if you're reading this check in on the game in a month or two from now and see how people talk about it.
Rootin' Tootin' Putin	Recommended	5.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198066867562/	there is some corn and a dog....im all in
King Coffee	Recommended	25.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Coffee2Code/	One helluva chill game.Thanks to the PBR textures the game looks amazing and with all the new and more expansive groundwork laid by Giants, the mods for this game will be amazing. I can wholeheartedly recommend this game to anyone who's looking to relax.Set the game speed to real-time and you can tend your fields all day long without the worry that you will lose a crop!Do note that this game has just been released, there are still some bugs but Giants appears to fix them really quickly!Most of the bugs made me and my nephew laugh our asses off though ;)
ian361mccallum	Recommended	12.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198327561149/	A few small bugs but another great game by Gaints
tx613	Recommended	16.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/tx613/	While the game a few things that need slight adjustments such as having to use pallets to fill equipment but they only do 1000 at a time... Also the rewards for misson seem slightly low... But unlike other I think the overall game is good but need a few minor tweeks. Nothing to be getting bent out of shape like some people are.
寿司.	Recommended	28.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/rottingsushi/	For now. This game needs a little more love from the developers. I will wait for the day they'll fix the bugs and add more features.
TimSkinnyStick	Recommended	30.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198053708812/	love the game. have played since FS2008 came out.
Scorpians	Recommended	60.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197985434547/	good game
simonjames247	Recommended	3.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/simonjames247/	I wish I have more time.
Tinman	Recommended	32.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198165254460/	At first I was extremely disappointed in the game. I expected a whole lot more but after spending a good long day playing it I have to say I really enjoy it. Yes there are a few bugs to work out but all in all it's turning out to be pretty decent
jayirvinh	Recommended	22.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198249635090/	I like the norses, sheep, farm equipment. I havn't had any problems with my Saitek farm wheel and controller. The graphics are great.  I have been playing on the American map. I liked Gold Crest Valley better but change is good. Im having lots of fun playing. I like that I can unload seed and fertilizer. I would like to be able to level out terrain where the placeables are, like horse and sheep corrals.
Sim Simma	Recommended	21.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198107566795/	Brilliant!
Drskum	Recommended	14.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198017286006/	Amazing game. Easy to play
jacobrush111	Recommended	23.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198158174106/	Just like the last two versions of this game that i have played (fs15 and fs17), this game is brilliant. There are 100s of hours of potential fun. The devs have done a briliant job and have added so many new things e.g. birds and crop destruction etc. If you are thinking about getting this game then definitely do.
Maxxx	Recommended	36.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198009773149/	each one gets a little better.   Just wish they had included Seasons and Course Play
João Coelho	Recommended	14.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/joaorabit/	It's true that this game has it's bugs but from the limited experience that I've got so far I can alredy say that this game is going to be one of the ones that I'm going to be contantly playing.
Emptyclip	Recommended	82.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197966250795/	Best farm sim yet. Looks great lots of new stuff everything from placeables to new tractors. Has some bugs that need to be worked out but what game  doesnt come out buggy these days most of problems people are having is from old pc's or people that want to use controler/wheels which are having problems that the devs said will be fixed soon.
niftymikey	Recommended	37.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198004257299/	I spent 3 hours cutting trees and chopping wood to make room for a larger field...  I may need help but it is definitely addictive and satisfying when you complete a goal.  Looks pretty nice unless you get right up on the textures and controls fairly well.  So far, no game breaking bugs for me.
AyeYerMa	Recommended	16.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/nunyo_bidness/	Hmm...I want to love it...but it's not what I expected.It looks like a re-release of Farming Simulator 17. I get it, Farming isn't exactly a gripping, story filled adventure, but everthing I hated about Farming Simulator 17 has been carried through to this one.Differences that I've spotted.1: Graphics have been improved.2: You have the option to build your farm from scratch. Premade farm is only available on what was once 'EASY' mode.3: UI is very different, it's nice, but a lot still works the same which is good.4: More Crops, can't really complain, but it's still early for me, I'm sure I'll find something to complain about.5: You can buy placeable silage silos now....FINALLY. I had to use a map editor on FS17.6: Horses.7: The trains/trolleys don't just sit in one spot, they zoom around the map.8: You can download the Estancia Lepacho map as a mod in-game, it was the map included in FS17 Platinum Edition.9: Animal animations are a lot better, they used to be quite jumpy in FS17.I really hope they fix the damn shadow draw distance, it's incredibly short. I genuinely hate seeing shadows appear out of nowhere when I'm driving, especially with the train. When you drive the train and zoom out you can SEE the circle in which the shadows appear. It's quite ugly and tbh detracts from the whole experience. I will update this review when I play more :D
BrunoTheMerlin	Recommended	17.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/BTM16/	Very nice step forward from FS17 by Giants Software! Sure , we are impatient to get more mods but the game itself without any is fun and relaxing.
WizardRylie	Recommended	27.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Rylie/	Top notch farming game, overall improvement over the pervious titles.
Bearded_Downunder	Recommended	43.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/libertylion/	Just one update away from being a good FS game. Recommend you get this one if you enjoyed the older versions, it is worth it.The graphics on the field are much better, and the addition of horses makes the game truly different. A lot of functions are still there, yet have been approache differently, which seems to work out well.
rickykegs	Not Recommended	4.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198022174945/	I have had all of the previous versions of farming simulator and i must say....unfortunately this one is the worst in regards to control and navigating throughout the menus.  As a curriculum developer for special ops, I feel this program was ultimately successfuly due to in part of the easy navigation throughout the menus.  I feel now, playing it for 5 minutes, I am already giving up on it just because naviation throughout the menus is to the newbie difficult.  To judge a game, i immediately saved a game, edited it in my "saved game" file, edited the money portion to an infintite number, and tried to navigate smoothly from there.  With infited funds, it was still a challenge to navigate between menus and getting the game to work smoothly like prior versions.
www.eric800	Recommended	57.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/rockysgames/	I have logged 23 hrs on Farming Simulator 19 so far. It is so much better. There are words i can't discribe any better that saying AWESOME, I highly recomend this game 100% for the price it is worth it? People come on seriously. I don't see anything wrong with the graphics it all looks good to me, people with negetive reviews you just havn't given this a try. The Dev's worked realy hard on this and I think they did an AWESOME JOB with it. I happen to own FS09 FS11 FS13 FS15 FS17 and FS19 all these farm games including Professional Farmer 14 and I as a game enthousiest happen to love these games so those of you out there given negitive reviews hurts the Dev's and other people who happen to love farming? I'am sorry if this hurts others saying that, but that is the truth?
✪ Will Ayy	Recommended	17.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198201685945/	I did this for an achievement.
Twitchery	Recommended	23.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198083804231/	A very good addition to the series.A lot of people bash the graphics, but i think they are a huge improvement over previous titles in the series.Weeds and lime is nice too.Do miss some of equipment from FS17 though and i agree that seasons should be in the game.Haven't experienced to many bugs yet, and the once i've found (and what others have found) will propably be fixsoon.I would give it a solid 8.5/10
Spry	Recommended	7.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SpryDawg13/	Great game, fun with friends
SirAmikVarze	Recommended	10.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198070614463/	Not half bad
Nortron	Recommended	3.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Nortron_/	Its a new game with a few bugs, Giants has always worked them out. Should they have had more of a beta or testing period? yeah, but they didn't. Its a great game to chill and relax to. I'll update my review as the game gets updated
Charles Suggett	Recommended	2.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/charles_k_suggett/	the mirrors work, the tractors are better, and its fun.
Dudly	Recommended	27.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198008867903/	As a long time farmingsim fan I have been looking forward to the release of this game and getting existed about horses and more crops.The adding of John Deere is a nice thing, but I would have rather seen that the money and time that were spent to get them to join, would have been spent on more improvements of the graphic engine.You can still see the maximum drawrange, and this has been the case for the last couple of games and breaks the immersion. The AI workers are still a strange bunch to say the least. The AI traffic still drives like there on a Russian dashcam YouTube channel, now with the added bonus of them honking angrily at you when you’re 5 meters away working your field, they stop on the road because apparently, they can’t pass you.Overall: would still recommend the game, it’s fun to play. However, this is the last one I’ll preorder and pay the full price for if they don’t improve at least the graphic engine.
Chappie	Recommended	30.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Marchosiaz/	Just love the graphics :P
Naviss	Recommended	68.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/naviss/	Let me just start out saying that I do think FS19 is worth the cost. There is a lot of new tractor's and stuff to do in the game, But it does not feel like a new game. Think of FS19 as a updated FS17 with loads of new content.John Deere is a welcomed addition, But limited in it's lineup, However major props for the S790, That was a big suprise. Not to mention new tractor's from Fendt and other popular brands.New crop types are also good to see. Cotton being the stand out here. It's very different to harvest and fun.Seeing new animals come to the game has also been exciting. Horses look great and with it's own gameplay around them. Being able to ride a horse and use it as transportation around the map, To having mans best friend by your side as you walk around your yard.My Pros;Building from stratch! This is fantastic. I've never really liked how a map made you start at one set area. Only so many garages for you to use, and unable to move where you wanted.Multiplayer Tools!Giant's have done a outstanding job here. Features we have needed for years. The farming community is large and multiplayer is where you'll find endless fun working together. These new features will allow 4 small groups of people to work together on a map, or challenge eachothers farms, all without needing mods to handle your farms money or property.New lighting & engine updates.It's just that, Updates. The game looks gorgous there is no doubt about that. You will see the difference but in my opinion, FS17 still holds up today. However it's a big upgrade and shows.Lots of new small misc additions!Just going to group all of it here, From seeing your avatar bounce around in a tractor's seat, To seeing your implements hydraulic & power cables connect to your tractor. It greatly improves realisem while playing. Some other core mod features have made it into the game this time around as well, From maintenance on your machines, to crop destruction. There is really a ton of little changes like this that greatly improves the game. My Cons;Still NO ground deformation! It was rumored this feature just wasn't ready yet. It's a shame we need to wait another 2 years for FS21 to find out if they will have it. This is by FAR my biggest problem with the game. Field work is arguably 70% or more time spent in game. The tractor's look beautiful but the ground textures, though greatly improved still is the games big weakness in my opinion. It can kill realism completely. Painting on the almost flat ground texture is just not fun to look at, and absolutely no gameplay there to manage how you take care of your fields.Did it just rain? No problem, You wont get stuck just go out there and sow, plow, hell even harvest. It's fine........ No Terraforming!Being able to build your farm by scratch is amazing! But not being able to terraform land prior to building often makes for some interesting land placement when you've bought a few buildings. The two new maps have less then 1% flat ground I think, And trying to get into your silo you placed that now raised land around it by 50 feet is challenging to say the least.. It takes a bit to get use to it and even after you sell something the land stays the same. This just sucks, and can completely ruin your map if not careful.My Thoughts;It's a fantastic game, and if you enjoyed FS17 you'll be right at home here with the vast amount of new content. But I wouldn't be in a rush to buy it. There is many holes in the game so to speak, By that I mean lack of brand line up tractor's and equipment. It's almost impossible to only use one brand on your farm. Case is the only one that really has a flushed out lineup. John Deere for instant has a great lineup of small / medium tractors. But without the 9R series, You wont be pulling that seed hawk on a 50 acre field. Meanwhile you have the best Harvester they make! Mods will fix most of these smaller complaints. But Giant's by now should be able to do this stuff on their own. And mod's are not always top quaility, But for most all of us it's the only way to fill gaps in our favorite brands, and fix many of the core problems with the game.Seasons mod was by far one of the best mod's I used in FS17, It changes the game completely and how you play. It's a shame Giants didn't get this done for FS19, But again mods will fill in here. Overall, I feel like Giants moved the farming simulation game one step forward again, But baby steps. Hopefully with FS21 they take a leap and maybe do a new engine, or at the very least give us more control over terraforming, and most importantly REAL ground physics.I highly recommend the game if you; Loved FS17 and want a major update. Or play with a group of friends.
MakkeBa	Recommended	11.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/MakkeBa/	its cool
