Dick Rambo	Recommended	29.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/dickrambo/	While I am enjoying this game very much I am finding a few slight problems that are making the gameplay a little unrealistic. I will list these problems below and hopefully, a Dev can address these problems and make it more realistic and also more in line with real Vampire lore.One: The sunlight situation with Vampires, while it is true Vampires are affected by Sunlight and this can kill them, the Vampire Diaries has shown us that a Daylight Amulet or ring, if you will cast by witches, makes it possible for Vampires to walk in the Sunlight with no ill effect. It seems ridiculous that a Dev who wanted to make a realistic Vampire game would not know this. Two:As shown in the Twilight series Vampires sparkle like diamonds if they are exposed to sunlight (It is said when Rhianna saw this happen to Chris Brown she wrote a song about it) and do not burn. Obviously, they are not wearing their Daylight Amulets for this to happen.Three:Once again according to the Twilight Vampire & Vampire Diaries lore, all Vampires are extremely good looking and can make normal ugly humans do whatever they want. So none of the "hunters" would bother to hunt as the vampires can just make them go away.Four:As Twilight has shown Vampires can exist wholly on animal blood and do not need human blood. Making them pretty much a normal beef-loving member of society not too different from us none Vampire people. In fact, there is an opportunity for an abattoir to sell the blood to supermarkets that goes to waste when they are butchering the meat.Five:Once again in the Twilight lore Vampires do not sleep and are unharmed by garlic, holy items, or wooden stakes; they have reflections and shadows. Obviously, the cross the Doctor holds up early on in the game would do no harm at all to the newly turned vampyr in your game.Six:Vampire Diaries & supernatural vampire lore, you can cure yourself of being a Vampire, now as I'm just early on in your game. The option to cure oneself by running down to the local chemist has not shown itself yet. I'll still list it in case I do not find the option later in the game.This is just the tip of the Vampire lore wooden stake if you will, please note wooden stakes through the heart is a contentious issue as the three main Vampire lore series Supernatural, the vampire diaries and twilight disagree on this point.Please update yourself and any changes will be welcomed to your slightly misguided attempt at a vampire game.Also, it's spelled VAMPIRE, not Vampyr.Thank you.
jtcLIVE	Not Recommended	16.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jtc0999/	The game was fun at first and has an interesting story, but now the gameplay is tedious, incredibly frustrating, and some bugs are showing their head and making the gameplay even worse.
The Baron O'Beefdip	Not Recommended	15.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198148102548/	It has a great story with good writing and characters with some depth, but the terrible combat mechanics just ruins the game to a degree that I can't enjoy it.***EDIT***I'm still playing the game with hopes that maybe I just sucked at it and/or the combat gets better. As of 06/15/2018, the combat is still frustrating as hell...or maybe I still suck. Going with the former as I still see other people also complain about the combat mechanics.
Udder Chaos	Not Recommended	9.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198072440990/	I don't normally review games, but.... oooof.  Also, spoilers.I'm trying to think of something good to say about this game, but it's difficult.  Right from the beginning, things went from disappointing to confusing to frustrating.* The graphics feel like a step backward in game design.  I guess I expected something better, but from the very first bite in the very beginning of the game, the graphics were terrible.  * The mechanics and movement options make no sense to me.  I guess I shouldn't have assumed a stealth aspect would exist.* There's no consistency in the vampire-powered movement system either.  Why can you only 'blink' in certain places??  * The gamplay is so linear that map movement is apparently restricted to a single path from point A to point B - but no indication of this is ever given.* The story itself is confusing.  If this guy is going to be whining about his humanity the whole time, why give us the option of 'choosing' to be brutal killing machines??* Combat flat-out sucks. No matter how well I chose my skills I ran out of stamina in every single fight and got killed way too often, even when I finally figured out the game intended for me to 'choose' the Claws skill during my first evolution. * There is absolutely nothing satisfying about taking out enemies when they are back in the exact same place using the exact same dialog the next time you enter the area.* If anyone figures out how to level up and gain skills without killing everyone around you, thereby becoming a brutal killing machine regardless of how you originally set out to play, PLEASE let me know?  Thanks.This complaint may seem ridiculous to most, but the single most horrible aspect of this entire game to me is the dialog.  This game takes place in the very lower-class districts of early 20th century England, and yet the dialog is straight out of Jane Austen.  No one in Limehouse spoke like this, ever.  Everything that IamIamI says here about the dialog is true, and very frustrating.  Reminded me of the never-ending dialog from Kingdoms of Amalur (forgive me, please).All in all, I wish I could give the game back.  I played this game for about ten hours, and I still don't care enough about this character or this story to want to continue.On a personal note, I am indeed a fan on Bethesda games.  I've played Skyrim for countless hours, I played Fallout 4 all the way through, and I've played every Dishonored released so far.  I want to put across though that I wasn't expecting a comparison here.  I was just hoping for a decent Focus Interactive experience.  I don't see that happening with this game.
Temp950	Not Recommended	85.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198016884143/	I like this game. A lot. It has a fun combat system and I love the setting. There are some really nice intricacies to character interaction, with your actions actually having consequences to the world. But I am not going to reccomend it to anyone if they play with a mouse and keyboard. The developers were so lazy that they never tested it with anything other than a controller, and this ruins combat in a major way. its still playable, but it makes combat a headache. The problem is that you cannot switch targets with a mouse and keyboard. You are locked onto one target, and even if another target comes closer to  you, which they often will, you have no way to switch between targets. You can do it by moving the mouse sensitivity all the way up, and then jerk the mouse across the mouspad from left to right all the way, or from the bottom to the top all the way as fast as you can. while holding onto the lock button. In combat. On top of that, it does not work all the time even then. I tried this after lowering the mouse DPI setting to 400 and setting the sensitivity up all the way. There are a ton of complaints online about this basic mechanism, yet there has been no patch and no fix. It just shows how little these developers cared about their PC port. This problem could have easily been remedied by giving a switch target function that we could bind, but it seems they never bothered to test if this would work. On top of that, there is no option to remove depth of field, and the frame rate is constantly stuttering in the rain despite having a GTX 980ti and an intel 6700k. Games that look far better do not have this problem. On top of that, there is no option to remove depth of field, and the frame rate is constantly stuttering in the rain despite having a GTX 980ti and an intel 6700k. Games that look far better do not have this problem. Certain lights cause vertical flickering that makes it impossible to see anything when you are nearby, if playing on ultra settings. This problem goes away if you reduce to high, but still. Even on High my frame rate still drops in certain areas, especially if it rains. The quality of character models vary between well done and stick figures. Every single character in the game has two different animations that they go through when you are talking to them. The firstone is drunk person who sways and twitches constantly and contorts his head in a wierd way like some sort of bobblehead doll.The second is not drunk person who sways and twitches constantly and contorts his head in a wierd way like a slightly stiffer bobblehead doll.The third is a character who stands still and contorts his/her head in a wierd way and looks like they are talking to someone  behind you.None of them have any expressions by the way. The dialogue animations are so godawful that they make Andromeda look polished. And even worse, the game insists on closeups of these characters during every conversation, and you have a LOT of these. Also, prepare to hear characters repeat the same godamn line over and over and over again every couple of seconds through the entire game. It is so irritating that I avoided certain areas until I could kill them, and did so as fast as I could just to get them to shut up.   
Demon	Not Recommended	19.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/pocketdemons/	Infuriating, that's the number one thing this game inspires. I really, really, really want to love this game.  But I just can't, there is so much good as everyone says, but as everyone says there is also a lot of bad.  And for me the bad out weighs the good. By a metric ton.  The only thing keeping me going is the atmosphere and it feels like I'm running through the streets of my favorite table top RPG, but I'm not sure how long that's going to last I originally wanted to play the game twice but idk anymore. For starters the combat is atrocious, absolutely terrible.  I mean I just can't say it enough if the devs could work on one thing I would beg on my hands and knees for it to be the combat.  Clunky is an understatement. Every time I've quit this game it was in frustration because of the combat.  It's like a giant game of "error in the banks favor" you will use your wildly out of control dodge to get out of someones way but sometimes it will stop you from moving at the last second so you can get interupted by the enemy's animation.  This wild dodge can also get you stuck in a corner and quickly surrounded and beaten to death. Oh, the "fun" doesn't end there you can easily hit the agro of an adjacent street corner and bring in a whole new set of "good" guys going from fighting 4 people to 8, and you'll find out by one of them running up behind you and decimating you ... but wait there's more because if you're fighting "bad" guys it will literally just spawn more out of thin air like they used your "dodge" to get into combat. It really feels like they realized they could'nt make the combat challenging or fun so they just threw in way too many enemies to make it harder. They also use the effect of the combat dodge to move you across rivers or up to higher places, but you cannot use it in this fashion in any interesting ways it's only at preordained places so really that part of it is just a bridge that no one else can use but doesn't ever let you create an emergent gameplay situation  to learn to use it in interesting and unforseen ways. Next is that your meaningful interesting decisions to make about who to eat are completely negated by not really being able to eat anyone. I'm level 9 and my mezmorize is still level 1 and there is no skill to upgrade to raise it that I can find, I'm about to google it after I write this rantview.  Update: ok turns out you have to follow story quests to do this and it sounds like your options are eat no one and level up slowly till you hit hypnotize rank four then come back and eat the important people for maximum xp, OR eat the low xp people while your making your first way through and destablize the zone and bring out the vamp hunters hard core. Seems like a way less interesting desicion that the original premise I was sold on where in the story would change based on who I ate. Update: After doing a few more story missions I'm really questioning whether you can have any impact on how the quests/story turns out at all after the first one (within the first two hours to make you feel like the game is worth keeping.)While we're on the topic of who there is to eat ... yes, it's incredible they hashed out pretty much every single person you can talk to ... by my calculations there are 53 people in the game.  Noooot really a whole lot.  especially for how big empty and boring the levels are.  I'd wish there were a few more people and a little less stage so there was some pretense of living in a city.  But when 2 people live every city block it's hard to find someone you can eat. Update: Playing some more, and grinding through the horrible combat I've come to find this game spoils itself, how you might ask? I can even tell you in a spoiler free way unlike the game; it will send you on a quest after you finish a quest and you're like "why do I need to go talk to this guy" and so as you're walking to talk to this guy for some reason the game then stops you with a suprise event that ends with "wow, I really should go talk to this guy I was prematurely going to go talk to anyway".  On top of that a lot of the dialog is just down right terrible, it is the epitome of of bad video game writing.  Moods that seem inappropriate, stating the obvious or completely ignoring things that we would be obviously asking about.  Almost like acting from "the room" that movie the disaster artist is about. I want to go on, I want to go into the good but honestly it all falls away to the flaws, except maybe the sound and music and the atmosphere. The voice acting is alright except for the lines they're saying  and the music and sound effects are the best part of the whole game. ... and when I say it out loud that kinda feels like another negative lol.
Moonknight	Not Recommended	11.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198102912125/	First Review ever!!! Ill start with gameplay. The fighting mechanics are fun and satisfying, However they are clunky sometimes. You are in a fight and get stuck next to a trash can or box and your dead. So I would rate it 7.5/10. Bosses are fun too. Next is the DIALOGUE. MY GOD THERE IS SO MUCH TALKING. Now every NPC has a EXTENSIVE backstory. Each person has a social circle and you unlock new dialogue by talking to more people. once their "talking quest" is completed, you can kill them and get juicy XP. THE THING IS THAT I DONT WANT TO KILL ANYONE!! So whats the point in talking to ANYONE? You also can cure people that have headaches and stuff. Gather supplies, make cure, give to npc. Easy right? WRONG! The map is small, but big enough to where you will get so mad that you have to run in a huge zig zag of alleyways to get to these NPCs. I hit ACT 2 and a lot of NPCs where sick again. I thought, screw that! I am not running around town anymore!I turned from liking this game a lot to just not caring. I selected all the dialogue options and skipped them. Sorry, but I didn't care anymore. I also stopped running and used the vampire dash to move around, breaking immersion INTENSELY. AND I GAURENTEE YOU WILL DASH INSTEAD OF RUN!!! (Dont you lie to me! You WILL) This game is for people that have A LOT of time on their hands and LOVE listening to the voice actors talk, and talk, and talk, and talk, and have some nice fighting gameplay mixed in. So take this review as a word of caution. This is a NICHE game for a NICHE crowd.  Have fun dashing, -MoonKnight
BigAwesome	Not Recommended	1.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/BigAwesome/	The Story seamed interesting. The overall game mechanics seam to be pretty cool.Sadly combat is awful due to a camera that does not work well (even when manuelly locked to the oponent).Every fight in a building makes me feel dizzy or disoriented in a matter of seconds.Its a shame but the game is just another perfect example of waisted potential.Honestly this would have been a better game, if it was not made as an "action" game but as a narativ driven openworld game with way fewer fights and more (meaningful) dialog etc.I requested a refund.I didn't want to, but I felt like not getting 49.99€ worth of experience here.I would love to recommend it but in it's current state (to me) its just not worth the price.
derKampfschimmel	Not Recommended	20.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/derKampfschimmel/	After playing 20h of this game I can't be bothered to play one minute more. It has so much potential but falls short in almost every department. The story is quite dull even though the premise is great. It just doesn't really get anywhere interesting. The animations are a joke, the gameplay is awfully sluggish and the karma mechanic doesn't make any sense what so ever. Basically if you kill somebody by drinking their blood the status of a district goes down. If it becomes critical everyone dies in that district. But then again you run around killing hundreds of goons and drink their blood and it changes nothing. But as soon as you feed on the characters with names attached to them, that also give you XP you destroy the district. Stay away from this game or get it when it's on sale for 10€/$/£
Mitnicm	Recommended	41.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198082007638/	Vampyr's flaws are mainly technical and will probably be fixed in upcoming patches. The story and progression system are simply awesome so far.
r2j2612	Recommended	4.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/r2j2612/	Being a fan of Life is Strange & Remember me, one of which is a purely narrative driven game, its hard to aceept the fact that the biggest con in this game is the narration.  CON Dialogues & Narration Style - Bordering cheesy, filled with over-exposition, repetitive dialogues (yes I know you cant enter the door because its locked, but I dont want to hear it over the same dialogue every time). The opening has so much corny/cheesy dialogues I almost had to roll my eyes a few times.  When the main character kills off his relative in the first few minutes, the reaction to that isnt sombre as one would expect, but instead pretty generic.  That kinda threw me off.PRO's Environment & settingColorsVampiric skillsSkill treeCombat system, though a bit clunky, but is fun Story so far is borderline generic, but I guess things improve as we go on. Its weird that a game driven by Narration has such dialogue set. Here's hoping it gets better later. Gets a Thumbs up purely due to setting and those sweet blood sucking skills/combos. Runs fluidly on my Ryzen 5, RX 580 on 1920x1080 fluidly without any issue.
Zealous	Recommended	9.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/iwasrichonce/	I dont have much time into the game at the moment of writing this review only about 6-7 hours. However from what i have played the game is brilliant. Its a Unique RPG where dialogue choices matter. Many games give you the illusion of choice but this one executes it perfectly. You're almost forced to pay attention to the side characthers and the there story lines because it adds so much depth to the story.The combat was a bit difficult to get used to at first but as the game progressed it got easier. Skill tree is very complex and offers many diffrent playstylse from long range to close range to full on AOE attcks if thats your thing. The Environment is a brilliant setting for an RPG like this. Everything from the soundtrack to the gameplay is really nice with a few flaws. There are a few bugs ive encountered so far, nothing gamebreaking thankfully. I would reccomend this game if you liked stuff like mass effect and the witcher trilogy. It offers a similar type of game in a much more fresh environment with a little bit more influence on story. It wont win any game of the year awards but what this game aims to do, it does well.  Solid 8/10. Reccomend for all RPG fans.
BHenry	Recommended	54.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197969423631/	I loved the game. It has a great story and pretty enjoyable combat as well. There is also a lot of freedom in how you play the game and what powers you chose to use.
UsedCashew	Not Recommended	6.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198052264015/	So, 10 minutes in, stopped caring about this dude I'm playing or the really stupid way he becomes a vampire, I push through the tutorial because I basically lost interest in the boring dialogue that comes out of everyone's mouth, also stopped caring about what I say to npcs so I randomly hit options to farm quest updates out of them, because if you dont, you literally cant do♥♥♥♥♥♥ progress, or evolve in any way shape or form. Blocked by invisiblish barriers, like how does a 2 inch fence block a man that can shadow meld through people? Answer being, your stuck on a roller coaster and if you don't go about it a certain way, you can't go forward to end this boring ride. I literally spent time after that trying to eat everyone because I wanted to ♥♥♥♥ up and kill all the stupid people and their problems but oh god, I can't kill everyone, their behind a progress barrier where I just level up seduction by doing the story I don't care about. Don't ever make another game like this again. Worst purchase I ever made.
[3DF] MadDokGrot	Not Recommended	2.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/3df/	Not my cup of tea! Gameplay is very sluggish and the story doesn't drag me in that much so I can forget about the feel of the overall game.
Ishvii	Not Recommended	6.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ishvii/	The atmosphere of Victorian London is excellent; supported by the soundtrack and effects. The mechanics of eating NPCs to get stronger, but causing a moral dilemma and negatively affecting the areas is an interesting mechanic, but not for everyone. The game starts off well, but I couldn't finish it for several reasons. 1, The combat is frustrating; it mostly consists of watching your stamina bar and dodging.  2, Considering how integral the NPCs and dialogue is to the game, the voice acting is stiff and dull. 3, People get sick every day and you have to cure them, but there's no way to track them so you just have to wander around. 4, It's not a great PC port and controls are clunky.
selas_celaeno	Not Recommended	13.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198020761064/	I really wanted to like this game. I was hoping for another Vampire: The Masquerade, but got utterly disappointed.The game idea and general design are great, but two things kill the enjoyment for me:1. The dialogue options are all structured in the same way, which feels super artificial after a while (e.g. asking all the NPCs the same questions like what their lifes in London are like). While I really cared for the NPCs in the beginning of the game, this way of approaching every single dialogue in the same kind of fashion ruined the NPC interactions. I would have prefered or more organic way of talking to the characters and learning their secrets.2. The game is littered with random enemies that are an absolute chore to fight, but basically stop you from progressing to the next area. These fights are totally unimaginative and there are so many of them, making me think twice before accepting a side-quest which requires me to venture into a different area of the game.It pains me to say it, but I wish I wouldn't have bought this game. It definitely has potential, but is not nearly as polished as good RPGs like Vampire: The Masquerade or The Witcher.
乇乂丅尺卂 丅卄工匚匚	Recommended	30.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/dankedummkopf/	I enjoyed this game quite a lot. It's a semi open world that feels large enough to be explorable but small enough that areas are recognizable. It's interesting the ways in which you can interact with people in this world. It's more about who you kill rather than how many and that's pretty cool to be able to change some dynamics regarding what people do when someone itsn't around any more. The combat is so-so; it's far from the worst I've ever seen and it does get easily as you level up Jon and his abilities.I like the effort here and I hope to see more of these sort of B grade games that may not have all the bells and whistles of A grade stuff but there is heart and personally there.
Chalkstix	Not Recommended	41.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197980589082/	The story is alright. Nothing fancy, but not terrible either. All the plot twists are obvious, and it would actually be more of a plot twist if they didn't try to make plot twists.The combat is poor. The game is obviously made for a console, and combat struggles under these restrictions. There's a few i-frame exploits you can take advantage of, but otherwise NPCs will just spam their abilities at you while you either A) Are high enough level to ignore them, or B) spend 80% of your time trying to dodge (which feels rather clumsy - perhaps because of the bad targeting-system).The leveling system is somewhat generic, nothing new there. The main "feature" is that you have to advance ingame time to level up, which sounds cooler than it is.Most NPCs are boring and irrelevant. The dialogue is very stiff and seems to make little to no difference. You can't say the things you, as a player, want to say. On the other hand, you can say the same things to NPCs in 2, 3 or even 4 different ways - each time sounding as if it's a complete surprise to the main character.The Main Story has 10% to do with the game, and when you find clues to the real mystery, most of the time the main character doesn't even seem to care or even think about it.The game works in tiers. It's boring, and it reminds me more of an MMO than anything else. Kinda ruins the immersion when the same enemies you've been fighting the entire game now just have more hp, do more damage, and you do less damage (unless you remembered to gain levels according to your current chapter).The animations look good.The voice-acting is good.The music is good.The atmosphere is mostly good, but often ruined by un-immersive gameplay.I played through the game. I don't regret spending the hours that I did, but it seems highly unlikely that I'll play it again. If you think about playing it, I'd recommend waiting for a sale.
Stalli [One-Eleven]	Not Recommended	5.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Stalli111/	+The combat, despite rather basic can be fun (when it works)+The premise and the setting of 1918 fantasy London has limitless potential -Rather slow start-Really bland dialogue and voice acting-A fair few animation/graphical glitches in the review build.Overall I wouldn't say it's worth full price. If you can pick it up in a sale later along the line and still have an interest in it from the trailers and what not, then bite. Otherwise, it's a rather mediocre (boring) action game, that's not too easy to get into. 
Ivonyla	Not Recommended	21.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198228785800/	- Long loading times while starting the game- Long loading times after deaths- Long loading times when passing through a goddamn door- Unskippable dialogue- No quick travelling (At least to the part where I managed to play to)- A♥♥♥♥♥♥combat system (Seriously why the ♥♥♥♥ are they using poison like it's a normal melee attack)Would've been a lot better if they optimized the loading times, added quick travelling between hideouts, and made dialogue skippable, even if just the dialogue which you've already read through (e.g. when greeting a NPC). The combat system also has too many flaws to be enjoyable.I'm kind of disappointed, since I would love to play this game properly, and discover its story. I can't do that though if the combat system makes me die more than I did in any other game, and the loading times after every death let me wait an eternity.
TastyMints	Recommended	43.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TastyMints/	First thing's first: This ain't a high budget AAA game so don't expect insane production values or painstaking detail. It doesn't look great, the controls are a little clunky, and enemy movements a little janky. Some of the voice acting is a bit off-target as well and sometimes leaves you wondering whether you're confronting someone about a lie or mind controlling them into telling you the truth. Other than that the game is quite enjoyable as long as you don't mind a whole lot of talking.A whole lot of talking is a good way of describing this game. Other than move along the plot, talking gives you a better view of the people in London and learning everyones' dirty little secrets has a twofold purpose: Information and Experience. The more you find out about someone the more XP they give if you eat them. Thus in order to maximize the gains you receive for your OM NOM you have to humanize your prey. Things like this are what make or break a vampire game and I think that alone creates an atmosphere of dread and self-exploration. Consequences can be swift and brutal, with individuals in the victim's social circle sometimes ending up Skals, Beast Vampires, or worse.A piece of advice: If you're going to OM NOM do it without mercy and don't leave stragglers. Eat entire families if you have to. To do otherwise is to invite suffering on the survivors and ruin upon yourself. This is the curse and the choice, the long and dizzying descent into monsterhood as your humanity evaporates and is replaced by the methodical predations of a vampire. The insane calculus of murder drive this game and if you're not feeling uncomfortable with yourself within a few hours you're playing it wrong.
Chazz Barramundi	Recommended	21.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197986661579/	If you loved vampire masquerade bloodlines, then Vampyr will be a joy for you. This is a 2018 feature ladden Vampire RPG set in industrial London. What i love about this game is the combat and environment. I feel like a badass vampire maurader looking for a fight! Skills of dodging and patience learned in the Dark Souls series cross over into Vampyr. Even combo creativity of Nioh takes a simpler form here. I find myself most of the time walking slowly around London's industrial district as the scenery and feeling is so spectacular and well designed that you are transported back in time to this era. The investigations that take place within interiors is also extremely amazing! They've captured the feeling of walking through derelict and abandoned buildings perfectly and the feeling of walking inside these building not knowing what creatures are waiting inside is incredible.What i don't like about the game is the social 3/4 option system. There's always one right answer and two or three wrong answers which if chosen wrong will lock you out of further interactions with the characters in some instances, leaving you not knowing the full story. Lastly i feel as though when i enter a new area there big blocks of sitting and talking to each and every character you can see to exhaust each and every social interaction. So be prepared to listen into the conversations of all these characters if you choose to.Overall i really look forward to the combat in this game but the social side of it feels like work.
[XIII] Lucius Vinicius	Not Recommended	22.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/LuVin/	Without killing innocents, this game can be quite aggravating, just as 50% of its damage (it decides between normal damage, which you slowly regenerate over time, and aggravated damage, which temporarily lowers your HP max, but can be healed by your selfheal-ability).You are constantly underlevel, you deal low damage, everything deals lots of damage to you, you spend >60% of the combats dodging (using the same Stamina resource as with your attacks) and whenever you die, all enemies except for bosses respawn. Until the level difference reaches 5, that is still in the green/yellow area. Above that? Have fun trying to get through some areas. You will do it over and over again, because you usually respawn at the beginning of the area. After trying to walk through the park for the 6th time, I eventually decided to give this game a solid boot to its digital butt.Oh, and you have to LOVE the attacks that hit you while you are in your dodge-teleport and kill you the very split-second you think "oof, that was close". Classic!YES, I have only little patience for things that frustrate me, instead of hammering by head against obstacles until I break through. Maybe too short. Still annoying.Wish there was a way of being able to casually play this game without having to slaughter all (named) NPCs as a means of getting XP.Possible ways to fix this: Increase XP for curing people of their diseases from 25 to 100, increase XP for combats (if you don't kill NPCs, combat against 3 stock goons can be difficult at a few occasions, and getting crap-loot for them and 5-10 XP per person is a bit low, especially considering that killing a harmless, friendly and named NPC awards between 800 and 6000 XP per person). And a quik-travel system to hideouts could be a good idea, this game has a lot of backtracking, and being forced to do it all per pedes is at first "oh, new", but pretty soon "ech, really, got to go back THERE?".
Claudius Drusus Tiberius Nero	Not Recommended	8.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/sheetmason/	I don't think I've ever reviewed a game, but this one is such a stark contrast between what was expected/marketed and what was provided, that I felt it was worth it. The stuff I value: As a gamer, I care about narrative a bit more than RPG/combat elements, but both are important to me.I was excited about this game from the story perspective. I just want to acknowledge that there are, in fact, many dialogue options. Also, there are, in fact, many characters of note. At first, I thought this was promising, but the dialogues are so poorly written and acted that interest in exploring the inhabitants of the world quickly diminished. What I mean by "poorly written" is: The language use is disengaged from the emotional content of the speaker's experiences and worldview. This game appears to prefer style over substance here. I wonder if the desire to hew to historicity is to blame. Yet, even if that's true, archaic language can still be a resevoir of deep emotion. It wasn't here, at least as it was acted out.What I mean by "poorly acted" is: Yhe voice actors don't seem to be imagining what it would be like to have experienced what their characters have experienced. The lines are finely recited, but don't come off as deeply felt.The promise of interconnectedness also intrigued me. The interface makes room for it (some NPCs are socially connected with other NPCs), but the Hallmark-card version of relationships provided by each character does little to incite curiosity. In short, where's the gray area? The overwrought exposition doesn't leave space for immoral people cabable of love, or subtle signals from characters who not only feel, but must act, against their true allegiances. You know ... the good♥♥♥♥♥♥
Chef Ho Chi Minh	Not Recommended	10.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/LtVictory/	The same game from start to finish, quests are awful. Lots of talking is cool. No stealth mechanics in a game about night vampires "Ok"...
PlagueFerret	Not Recommended	2.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198037744289/	I cant say i find it terribly enjoyable. The graphics are decent, though obviously its scaled down in order to be playable for the console plebs. Sadly this means that we can enjoy it to the full potential, its also clearly aimed to be used with a controller which is another downfall.The game is hardly a role playing game, but it could probably scrape by with a 'mildly' tag to it. The npc seem extremely dull, also enemies dont react to sound/light/etc it seems, or i just have not noticed it. Because you can be running around and as long as you are not 10ft infront of them they are clueless to you.  I would honestly just wait and buy this on sale. Is it worth playing? if you are bored enough.. yes..
Hades	Not Recommended	28.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198044022338/	This game is like none other before it. It has to be the single greatest failure than even Destiny on release date. Here is why. Brace yourselves.Pros- The Story. It does make you want to know what happens next throughout and is one of the reasons I continued to play despite it numerous outstanding flaws.- Character development. It is quite clear this is where a massive majority of the games budget went into because it certainly isn't invested, if any, in the combat. More on that later. The characters each have their own personality traits and I found myself quite often reasearching for more information on them. I wanted to keep more of them alive due to this rather than use them to level up. Choices you make influence the story and your character as well. You help to form the world you live in during the game.CONS- Combat: Perhaps the most outstanding and biggest sin of this game is the entire combat system. Enimies will constantly out level you even progressing through the story missions. Enimies can shoot through objects that you yourself cannot pass or shoot through. Enemies will lock on you with an attack and can even make 180 - 360 degree turns making even dodging impossible. Dodging is a joke in this game because when you do, the stamina cost will leave you defensless during most of the begining of the game as you have quite little of it and you move a massive 3-5 inches. The amount of low level coding, time, and effort that was put into the combat makes it feel like a Witcher 3/ FF15 ripoff.  Enemies will do massive amounts of damage at the start so be warned.- Leveling: This is a god damn chore to do. If you love the characters, you are in for a real♥♥♥♥♥♥of an experience. I fought enemies that were most times, 9-10 levels above my own. I got only 15 EXP. That's right 15 EXP, and to make it worse, that was after the combat ended. EXP isn't awared per enemy, it's per encounter. You may be thinking, why not fight enimies that are more your level? Great question, sad reality is that the enimies levels skyrocket during the story and has no sense of scaling. If you travel outside the begining of the starting area, which is quite small, you will be facing enimies that are 10 levels above your own. Great for getting used to the combat system when 1-2 hits kills you.- Abilities: The abilities screen describes the abilites great. However you are left in horror at the amount of hard earned EXP that you wasted when the abilities themselves are as much as a disappointment as the combat. Animations make no sense and hardly hit enemies, and animations look sloppy and poorly designed. For example, Blood shield. You form a shield of blood around you to absorb X amount of hits. Sounds great. When you use it, it is just a bunch of poorly looking red lines dancing around you or an enemy that used it.- NPC rescue missions: When you find an NPC, if you choose not to save him/her when in peril, he/she will die if you go to level up. While rescueing them, the NPC will say the same lines, over and over and over again every 10 seconds. It is the same damn thing. I cannot even focus on staying alive without on of the NPC's shouting how she won't marry her kidnapper vampire while in the sewer. If you let the NPC die, you miss out on their quest giving you much needed EXP and their information is lost. Characters are one of the two main reasons to play the game or to continue doing so.Until this game is patch, stay far far away from it.
XxWednesdayxX	Recommended	31.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/xxWednesdayxX/	Finally, an unique Vampire RPG after many years that too with super optimization and story. So far amazing and worth the price.
Dots	Recommended	31.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ElijahHall/	My oh my,Where do I start? Perhaps by saying this game isn't perfect, nor will it ever be since the issues are a permanent thing within the game. But it has made me a very happy person to have gotten the chance to play through this game. Not only was it interesting but it also got me so hooked I was unaware of time itself.Even though the story is a bit of an mess it's a refreshing mess to experience, sure some things just doesn't fit into it but it was interesting enough to make sense somehow. The game start by giving you a question you just need to find the answer for, so you go through the whole game trying to find answers for the many questions you have since the first scene of the game. I could go on but it's late and the game shouldn't be told by someone else anyways.Then we have the combat, and I'm no fan of RPG's per say but Vampyr's combat felt really good, it was challenging and fun at the same time. Not always but usually depending on choices, you were able to wreck everything but often enough it was time consuming to dodge, hit and then dodge again. But it was a fun type of insanity to experience, it was never fun to die over and over but it made sense. Cause of course the closer your level is to the enemy the easier the game was, of course skills has something to do with it.The highlight of the game is the look, feel and atmosphere of the 1918's London. Is was scary, intriguing and fun to explore but the closer you got to the end the more you wish there was a fast travel option. But aside from fast travelling the game does look surprisingly good running at the highest graphical settings. The gothic feel and look does fulfill it's purpose by far though, sometimes it can be hard to navigate due to the dark look of the game. So it's definitely meant to be played during night time.I am an avid fan of vampires so my judgement might be clouded due to it but I must say I've never played a better game than this. And like I said, there are flaws inmost games, but it is a game that even though it's partially messed up it still managed to keep me entertained for 30 hours. And that's me lightly rushing through the game cause why not, means I can be more aware the second time around.I'm not a review professional and I'm sure I've missed some valid points of the game. But it's not at all needed in my review, I don't aim to neglect the game. My goal is to say thank you DONTNOD, you have once again made a good game. And I hope to see a second installment of Vampyr sometimes in the future.
Dots	Recommended	31.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ElijahHall/	My oh my,Where do I start? Perhaps by saying this game isn't perfect, nor will it ever be since the issues are a permanent thing within the game. But it has made me a very happy person to have gotten the chance to play through this game. Not only was it interesting but it also got me so hooked I was unaware of time itself.Even though the story is a bit of an mess it's a refreshing mess to experience, sure some things just doesn't fit into it but it was interesting enough to make sense somehow. The game start by giving you a question you just need to find the answer for, so you go through the whole game trying to find answers for the many questions you have since the first scene of the game. I could go on but it's late and the game shouldn't be told by someone else anyways.Then we have the combat, and I'm no fan of RPG's per say but Vampyr's combat felt really good, it was challenging and fun at the same time. Not always but usually depending on choices, you were able to wreck everything but often enough it was time consuming to dodge, hit and then dodge again. But it was a fun type of insanity to experience, it was never fun to die over and over but it made sense. Cause of course the closer your level is to the enemy the easier the game was, of course skills has something to do with it.The highlight of the game is the look, feel and atmosphere of the 1918's London. Is was scary, intriguing and fun to explore but the closer you got to the end the more you wish there was a fast travel option. But aside from fast travelling the game does look surprisingly good running at the highest graphical settings. The gothic feel and look does fulfill it's purpose by far though, sometimes it can be hard to navigate due to the dark look of the game. So it's definitely meant to be played during night time.I am an avid fan of vampires so my judgement might be clouded due to it but I must say I've never played a better game than this. And like I said, there are flaws inmost games, but it is a game that even though it's partially messed up it still managed to keep me entertained for 30 hours. And that's me lightly rushing through the game cause why not, means I can be more aware the second time around.I'm not a review professional and I'm sure I've missed some valid points of the game. But it's not at all needed in my review, I don't aim to neglect the game. My goal is to say thank you DONTNOD, you have once again made a good game. And I hope to see a second installment of Vampyr sometimes in the future.
AdmiralTeddy	Recommended	7.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/AdmiralTeddy/	A very flawed game from devs that are quite good; it's really not worth £45 to be honest, more like £25. I'll vote up but this is really a "~" sort of title, neither a thumbs up nor a thumbs down, but more on the up side I guess, if grabbed on a sale.The combat is a bit too repetitive and dumbed down, you have a choice of weapons which have different effects and uses and some abilities, but the combat is really plasticy and simple. Here, the comparison is to the combat of Remember Me, which was also made by the same devs, with the difference being that remember me offered variety and combos wheras Vampyr offers a dodge, hit, stun mechanic with a number of abilities, but it's just not enjoyable.The voice acting is quite good, but the story is mediocre at best.There are some elements of making decisions as you can choose how to play (whether u kill citizens, pillars, or you are a pacifist), and some really small roleplaying as you do your best to learn more about characters and the choice of words you use to learn more about them or lose the chance to do so... but the majority of the conversations felt unimportant, although some offer different outcomes, they are mostly not important.The endings are kinda obvious from your style of play, and you'll either go for chaos or peace based on your style of play and overall net of choices.Either buy it on a sale or skip it, you're not missing out on much, unless you really crave a new vampire game.
SoyBatman	Not Recommended	12.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SoyBatsy/	 some minor spoilers ahead  was playing with a controller on my first playthrough   General Review of the Game The game is fun, albeit, the story is not as gripping as I would have thought it to be. I have not felt any performance issues and the mechanics of the game have sunken in nicely.  However, the game has a few design choices that are a bit bizarre. As it stands  I would recommend the game even if i voted no because it's a mixed bag   The map layout The map layout of London is rather nice and interesting to explore, it reminiscent of an Assassin's Creed 2 style map which I find very appealing.  Unfortunately,  the map design is not very good at letting you know where you can and can't go.  There are multiple instances of me going " that's a ledge i can surely warp to and ended up not being the case. Furthermore, considering Jonanthan can turn into some sort of vampirical mist, one would think that gates would not be an issue... and yet every other gate/door is locked and requires the player to go do  a sunday stroll around that one gate to open it from the other side. PS: it'd be nice to fast travel to a hideout  The people  The characters are interesting and their back stories are as well; however, it becomes quite apparent as the games goes, who the main protagonists are, there is a certain level of intagible detail added to the main characters that makes them more interesting than the folks you talk to in each district. Additionnally, some times i'm not sure whether to take the game seriously or not: There are characters that are quite serious, such as a Guard that you'll or have met in Dr Swansea office and then there's a Vampire hunter who's pretty much blind as a batPs: The streets don't really feel vibrant with life (or lack there of) Your Appearance  Uhhhm, how to put this... NO ONE CARES THAT YOU HAVE UNNATURALLY WHITE EYES. Sure, Jonathan is a handsome figure with a nice undercut/pompadour but his eyes are just dead... and no one seems to care... The illusion of choice  Here's something that really bums me out about this game. Vampyr clearly states that your choices have consequences, and yet even though some speeches unlock other dialogue options there are some moments where regardless of what you say the character will respond with the same line (e.g when talking to Lady Ashburn, regardless if you approve of her drinking from the dying man or not she still answers that it is an awkward position to be in or when you confess to a priest about your deeds, even if you choose not confess, Jonathan leaves, happy he has confessed)  Inventory management  Inventory management is a bit of a pain too, because you cannot handle your items in bulk :( Verdict  Please go around to unlock the verdict
Demonpuff	Recommended	19.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Demonpuff/	The game is really story heavy, and if you dont just wanna play around you actually need to read information about people etc and base your choices on that. Combat is great, challenging but fun.
Caliphisation	Not Recommended	23.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198104163318/	Story seems interesting. Combat is outrageously awful.
dillonricherson	Not Recommended	3.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/dillon4k/	I really thought this game was going to be great, It looked good and from what I seen in the trailers had me excited to play. But soon after getting into the game it was not long that I was burn out by the repetitive fighting that would leave you defeated and having to run back and try again and the enemies you fought are all back to normal and like nothing even happened. The bosses are too strong and the game is not as open and free as I thought it would be either. This game could have been done a lot better in my opinion. I gave it a few chances and tried to go back and play it many times and everytime i ended up just frustrated and turing it off and playing something else that was engaging and fun. Some may like this game, it is a challenge, and the graphics are pretty good seeing that it is powered by Unreal Engine. But for me, the gameplay and fight mechanics just was not good, and left me more frustrated than engaged and immersed in it.
TheChickenStrip	Not Recommended	14.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198148362327/	Bland, boring, felt like work
Kurt Blowbrain	Not Recommended	3.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Xamna/	I am currently in the process of refunding this game.In the quest Blackmail in Whitechapel there is a game breaking bug where a cutscene is suppossed to trigger but sometimes it doesn't reloading the game doesn't fix this the only option is to restart from the beginning which i cannot be bothered to do
MC KABOOM	Not Recommended	15.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198054174071/	This is not really a vampire game. Its more of a Sherlock Holmes game.Combat feels really rough and clunky. If you like game for story, then this is a good pick up, if you were looking for a game that involves combat/stealth different playstyles and replay value, then this isnt for you.I beat the game, so take this review as you will. Story good, gameplay bad.
biei	Not Recommended	3.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/biei895/	Viss ir super izņemot Grafiku un Gameplay aspektu. Spēle nav adekvāta 2018 gadam. Rūnāšana ar NPC ir bez emocijām, nav reālu sejas vaibstu, nedaudz mute virinās, bet emocijas ir nulle. Brīžiem uzsākot sarunu kamera kautkur ieķeras un diskusija aizrit ar skatu uz NPC muguru. Combats ir pēdīgais sūds reāli ir 2 dažādi sitieni un viss. Nav block funkcija. Pilsēta ir vnk. murgs kas sadalīts distriktos un starp katru distriktu ir debīli vārti kurus atvērt parasti var tikai no otras puses. Pats story ir diezgan interesants, bet viņs nenomaskē nebaudāmo spēles būtību. Tapēc arī pēc 3.6 stundām man ir zudusi jebkāda vēlme atgriezties lai to turpinātu .
Instigator	Not Recommended	0.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/instigator6/	The combat is not fun; it's clunky and seems like an afterthought. This would be okay, were there a stealth system or any way to circumvent the required fight scenes. To those that say "The game is not about combat, it's about choices and story": How can a game claim to have such a moral challenge to pose the player about killing when you are forced to slay your way through over a dozen NPCs in the opening sequence? These required combats severely lessen the gravity of the game's central theme. The controls were not thought out. You cannot change camera shoulders (at least not that I could find) and the default keybinds are questionable at best. Not a huge gripe, but makes you wonder how much time the testers spent on the PC port. The "PC port" leads to the next issue:It's fps locked at 60 fps.For the price, this game is simply not worth it right now. 
AMZ	Not Recommended	46.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/AMALZ/	I really tried to like this Game. But the Story didn´t get me at all.
Skeeb23	Recommended	32.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/skeeb23/	I am about 75% through the game and I can definitely recommend it.  It is very story driven by decisions so do not expect stellar combat.  The combat is average.  I have read some say it is bad, and I disagree with that.  You have choices you can make for how you would like your character to be in combat, so that alone makes it better than something straight forward.  Crafting system is easy enough but also good.The best part about this game is I've played this now a few times where I don't want to quit for the story compells you to keep going.  All I can say is decisions, decisions, decisions.. you will make lots of them.  Also the music in this game is outstanding as well.
Landeyx	Recommended	12.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Landeyx/	Wow. Just wow. First of all, Vampyr is not a game for a person who just wants to get through a game quickly, expecting a lot of simple run and gun stuff. A game which is not for everyone. Most of the "big" reviewers like IGN or Eurogamer gave this game a bad review because of this. I am happy Vampyr is different, because it is different in a good way. First of all: Graphics. Sometimes you got a low resolution texture just hanging around, had it one time on the face of an npc too but one of those between all the other beautiful ones doesn't really bother me. The game is also really well optimized, I was able to get a stable 60 fps on the highest settings, which I can't achieve in older games. Music and atmosphere is also really good, a lot of violin and the same music but it fits the theme of London just after the Great War. As for combat, that's a bit tricky... It's quite different from most games but if I had to compare it to something, then it's The Witcher 3. It takes a while to get into the flow of combat, and it also depends on the skills you use. Being able to link skills together while keeping your stamina up and sucking blood inbetween stuns is something you really need to focus on. Once you get it though, it's really fun to play and dash around with your enemies. Next up is story: you get thrown in right into the vampire world as Doctor Reid, not really knowing what is happening to you, all of it really confusing. Immediately, you're hunted down by Vampire hunters and you slowly discover your new powers. I won't go into it much more for now. NPC's are a big gimmick in this game, there are about 90 fully fleshed out NPC's with their own stories, social circle etc. They can offer quests, become sick and are your main source of XP. Without XP the game is really hard and you should do everything you can in other ways to get XP, from healing people to completing investigations (side-quests). Keep in mind these will be lost when you decide to feed on your victim and no, they don't become a vampire, they die. It's also best to not go onto a killing spree just yet. Vampyr is divided into 4 districts with their own NPC's. The more people are sick or dead, the more the district will fall into chaos, until the district can't be saved anymore and becomes inhabited by monsters. Dialogue is a big part of this game, so expect to spend a lot of time in it. The NPC's facial animation can be kind of dead sometimes, but this is a low budget game after all. Voice acting is great though. What I personally like about the game is that everything has an effect on NPC's, changing their view, making them sick or potentially putting them in a situation where they might die... there's also crafting, open world and just... a ton... I would recommend you buy it to get a feel of the game and it's story, and you can always refund during you first 2 hours. Keep in mind, again, combat starts becoming really fun in the later hours of the game and sometimes you need to figure out some controls for yourself. Anyways, I've been hanging on to Vampyr for a day or two now and I absolutely love it.
Goochpunch	Not Recommended	10.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198106060776/	A very slow paced game with uncreative and limited  combat, glad I bought it on sale, got bored and didn't finish it
Monkey	Recommended	21.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/MonkeyKnowsBest/	Vampyr is neither a wasted premise nor a bland game. I was shocked to see so many negative or middling reviews when my own experience has been almost uniformly positive. I understand why some people might not salivate over its occasionally derivative gameplay, but the criticism here has been downright harsh. This game is good. It's not great, but it's "fine." If a better-than-average game with a vampire theme doesn't interest you, don't buy it.Whether or not it's worth the full price depends mostly on your taste. It's not Dark Souls. and it's not Wild Hunt. It is, however, a fun experience in a rich, visually-interesting world with lots to investigate and characters worth caring about. I think a lot of people have gone in with completely mistaken expectations. Vampyr has charisma, good voice acting, an interesting story, a very involving "citizen" mechanic, and lots to discover. I'm loving just investigating the city and stumbling upon new adventures.This not a buggy or unpolished game. Reviews claiming that it is are being dishonest or persnicketty at best. I have encountered no bugs at all in my time (~8 hours as of now). The UI is good, the aesthetic is pleasing. I've had no trouble navigating the world or understanding the game. I will concede that the game suffers from dialogue not matching up with the text choices you're presented, but besides that I've been profoundly pleased.I like DONTNOD's take on narrative, I like vampires, and I like the alternate-historical period presented here. That's where I'm coming from, that's my taste preference. If you can only stomach spending money on the top-tenth-percentile of games because you're difficult to please, then it's probably not for you. I feel bad for the folks who spent more than a couple hours in this game with mistaken expectations, I really do. Nevertheless, if you're like me, and you enjoy a decent (albeit imperfect) gothic romp through London laced with DONTNOD charm, you'll have a blast with Vampyr.Edit: DONTNOD made a smart move in offering a gamemode that emphasizes narrative over combat. One more gold star on their developer report card, I suppose. At any discount, this is a solid game worth your cash. The developer's committment to implementing options based on player feedback should reinforce that confidence.
RMang	Not Recommended	13.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198100444671/	You play as Dr. Jonathan Reid, Doctyr by night as well as a vampyr by night. Interesting concept so i purchased the game and here we are 12.9 hours in.The fighting mechanics are terrible, Locking on to enemies actually makes using the skills worse so dont bother with that. Combat is a joke. That may be a deal breaker for some of you.no fast travel considering the map size, whatever i can deal with that.This game grabbed my attention just for it to♥♥♥♥♥♥it all away with the combat and parts of the story. The story was good, dont get me wrong it could of been done better. My expetations exceeded what the game gave me.if you like Story rich/RPG/Dialogue heavy games then this is for you, Just wait for it to go on sale.Its a ''Meh.'' at best. 5/10
Darthbob	Not Recommended	21.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/darthbob59/	I would recomend this game at a lower price of 30$.The game becomes highly repetitive after 2-3 hours. It becomes much more difficult to play. It feels at times that there is too much character dialogue for each character. Each one has a life synopsis, and at times is uninteresting. The combat also feels inconsistant and is terrible on mouse + keyboard, you need a controller. Also the map UI is pretty terrible as placing waypoints throws em randomly around on the map.  The core combat mechanics in the combat and the game feel tedious , you stun then suck their blood (if this oneshot them or did major damage it would be more bearable, i almost maxed out bite and it still not instakilling at 1000% dmg) , or slice with bleed weapons.
Killa Magilla	Not Recommended	0.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/killamagilla/	I was wary purchasing this game, there had been a review embargo in place and they were offering "pre-order" dlc, but hey, if I didn't like it I could return it.I didn't like it.*  The combat is clunky.  It's basically a bad version of Assassin's Creed's system.  You are the vampire and you have a stake....  why?   You use the stake as an off-hand weapon to stun people so you can drink from them, which basically gives you one actual attack button.  No thanks.*  It doesn't look great.  I wasn't impressed with the character model or it's animations.  During the in-engine cut-scenes it looks like a marionette more than a person on screen.*  At the very start of the adventure the game points at drawers and cabinets for you to search through.  A new weapon perhaps?  A bit of lore?  Maybe a spooky severed hand?  No.  It's 5 shillings.  Every time, 5 shillings.  You're playing a goddamn vampire doctor, why should you get pumped about 5 shillings?Not everything is bad.  For the most part the voice acting (what I heard of it) was great.  They spent some real money there and got some quality actors.   The story seems engaging as well.  Also, the fact that the difficulty is based on how much you restrain your "thirst" is really interesting.Tl;Dr:  Vampyr is a miss at it's current price point.  Much of the animation and modeling makes it feel like a game from 5-6 years ago than a title coming out today.  Messy combat and odd decisions make this a pass for me.4 cups of blood out of 10.
FlappyMcFlapster	Not Recommended	13.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198007268379/	I am extremely torn by this game. On the one hand, its immersive and engaging. The combat has its flaws, but serves its purpose.SPOILER ALERT: From here on, there will be spoilers.What bothers me about this game are the "choices". In the end, it doesn't really feel like you are making choices as you are making GUESSES. And that I have a serious problem with. It doesn't matter how much information you gather before a "choice" is presented to you, because what you expect to happen based on all of the information you have gathered does not reflect the consequences of the choice you make. There seems to be no reward for sparing the pillars of each district. I have yet to encounter a major choice where the option to SPARE someone has had any sort of positive impact on the game. SO, what's the point of sparing people if the world falls apart anyway when you do so? The answer: don't bother. Kill everyone because you are not rewarded for being a paragon or a pacificist in this game. Exactly the opposite: you are punished and society crumbles when you choose to help people. And no, I'm not talking about the minor characters waltzing about. I'm talking about the pillars of each district. When the time comes to either spare them, embrace them, or the third option which seems to be unlocked through arbitrary actions you've taken in the past, the options where you spare there life has ALWAYS ended in disaster. Note, I have taken that third option, which you would assume provides you with the most benefits considering you have to put in extra work to unlock it, but this is NOT the case at all. So whats the point? What. Is. The. POINT? And that leaves me with this issue of whether or not to recommend this game. It seems that there is no point in playing the "paragon" route in this game, because you are punished for it. And that's extremely stupid. So in the end, the game of choices is actually quite linear, and you have to start ALL OVER when you choose something that goes against the linear design, that is, if you want the most "rewarding" experience the game has to offer. Do the developers of the game not realize how boring and stupid that is? Having to restart everytime you make a choice that makes the most sense based on the info that you've gathered, but then having the repercussions go against everything you have learned thus far? When an open world game that tells you running around collecting information to make the most informed decisions in each situation is the best way to play, and then goes completely against that, it just isn't a fun experience. So, regretfully, I must not recommend this game. Not even on sale.Very dissappointed in you, developers. I truly regret pre-ordering this and inadvertently supporting a mess of an experience. I truly feel like my time has been wasted.Since I am now stuck with this product, I feel like the best thing to do, to really get my money's worth at this point, is to go back and murder every single one of the characters in this game without hesitation. Without delving into the backstories the developers wrote out. I am going to waste their efforts like they wasted mine, and still come out on top of their game because there was no point in delving.
Rivereyes	Recommended	30.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/rivereyes/	Product received for free
Prophet of Herman	Recommended	13.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198155293877/	I'll recommend this game because I do like it, yet there are some glaring issues that are too irreplacable (meaning they would have to go back and edit actual parts of the world) to fix and that every prospective buyer should be aware of. First of all, the combat is somewhat enjoyable. I like the mechanics and I feel that they executed them really well. It's just that I feel like the combat team and the level design team did not work together that well. You really have a fluid range and motion in combat which I enjoy, its just that for the majority of places that you fight in, there really just is not enough space to fight in. This is what I feel is the main complaint I have with the game. I found myself running into walls and pillars too much and getting grappled onto too often simply because I could not see the that there were objects behind me. And some o fthe boss room designs asre terrible. They look intriguing and fit the boss well but with the combat system, all of the setpieces just end up getting in the way, which makes the gameplay really frustrating. In the morgue, when fighting John Doe, I especially had a hard time since he kept teleporting behind a pillar and then his spectral assisstant would lock me in at a pillar where I had no clue I was going to be stuck. Because of things like this, navigation throughout most combat becomes a nightmare. In most Souls games, I'm a filthy dodger, and so when in this game, who seems to be built upon a similar combat structure, does not replicate its source material especially in the level design, it frustrates me evn more. Usually, in the Souls series, your ability to clearly see the surroundings and be given a clear amount of room to fight in is what makes the combat system work. Sadly, this game does not replicate this basic structure as well as it should in a horrifying amount of locations. The story aspect is not the most original, yet I respect what they did with it. It may not be the most original in all aspescts of its story, but the atmosphere is what really glued it together for me. The mood is depressing and you really feel the struggles of the NPCs. The leveling of areas is not always well defined, and you can easily come across enemies that are way higher leveled than you in an instant. They may be just around a corner, where you had just encountered enemies that are around your level, where you turn and they are 5-10 levels higher than you. Now this is not necessarily a bad thing. It really does reinforce that you should feed on the NPCs in order to not die so often, but I feel like they should have recognized that most people on their first playthrough are going to try to not do that so they can get the most amount of quests and complete as much as possible before htey assassinate characters left and right. Some  of the characters are justifiable in killing, but you still would want to do it much later after you unlock every little tidbit that there is about them. Overall, they handled the whole social structure aspect very well. It's very unique and obviosly a selling point of the game. It is quite intriguing, diggin up all the dirty little secrets about everyone. Overall, I'd give it an 8.5/10. It's amazing atmosphere and detective solving kept me interested, but the great and fluid combat shot itself in the foot because you are to fast for the level design and that you cannot always clearly see your surroundings.
Dante from Devil May Cry	Recommended	53.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/iN008/	Despite less than stellar combat, Vampyr was an very enjoyable experience with excellent atmosphere and interesting citizen mechanics.
TrashBin Lichman	Not Recommended	4.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/RiceFgt/	Vampyr is a game that would like you to believe that it has given you ample player agency to do as you please in the world with it's advertising, it's loading screens, and text tutorials telling you how much your choice matters. This creates a almost comical contrast with the first minute of the game play where the it forces the player to kill the protagonist's sister. This is only worsened by the second minute where the game locks the door on you until your slaughter all your pursuers who SAW YOU KILL A WOMAN. The game tells you that killing has consequences while forcing you to kill. Not to mention the blood sucking mechanic. What makes NPCs so valuable compared to the grunts? Why sucking the blood of a NPC gives you thousands of EXP while doing it to a grunt gives you nothing, is the game trying to tell us that the ones pursuing you have no stories of their own? This breaks any semblance of immersion you might have built up at this point.I should have refunded the game at this point, seeing all these glaring issues, but I gave the game the benefit of the doubt and carried on, hoping for anything close to a VtM:BL experience, but the game only got worse. There's no real character building, you can't really choose what kind of a person the protagonist is. There are numerous dialog options where the game doesn't give you the choice of expressing disagreement, let alone nuanced ones. Not to mention the cookie cutter characters. I think you're seeing the pattern here. Not it really matters at all since all the dialogues are a ruse to feed you EXP but you don't really need any to beat the game since the combat is♥♥♥♥♥♥easy.3/10: Should've refunded
Beardy	Not Recommended	12.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Beardy1337/	Don't bother playing, it's a waste of time. - Scenario make no sense- Gameplay is awfull- Full of incoherence(your face is litteraly screaming "VAMPYR" and everyone outside recognize you as one, but for some reasons, some peoples don't)- Play as a nice guy equal always be 10 level bellow every enemies you will faces- Graphics didn't looks like a 2018 game
I am a mute	Recommended	45.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198052368260/	Vampyr does Mass Effect better than Mass Effect 2.The short of it is that Vampyr is a game that other developers should learn from. There are aspects of the game that others do better, for sure. But this game as a total product far outstrips all of the games we have gotten the past 5 or so years.Vampyr is an immersive game that does vampires without devolving into a teen angst or latex softcore porn. The characters are the main focus here. But not only because they are well enough written and voice-acted. Investigating their stories and personalities are directly tied to the game since not only do their continued life have an impact on the game and the gameworld, but how well you get to know them before sucking them dry dictates how much experience you get for the kill.It is a simple concept that is at the same time revolutionary. Delving into the characters in Mass Effect was rewarded with having them survive. But this was simply a choice between spending the effort, or being lazy and skipping content. In Vampyr there is a game-choice to be made. The immersion becomes so much more overt by this design that I really hope developers can translate the concept to more than just Vampire themed games.I can go deeper and discuss the execution of the system, but all you really need to know is that this game does not provide you with overt good or bad, renegade or paragon. Taking an interest in characters is one path with two outcomes. Either you get more experience, or the area in which they live will be healthier. There is a posibility of a third outcome, that drinking specific people could lead to something positive for the characters left alive. I have yet to find this, but I really hope it exists.The port suffers some from certain aspects not being altered to fit the PC. But it is competent enough that at worst they are slight immersion-breaking. The combat is competent enough that you feel like a vampire. But in no way is it hard. Currently I have only drunk one person, and only plan to drink two more (one for the weapon they provide), and I am having litte problem overcoming the enemies.When you go into this game, and you should, consider everything to be more than surface deep. Consider your actions. Consider the choice of responses. Some will result in shutting doors. And since you cannot really tell when these happen, making semi-intelligent choices is an ever present necessity.In summation; any gamer should be happy to spend the money this game costs. It is and will remain an accomplishment of the medium.
TimTams🌹	Recommended	23.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TimTamsAU/	Vampyr is a unique and refreshing as it is something different to the huge swarm of games flooding the market trying to be the next PUBG or Fortnite. From what i have played so far ( Up to Chapter 3).  Give the Game a shot if you're not sure buy it, try it for an hour and a half stop and decide if u want to continue.Combat is Darksouls/Witcher 3 style where it can be challenging if not prepared but can fall short and be repetitive. switching locked on targets on PC is a nuisance as i havent figured out how to do so. Combat is fun with the Skill tree which allows for numerous different playstyle to be imagined and tried out to your hearts content.Visually the game is nice i have been able to maintain a constant 50-60 fps on my current setup. the visuals could need some work however and animations can seem weird at times and somewhat robotic.So far the story's premise is good and helps give a premise towards Johnathan Reid's actions and the moral dilemma thatsome of your actions may cause unforseen consequences to the games world.All n all i'd give vampyr so far a 7/10 for what i have experienced so far
NEFFEREL	Recommended	6.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Nefferel/	Product received for free
vapor	Recommended	1.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TitanicVapor/	My intial impressions of this game are the following ->Great story (so far)Unique characters with differing personalities Decent combat system, not extremely complex, but not terrible. Very beautiful graphics, easy on eyes. Several of the negative reviews are people complaining about technical issues and whatnot but on my PC this game runs very well and should on any PC that can run games like Dishonored, Overwatch, and even Fortnite well. I'd said give it a go, and if you don't like it. refund it. I will not be refunding this excellent game though, and will continue my playthrough on my Youtube channel : TitanicVapor.
CRASH-OVERRIDE	Not Recommended	36.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/digital-pollution/	It's just not worth the price tag.The writing and lore is great, but the gameplay and graphics bugs still need work. Wait for sale and a patch before picking this one up.If you've come from vtmb: it's not vtmb buggy but it's also not vtmb writing/lore quality, if you liked vtmb you'll like this.There's a great game in there somewhere but it makes you look too hard for it to deserve a recommendation. 
wakie	Recommended	33.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198006908263/	The game has some interesting gameplay and I really liked the asthetics, however this doesn't overcome the repetitive NPC swarms that you battle through and the letdown of the choices you make. For a game whose release was delayed this 30 hour experience left me disappointed.
Martin	Recommended	27.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/regi123/	7/10I likez it
Like a Mug	Not Recommended	1.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mattjaccino/	I was expecting something close to a 3rd person vampiric Dishonored, but I am very disappointed.  This game feels like it was rushed and very underdeveloped, almost like a game that was released 10 years ago but remastered to look like a new game. 
SaltyOneOne	Not Recommended	8.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198128713632/	Quite boring and depressing. It's open world in the sense of Yakuza series, where you can go is very limited and the overworld is extremely small, but where yakuza's world is filled with interesting mini games and funny side quest, this game is filled with monotony and locked doors. The overworld is just a small town with only a handfull of houses that you can enter, the rest is just to keep the corridor a corridor. Travel is slow, quest is slow, story is slow, talking is slow............everything is slow. You are expected to talk to each and everyone of the characters in the game and solve their "quest", or more accurately run errands and chores. 90% of them are uninteresting and make you wonder why you should care. If you like condense openworld with small world but cramped with contents, get yakuza 0 instead.
callaloo nori	Recommended	19.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ummhaleema/	YA'LL SLEEPING ON MA BOI JOHN. I don't normally care too much for RPG's and this game helped me realize why. Most RPG's have NPC's that I don't care about, so I don't care to run their quests which is the main purpose of the game. This game makes you care about the RPG's which makes the quests not feel like quests at all.  10/10 nvr killing my black friend the ambulance driver.
$now Leopard	Recommended	17.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ajf123456789/	While the combat can be easy at first, depending on how you spec your character it can make it a challenge later on. The story is well written and flows together nicely. The citizen mechanic makes you think twice about feeding and gives extra depth to the game. All around love the game so far and can't wait to see what the future brings.
filthe	Recommended	4.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/therealfilthy/	Fun game so far, enjoying the story and I enjoy the LA Noire-esque and social aspect of the game. It runs deep and the desicions you have to make runs deeper.Thumbs up
Daedalus3165	Recommended	233.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198802190650/	Great game!!!!
® Ɍobin	Recommended	25.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/RRedRRobin/	This is a really great game for people who love Vampire Games. Although it may have a lot of Dialogue, it brings out the true story of the game. There is a potential of 2nd playthrough to this game again for different story lines and Ending. As for the Fighting system i have no problem with it. I thought it was clunky at first from the looks but playing with it now it is fun and smooth. THERE IS a GLITCH in the LAST BOSS, before you Fight the Blood Queen there is HARRIET JONES. There is a way to 2 SHOT KILL HARRIET JONES and she ends up flying, Lying down or even standing up depending on where she stood from what i tested. DEVS will have to Fix this but if you did not discover this Glitch, over all the game is Really Great!
Randeus	Recommended	52.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198019006188/	One of the best vampire video games I have played.  It has its flaws for example combat but its still so good and fun.  Imagine if it had the witcher 3 combat .  It would go beyond good and touch greatness.
Negative Vibes	Recommended	30.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/yaboinegative/	The story and character development are the saving graces of this game. The combat is, in my experience, more annoying than anything and I really suggest you use the cheat in the powers menu that gives you xp. I think you will enjoy the game much more if you do this because the combat is repetitive and a bit bland most of the time. I completed the game killing no-one and never felt the need to. Overall its a good game and I'd rate it 6.5/10. I really hope in the sequel they work on the combat system and how the blood quality of citizens is handled, as finding out hints about their stories give you more xp if you kill them, but doesn't make sense logically. I think the incentive was to give players who plan to kill most/all citizens a reason to do the side quests in the game, but I think the player should be responsible for making the decision if they would like learn more about the character and then kill them instead of locking them out of xp.
Agaris	Recommended	34.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198033668152/	Great Vamp game Alot of dialog Alot of running around because shortcut not open yetyou will get a little sleeping playing  
Asylumhaunt	Recommended	36.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197985459064/	I feel this game really is a hidden gem.Fighting will feel clunky at the start but gets more fun and rewarding as you level up. Depending on wether or not you want to kill characters (other than regular enemies) leveling up will be very difficult or very easy. If you want a hack and slash game this might put you off.I personally really like the atmosphere of the game and I like the choices it gives you and how it affects the different area's in the game. If you like a narrative driven game and you enjoy getting to know the characters ingame then that'd be a big plus for you. 
LordWalrus	Recommended	29.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198050530625/	Loved the combat, story, characters and style
Cornistin	Recommended	44.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Krischtadees/	I have put many hours into this game and I love it. This is perfect for roleplaying a doctor turned vampire with many choices to make. The combat is fun and the story is pretty good. I would have liked to see more of a morality system but i'm not complaining.
Lady Viper	Recommended	9.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Ladyviper/	I dont review games often. But this game does something absolutely perfectly that you rarely seen in other games. Where your decisions have significant outcomes. You have to choice where you want to go with the game. It really gives you a choice of how you want to play, and that is awesome. You can have a difference experience every time you play. One wrong decision can make an entire area go into shabbles. Its awesome! So many games give you "choices" but it still leads to the same outcome and doesnt show an impact in anyway. Would highly recommend, i love playing. The story is awesome, the game play is awesome. overall 10/10
rezzzman	Recommended	68.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/rezzzman/	Like many, I was hoping for another game that could finally replace Vampire the Masquarade Bloodlines. The game isn't bad, but it is no VTMB. It lacks the variety, sex appeal and humor of its aging predecessor. Vampyr takes itself very seriously with lots of drama, blood and a mostly depressing story line. Postives: - The storyline, while depressing, is good and offers a happy ending for those that make the right decisions. It is basically the only reason I am giving this game a thumbs up.- Voice acting was excellent. - The graphics and animations are nicer than VTMB.- I liked the dialogue system: Some topics are visible but locked until you discovered some of the NPC's secrets. Gives you reason to revisit NPCs and talk to them again.Negatives:- You can't save.- No fast travel to the various hideouts. This means you spend 50% of the game just getting from point A to point B.- Despite the Mature 17+ rating, the romance and cut-scenes are strait from a middle school novel. - Sound track is horrible. A cello and a piano is not a sound track. - The only way to make the game easier is to embrace (kill) innocent citizens, which prevents the happy ending. Many players will constantly struggle 4 to 8 levels behind the enemies for this reason.- Game has almost no environmental variety. There are the streets of London and the sewers. Both involve a lot of brick. -  There is no sexy in this game. Vampyr takes place in a time and place where female attire was anything but sexy. - VTMB has much more replay value because of the distinct powers of each race. IE:Seduction versus Intimidation versus Stealth. Need to open a door... seduce the waitress or intimidate the bartender or pick pocket the owner. Vampyr COULD have had something like that if they had made the powers relate to similar concepts and allowed users to solve problems different ways. As is, your power choices have no impact on how you solve problems, progress through the game or the conversations. Basically, it has almost no replay value.IMO Only:- I'm not a fan of the time period.- You will not smile even once during your entire playthrough of Vampyr. Playing this game made me realize how much I appreciate VTMB's sense of humor.Final Thoughts: The game is high quality in many ways. but it will not go down as a cult classic because it lacks variety and misses one of the key reasons Vampire Lore is attractive to the masses : Sex appeal. It also lacks humor and the ability to play as a female. I realize most of these limits stem from the time period and location that the game is set. But vampires are immortal. There is no reason this game couldn't have been set in the present (or near future). Still, I do not regret purchasing the game. It is a good single play through, but I can't recommend paying more than $15. It doesn't have enough replay-ability to warrant more than that.
Malkina	Recommended	44.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Malkina26/	Product received for free
Down and Dirty	Not Recommended	2.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198008163291/	Looked cool, idea was cool, however, didnt pull it off very well. Clunky gameplay, boring storyline. Regret buying this.
robdean84	Recommended	527.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198129307797/	 Recommended for sure. I do not remember ever playing a game 6x through but this one I could not resist. I hope there is another Vampyr and or DLC for this one or future releases if it is in the works. I do think more could be added as far as the Bourough's that would be nice perhaps with more NPC's and even say caves or like on person mentioned a Castle or 2 with puzzles as well as maybe hidden NPC's/Mission's to be found and completed for Acheivement's. This game has Potential to really evolve if done correctlly.
$now Leopard	Recommended	17.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ajf123456789/	While the combat can be easy at first, depending on how you spec your character it can make it a challenge later on. The story is well written and flows together nicely. The citizen mechanic makes you think twice about feeding and gives extra depth to the game. All around love the game so far and can't wait to see what the future brings.
P3tro$	Recommended	45.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/xXxHunt3rxXx/	I liked this game very much. The whole vibe of London in 20th Century mixing with vampire mythology was really great in my opinion. Gameplay could be really irritating at some points but overall It was really fun. Fighting was challenging enough and it's really all I could've asked. Story was intriguing and unpredictable, character building and choice system was better that I thought it would be, it really fitted vibe of the game. Overall, it was a really fun game. Definitelly worth to play it at least once. 7/10
brookes	Recommended	40.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198020268035/	Main story was good but not great bit easy.Character was fun to play cept for easy combat hit 3 times and dodgeCould have expanded the city scape a bit running across london in 5mins is a bit small.Bit short 21 hours to complete even after restarting cause I accedentaly bit someone and wated the no bitting achievement on first playthrough.Even though the no biting is suppose to make the game hard it wasn'tFor the price expected more of a gameSo reccomended yea but only  if its on sale or there is some wicked DLC that come out soon to expand on the game.
Circus Of Values	Recommended	24.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/circusvalues/	It has a good balance between investigation and action. Story and the voice-acting is amazing. The game also looks very good and the atmosphere very fitting. I havent found any game breaking bugs or really any big flaws with the game. It just get's better and better the further you get into the game. Worth it at full price no doubt! YIIEEEEEEES
filthe	Recommended	4.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/therealfilthy/	Fun game so far, enjoying the story and I enjoy the LA Noire-esque and social aspect of the game. It runs deep and the desicions you have to make runs deeper.Thumbs up
Plasma Daddy	Recommended	26.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198260637475/	I really enjoyed this game. I believe the story esp at then end could have been a little bit better. Over all I will say it was truly fun.
trashmaster	Recommended	39.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198327366981/	Incredible story, great character depth, and fairly entertaining combat. A bit slow moving at times and the controls take a bit of getting used to but well worth the money.
Randomhyperbola	Recommended	24.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/randomhyperbola/	I thought the game was interesting , with an intriguing story and an excellent (yet haunting) score.
Dandy	Recommended	29.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197994948190/	So far so good. Dilemmas are interesting, investigations can be fun and challenging. Suffers a bit from Witcher 3 syndrome where because you tell X something, then Y kills himself even though that's not really something you would reasonably suspect.
S1gmar	Recommended	74.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/S1gmar/	Dis GaEm iz g0od, alright ?!  Buy it!  |  Этот Иг0рь х0рош, лады?! Покупайте!__________________________________________________The Pandemic is upon US; What would be thY choize, Doctar?  __________________________________________________An amazingly fair Vampire Action/RPG game set in the gloomy remains of UK's London upon The Great War [1st VV_VV].*
Der Großmann	Recommended	48.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198123142418/	Vampyr is finally here after all the hype l must admit the game turned out to be quite good and ,as usual ,l'de like to show some pros and cons l've experienced during my 30 hours into the game so far.Pros :1-atmosphere and visual style2- the combat is like a mixture between The Witcher 3 and Bloodborne3-many npcs who have interesting story arcs4-extense skill trees with plentyful skills to better match your own individual playstyleCons :1- there's no new game plus feature2-the npc models look dated3-combat ,even though is good ,it yelds little exp
malloc	Recommended	37.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/shinigami_1567/	Vampyr is an excellent game. It's drenched in setting, and tells an interesting and intreguing story very well. The game systems are interesting and quality, and are both challenging and fair. The story kept me playing, and I respect the challenge the "not even once" run poses. Would recommend.
lockemere	Recommended	119.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/lockemere/	I liked the game. thought it was done well
Certzy ♔	Recommended	25.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198091538860/	Great game!
philmo3321	Recommended	10.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198269255402/	not disappointed at all. pretty good game!Every character you encouter have a back story and really help you decide who to kill.the game have great soudtrack, the graphics are good. the atmosphere is great.the only down side of this game is the combat systems.. i mean its an ok system but its not like witcher3..  for this price its a great game.i really believe that the devs put a lot of work and love on this project. 
Stone Carrier	Recommended	26.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/cjc343/	Cambat is my only real complaint, but it grows on you after a while.
Malkina	Recommended	44.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Malkina26/	Product received for free
Down and Dirty	Not Recommended	2.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198008163291/	Looked cool, idea was cool, however, didnt pull it off very well. Clunky gameplay, boring storyline. Regret buying this.
robdean84	Recommended	527.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198129307797/	 Recommended for sure. I do not remember ever playing a game 6x through but this one I could not resist. I hope there is another Vampyr and or DLC for this one or future releases if it is in the works. I do think more could be added as far as the Bourough's that would be nice perhaps with more NPC's and even say caves or like on person mentioned a Castle or 2 with puzzles as well as maybe hidden NPC's/Mission's to be found and completed for Acheivement's. This game has Potential to really evolve if done correctlly.
Cornistin	Recommended	44.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Krischtadees/	I have put many hours into this game and I love it. This is perfect for roleplaying a doctor turned vampire with many choices to make. The combat is fun and the story is pretty good. I would have liked to see more of a morality system but i'm not complaining.
Plasma Daddy	Recommended	26.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198260637475/	I really enjoyed this game. I believe the story esp at then end could have been a little bit better. Over all I will say it was truly fun.
Tyra Wadman	Recommended	32.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198054728114/	I'll start off by saying this is a game that you can't save. They made it so you must suffer the consequences of your actions. But don't be alarmed- that's what makes it interesting. Or at least, it'll probably be more interesting than what I ended up with.Without spoiling too much, a lot of people are under the impression that this game is about vampires. And it is (duh) but they're upset about the effects or 'repercussions' of choosing a violent path. But if you actually read the documents you find, and remember the role of your character, it makes sense. It isn't some sort of game with a kill count. It's a story.Fighting is a pain (oh my god, remove auto target immediately) but it is there to tempt you into giving up. To saying '♥♥♥♥ it' and justify killing people just because it's convenient for you. Yes people are sick, but these are dark times and people are desperate. Will you shrug them off because it's 'too much work' or will you do your job? Or you can fight for what you think is right, never sway, and let Dr.Reid have HIS happy ending.  After all, this isn't about YOU. I am a thorough gamer. I'm curious. And I've always been one to see if I can't somehow defy an NPC when they're trying to manipulate me into killing someone. I typically strive for the 'best possible ending', if I think it can be helped. And it did. It was uneventful, but that's what typically happens when you don't cause problems for yourself. Room for improvement: - The overall copy/paste design of the characters ruined immersion. - Conversations were stale. The characters had history, but no real personality. The camera sat in one place. The main character doesn't even twitch. It was so boring to watch, but dialogue doesn't skip like in other games. If there are two lines of dialogue, clicking once will skip both lines. - Subtitles are horrible! It's one thing if they're paraphrased, but my god, there were words the character didn't even say!- This kind of story wasn't my cup of tea. Boy meets girl during crisis. Despite only seeing her three times and spending 0 time together, they're now romantically involved. Then the rest of it just wasn't that interesting at all. Even if you complete side quests, nothing really progresses. Maybe I'll start another one to see if sticking to a true vampiric nature isn't worth it...- I want more roles for these NPC's. Like "hey, I just learned you're being abused. Come with me and I'll make sure no one hurts you!" And then you see them later and they're happy or being useful... SOMETHING! This game has none of that. No one gets offended by you calling them out about the fact that they're trying to poison their spouse. No one kicks you out. Nothing.- Please add more detail to the map!!! UGH!!! - I watered my plant. Now what? I do recommend, but if you're like me/unsure just wait for it to be %50 off.
Giggles	Not Recommended	1.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/laughinggcatt/	Yet another game that I really wanted to play but ultimately had to refund due to poor optimization. Framerate is locked at 62(which is odd), stutters non-stop, and the game just looks and feels kinda♥♥♥♥♥♥
sixthreezy	Not Recommended	7.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/sixthreezy/	This is a rough one. I was really excited for this game to come out.It doesn't really do anything it tries to do, well. The combat is rough, the story is kinda there... The flow of gameplay is off.. I can't seem to get a good grip on any of the systems.This game really just doesn't do better than okay at any one thing. The combat between objectives may be its worst feature. A nuisance, to say the least.I paid full price and it's not adding up, so I hope to get some replay value out of it on a new playthrough later down the road. Get it on sale.Otherwise, the game looks great, has a great sense of atmosphere, and that's about it... Music is decent. It's just not enough...
Binzer	Not Recommended	28.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198007278515/	First, I’d like to say that all-in-all, I think this is a good game (so far, as of this review I’m only 2 hours in).  Most of the complaints I’ve read are about unlikeable characters or redundant combat.  So far I don’t have a problem with the characters, and although I suspect the combat could become redundant eventually, I’m hoping the next patch that allows us to change difficulty levels will change that.  Many of the other faults, such as the crappy PC controls (which is what prevented me from purchasing the game when it first came out) have been fixed by the first two patches.However, I’m still giving this a negative review, for one reason:  the save system.  This forced save system is stupid on all sorts of levels, to the point where it ruins the immersion of the game for me.As an example, when I first entered the hospital I was supposed to make my way to the second floor to my room.  On my way, I stopped and talked to several people, including two that gave me two different quests.  When I got to my room I saw the Vampyr “save” symbol appear in the upper right corner of the screen and assumed I was ok to quit.  When I logged back in, I found myself standing outside of the hospital, not in my room where I last left off.  At first I was worried that all of the conversations that I had in the hospital had never taken place, but looking at my quest log I found that I did have the quests.  Now I’m not really sure what was actually saved and what wasn’t.Let me be clear that I’m not a save scummer.  It ruins the immersion of the game for me whenever I must reload a saved game, even if I have to do so because of a party wipe-out (in some games I’ll play a “one life” game where I’ll start the game over from the beginning if my character dies).  That said, I strongly disagree with the developer’s decision to “force” a single save based on the very weak claim that this is the way they intend the game to be played and they want people to suffer the consequences of their actions.I don’t understand this attitude that “my way to play a game is the only correct way to play the game, and everyone else should be forced to play my way.”  Yes, I know this is the developer’s game and they can make it however they want (more on that below).  But to me it seems arrogant to force others to play the way you want to play.  I personally agree that save scumming is wrong, and I don’t do it, but that doesn’t mean that I’m going to force my beliefs on others.If that were the only argument against this save system, then I probably wouldn’t give it a bad review.  However, there are many valid reasons to allow players to save and re-load that have nothing to do with save scumming.  Unlike some people, I actually have a life … kind of.  Ok, not really, but there are times when I must stop playing immediately to go do something else, and I can’t do that in this game without the risk of having to re-play some of my actions.  Furthermore, as noted by other reviews and posts in the discussions, sometimes the choices presented to the player are not always clear. I have no problem with a choice having unintended consequences, and I’ll live with that decision.  But if I’m presented with a choice that appears to suggest that I’m going to do one thing, and after choosing that option my character does something entirely different (regardless of whether it is to his detriment or his benefit), then I’ll want to go back and make that choice again because it wasn’t the choice that I intended.  Furthermore, there is the possibility of bugs occurring that may require the player to go back beyond the last save point.  Again, I can’t understand the arrogance of the developers in thinking that their game is so perfect that situations like these will not occur (when in fact they obviously already have).Worst of all, this save system ruins the immersion of the game for me. The situation above is just one example.  Another was when I was on the trail of my maker and had to quit the game before I finished the quest.  Sensing that I was close to my goal, I would have never had my character back-track to a nearby haven and rest for the night.  But since I wasn’t sure when my last save was, or what I needed to do in order to save, I went back to a haven and rested for the night to insure the game would save.Yes, I understand that Dontnod can create whatever game they want to create, and I do side with their view that a person’s choice should matter and you should have to live with the consequences.  But their decision to force others to abide by this view is only costing them customers, and for what gain?  It costs them nothing to allow people to save when they want.  More importantly, their save system is ruining the game for me, and is completely unnecessary as I would have played the game without save scumming regardless of the save system.One other note for those who claim that this system is more immersive:  Every time you die (and I've died alot in one boss fight) you start over at the last save point where trash mobs and treasure is respawned.  Apparently you can get a huge amount of items and sone XP just by dying and respawning over and over again.  How does this make you "live with the consequences of your actions?"In conclusion, I don’t enjoy the idea of having to second guess when I can quit so that I don’t have to re-play a bunch of encounters.  Admittedly, if this save system doesn’t bother you then you may want to consider the game.  But I can’t recommend the game in this state.
trashmaster	Recommended	39.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198327366981/	Incredible story, great character depth, and fairly entertaining combat. A bit slow moving at times and the controls take a bit of getting used to but well worth the money.
Randomhyperbola	Recommended	24.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/randomhyperbola/	I thought the game was interesting , with an intriguing story and an excellent (yet haunting) score.
Dandy	Recommended	29.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197994948190/	So far so good. Dilemmas are interesting, investigations can be fun and challenging. Suffers a bit from Witcher 3 syndrome where because you tell X something, then Y kills himself even though that's not really something you would reasonably suspect.
John Ghoul	Recommended	139.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198108540949/	one of my favorite rpg games
CRASH-OVERRIDE	Not Recommended	36.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/digital-pollution/	It's just not worth the price tag.The writing and lore is great, but the gameplay and graphics bugs still need work. Wait for sale and a patch before picking this one up.If you've come from vtmb: it's not vtmb buggy but it's also not vtmb writing/lore quality, if you liked vtmb you'll like this.There's a great game in there somewhere but it makes you look too hard for it to deserve a recommendation. 
PurpleDrank	Recommended	24.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197961431527/	Love: Story (so far), setting, music, omni-gloomHate: Priwen Guard, ♥♥♥♥ you
Horon	Recommended	13.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198045109571/	Pretty fun,7/10
jackelele =D	Recommended	35.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198072474628/	I don't think I've ever reviewed a game before but I enjoyed Vampyr so much I've been feeling compelled to share my thoughts. For me, this was a very enjoyable experience. I might be wrong but I don't think there have been many games that have explored the concept of a Vampire RPG. At least not in the brilliant graphics, interactive world and standard which Dontnod Entertainment presents it. I think they've pulled this off quite well.Finding hints can sometimes be really annoying, but maybe that's me just being careless, blind or both (probably both). Spotting a spare piece of paper on a desk just far enough out of the way of your intended path to the main objective can sometimes be the bane of your eternal existence. I think that the amount of opportunities within the heavy amounts of dialogue to chose your own response to certain conversational points is liberating and a lot of the characters are interesting in their own way. This is why progressing through the story and conversing with them feels more enlightening than it is a chore. Thelma Howcroft was a good example for me. When I found myself short on XP and wanted to feed on some of the inhabitants of the hospital, I couldn't bring myself to put an end to her because I found her quite an entertaining character. It's hard to describe.If I had to guess the most talked about thing in these reviews, negatively at least, I would probably bet my house on the combat system. To an extent it is fair criticism. But I feel it definitely gets better as you level up your vampiric abilities and expand your weapons arsenal. It seems unfair for me to criticise it too much mostly because it got better over time, and partly because I cannot offer anything better in its place. As the game progressed I fitted into the role a lot better. Towards the end the domino effect got the better of me - as I killed one character I wiped out the next one and about 10 more. I wiped out almost an entire district just to get XP. In terms of the fate of London you are very much in control of the groups of people. The grim result is that when you get the ending that you get (there are 4, I think) you begin to understand why you are deserving of that ending as opposed to the other ones which you can look up if you chose. The upshot of having 4 endings which you have to play differently to achieve means this game is well worth your time should you want to replay it. The map size is a pretty perfect fit for the game. After playing games like Fallout which boast large maps, hearing that Vampyr isn't nearly as big can be superficially disheartening until you actually get into it and realise it doesn't need a massive map. And whilst I'm in the business of drawing comparisons to other games that aren't the same: remember Assassins Creed: Black Flag? When you wanted to get on with doing a naval mission but your matchstick of a Jackdaw was being sunk to the depths of the ocean repeatedly because you couldn't be bothered to level it up? Maybe that was just me... I learnt from my mistakes and to not do the same with my vampiric abilities in this game. Lol.Like I said I don't review these games often. The reason I'm doing it is because I want to see more games like this. Possibly even a sequel? My first impressions were that there might be quite a niche market for this sort of conversation heavy story as most people would find the need for hints overbearing; mainly in halting them feeding on the blood of people they don't know enough about to get a share of experience that is worthwhile to offset the repercussions. Maybe even because you feel more like detective Reid than Doctor Reid sometimes. I don't think that's a bad thing.TL;DR... I really loved this game and was very sad to finish it. For me it was definitely worth the money and I would wholeheartedly recommend it.  
Drake Platinum	Recommended	30.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/drakekami/	its a enjoyable game but I do think its a bit short for a rpg especially if you feed like crazy. The combat is probably the biggest flaw in the game as you fight often and the fighting can be tedious or clunky in certain situations. I liked the story alot and the world building but I do not like how the "evil" ending is almost unavoidable. And I personally think if the game is going to "punish" you for being a pacifist it shouldnt have combat be the only route. in VTMB for many portions of the game you can avoid combat with skills and speech checks. Overall if you like RPGs its worth a shot. If you like rpgs and vampires I think you should play it. This game has more dialog then most rpgs keep that in mind and the combat is nothing special. Also this game desperately needs fast travel because ♥♥♥♥ me i ran back and forth way too ♥♥♥♥ing much. and manual saves.
judgedeath2	Recommended	9.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/judgedeath2/	Incredible atmosphere, inriguing story and dialogue, and surprisingly solid combat. Vampyr is a slow burn and has been gripping the whole way trhough.
oldchili	Recommended	25.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/oldchili/	Buy it. Play it. Finish it. Enjoy.
Mitch, a goddamned sonovabitch	Recommended	26.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198000162778/	It's pretty good, though not without its faults. I guess you could make a very loose comparison to the cult classic Vampire Bloodlines, in a way that Vampyr is also a dialogue-heavy, hub based action RPG about vampires, with heavy emphasis on choices and consequences. And it's also a bit broken.The biggest difference between these games is the combat, though. Basic principles of combat in Vampyr remind me of Bloodborne but the execution is nowhere near as good. At least it's functional and not frustrating, which is okay since combat isn't the most important part of the game.The most important part -for me at least- was the whole choice and dialogue system built around NPCs.If you're a friendly doctor vampire, you can run around the town and make sure that everyone is healthy by crafting medicine and passing it around like a fussy grandma. That way, by the end of the game all districts are safe and you get a good ending. On the other hand, if you're an evil emo vampire and suck everyone off -I mean Embrace them- for a bigger XP boost, all districts will fall into chaos and everyone will be ♥♥♥♥ed by the end of the game. Which is tempting because the more people you Embrace the more powerful you become (and it really feels).So for anyone who saw Interview With The Vampire - you can role-play either as Louis or as Lestat. Both of them were ♥♥♥♥, though, which is why I chose my sweet prince  Vlad the Impaler  as a role model.Here's what you do.First, make sure that everyone is healthy throughout the game. Second, make sure that all their problems are resolved and you got all the dialogue hints (it gives you even bigger XP boost). And third, as soon as you unlock all hubs and take care of every NPC, ♥♥♥♥ing murder all of them, get massive amounts of XP and become an unstoppable juggernaut of destruction for the last two chapters, yeah baby!So you will get a bad ending but who cares? You're playing as a vampire, not a ♥♥♥♥♥-vampire, am I right? If that's the kind of power fantasy you're looking for in an RPG game, then Vampyr most certainly delivers and I think that's what I loved it for the most.
LT	Recommended	32.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Kyborgimursu/	I really liked this game. It's not quite as awesome as Vampire: The Masqurade - Bloodlines, but there are not that many games about vampires, and I think they did a pretty good job. The game has great voice acting, combat and interesting idea for a difficulty slider, which basically means that you get more xp if you eat all the npcs.
Muh macht die Kuh 👍	Recommended	3.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Crytch/	Have only playeed until the end of the prologue yet, but man, this game is better than most people say.The graphics are outdate, that's right. But the freedom it gives you, even in the first 1.5 hours, is great. Performance wise its a dream, I have tried it on my Y520-Laptop (Intel i5; Geforce GTX 1060 3 GB; 8GB Ram; installed on SSD). All settings on high, some on max, 1920x1080, still running very good, loading times >5 seconds.Can't wait to play on.
println("Oh.")	Recommended	13.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/printlnoh/	So, let me start of by saying, I made the mistake of getting into the game with a mouse and keyboard. It was very clear from just the fact that when I launched the game all the controls were labled in xbox controller terms that this game is best played on a controiller, and for the combat I honestly believe that. And to add to that, in dialog, with the mouse and keyboard you are not able to move your view from side to side. However, these issues are quite easily fixed by just grabbing your nearest controller and getting ready for a fun experience.Now to get to the actual game. To put simply, the environment is amazing, but you do have to put aside your belief in other vampire rpg games. Simply, this is not them, and if you are looking for a continuing of masquerades, then you are going to be VERY disappointed. Many different people have differing ideas on the ideal vampire, and it is very clear here that this world has its own vampire lore not found elsewhere. So, removing that from the equation, the soundtrack is immersive, the world looks exactly how you would expect a world infested with vampires in 1918 london, and its amazing.Yet the only downside is probably going to be the quality of the graphics. I personally have not found a problem with anything I've seen, but that may just be me not being particularly picky. However, others have found that the animations are not the best and the graphics could be considered a little outdated, but running on the highest graphic settings, I can tell you I've not found too big of a problem.The story is simply amazing. It's a little bit slow, but I was not expecting a very fast-paced story considering the fact that DONTNOD made Life is Strange. To be honest, this game may serve a lot better as a game to play for the story than anything else. The only problem with the story is the lack of choices between what you want to do, it seems more like it is entirely linear, yet that is more expected from a more RPG oriented game unlike LiSBut that brings me to a point, the fact is that this game's choices are based entirely on what NPCs you want to kill or don't want to kill. This mechanic is interesting and quite a refresher from classic RPGs, but it is not without its faults. The problems I have with it is that the difficulty of the game is balanced entirely upon killing them, and I feel like that should not be the case. As someone who is unlikely to kill citizens in any videogame, I find that my playthrough is severely harmed by the fact that I won't bite any citizen. Sure, I could just go bite down on some NPCs I'm not particularly fond of, but I'd prefer not to. I just simply feel like there should be a difficulty option on top of that so that people who are not particularly good at combat / just want to have a relaxing game can. But that's not a very big issue, blieve me.However, there is one VERY clear part of this game that is the biggest problem for me. It's the combat. Firstly, it's very simple. You have 3 bars: your health, your stamina, and your blood. Manage these correctly and you win the fight. Yes, it's actually that simple, and I feel like that's a bit of an issue. The fact is that if I accentily attack when I'm low on stamina means half of my health is gone because my character is then unwilling to move out of the way. Yes, regular / nonspecialized attacks take stamina, and it does infuriate me quite a bit. Countless times I've died because I was just wacking and enemy with my main weapon and I run out of stamina right as they decide to do their special move, and even though I'm at fully health, I break like a twig. But then again, I play on a mouse / keyboard, which is my mistake when playing this game.The final thing I will say about this game that I don't enjoy, is the fact that there is no fast travel, and when you are moving inbetween districts there are forced enemies you must fight. It's kinda a way to block you from getting from place to place and my only reaction was: Why? It doesn't really make the game any more challenging, it just makes me upset when I'm trying to get to a place just to talk with someone and I die just trying to get there. I've also even stopped caring about the health of districts because sometimes I honestly just don't want to fight the mobs it takes to get over there. That's it.Overall: This game needs a better combat system and a greater support for keyboard / mouse. Other than that, it is an amazing game definitely worth its price- Especially with all the recent games trying to sell themselves at a higher value than anything of what they are worth (Yes, I'm looking at you Bless). If you like the vampire theme and 1918 London, I guarantee the story in this game won't leave you disappointed.
Psycho Bunny	Recommended	40.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/psybunneh/	So the story of the game is decent if you are into that sort of stuff like vampires and♥♥♥♥♥♥the graphics and overall enviroment and soundtrack was really nice, you spend half of the game talking to npcs the combat is complete trash the hitboxes are so off it pains me, the game gets harder depending on your choices but with such a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ combat system makes it really frustrating when everytying is just not working properly was very rage inducing the more difficult it became, I wish there was a balancce between fun and challenging.This game is really promising but there are so many things it fails or things they should have added to make your experience more fun, for me I wanted to do some achievment hunting but it really put me off once i had to restart the entire game on a new save just to be able to get like 'collect all weapons' or 'get all collectibles', I understand replaying for the different endings and even that i wish you could just replay certain chapters where most of the important game changing choices were made, but just for collectibles i wish i could go back to London to be able to pick some stuff i left there had I known this would happen i would not have continued the story I was so into. If you are an achievemnt hunter have fun investing a lot of your hours in this.Overall I would say im pretty 50/50 there are so many things they could improve and I hope they will listen to some of the stuff the community has to say and maybe inprove upon it for their future games.
Ashe Main	Recommended	69.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/LazyDreyIsGay/	I'm Doctor Jonathan Reid and i have million of questions M'lady
Escoria	Not Recommended	28.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197986091348/	Had to delete my playing because of a bug I was carrying from the begining, no way to go further because of it...The game is nice but after a while just repetitive and plenty of bugs :(
unuru	Recommended	17.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/iamunuru/	Few minor glitches, but game is camptivating.
IBEATDEATH	Recommended	20.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198412921943/	i am a fan of vampire movies and games aswell as literature i would recommend this game to anyone who loves the  mythology of vampires. i also loved the story and plot  line in this game it kept me playing till the end i did struggle with mainting the areas in the game where i had to keep the areas flourishing and heal people but that was bad on my part lol.
Uncle Squiggly	Recommended	32.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/unclesquiggly/	I like it. Its story oriented with secondary on combat. But before you buy it reminds me of Mass Effect. You know when you go into a town and there are tons of people to talk to with little sidequests? Its a lot of that
Crystal Mendrilia	Recommended	73.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197982181615/	I have not enjoyed a game about Vampires this much since the Blood Omen: The Legacy of Kain on the PS1.  Not only that but they took elements from Blood Omen: The Legacy of Kain 2, and made them WORK!  WELL!   There is even replay ability in this game as you can totally play differently not only in build, but character decisions. IF you like Vampires that do NOT Glow in the Sunlight, and you love actual Drama instead of.... glowing in day light.....   This is a game you should get. I'm haven't been this into Vampires since Hellsing Ultimate!I only Recommend this game because I cannot HIGHLY Recommend it.
Chi Long Qua	Recommended	64.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198118487268/	I have waited so long for this game. I have to admit my mixed feelings... combat style is worse than in Vampire the masquarade: Bloodlines(2004) and u have there several CLASSES with unique spells! Story is not well writen compare to ULTRA GODMODE storyline in Vampire the masquarade: Redemption(2000). Still.... I want you to support devs and play it... its not bad.... just not as good as Vampire games i mentioned. I cannot give more than 70%. 
barkas	Not Recommended	10.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/bims_barkas/	Vampire the Masquerade Bloodlines meets Dark Souls, only it seems to combine the weaker aspects of the two.A boring do-gooder vampire killing his way through ever respawning hordes of vampire hunters and feral vampires called skals, to go from quest A to point B in a victorian post apocalyptic London that looks the same everywhere.The fights are Dark Souls like, only the enemies seem much the same everywhere and the controls are noticeably less crisp. Most of the enemies are rather weak and easily killed, but then sometimes there are other enemies that look much the same but seem to be almost impossible to kill.The many enemies hinder the flow of the questline quite a bit, as does the unintuitive layout of the city, where paths seem open on the map, but once you get there (killing your way through lots of trashmobs on the way), there's a gate there that can only be unlocked from the other side - and it wasn't even a shortcut.The sidegames seem to be designed as a way to waste as much of the players time as possible without being any fun at all. There are mostly two of them:- You have to "heal" NPCs to keep the health of the district up, or more trashmobs spawn (or so the game claims), using crafted potions during conversations. Some of the maladies are quite silly like "fatigue", "headaches".- The other one is kind of like a menu, since you can bloodsuck NPCs. So there is a inventory of NPCs and how much XP you get for draining them, the point being, the more you know about them, the more XP you get. That knowledge has to be gotten through basically exhausting the dialogue trees of everyone. Boring.So, in short, I'd rather go back to Dark Souls for the combat and VTMB for the story and atmosphere.
Ironic	Recommended	26.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/PitchBlackLight/	Well, this game is not a perfect game(of course! because there is no perfect game and will never exist)Maybe this game is not like famous AAA game that you usually play, but i do reccomend this game.   The game is focused on gameplay and stories, the map/world is not too big but the atmosphere... oh man! so awesome. Npcs in this game is interesting and has an interesting background. The combat is not perfect but its fine for me at least. There is no black and white or neutral decision, this game tell you that you cant save everyone(obviously its because the game gets damn hard if you don't embrace or kill somebody but you can still choose to not kill npc if you want to). You are a doctor you must save people but do not forget that you are a vampire now you must feed from blood of human, otherwise you might get bullied by enemies in this game. Overall this game is good, and we need more revolutionary game like this from indie developer in game industry.8/10P.S. i preordered this game to be honest
Circus Of Values	Recommended	24.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/circusvalues/	It has a good balance between investigation and action. Story and the voice-acting is amazing. The game also looks very good and the atmosphere very fitting. I havent found any game breaking bugs or really any big flaws with the game. It just get's better and better the further you get into the game. Worth it at full price no doubt! YIIEEEEEEES
Rise	Recommended	39.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198013866556/	Its not your regular  Assassins creed/ openworld/  Rpg. Just dont expect that before you buy the game, and then whine about the game being linear. Learn to do your reasearch.Vampyr is a breath of fresh air, with some very unique interesting mechanics. The story so far has been fantastic( although takes a downward nose dive towards the end.) with interesting characters, Solid gameplay/ combat, fun ( but very easy) boss battles and some really tough decisions/consequences. The side missions aren't boring for once, thank god.The game  does have its share of bugs, nothing a restart wouldnt fix. Looking forward to more content.
Rotten Obscenity	Recommended	25.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/RottenObscenity/	Very enjoyable game. I want there to be a sequel!
Sebastian Lacroix	Recommended	48.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/lucvdm/	In many ways this game feels like a love letter to Vampire The Masquerade - Bloodlines. It's easy to draw that comparison. Both games are RPGs, about vampires, in which you play a freshly embraced vampire, who then gets entangled in a web of lies and mystery. Both games also have many flaws, but those flaws did not stop me from enjoying Vampyr (or Bloodlines) because there is so much love, passion and depth to be found in both Vampyr and Bloodlines. And just like Bloodlines, I have a feeling Vampyr might end up becoming a cult classic among both vampire- and RPG lovers.Lets start with the obvious: This is NOT a triple-A game, as is immediately obvious when one starts playing the game. The animations are janky (not as bad as Mass Effect: Andromeda though), the the controls feel floaty and the combat feels rough around the edges (Vampyr's combat is almost exactly like Bloodborne or perhaps the Witcher 3, but less polished). All in all Vampyr might not leave the best first impression. But those who press on past the tutorial will quickly discover what a gem this game really is. Because a gem it certainly is. A diamond in the rough. Vampyr does many things right. The game has 60+ NPCs you can interact with, and each NPC has his or her own personality, background, relationships, side-quests and eavesdrop events that allow you to learn their deepest darkest secrets. Many RPG developers have promised to populate their worlds with unique NPCs with their own unique routines and personal agendas. Almost all those RPGs fell short on that promise, but not Vampyr. Getting to know each and every NPC is a blast and it always feels rewarding when you learn a secret about an NPC by asking their relatives the right questions, secrets you can then bring up in later interactions with that NPC. Sometimes this leads to unique solutions to quests and story-arcs. Similarily, when an NPC dies, the other characters related to that NPC will react accordingly. It can be quite fun to embrace (e.g. murder) an NPC to then see how his relatives and neighbors react to it.Which leads us to the ultimate question of Vampyr: To embrace or not to embrace? To get the maximum amount of experience points from an embrace, you have to get to know the NPCs first, do their quests and learn all their secrets. After doing all that, you might not want to kill that person anymore because you started to like him. On the other hand, there have been moments where I was extremely tempted to embrace NPCs who - in my opinion - deserved to die. It's tempting to play judge, jury and executioner and rid London of the worst scum, but that's something you want to avoid doing willy-nilly. For starters: killing people will result in the district falling into chaos, eventually past the point of no-return, meaning the entire district gets wiped out by the plague. As well, if you want to get the achievement for doing a 'non-lethal' playthrough, you also want to avoid eating people, no matter how much they deserve it. Note that 'non-lethal' in this case means not embracing any NPCs, there are plenty of mooks and bosses you get to kill without ruining your chances of getting the 'Not Even Once' achievement. Personally I fell for the temptation, and embraced a couple of NPCs in my playthrough, ruining my 'non-lethal' playthrough. The temptation was just too strong, I couldn't let that prick Dawson get away with his shenanigans, he deserved to die, he had it coming. To which I say: Well played Dontnot, well played. I'll get that damn achievement on my next playthrough... probably.
CryoCat	Recommended	9.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198080498165/	Fancy British War Hero Doctor forced to survive on rat blood.
JCDenton	Recommended	33.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/awesome2010/	Vampyr: An engaging story with a  haunting soundtrack and impactful player consequences make up for the somewhat clunky combat mechanics and character animations.  It is only a positive that this game has rightfully been compared to the Masquerade series with shades of Redemption & Bloodlines.8.5/10
legione	Recommended	33.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198036839798/	this game is one of the best vampire games out there. the gameplay is not that well made, whit all its console limitation. the levels and the world are kinda simple and choppy but the story beast most of the milion dollars games out there, sucking u in these intricate quests making u realy feal the hunger that fights morality. I realy advise this game because is one of the best out there.
Moopokalypse	Recommended	19.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/tylersuddy97/	Of the short time I have played this game. I love it! It's beautiful how well that Dontnod has executed this game. From the lore of the Vampires, the diferent types, their societies, and their hunters. Simply Marvellous. This game is just what i had hoped it would be from the magic and abilities, to the skill tree, to the combat!!
Tucker	Recommended	23.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/tucker174/	So I'm about 8 hours in and I feel this is a good place to leave a review. Will update if my feelings change later on.This is a game that lets you be whatever sort of vampire you wish to be. Want to kill everyone you meet? Go for it! Want to spare everyone? You can do that, too! The thing that makes this game interesting is that its difficulty is tied directly into your actions and who you decide to kill/spare. The consequences aren't necessarily obvious, either... I'm playing a bit more to the pacifistic side. Your choice of playstyle affects how you level up as well. Killing civilians is by far the easiest way to level up and upgrade your skills. Hereby lies the difficulty in your decision. You might kill a few people to get a cool new ability and end up throwing the region into chaos, making the game harder.So far the story has me intrigued (as I would expect from Dontnod; makers of Life is Strange). Most of the characters are quite intricate as you begin to discover their backstory and their secrets. A bad person could be doing things for good reasons and a good person could've made one horrible mistake.Combat can be a little clunky at times, especially while dodging, as player collision is quite heavy with enemies and the surroundings. It sucks to die because someone pinned you against a wall and you couldn't move.Overall I'm quite happy with the game so far. If you were keen on buying this already, it likely won't disappoint. If you were on the fence, wait until it goes on sale. I'm sure you'll get something out of it.
RazzGurl	Recommended	47.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/RazzGurl/	like any other game it has its share of flaws but its overall concept is pleasing to play it reminds me of a Witcher 3/DarkSouls/Surge type of gameplay style with a dash of life is strange and telltale games when your choices matter.  it has an  interesting mechanic with the communities from each district the system is kinda cool  each character have layers to their personality  it gives you a chance decide whos life is worth taking or not cause you could use their blood to progress your characters attributes unless you wanna be a lame vampire and kill no one lol  ive never seen anything quite like it before. if your into any of those games i mentioned above then youll like this game!
Niclas	Recommended	79.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198132420767/	New Game: Enjoy the storyNew Game Plus: Finish the game without killing any citizens, unlock all citizens hints & background stories, gather all collectiblesThird Playthrough: Enjoy your killing spree :)I've personally been looking for an ARPG with a rich story and vampiric creatures for a long time, so honestly, this 100% satisfied my need for that type of game. Graphic 7.5/10Music & Sound Effect 9/10Storytelling 9/10Degree of Freedom 7/10Playability 8.5/10Replayability 7/10
Aztreas	Recommended	35.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/lieric2013/	Liked the game a lot. The story was pretty immersive and I really got attached to the characters I was interacting with. The combat lags behind the rest of the game as you unlock some pretty broken skills which, while incredibly amusing to use and visually appealing, make the fights too easy late in the game. It was clear what tone the game was going for, and the no save scum system makes you invested in your decisions unlike some other story based games.
Hellojjko	Recommended	22.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198085769240/	剧情代入感极强，支线任务也很有趣，需要自己去发掘。最喜欢的一点是，你的行为会对居民和地区造成影响。可以选择当个好人，或者是彻底沉沦
TheFungMeister	Recommended	26.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198106055136/	I only have one question after playing this game.  Why are there werewolves in the game and why are all the characters so casual about it?! They are barely mentioned at all while everyone freaks out about the vampires. It makes no sense! LOL  
Karloff	Recommended	82.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198162074924/	I have enjoyed playing Vampyr. The storyline, the environment, the dialogue in which the game takes place is very appealing, mysterious and I have been acquiring a growing taste for RPGs, so it was a game that I had anticipated with enthusiasm. It fulfilled my expectations, but it did not overcome them yet. The game has some limitations with regard to combat mechanics and animation in general, sometimes appearing as an older game. The game is in fact ambitious and its general conceptualization has left me glazed and entertained for a long hours, awakens an interest in unraveling its plot, through constant dialogues where we try to unravel the secrets of the characters, being us a doctor who was transformed into a vampire and seeks to know more about his condition by seeking a dark environment in a city of London ravaged by the Spanish flu around 1918. In conclusion, the game could have been better because it had all the potentiality due to strengths which I have mentioned, but which nevertheless satisfactorily outweigh some of its obvious limitations. It is a good game and I recommend those who like a good story and a good atmosphere. The best compliment I can do to the game is that it bears similarities to a good Tim Burton movie. Play it.
Rogue Bard	Recommended	33.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/RogueBard/	Vampyr is by no means a perfect game and I don't think it comes anywhere near being one, I especially found Act One just a bit awkward. But is it fun and am I enjoying my time with it? Yes, very much so. Though some of the voice actors for the smaller roles weren’t great, Anthony Howell (who voices the protagonist Jonathan Reid) really does an awe inspiring job at capturing all of the character’s unique traits. I find it hard to describe but he really nails the kind of gentleman-ly aspects of the character while also having this very dangerous undertone to him which just makes him a thrill to listen to, which is fortunate because there is a lot of dialogue in the game. If you’re like me and try to do all of the side-quests before progressing with the main quest it can get a bit tedious running from citizen to citizen trying to complete their objectives and all of their dialogue options, but Mr. Howell does such a get job giving life (or un-life) to this character that it really helps push through the slog and really makes him stand out. I honestly don’t think Jonathan would be as compelling as he is with a different voice actor.One of my biggest problems with the game however lies with the NPCs. Some are great, interesting and well written; others just kinda feel… there. Most citizens don’t feel particularly special, or at all interesting to me and listening to them drone on and on and on about their problems just made me want to drain them dry right there. For the most part their voice actors do admirable jobs, some just don’t hit it with me and make me just want to skip through what they’re saying (though that could be due to the fact that 90% of the characters in the game are super depressed.) And once when you’re done with an NPC they’re just kind of there, waiting for you to drain them. Though this could be due to the fact that I try to get through all of the side quests I can before progressing in the main quest so I finish with them earlier than I should.I’m also not a fan of the citizen hubs. Most NPCs are located in one ‘safe’ area, just standing around doing their own thing. I know this game takes place at night – and during the Spanish Flu – but I just wish there were more ‘friendly’ NPCs everywhere instead of having safe hubs. I know that the developers might not have had the necessary budget to add this/weren’t going for this and it would take away from the whole ‘developed NPC’ deal but I just feel it would add more life in the game to have more ambient people roaming around. I just wish there were more people in the game, even ambient, like Novigrad in Witcher 3. I love how alive that city felt and I think having Vampyr being more like that with fewer enemies would have really added to the Vampire feel it to it and made the game feel less action-y, less Dark Souls-like. I don’t quite know how to describe it, but I hope you know what I’m getting at. That being said – having safe districts does make handing in quests much easier since everybody in one district is located all in one zone, and I do love how the characters affect each district, you can plunge them into chaos by taking out the pillar of the community or just killing too many people, and by curing people and handing out medicine helps the community out. I also love that by curing people they also make it more rewarding (and tempting) to drink their blood. I actually love the fact that you can get more powerful by draining more people, but your actions affect the community, plunging it further into chaos by killing more people. I also love how you can postpone the consequences of your actions by not sleeping (i.e.: not leveling up) but it also means you don’t get to reap the rewards of your kill. It really adds to the temptation of blood. As a vampire Jonathan constantly feels the hunger, and how better to do that in a game than by giving a massive chunk of experience by draining civilians? I just wish there were more consequences for not drinking than being underleveled, since I find the combat just a tad bit easy.Though the combat can feel like a clunker (and easier) version of Dark Souls, it does – for the most part – do an excellent job at making you feel like a true vampire. Enemies have very telegraphed attacks and it can be easy to follow and avoid what they’re doing, even when fighting against multiple higher leveled enemies, and there’s enough variation between your foes that the game doesn’t become too tedious too quickly. That being said, if you get tired of fighting enemies you can out run most of them on the way from one citizen hub to the other.While the first couple of acts are a little rough, I did enjoy the game's story and how it progresses.As for the optimization, it runs fine for me. I don’t really pay attention to it, if it runs good that good enough for me, but so far so good. No major problems.As for bugs? Yeah there are a few, some quest bugs too, but not game breaking (that I’ve noticed anyways.)I wish I could have multiple saves going per play through so I can take back some of my decisions. That being said, it’s kind of nice going in blind and not knowing the consequences of my actions and knowing I can’t go back once I’ve major decision. On a final note: Good game but flawed. The price might be a bit steep for some, if I had the knowledge I do now I’d maybe wait for it to go down to $40 (CAD) or less. That being said I don’t regret buying this game and will (hopefully) continue to enjoy this game.
Green G'Noblin Shark	Recommended	20.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TheLordOfStorms/	It's not an action packed adventure. Vampyr is a slow, methodical RPG mostly centered around social interaction, with combat sprinkled on the side, though it remains frequent. Being a Vampire in Vampyr is a bit like what I imagine Bruce Wayne would deal with. On the surface, you play a responsible doctor, while secretly you just want to get your♥♥♥♥♥♥on. The game is not perfect by any means. The animations could use polishing, there are a few cases of stuttering, and the combat isn't anything to write home about. It is, however, engaging, provided you have the patience to get to know the 70 or so unique NPCs within the game. If you enjoy conversation/investigation heavy games like the Witcher, this shouldn't be too hard. If you're looking for a non stop vamp power fantasy, play Skyrim with the Better Vampires mod. Overall a solid game. 8/10.Update: It breaks my heart to have to do this, but I lower my previous score to a 7/10 for one crucial factor. For all its complexity regarding the personalities of NPCs, there is a simplicity that undermines the entire game. Getting a great/good/bad/worst ending is 100% tied to how many people you drain. Doesn't matter who, doesn't matter why. In a straight dishonored turn, body count is the only thing that influences the outcome of the game, and that's super disappointing. I tried to do my playthrough as a vigilante Vampire, only draining people who are deserving, but by killing even one I robbed myself of the best ending, and by killing 6 or more you end up with one of the bad endings. A true shame of an end to this RPG. Still worth a play in my opinion, and I truly hope there is a sequal or spiritual successor that rights the wrongs of these mechanics. I review remains positive because it's still a very solid game, it's just that the consequences are less intuitive than it may appear at first.
Varia Heimt	Recommended	2.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ladyheimt/	I like this game. I do.The graphics aren't the best, and the beginning is a little rushed together so you can get to the main story, but I'm fine with both of those things.The premise isn't overdone though, and the mechanics aren't just repainted versions of every other RPG on the planet; certain ones are dependent on...well, vampires! That's a good thing.Overall? I recommend this game.That said, the fighting is frustrating as♥♥♥♥♥♥sometimes (at least for me) I have no idea why there's even combat in this game—"blood doctor vampire in WWI era England trying to live his ♥♥♥♥ing life but also wanting so bad to save people" is an interesting premise to start with, street fights or no street fights.That said, I'm a♥♥♥♥♥♥for a decent vampire game and also for decent period pieces so.
Acedesu	Recommended	25.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198020720029/	This game makes you feel the vampire hunger like no other... you are constantly torn between the hunger for someones blood and letting them live because they are a human being. It really feels like you are fighting that hunger the whole time. It's great.
Horon	Recommended	13.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198045109571/	Pretty fun,7/10
King	Recommended	137.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198105511499/	OH BOY... THIS GAME...I was a bit skeptical about buying this game but BOY AM I GLAD THAT I DID. I was able to let lose my inner monster. To feed on the unsuspecting populus of London. To help people out when I felt like it, to drink then blood when I felt otherwise.  My GOD complex was fed to much by this game. AMAZING.TL;DRGood Game. Would Recommend. 8/10
RaneDear™	Recommended	21.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ranedear/	Great story line, mediocre combat system but overall i love this game 8/10.
Viadric	Recommended	14.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/theoldgods666/	The story is very good and deep. The combat could of been done alot better. The leveling system, such as experience gains from kills and quests could be higher.  I would wait for this to go on sale for 20-30 bucks.
Dr. Mantis Toboggan, MD	Recommended	27.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198017826955/	It's locked alright/10
lamb	Not Recommended	0.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/_lamb/	This game sucks. There movement is janky I refunded it.
StormyExtremeName	Recommended	11.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/thtguywitglasses/	This game is really solid. I have not really been wanting to play games recently. And thanks to this game, it has been revived, no pun intended. I highly suggest this game. A great story driven game with the perfect amount of free rein
win_detto	Recommended	32.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/win_detto/	Grate game. Rare modern single player gem, couple of rough spots can't shatter grate impression.+:* grate optimization (rare thing lately)* story that workd if you wish to follow it* good action rpg combat system, influenced by souls series but less punishing* no save/load, no save scumming* no difficulty select, play it as it was intended* NPC system that reminds you of Shadows of series with their orcs* music!* London setting is refreshing-:* story chooises did not had lots weight to them, none of them really made a difference* no death punishment, you respawn close to the place you where and can just carry on* weapons are not too different* not a lot of enemies/bosses variety
Bedlam	Recommended	27.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SlouchingBedlam/	Despite the theme’s presence in literature, television, and movies, video games are in wont of vampire stories. Because of this, I waited with some fair bit of expectation for Vampyr. I was, and still technically am, unfamiliar with Dontnod as a development studio, but I did have high hopes for this game — hopes that the game failed to meet, let alone exceed; but the game does, with some cut corners and plenty of gaps, fill a hole that has been left by its predecessor, Vampire the Masquerade - Bloodline.Vampyr is a narrative driven action RPG focused around the story of Jonathan Reed, a doctor turned vampire, and his role in ending England’s Spanish Flu epidemic. It has a heavy focus on character interaction and conflict, but unfortunately this comes at the expense of nearly everything else in the game. Combat, in particular, is where the game feels weakest. Combat is not good, nor bad, and sits squarely in the functional territory, reminding me at times of The Witcher 1’s combat, where it’s serviceable but can be what turns off many players from completing the game. Another failing of the game, in my opinion, is exploration. At first impression, navigating around London isn’t so bad, with the player being able to open up short cuts to other parts of the city, which allows for quicker travel between the handful of districts the story takes place in. The flaw in design presents itself toward the middle of the game, where you start being tasked with exploring large objective lakes, predetermined areas the player must inspect every nook and cranny of, often having to backtrack through the alleys and streets of the district, because in London the gates are locked and there’s nothing for it but to turn around and hope the next way to the objective won’t be blocked by another locked gate or rickety looking barricade. Likewise, here is where gameplay started feeling tacked on, showing just where they had to cut corners. The main quest further devolves into investigation objectives, ‘go here and find this character’, ‘look for this barely visible letter, obscured further because you didn’t turn off [V]ampire senses’, and combat transitions into rote exercises, becoming a chore that violates the cardinal rule of video games — for me, at any rate — which is, don’t bore the player.With an unsatisfying, if functional, combat system, Vampyr needed less, not more, combat. And it needed more reward for pursuing the game’s focus; it needed to feel compelling and rewarding to speak to and get to know the cast, and there needed to be more interaction and consequences with the them. Getting to know the people of London should not have been relegated to a potential EXP yield. Those were the things that I found most disappointing with Vampyr. Excusing some shaky writing and dialog, and a small amount of anachronisms, Vampyr’s story was intriguing and refreshing, if predictable by the end. The soundtrack, too, was great, with a discordant tone that, most notably in the intro, really played well with the theme and setting of the game.Vampr may be disappointing in places, and it may never quite exceed the player’s expectations, but its a solid AA title that could sit proudly next to something like Hellblade: Senua’s Sacrifice. Despite its flaws, Vampyr is a game that I can recommend playing.
Hellojjko	Recommended	22.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198085769240/	剧情代入感极强，支线任务也很有趣，需要自己去发掘。最喜欢的一点是，你的行为会对居民和地区造成影响。可以选择当个好人，或者是彻底沉沦
TheFungMeister	Recommended	26.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198106055136/	I only have one question after playing this game.  Why are there werewolves in the game and why are all the characters so casual about it?! They are barely mentioned at all while everyone freaks out about the vampires. It makes no sense! LOL  
jds68060	Recommended	52.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197983082739/	Despite the wicked learning curve in later parts of the game, I absolutely LOVED this one.  Want to get the good ending?  Prepare to suffer and adapt.  The characters are believable, the action is intense, and the choices you make ARE impactful.  There are tons of skill combinations that may (or may not) work for your play style: why not take the time to learn them?  If you ran out of patience, you just weren't playing smart, or expected a quick win with little effort.  The story is worth it, and the experience was most memorable.  Learn about the inhabitants of London and you just might be drawn into the awesome setting.  Another big win for DontNod.
Ratafia	Recommended	47.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/themanwiththegoldengun/	The biggest strength of this game is the story, and the effect you can have on it. As a vampire, you can choose to kill and drain NPCs to make yourself stronger, and this has a direct impact on how the game plays out. The combat is decent, and fairly hard if you decide to not kill any civilians. The graphics are very good, and it runs fairly well in 4k on a 1070. If you enjoy RPGs with a bit of mystery to them, vampires, and WWI era England, you'll likely enjoy this game a lot.
Big Sloppy Balls	Recommended	29.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198373687638/	Pros-Really good story.-Every npc is unique.-The combat is fun, but near the end it started to get boring.-The Music, like oh my ♥♥♥♥ing god, this probably has the best game soundtrack. -Immersive as hell-Really good voice acting-Good GraphicsCons-Limited enemy variety-Last 2 chapters felt very rushed-Facial animation could have been a lot better-Most of the bosses were just normal enemies with slightly more health (although the ones that were unique were ♥♥♥♥ing cool. Some bosses even gave me Bloodborne vibes.)-The medicine system is fun at first but gets really annoying near the end.All in all i'd give this game a 8/10. Definetely my 2nd favorite game of the year.
Anybody owns Wii U?	Recommended	36.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197995479709/	Рекомендую!!Игра ни разу не шедевр, но она уникальна и крайне атмосферна!I recommend this game.It is in no way a masterpiece but it's unique and has a wonderful atmosphere!!
bryberte	Recommended	113.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198039000128/	I found Vampyr to be very engaging and easy to get into. The combat was smooth and easy to master,  though there was not enough challenge, as it is pretty easy to defeat enemies up to 8 levels higher then you. Still there was some risk in combat as long as you were not eating every citizen in sight. I did fall in combat at least once in each play through.The story was interesting, and it was something I wanted to play through and see to the end. I did find that the choices the game prized itself on were a bit more restricted then I would like. For example, it would have been nice if you could end the game with a pillar in each district being one of your sired vampires. Perhaps it would also not need to be the original pillar of that district either.All in all I got the game to 100% completion with 3 play throughs and about a hundred hours of playtime. I could have done it faster, but I found myself enjoying the game enough even on the third run to not rush through to the end.Basically the only complaint was that for a "choices matter" game, I felt I was pretty tied into what path I had to walk, and the only way in which my choices matterd was to determine the difficulty of combat. Also, it was anoying that the game is pretty much over by the time you can add fire or chemical damage to your weapons, leaving those options pretty useless. 
paipai	Recommended	31.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198068694941/	+ Grim atomosphere+ romantic language/broody af+ captures styles of clothing and speech + sick♥♥♥♥♥vampire powers+ side quests have 2 different outcomes normally+ if u be a good boi u get a gud ending- fights can become tedious- u get punished for being a gud boi- not long enough- there isnt a sequel rn- some important hints can get glossed over without you realising- more dialogue trees plz10/10 gud game for gud boi
Escoria	Not Recommended	28.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197986091348/	Had to delete my playing because of a bug I was carrying from the begining, no way to go further because of it...The game is nice but after a while just repetitive and plenty of bugs :(
Stennija għal miraklu	Recommended	19.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/wonder-haddiems/	masterpiece
Hookfist	Recommended	13.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/electricwindhookfist/	This game is not for everyone. Talking is majority of this games focus and the combat feels jank and can get really repetitive quickly. Choices are a big part of this game for the most part save for a select few scenes; I've second guessed alot of my decisions throughout my first playthrough. I had alot of fun with this game dispite its flaws but if you dont enjoy a heavy narrative there isnt too much of a reason to pick this up unless you really like vampires. Music is really ♥♥♥♥ing good though. *Cello Intensifies*
Thanos ShoeLace	Recommended	8.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/acecraze/	After about 15 hous(around 7 hours spent offline cause internet was down), and eating many rats and killing multiple skals and guards of Priwen later, I verdict that the game though on its limited budget is rather well done. The atmosphere, lighting, and the ambient music reflects the complete mood of 18th Century London and it is ridiculous how life like every setting feels. The characters are rather interesting and the way everything in their lives play out and affect the setting of London is rather excruciating to behold. The voice acting is strangely accurate, though i have no idea how but it just feels right. I have also taken a bit of fancy on Miss Ashbury, it is not every day you find a hot goth immortal just roaming around.I have not yet finished the game, and I am not a big fan of the semi-open world setting, but somehow it has tons of exploration available, so it works I guess. Now, apart from the random jumpscares from the skals(I ame easily scared), the only other two things I have complaints about is the combat. It's so subpar compared how the rest of the game is, it seems straight up bad and can be a turning point in many people's liking of the game. Of course it is more story driven but yeah, I feel it is just inexcusable. The other thing is sometimes the textures and lighting feel off, now I am not aware if my GPU is acting up and causing this but especially during cutscenes I have noticed the edges of characters not blending or rendering properly. All said, it is a decent game and really fun and it reminds us what vampires really are- scary. ♥♥♥♥ that Twilight ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. 8/10 would play again.
ilaysh	Recommended	16.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ilaysh/	I just ended the game and its one of my favorite gamesthe only problem is that when u end the game u cant continue playing with what u got in the save.
Jakestation	Recommended	21.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197974132376/	If you are into dark souls like game, this is not what you are looking for.This is storybased game with lots of dialog and talking. I spend first 5 hours talking to people and 15 minutes in combat.After 11 hours i've spend maybe a little over hour in combat and rest talking/running.I like a lot how everything interacts with each other. I have yet to kill a single NPC. Urge is big thou :)
Skeletor	Recommended	3.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Skeletorexplains/	Please note i am still in the middle of playing and enjoying the game, but i've noticed some gripes. I love the idea and concept of the game so far, but if you can ignore these issues i have noticed you'll be fine.Cinematics - Having cinematics that are just "Image flashes" more or less is just lazy deving. I have no idea what kept them from making full cinematics for most of the scenes other than cutting corners.Mouths - Sometimes they don't even move. Which is weird.No Quick loading saves? - I mean i would like to be able to load from a previous quicksave in case i ♥♥♥♥ up my choice.
Adramelech ox	Recommended	29.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197996278581/	this game is a master piece,the combat is responsive, the game puts you right in the mood with no bubbling aroundcontrols are smooth and comftrbule and the story and the setting is just stuning
Lordloss	Recommended	27.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198003917427/	Like most people on here, my main piece of advice is to play the game managing your expectations. Don’t expect the next Witcher 3 open-world, or the spiritual successor to Vampire: The Masquerade – Bloodlines. If you do, you’ll be disappointed. For me, Vampyr is the reflection of innovation that, on occasion, succeeds (and should be commended) but most of the time falls flat, a reminder of the game it could have become if given more time. DONTNOD should be given thumbs up for trying to shake and change the way AA games match and compete with AAA games in terms of gameplay and creativity. STORYYou play as Dr Jonathan Reid, a renowned physician who specialises in blood transfusions. On night, whilst on your way to visit your mother, you are attacked by a vampire and left for dead. You are mistakenly thought to have died of the Spanish flu and are hauled into a mass grave with the other plague victims. Some time after you reawaken as a vampire. So begins the story of the game. Overall, the game’s plot is linear. You have the option to make choices, but these don’t necessarily affect the story in any meaningful way (more on that later). However, with that being said, the main story – for the most part - is well done. DONTNOD really captures the desperation, the gloom & doom of 1918 London and really gets the vampiric/gothic tone nailed (partly due to great voice acting and soundtrack).  The story is split into seven key narrative arcs that deal with different aspects of the story. These are often self-contained, and require you to visit a specific district, but they have connections to the main plot. For me, 75-80% of the story is great; the last 20-25% seems a little rushed. I feel with more time, the developers could have really expanded the last quarter of the main plot to flesh out some of the choices you made earlier. Overall, I liked the main story.GAMEPLAY – THE SOCIAL WEB/ VAMPIRIC EMBRACEThe best thing I’ll remember about Vampyr is DONTNOD’s ‘social web’ and vampiric embrace mechanics. Other developers should take note and give praise to their attempt to really nail down the moral dilemmas of being a doctor-turned-vampire. Each of the district is inhabited by a disparate group of citizens – some of whom have relationships with each other. These citizens can be interacted with through dialogue (there’s a lot – and I mean a lot – of talking in this game). You can learn about their secrets, desires, fears and interests, all the while summing up whether they shall be your next – or only – meal. This is what DONTNOD does well. Because you do not earn much XP through finishing quests or through combat, the only way to evolve and become a stronger vampire is to feed on the blood of the citizens themselves. And the more you know about a citizen, the more potent their blood becomes (presumably because you have a stronger connection to that NPC). Players are presented with a moral choice that goes far beyond the standard buzz phrase ‘choice and consequence’ that most developers like to use. Do you kill the poor and sick teenage boy, who feels depressed and suicidal? Or do you kill the repulsive, racist landlord, who takes advantage of the epidemic by overcharging immigrant families. You can kill both, and more, or not at all. This allows you to roleplay, but your actions have consequences on the game world itself, but NOT the story. Let me explain this more.During my first playthrough, I only killed citizens who had no social relationships with other people, hoping that they wouldn’t be missed or remembered. But killing people who have key social relationships with each other in a district will impact the district itself and open new dialogue options for the citizens involved. Even key choices presented in the story – while not effecting the main narrative itself – effect the game world. At one point during the game you are presented with the option to kill someone, banish them, or let them carry on with their operation. Whatever the outcome, it does not affect the main story, but it does effect those closest to that person – to such an extent that one of their ‘social group’ ended up homeless because of the decision I had made. I found this out through speaking to them when travelling back to the district. GAMEPLAY – THE PLAGUE MECHANIC Citizens become sick over time due to the epidemic. And because you play a doctor, you are also presented with the opportunity to heal each of the district’s citizens. I can understand DONTNOD’S creative decision to include this, to balance the vampiric mechanics, but it is NOT implemented well. Simply put, it is not a fun mechanic. There’s no point healing the citizens beyond two main reasons: either you really want to maximise the blood potential of a certain citizen, so you can kill them; or to save the district from collapsing. But because citizens become sick over time, you are forced to rush between districts to keep healing citizens – this is not fun, and the weakness of the mechanic really shows during the later parts of the game. There could have been a smarter and less infuriating way of balancing this plague/heal mechanic. Moreover, because over 50% of the game is devoted to dialogue, it would have helped if there were visible signs that citizens got sick when speaking to them. Right now, as of the state of the game, apart from using your vampire senses to see how much blood is infected, on the exterior, the citizens go about their business as if they are particularly healthy. This made feel even less devoted to healing them.GAMEPLAY – COMBATAt first, I hated the combat in Vampyr. I thought it was clunky and boring. Yet, as I evolved (some) of my vampiric abilities – I refused to feed on the blood of citizens often – I soon discovered that the combat is quite deep. Do you focus on the amount of damage you inflict? Or do you focus on powers and playstyles that wear down an enemies’ stamina and guard over time, making it easier to bite them more often. There are a variety of weapons, but the game’s crafting and upgrade system is minimalist. EXPLORATIONThe game feels like a well-crafted environment that presents the illusion of an open world. I liked the environment design and despite some areas being smaller than others, the developers managed to include some areas for exploration off the beaten track. This is where the citizens side quests become important. For the most part, when you learn enough about a certain citizen, you are occasionally given a quest by them, which sees you going off and exploring a different area of the game. Some of these quests are good, but most are mediocre. Some see you hunt down lost relatives or have interesting backstories, whilst others are more traditional fetch and bring back types. Overall, I liked the fact that the citizens quests made you explore other areas of each district, but I wasn’t too keen on the quests themselves. And because the main story speeds up during the last quarter of the game, you soon lose interest in doing these small quests altogether, and I found there was a push to complete the game faster. Overall, I recommend this game. DONTNOD took risks. Some succeeded; others failed. The main story is competent and good for the most part; the social web and XP progression/vampiric moral dilemma mechanics work very well and are the standout feature of the game. More could have been done with the plague/healing mechanic and the last quarter of the main story could have been expanded. I feel the £45/ $60 price tag is too expensive right now. You should play this game but wait for a sale.  
samborine	Recommended	69.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/animalhusbandry/	A few reasons why I think this is worth buying:- great soundtrack utilized creatively- exp system emulates the need to feed in a tangible way- interesting characters with rich and intertwined backgrounds- actual consequences- combat feels fluid and fun, though can feel a little shallow after a while- extremely strong art direction- satisfying story length & replayability
Father Patrick	Recommended	31.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197991471006/	What are great game!It's very rare to come across such a well thought out game, from the sounds of the monsters to the voice acting, everything just compliments so well!Not even going to exaggerate when I say it's on par with Witcher in story.Forget everything you know and just dive into this story, it's like a vivid book comming to life or a theator that perform only for you.Small things matters in this game, as there previos game (Life is strange) and it's so interresting to see what will happen if you let people go or if you chose to devore thier life essence10/10 from me!
Clauricaune	Recommended	35.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198077192492/	Pros:—Social system makes the game unique. Getting to know the different NPCs, their secret stories and motivations, and how they relate to each other, is really engaging. The fact that you can choose whether to feed on them or not sets some cool moral decisions. WARNING, though: it's a very talky-talky game. About half of what you do here is converse with NPCs. Not for everybody, but if you're into this kind of thing, you will most likely enjoy it a lot.—Choices are permanent. You need to be careful. If you mess something up, there's no going back.—High replayability.—The environments and art direction are pretty cool, very gothish and also historically accurate.—Pretty good world design. You develop a nice sense of intimacy with the different districts, as you definitely get to know them quite a bit.—Great sound effects and voice acting. Nice music too.—Decent and enjoyable bosses and enemy fights. Not mind-blowing nor too creative, but good enough.—Very well-written story overall.Cons:—Visuals aren't great, look borderline PS3 at times. Thankfully, the art is quite good.—Combat is a bit clunky. Locking system sucks, so I simply decided not to use it. Also, due to the camera being slightly lower than it should be, it gets difficult to judge the right distance for striking a blow. Not a deal breaker for me, but it does make things annoying at times.—While the skill system has some depth to it, it lacks anything remarkable. Your vampire abilities, as the combat itself, are simply ok. —Occasional frame drops and 1-4 second freezes.A bit more budget and a bit more experience and refinement from the devs, and this would have been an absolute home-run. But it's still a very satisfying game, flaws and all.
Verde	Recommended	12.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/d2kaixa/	Currently working through thisFacial animations (or lack of) remind me of AndromedaCombat is wonky; dodge move gets stuck on walls and corners. "Boss" characters are health spongesSome grunt enemy attacks have homing and will follow you through your dodgeDramatic cutsecenes ruined by clothing spazzing out and clippingPC controls are bad, use a gamepad otherwise you won't be able to change your locked-on targetGameplay mechanics badly explained (stealth, increasing mesmerise, stalking characters for tidbits of information) 
Bubba Zanetti	Recommended	22.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198029883048/	Not Bad , but was expecting lot more ... like vampire blood masquerade, maybe it is me , getting old 
Viadric	Recommended	14.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/theoldgods666/	The story is very good and deep. The combat could of been done alot better. The leveling system, such as experience gains from kills and quests could be higher.  I would wait for this to go on sale for 20-30 bucks.
Dr. Mantis Toboggan, MD	Recommended	27.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198017826955/	It's locked alright/10
lamb	Not Recommended	0.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/_lamb/	This game sucks. There movement is janky I refunded it.
NickaBoy99	Recommended	22.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198273723407/	fantastic, brand new concept, not a single complaint, im praying for a sequal
ilaysh	Recommended	16.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ilaysh/	I just ended the game and its one of my favorite gamesthe only problem is that when u end the game u cant continue playing with what u got in the save.
Jakestation	Recommended	21.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197974132376/	If you are into dark souls like game, this is not what you are looking for.This is storybased game with lots of dialog and talking. I spend first 5 hours talking to people and 15 minutes in combat.After 11 hours i've spend maybe a little over hour in combat and rest talking/running.I like a lot how everything interacts with each other. I have yet to kill a single NPC. Urge is big thou :)
Skeletor	Recommended	3.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Skeletorexplains/	Please note i am still in the middle of playing and enjoying the game, but i've noticed some gripes. I love the idea and concept of the game so far, but if you can ignore these issues i have noticed you'll be fine.Cinematics - Having cinematics that are just "Image flashes" more or less is just lazy deving. I have no idea what kept them from making full cinematics for most of the scenes other than cutting corners.Mouths - Sometimes they don't even move. Which is weird.No Quick loading saves? - I mean i would like to be able to load from a previous quicksave in case i ♥♥♥♥ up my choice.
Adramelech ox	Recommended	29.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197996278581/	this game is a master piece,the combat is responsive, the game puts you right in the mood with no bubbling aroundcontrols are smooth and comftrbule and the story and the setting is just stuning
Lordloss	Recommended	27.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198003917427/	Like most people on here, my main piece of advice is to play the game managing your expectations. Don’t expect the next Witcher 3 open-world, or the spiritual successor to Vampire: The Masquerade – Bloodlines. If you do, you’ll be disappointed. For me, Vampyr is the reflection of innovation that, on occasion, succeeds (and should be commended) but most of the time falls flat, a reminder of the game it could have become if given more time. DONTNOD should be given thumbs up for trying to shake and change the way AA games match and compete with AAA games in terms of gameplay and creativity. STORYYou play as Dr Jonathan Reid, a renowned physician who specialises in blood transfusions. On night, whilst on your way to visit your mother, you are attacked by a vampire and left for dead. You are mistakenly thought to have died of the Spanish flu and are hauled into a mass grave with the other plague victims. Some time after you reawaken as a vampire. So begins the story of the game. Overall, the game’s plot is linear. You have the option to make choices, but these don’t necessarily affect the story in any meaningful way (more on that later). However, with that being said, the main story – for the most part - is well done. DONTNOD really captures the desperation, the gloom & doom of 1918 London and really gets the vampiric/gothic tone nailed (partly due to great voice acting and soundtrack).  The story is split into seven key narrative arcs that deal with different aspects of the story. These are often self-contained, and require you to visit a specific district, but they have connections to the main plot. For me, 75-80% of the story is great; the last 20-25% seems a little rushed. I feel with more time, the developers could have really expanded the last quarter of the main plot to flesh out some of the choices you made earlier. Overall, I liked the main story.GAMEPLAY – THE SOCIAL WEB/ VAMPIRIC EMBRACEThe best thing I’ll remember about Vampyr is DONTNOD’s ‘social web’ and vampiric embrace mechanics. Other developers should take note and give praise to their attempt to really nail down the moral dilemmas of being a doctor-turned-vampire. Each of the district is inhabited by a disparate group of citizens – some of whom have relationships with each other. These citizens can be interacted with through dialogue (there’s a lot – and I mean a lot – of talking in this game). You can learn about their secrets, desires, fears and interests, all the while summing up whether they shall be your next – or only – meal. This is what DONTNOD does well. Because you do not earn much XP through finishing quests or through combat, the only way to evolve and become a stronger vampire is to feed on the blood of the citizens themselves. And the more you know about a citizen, the more potent their blood becomes (presumably because you have a stronger connection to that NPC). Players are presented with a moral choice that goes far beyond the standard buzz phrase ‘choice and consequence’ that most developers like to use. Do you kill the poor and sick teenage boy, who feels depressed and suicidal? Or do you kill the repulsive, racist landlord, who takes advantage of the epidemic by overcharging immigrant families. You can kill both, and more, or not at all. This allows you to roleplay, but your actions have consequences on the game world itself, but NOT the story. Let me explain this more.During my first playthrough, I only killed citizens who had no social relationships with other people, hoping that they wouldn’t be missed or remembered. But killing people who have key social relationships with each other in a district will impact the district itself and open new dialogue options for the citizens involved. Even key choices presented in the story – while not effecting the main narrative itself – effect the game world. At one point during the game you are presented with the option to kill someone, banish them, or let them carry on with their operation. Whatever the outcome, it does not affect the main story, but it does effect those closest to that person – to such an extent that one of their ‘social group’ ended up homeless because of the decision I had made. I found this out through speaking to them when travelling back to the district. GAMEPLAY – THE PLAGUE MECHANIC Citizens become sick over time due to the epidemic. And because you play a doctor, you are also presented with the opportunity to heal each of the district’s citizens. I can understand DONTNOD’S creative decision to include this, to balance the vampiric mechanics, but it is NOT implemented well. Simply put, it is not a fun mechanic. There’s no point healing the citizens beyond two main reasons: either you really want to maximise the blood potential of a certain citizen, so you can kill them; or to save the district from collapsing. But because citizens become sick over time, you are forced to rush between districts to keep healing citizens – this is not fun, and the weakness of the mechanic really shows during the later parts of the game. There could have been a smarter and less infuriating way of balancing this plague/heal mechanic. Moreover, because over 50% of the game is devoted to dialogue, it would have helped if there were visible signs that citizens got sick when speaking to them. Right now, as of the state of the game, apart from using your vampire senses to see how much blood is infected, on the exterior, the citizens go about their business as if they are particularly healthy. This made feel even less devoted to healing them.GAMEPLAY – COMBATAt first, I hated the combat in Vampyr. I thought it was clunky and boring. Yet, as I evolved (some) of my vampiric abilities – I refused to feed on the blood of citizens often – I soon discovered that the combat is quite deep. Do you focus on the amount of damage you inflict? Or do you focus on powers and playstyles that wear down an enemies’ stamina and guard over time, making it easier to bite them more often. There are a variety of weapons, but the game’s crafting and upgrade system is minimalist. EXPLORATIONThe game feels like a well-crafted environment that presents the illusion of an open world. I liked the environment design and despite some areas being smaller than others, the developers managed to include some areas for exploration off the beaten track. This is where the citizens side quests become important. For the most part, when you learn enough about a certain citizen, you are occasionally given a quest by them, which sees you going off and exploring a different area of the game. Some of these quests are good, but most are mediocre. Some see you hunt down lost relatives or have interesting backstories, whilst others are more traditional fetch and bring back types. Overall, I liked the fact that the citizens quests made you explore other areas of each district, but I wasn’t too keen on the quests themselves. And because the main story speeds up during the last quarter of the game, you soon lose interest in doing these small quests altogether, and I found there was a push to complete the game faster. Overall, I recommend this game. DONTNOD took risks. Some succeeded; others failed. The main story is competent and good for the most part; the social web and XP progression/vampiric moral dilemma mechanics work very well and are the standout feature of the game. More could have been done with the plague/healing mechanic and the last quarter of the main story could have been expanded. I feel the £45/ $60 price tag is too expensive right now. You should play this game but wait for a sale.  
samborine	Recommended	69.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/animalhusbandry/	A few reasons why I think this is worth buying:- great soundtrack utilized creatively- exp system emulates the need to feed in a tangible way- interesting characters with rich and intertwined backgrounds- actual consequences- combat feels fluid and fun, though can feel a little shallow after a while- extremely strong art direction- satisfying story length & replayability
odoniel	Recommended	33.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/odoniel/	first: yes the game has flaws. here is the negative:1. it is clearly not optimized at all. load times of several minutes are standard (on a highend system with nvme ssd - so this is a software issue)2. no option to save? little hint there: the 90s are over guys ...3. the dialogues are sometimes unintuitive4. sometimes you are boxed in without a choice. that is normal for these games but it should not show. here it (in some cases) does, which is annoying.5. some major effects are caused by minute dialogue choices and there is no indication at all you are ♥♥♥♥ing up your gameespecially the first two points need to be addressed as they would somewhat counteract the other two critizisms. if you can go back and change a wrong choice that would mitigate a throwaway comment ruining your game.do I still recommend the game? yes, because:1. the story is actually very nice and full of atmosphere2. the voice acting is good, especially for a small studio3. while there is no fast travel i enjoyed finding all the little short cuts you can open up4. the music is very strange and nothing you would listen to on it's own but it fits the theme like a glove5. none of the flaws are game breaking (though the long loading times and no save/reload options are very VERY annoying)
DraeMoney	Recommended	27.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/draemoney/	If you say it's difficult, you suck, and I don't like dark souls.If you expected things the developer didn't say were here, that's your fault.If you expected vampire the masquerade bloodlines, go play vampire the masquerade bloodlines.Vampyr is Vampyr, it is good for what it is and I enjoyed my 20hr playthrough of it very much.There is no continuing saves after the ending, maybe wait until this game is $39.99 or $29.99.I don't do reviews but this game got review bombed out of the gate.
DonkeyWorld	Not Recommended	10.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/realmravatar/	Vampyr's dialogue is well written, but largely matters very little unless you want to nom people.Vampyr's choices are interesting, but save for key story moments matter not at all.Vampyr's combat is fun at times, but is filled with way too much filler.Vampyr's rendition of London is well crafted, but gets tiring traversing halfway through the game.Vampyr's dialogue options feel personal, but Jonathan's personality is etched in stone and largely diminishes them.Vampyr is not a bad game, but it ultimately disappoints.A lot of time is spent talking to people to learn clues about them. Other than a few major story characters, the only reason to gather these clues is to increase the XP for eating them. Eating them is discouraged as it leads to bad endings. The game feels like it's fighting itself. I understand there's supposed to be a moral quandry here, but because most characters don't integrate with the story you only learn about them if you go out of your way. And the only reason to go out of your way is to eat them.Traveling in the game gets pretty tedious. Walks start getting longer, and it's not always obvious how to navigate the corridors (despite the fact you can essentially fly, you can only use it in very limited areas). What's worse is the game is filled with repetitive battles to slog through. The combat in the game is enjoyable against bosses, special encounters, and the first half dozen times you fight an enemy grouping. The story is good, and the dialogue is fine. The problem is the game offers these choices but is progresses in an extremely linear fashion so most choices feel like they don't matter.  And when they do matter, there's clearly a good (doesn't lower district health) or bad option (does lower district health). If you lower the district health, you have to go around healing people with items you'll either need to waste time gathering or waste time buying from merchants. It's not a particularly interesting decision, but it's something you need to do for the better endings and world states. The protagonist acts the same way no matter how you play, further reinforcing dissonance between the game you're trying to play and the one that's unfolding before you.DONTNOD did some good with Vampyr, but this is far from the experience I was hoping for.
soberlrishman	Recommended	41.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/harbissr/	A great AA game but has much untapped potential. This is not a Blood Souls style game. I'd say it's about 60% dialogue, 20% exploration, and 20% combat. Average gameplay is around 30 hours so that comes to about 18 hours of talking with NPCs. It has a deep, single-player driven story that encourages you to empathize with the characters.Pros:-Immersive world-Difficulty is based on how many NPCs you're willing to kill, the more you kill, the more EXP you'll get and the higher level you'll be. Kill fewer NPCs and you'll find that enemies will begin to outpace you.-Getting EXP from NPCs can be boosted by discovering more information about them, which might your decision to kill them or not-Incredible soundtrack, complements the eerie epidemic struck London streets-For the budget, this game has good graphics. Not 2018 AAA quality, maybe around 2013/14 quality-With a few exceptions, great voice acting-Exploration is encouraged with game lore hidden throughoutCons:-Decisions don't affect the main story much-The combat system doesn't work well, the auto-target doesn't like to change between enemies, multiple enemies can gang up and keep you in stun lock, and the camera doesn't cooperate all the time-I enjoyed the combat style more as I played it, but it got repetive about halfway through the game-There are some bugs, I know a couple people got locked out of some main mission things because they did too much side mission exploration-No incentive to learn more about characters that you don't plan to kill for the EXP-The ending felt rushed, any confusion or questions are just swept off to the sideOverall, I thought this was a fun game. I'd recommend it to anyone looking for a vampire game with rich story elements. I hope this game gets a sequel but with a larger budget and some lessons learned.
KnightofPhoenix	Recommended	62.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/KnightofPhoenix/	I waited to finish the game to be able to provide a comprehensive review of the game and after 36 hours I feel like I can write a review that will hopefully be informative to whoever is interested in the game.Short summary: the game, though not flawless, is very good overall and made several daring attempts to modify the (a)RPG formula.   It is not for everybody, but whoever is interested in a strong narrative and atmospheric experience exploring the horror and mythos of vampirism, supported by a good but not very deep combat system, would have a blast.  8.5/10I. Story:Given that it's a story driven game, I should start with what is imo the most important.  The story overall is very good, with great pacing in general (some exceptions here and there), great NPCs, a very well written main character, and an intriguing plot that keeps you engaged and eager to learn more.a. Main plot and atmosphere:The main plot may not be the most revolutionary or creative vampire plot ever (even the devs recognize the inspiration they had from various vampire stories), but it was executed well enough to keep you hooked and engaged.  Some events or characters could have used a bit more "screen time"to be more thoroughly explored but overall there was nothing crucial that was missing.  The pacing was well done and the hype and build up leading to the final confrontation was well executed. It is a self-contained and independent story that while would be expanded by further DLC/sequels (hopefully), is capable of standing on its own two feet.  And it is supported by masterful ambience and atmosphere with a phenomenal OST that on several occasions just made a scene single handedly (tracks like The Thirst enriched the game and its vampiric theme beautifully).A quick disclaimer: I have read some accusations that the game is too morally penalizing, in that you get a bad ending by killing a few people.  That is untrue – I killed 3 people and still got the 2nd best ending (the best requires no kills).  I am still not 100% sure how the ending is calculated but I believe more emphasis is placed on key decisions with each district pillar.  Overall, I found it an interesting tale but it served more, imo, as a backtrop to the 2 pillars or backbone of the Vampyr experience as I see it: Jonothan Reid himself and the NPCsb. Jonathan Reid:I honestly found Jonathan to be one of the most likeable and well written protagonists that I've played – mind you I played a mostly "good"playthrough so my Jonathan was a very sympathetic tortured figure.  Looking at scenes with an "evil" Jonathan reveals a much darker and terrifying character consummed by malevolence and bitterness – how we can roleplay Jonathan may be limited in width but it seems to still have quite a bit of depth.The premise of Jonathan, a vampire doctor sworn to a hippocratic oath is in and ofitself a fascinating premise that the game pulled off wonderfully.  Throughout the game my Jonathan showed relunctance, fear and even shame to embrace the creature he has become.  The conflict he experience was masterfully shown in both implict and explicit ways as well as his undeniable thirst for blood. This conflict is very well interwoven with the gameplay via the exp system and NPCs.c. NPCs:The game has by far some of the most interesting, lively and "real" NPCs in any RPG I've ever played.  They truly feel like actual people as opposed to simple merchants / quest givers / decoration. There are 60 NPCs in the game, divided into 4 districts, and each and every single one of them has their own story as well as dynamics they have with some other NPCs in their "social circle."  Each one is very well written and is quite interesting.  You see a mix of classes, races, genders, sexualty, political views and mental disorders, serving as a microcosm of the time – showing us social and political issues that are very much "esprit du temps" (zeitgeist or showing the spirit of the time). Jonathan interacts with these NPCs through healing them of ailments should they suffer any as well as discovering "hints" about them by finding items, spying on them or talking to them (or other people in their social circle).  The more hints you uncover the more you learn about said NPC, the more dialogue options you have with them, but also more pignantly the more exp they provide if you elect to feed on them.  In fact feeding on these people is the best way to get EXP.This is quite ingenious for it forces a dilemma: do I feed on the innocent to grow stronger or do I abstain and impose a big handicap on myself?Another layer of the dilemma is also forced, since learning more about each character would most of the time make it even harder to kill them now you understand why they do what they do.  Alternatively a person you never though you could harm turns out to have dark secrets that all of a sudden makes them more tempting targets.d. Choices and consequences:The game much like other RPGs puts you in multiple situations where a "critical" decision must be made, several of which were actually interesting dilemma.  The consequences for your major decisions is reflected in the health of each district, potentially resulting in a complete collapse if you pick one choice over another.  Some sidequests also give you some choices but they are not anything major.The more interesting choices & consequences mechanic revolves around the NPCs themselves.  Unlike other RPGs, simply knowing about a situation that is going on does not magically allow you to fix it.  The only potential solution you have is killing one to save another. The game presents several interesting and disturbing situations where killing becomes a tempting solution.  For example, one situation had a mother taking care of a very enraged and disturbed son who is a serial killer – he suffers from lack of empaty and inability to control his rage but genuinely adores his mother while she covers for his crimes because she loves him equally.  At the same time the mother has grown attached to an orphan boy and is taking care of him, causing great jealously and anger from her son (who knows that he is a big burden to his mother and hates himself for it).  The situation is such that it is very likely that the son will at some point lose it and kill the oprhan boy.  What do you do?You can kill the son and while this will be painful for the mother, she fully adopts the boy and realizes that her son's mysterious murder might have been for the best (what I did, not sure what happens if you kill someone else in this situation).This is the kind of choices and consequences offered by the game and it is a very refreshing and daring departure from the traditional formula.II. GameplayOverall I found it quite fun, with a good combat system and cool, if limited, powers and weapons to play with. As mentionned earlier, EXP is mostly gained through feeding on NPCs – you get measley EXP from combat and respectable amounts when healing people, discovering hints and doing main and side quests however this is dwarfed by feeding on even one NPC most of the time.  Gaining EXP allows you to evolve and gain new powers or improve existing ones.  Given the scarcity of EXP and the limit of ability slots and hotkeys, it is preferrable to create a build and pick complementary powers that you evolve in depth rather than pick many abilities that you can't upgrade or use most of the time.  The combat is nothing complex but it was fun enough to sustain the real meat of the game (story) as far as  I am concerned.One negative is that there is a lot of backtracking, so the game would have benefited by some form of fast travel (albeit limited in some fashion).Overall the gameplay was quite a bit of fun but it is punishing to those who don't want to kill NPCs and will be inacessible to those who like to play "story mode" sadly given the difficulty.
Anal Fissure Master	Recommended	14.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198045801951/	Great vampire Rpg game for the casual gamers who are into L.A Noire dialogue and investigation but also want the action fighting of assassins creed with a Very interesting vampire storyline with many decisions. I honestly don't see why people are hating on the game if you watched videos before release you'd know what you're getting and i'm very much enjoying the game only thing that can be triggering is the combat at times but you get used to it.
Goldeneye	Recommended	30.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/gold3n3y3/	Product received for free
Darthgizka	Recommended	30.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/darthgizka/	Game's good, exactly what I expected it to be.Combat is fun, but rather unbalanced and very dependent on the player's level. I personally don't like that in an ARPG, prefer player skill to have a larger role.Also, on the negative side, the game's vampire lore makes no sense. If you don't like using suspension of disbelief too heavily, this game might irritate you.Otherwise, it's good.
Ferrous	Recommended	50.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198041300903/	I mean in what other game do you get to play as a vampire doctor in london during WWI? And why wouldn't you want to play as a vampire doctor in london during WWI?Though I guess my tastes has gotten rather specific...
Lord Bo	Recommended	21.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/exetic/	Absolutely amazing game.9/10 from me.Graphics are pretty good and fits the whole era very well, the story is really good and the game is well optimised. I don't often praise single player games, but this one is just too good not to give a good review.
Sl4t3	Recommended	53.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/arctaris/	It's a nice game, but could use some improvements and polishing. To give you some examples: The animations (facial) could be better. Since this game include lots of dialogue, and therefor the person you talk to is in your focus for the whole conversation, i should be able to read their faces a little bit better than it is possible atm. They got some emotional display, but most of the time they are "1000 yard staring" at you.The combat feels a little clumsy or at least a lot less fluid than i'd hoped it would be with mouse/keyboard, at least imho. It got a little bit better when i used a controller but still. Also it lacks an actual challenge. Hit it 2-3 times, dodge, stun, drink, rinse and repeat. Enemies could use a bit more variety in their combat behaviour, maybe counters or something else, items like traps or something that slows you or i don't know.Same goes for the camera. Still have to test if i can tune the mouse acceleration down somehow, but at the moment it is very hard if you want to look to the side or slightly behind you because the camera will snap around kinda quick which is disorienting and also makes the combat less enjoyable since it also influences movement. If you run forward a poster and press "read/use" while still moving, your character will continue his forward motion if you close the poster/book in question, requiring input from you to stop. More fun than annoying but still....Running around a lifeless city or the lifeless half-open world in general is not as enjoyable as it could be. I know there is a curfew and the spanish flu, but it feels more lifeless than even tha facial expressions of some characters. The teleport feature got so much more potential that was wasted. Since there are no real alternative routes or rooftops which you could use it is mainly a tool for maybe skipping 2 or 3 enemies or getting to a balcony into a hideout. This could have been so great it it was aimable like in "Dishonored". The possibilities combined with maybe a bigger or more full world with more alternate ways or at least rooftops that could be used for faster travel or more exploration. I know the studio is not as big as some others but i still was hoping for an "Assassins creed" with vampires like thing, in regards to movement.I would've been happy if my actions would have had a little more impact other than turning a district into a disease-ridden, more hostile environment with more enemies of the same sort that i already encountered there. (if you choose to heal, it also rarely impacts anything on a greater scale. The person is thankful, maybe their closest friend who saw it likes you a bit more, but thats it, you don't get good reputation with the rest of the NPCs). It is an impact, yes, but apart from some quests not being available and the npc simply vanishing when you embrace them (was disappointed there...embracing usually is the act of transforming them in other games, here it moreless only means "feed" or "suck 'em dry"), nothing really changes. I can have the same effect in, lets say Skyrim, when i murder a whole town. Would've wished for maybe more hunters or maybe other NPCs getting wary of you, but no. May be not so important for others, but for me it is. Also: At the few events i encountered where you think your choice makes a difference  for example the operation where you wanna nibble a bit  it usually plays out exactly the same without any real consequences regarding the rest of the game. That's not what i would call "reap what you sow" or "consequences matter"All in all i can still recommend it. It's a AAA price and you get an AAA game, with all the usual flaws that are associated with that label in modern times. It is still fun and kills the time, but i was expecting more. But alas, not all hope is lost, maybe they will improve upon what is there already and make it a little better. It's a 6 or a 7 out of 10 at the current state, a nice but not overwhelmingly good experience.Tl,dr: I expected a pearl of a game, but got an "it's okay" experience instead, like with nearly any modern game that promised much, teases more and in the end fails to uphold. Still an alright game.
Jarib Halabi	Recommended	36.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198047219860/	this game is fine but the combat system is so ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, still fun though but its also ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. You cannot even guard or block the incoming attack and your stamina is so low which makes you super weak during the beginning of the game.
Crybird	Recommended	12.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/draculgaming/	So i play this game for 12 Hours non-stop and i finish the game and got myself one of the good ending, yeay!Anyway do i think this game is amazing ?Surely it is a great game with really great story, it's really hit my feeling, well occasionally you will meet some stupid characters, but i really love the character especially Lady E and Sir Will.The gameplay is pretty unique, it's either became a dark hero who slaughter your way to save the day or just became a hero who save everyone but weak as ♥♥♥♥ (or just become a monster)What i don't like about the game ?Well like everyone else it's the combat, but hey it's not like i'm trying to say the combat is bad it's till enjoyable because there's many unique attack pattern from all your enemysDo i recommend this game ?It's a big YES from me, in fact i will play it again to get all the endings!
Dude with name	Recommended	14.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Laredo956/	Is gud
rearn_13	Recommended	20.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198066213862/	This game has a really immersive storyline and district health aspects, with the vampire abilities, overall a great game so far!
LegendarySuperFeel	Recommended	12.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198035050460/	Honestly, I think this game is one of the lesser known gems of this year. I really like the diversity in this game, so many different ways to play. The biggest flaw imo is combat, this game has pretty clunky combat. You get completely trashed in mob fights and most bosses have mobs.I wish there was a way to get EXP easier instead of killing people, when you obtain a massive amount of EXP and start leveling the game gets easier to play, but at other times I hate having to resort to this option because EXP is hard to get.I really love the music in this game and the dialouge, I have spent such a massive amount of time just talking to people.
Pharaoh	Recommended	36.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/nutrynion/	Remember those books you'd read called "Choose your own adventure"? This game is a lot like that. There is a lot more dialog than action. However the action when there is some, is fun. You do get weapons and also powers that you slowly upgrade through leveling and killing. Who you kill matters though so choosing your victims wisely is very important. It's more about reading and I mean really reading (provided you have subtitles on) if not, then listening, and thinking about your choices because in every encounter there are multiple outcomes. So pay really close attention to the story because there is a lot of lore. Which is fun, because it unfolds like an actual story in a book or a movie but again, you choose the direction.It all points you towards the end game but you can take your time or not. I recommend taking your time because it is a lot more fun that way. All in all, this game is slow paced and enchanting at the same time. The visuals are stellar. The back drops so dark, mysterious, and gloomy (in a good way). Like, when it's raining outside, and you want to just close all the curtains, this is the game you play while drinking coffee and smokin' a bowl. Worth the price? I'd say if it's not a big issue financially $45 is feasible (definitely better than the usual $59.99 tag) but for those who are more frugal, $20 seems more legit for this title.
S.U.G.I	Recommended	19.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/sugikhan/	https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6WnkSKb3my4Social Game Combined with Some Good Vampire ActionI wanna keep it short the game is actually pretty cool storywise and you get to do lot of different decisions whom to kill whom to spare, which will effect ending and other events inside the game, so there is bunch of replability inside the game. Lot of people have critized the combat, i would say its actually good when u get hang of it, in the start it may be bit clunky but its quite akin to Dark Souls combat, but lot easier and less punishing. Music, Dialogue, Graphics, optimization, controller suppport its all there, but it lacks NEWGAME+ which would be very essential in a game like this. You can get around 15-30h depnding on playstyle and how much sidequests you decide to complete, obviously you can play the game with different builds and choose to kill no one or everyone.
Zack C-137	Recommended	23.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/izakky/	I like it. Nuff said. It's like playing a book. It's fresh from other games I have played recently. I like to get lost in the story. I never expected this game to be perfect. Ya controls and combat seem a bit clunky and I did die to high level skals but I am determined to overcome the frustration and become the best vampire ever.
randomaction	Recommended	26.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198069947577/	Although, I quite enjoyed the Vampyr, I have a few concerns which I believe every buyer should be aware of before purchase.The game is automatically saving every time you make any decision. It basically means that when you do something, accidently or not, it's permanent. If you want to change it, you have to play the whole game once again.I assume that it is caused by the length of the Vampyr (it takes about 24 hours to complete it), but sometimes regardless of this knowledge I felt really frustrated when the game had saved, and I was left with unsatisfying turn of events and bitter thought of having to play it for the second time just to have it my way.What’s worse, there was even one time where without any warning beforehand, game literally closed off every exit from the location I was in, beside one. Long story short, thanks to that I was deprived of one of three possible outcomes in the main quest.Other thing that made me furious at times was lack of fast travel option. At first, I didn’t mind it. I thought that since the size of the map is not that great, it totally makes sense, but right now I think of it as extremely inconvenient.Moreover, after so many hours played I have this vague feeling that this game is nothing but slightly more than average. This may be like it, because I’m not the biggest fan of this game genre, but there wasn’t anything in it that would make me want to play it again and again.Due to all this I believe that the present price of 199.90 PLN (about 45 euro) is too high, compare to what game seriously has to offer.However, if you’re wondering whether you should or shouldn’t buy it – I recommend you do it, but only if it’s on sale for at least about half of its original price. The graphics, music, general climate of the Vampyr are worth it even if just for one-time-experience.
Crybird	Recommended	12.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/draculgaming/	So i play this game for 12 Hours non-stop and i finish the game and got myself one of the good ending, yeay!Anyway do i think this game is amazing ?Surely it is a great game with really great story, it's really hit my feeling, well occasionally you will meet some stupid characters, but i really love the character especially Lady E and Sir Will.The gameplay is pretty unique, it's either became a dark hero who slaughter your way to save the day or just became a hero who save everyone but weak as ♥♥♥♥ (or just become a monster)What i don't like about the game ?Well like everyone else it's the combat, but hey it's not like i'm trying to say the combat is bad it's till enjoyable because there's many unique attack pattern from all your enemysDo i recommend this game ?It's a big YES from me, in fact i will play it again to get all the endings!
Dude with name	Recommended	14.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Laredo956/	Is gud
rearn_13	Recommended	20.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198066213862/	This game has a really immersive storyline and district health aspects, with the vampire abilities, overall a great game so far!
LegendarySuperFeel	Recommended	12.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198035050460/	Honestly, I think this game is one of the lesser known gems of this year. I really like the diversity in this game, so many different ways to play. The biggest flaw imo is combat, this game has pretty clunky combat. You get completely trashed in mob fights and most bosses have mobs.I wish there was a way to get EXP easier instead of killing people, when you obtain a massive amount of EXP and start leveling the game gets easier to play, but at other times I hate having to resort to this option because EXP is hard to get.I really love the music in this game and the dialouge, I have spent such a massive amount of time just talking to people.
Pharaoh	Recommended	36.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/nutrynion/	Remember those books you'd read called "Choose your own adventure"? This game is a lot like that. There is a lot more dialog than action. However the action when there is some, is fun. You do get weapons and also powers that you slowly upgrade through leveling and killing. Who you kill matters though so choosing your victims wisely is very important. It's more about reading and I mean really reading (provided you have subtitles on) if not, then listening, and thinking about your choices because in every encounter there are multiple outcomes. So pay really close attention to the story because there is a lot of lore. Which is fun, because it unfolds like an actual story in a book or a movie but again, you choose the direction.It all points you towards the end game but you can take your time or not. I recommend taking your time because it is a lot more fun that way. All in all, this game is slow paced and enchanting at the same time. The visuals are stellar. The back drops so dark, mysterious, and gloomy (in a good way). Like, when it's raining outside, and you want to just close all the curtains, this is the game you play while drinking coffee and smokin' a bowl. Worth the price? I'd say if it's not a big issue financially $45 is feasible (definitely better than the usual $59.99 tag) but for those who are more frugal, $20 seems more legit for this title.
S.U.G.I	Recommended	19.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/sugikhan/	https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6WnkSKb3my4Social Game Combined with Some Good Vampire ActionI wanna keep it short the game is actually pretty cool storywise and you get to do lot of different decisions whom to kill whom to spare, which will effect ending and other events inside the game, so there is bunch of replability inside the game. Lot of people have critized the combat, i would say its actually good when u get hang of it, in the start it may be bit clunky but its quite akin to Dark Souls combat, but lot easier and less punishing. Music, Dialogue, Graphics, optimization, controller suppport its all there, but it lacks NEWGAME+ which would be very essential in a game like this. You can get around 15-30h depnding on playstyle and how much sidequests you decide to complete, obviously you can play the game with different builds and choose to kill no one or everyone.
Zack C-137	Recommended	23.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/izakky/	I like it. Nuff said. It's like playing a book. It's fresh from other games I have played recently. I like to get lost in the story. I never expected this game to be perfect. Ya controls and combat seem a bit clunky and I did die to high level skals but I am determined to overcome the frustration and become the best vampire ever.
FlySkyHigh	Not Recommended	22.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198018881388/	I hate to give this game this review, but I cannot personally recommend this game.Pros:Very intricate social environment.Decently voiced diverse cast of NPCsHeavily thematic, lots of lore and interesting tidbitsInteresting level up mechanics.Cons:Horrible combat system leads to long and very repetitive combat.Clunky combat AIs often mean that the tedious combat can also be very punishing if you aren't spending most of your time dodging.Random difficulty spikes will suddenly push enemies far beyond your current level, forcing you to either kill someone or let yourself die a bunch to farm a single area.System punishes players 66% of the time for social choices, ensuring that most players will cause bad things to happen no matter what they intended.Unforgiving District "Health" system. As soon as you start killing people the district health goes into freefall, and not even curing everyone in the district seems to matter.Dialogue wheel options are often misleading, leading you to make mistakes and potentially cause massive issues.Lack of fast-travel or mini-map makes moving between districts tedious. Constant enemies even near healthy districts means that you have to kill the same group of enemies every time you want to go somewhere."No-Kill" playthrough is effectively impossible, despite developer statements. Because of the insane difficulty spikes, and the misleading dialogue, you may end up either having to kill someone to progress, or killing someone without intending to.Lack of save-game options enforces consequences, but punishes players further with vague dialogue options. You may choose an option you think you want, and then when the thing actually goes through it's not what you intended at all, but you're stuck with it now.The overall animation quality reminds me of the original assassin's creed, this level of animation would've been well suited to AAA games a decade ago, but not now. Lots of weird glitches, very rough animations, many NPCs end up staring off into space when you converse with them, not to mention how extremely poorly rendered a lot of the cutscenes are...Fails to deliver on the Vampire Power fantasy. Most NPC enemies seem to automatically scale either to or past your current level regardless of if you go hunger-crazy or not, meaning every joe schmoe guardsman is fully capable of taking on you in your most badass vampire-ness. Kind of makes the whole thing feel really pointlesss if there aren't even a few guards who you can just kick the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of. And most of the mindless skals you run into if they get past your level will 4-shot you, even if you spend all your xp on buffing your health.It's just a damn shame. I had so much hope for this game.
Omega Von Doom	Recommended	25.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/omegavondoom/	Yes, this game has flaws. BUT the game does so many things right that I can't even see the flaws any more. I just sort of got over them and let myself be taken in by the game world. The combat takes a little getting used to, but can be very rewarding when you decide on a play style and spend your upgrade points accordingly. What has me hooked though is the great story and characters. Everything is so fleshed out and I literally spend hours talking to people just to know them better. This is good, because the more you get to know someone, the more XP you get when you finally decide to kill them. And you gotta think twice before you do, because who you kill and who you decide to help has consequences  that you can not change. You have to be in the mood for a story if you're going to pick this up. It is not a "beat em up" or a straight horror game. And if you're a fan of old Vampire movies or just vampires in general, this is probably the best game in the genre.  
Durghan	Not Recommended	38.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Durghan/	Well. I've reached mostly the end. While the main story is quite good, side stories are either very short, or actually feel tacked on for the sole purpose of having some. I may have made a couple mistakes early on because I am now unable to raise my level enough anymore to be able to finish the game. Unfortunately I have zero desire to start the game over from the very beginning in order to avoid those mistakes. There are a couple of additional problems I can't comment on here because they involve spoilers.In the end, if you just want another Vampire story, then definitely pick this up. Just don't expect an amazing, or even great, game.
odoniel	Recommended	33.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/odoniel/	first: yes the game has flaws. here is the negative:1. it is clearly not optimized at all. load times of several minutes are standard (on a highend system with nvme ssd - so this is a software issue)2. no option to save? little hint there: the 90s are over guys ...3. the dialogues are sometimes unintuitive4. sometimes you are boxed in without a choice. that is normal for these games but it should not show. here it (in some cases) does, which is annoying.5. some major effects are caused by minute dialogue choices and there is no indication at all you are ♥♥♥♥ing up your gameespecially the first two points need to be addressed as they would somewhat counteract the other two critizisms. if you can go back and change a wrong choice that would mitigate a throwaway comment ruining your game.do I still recommend the game? yes, because:1. the story is actually very nice and full of atmosphere2. the voice acting is good, especially for a small studio3. while there is no fast travel i enjoyed finding all the little short cuts you can open up4. the music is very strange and nothing you would listen to on it's own but it fits the theme like a glove5. none of the flaws are game breaking (though the long loading times and no save/reload options are very VERY annoying)
DraeMoney	Recommended	27.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/draemoney/	If you say it's difficult, you suck, and I don't like dark souls.If you expected things the developer didn't say were here, that's your fault.If you expected vampire the masquerade bloodlines, go play vampire the masquerade bloodlines.Vampyr is Vampyr, it is good for what it is and I enjoyed my 20hr playthrough of it very much.There is no continuing saves after the ending, maybe wait until this game is $39.99 or $29.99.I don't do reviews but this game got review bombed out of the gate.
DonkeyWorld	Not Recommended	10.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/realmravatar/	Vampyr's dialogue is well written, but largely matters very little unless you want to nom people.Vampyr's choices are interesting, but save for key story moments matter not at all.Vampyr's combat is fun at times, but is filled with way too much filler.Vampyr's rendition of London is well crafted, but gets tiring traversing halfway through the game.Vampyr's dialogue options feel personal, but Jonathan's personality is etched in stone and largely diminishes them.Vampyr is not a bad game, but it ultimately disappoints.A lot of time is spent talking to people to learn clues about them. Other than a few major story characters, the only reason to gather these clues is to increase the XP for eating them. Eating them is discouraged as it leads to bad endings. The game feels like it's fighting itself. I understand there's supposed to be a moral quandry here, but because most characters don't integrate with the story you only learn about them if you go out of your way. And the only reason to go out of your way is to eat them.Traveling in the game gets pretty tedious. Walks start getting longer, and it's not always obvious how to navigate the corridors (despite the fact you can essentially fly, you can only use it in very limited areas). What's worse is the game is filled with repetitive battles to slog through. The combat in the game is enjoyable against bosses, special encounters, and the first half dozen times you fight an enemy grouping. The story is good, and the dialogue is fine. The problem is the game offers these choices but is progresses in an extremely linear fashion so most choices feel like they don't matter.  And when they do matter, there's clearly a good (doesn't lower district health) or bad option (does lower district health). If you lower the district health, you have to go around healing people with items you'll either need to waste time gathering or waste time buying from merchants. It's not a particularly interesting decision, but it's something you need to do for the better endings and world states. The protagonist acts the same way no matter how you play, further reinforcing dissonance between the game you're trying to play and the one that's unfolding before you.DONTNOD did some good with Vampyr, but this is far from the experience I was hoping for.
soberlrishman	Recommended	41.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/harbissr/	A great AA game but has much untapped potential. This is not a Blood Souls style game. I'd say it's about 60% dialogue, 20% exploration, and 20% combat. Average gameplay is around 30 hours so that comes to about 18 hours of talking with NPCs. It has a deep, single-player driven story that encourages you to empathize with the characters.Pros:-Immersive world-Difficulty is based on how many NPCs you're willing to kill, the more you kill, the more EXP you'll get and the higher level you'll be. Kill fewer NPCs and you'll find that enemies will begin to outpace you.-Getting EXP from NPCs can be boosted by discovering more information about them, which might your decision to kill them or not-Incredible soundtrack, complements the eerie epidemic struck London streets-For the budget, this game has good graphics. Not 2018 AAA quality, maybe around 2013/14 quality-With a few exceptions, great voice acting-Exploration is encouraged with game lore hidden throughoutCons:-Decisions don't affect the main story much-The combat system doesn't work well, the auto-target doesn't like to change between enemies, multiple enemies can gang up and keep you in stun lock, and the camera doesn't cooperate all the time-I enjoyed the combat style more as I played it, but it got repetive about halfway through the game-There are some bugs, I know a couple people got locked out of some main mission things because they did too much side mission exploration-No incentive to learn more about characters that you don't plan to kill for the EXP-The ending felt rushed, any confusion or questions are just swept off to the sideOverall, I thought this was a fun game. I'd recommend it to anyone looking for a vampire game with rich story elements. I hope this game gets a sequel but with a larger budget and some lessons learned.
KnightofPhoenix	Recommended	62.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/KnightofPhoenix/	I waited to finish the game to be able to provide a comprehensive review of the game and after 36 hours I feel like I can write a review that will hopefully be informative to whoever is interested in the game.Short summary: the game, though not flawless, is very good overall and made several daring attempts to modify the (a)RPG formula.   It is not for everybody, but whoever is interested in a strong narrative and atmospheric experience exploring the horror and mythos of vampirism, supported by a good but not very deep combat system, would have a blast.  8.5/10I. Story:Given that it's a story driven game, I should start with what is imo the most important.  The story overall is very good, with great pacing in general (some exceptions here and there), great NPCs, a very well written main character, and an intriguing plot that keeps you engaged and eager to learn more.a. Main plot and atmosphere:The main plot may not be the most revolutionary or creative vampire plot ever (even the devs recognize the inspiration they had from various vampire stories), but it was executed well enough to keep you hooked and engaged.  Some events or characters could have used a bit more "screen time"to be more thoroughly explored but overall there was nothing crucial that was missing.  The pacing was well done and the hype and build up leading to the final confrontation was well executed. It is a self-contained and independent story that while would be expanded by further DLC/sequels (hopefully), is capable of standing on its own two feet.  And it is supported by masterful ambience and atmosphere with a phenomenal OST that on several occasions just made a scene single handedly (tracks like The Thirst enriched the game and its vampiric theme beautifully).A quick disclaimer: I have read some accusations that the game is too morally penalizing, in that you get a bad ending by killing a few people.  That is untrue – I killed 3 people and still got the 2nd best ending (the best requires no kills).  I am still not 100% sure how the ending is calculated but I believe more emphasis is placed on key decisions with each district pillar.  Overall, I found it an interesting tale but it served more, imo, as a backtrop to the 2 pillars or backbone of the Vampyr experience as I see it: Jonothan Reid himself and the NPCsb. Jonathan Reid:I honestly found Jonathan to be one of the most likeable and well written protagonists that I've played – mind you I played a mostly "good"playthrough so my Jonathan was a very sympathetic tortured figure.  Looking at scenes with an "evil" Jonathan reveals a much darker and terrifying character consummed by malevolence and bitterness – how we can roleplay Jonathan may be limited in width but it seems to still have quite a bit of depth.The premise of Jonathan, a vampire doctor sworn to a hippocratic oath is in and ofitself a fascinating premise that the game pulled off wonderfully.  Throughout the game my Jonathan showed relunctance, fear and even shame to embrace the creature he has become.  The conflict he experience was masterfully shown in both implict and explicit ways as well as his undeniable thirst for blood. This conflict is very well interwoven with the gameplay via the exp system and NPCs.c. NPCs:The game has by far some of the most interesting, lively and "real" NPCs in any RPG I've ever played.  They truly feel like actual people as opposed to simple merchants / quest givers / decoration. There are 60 NPCs in the game, divided into 4 districts, and each and every single one of them has their own story as well as dynamics they have with some other NPCs in their "social circle."  Each one is very well written and is quite interesting.  You see a mix of classes, races, genders, sexualty, political views and mental disorders, serving as a microcosm of the time – showing us social and political issues that are very much "esprit du temps" (zeitgeist or showing the spirit of the time). Jonathan interacts with these NPCs through healing them of ailments should they suffer any as well as discovering "hints" about them by finding items, spying on them or talking to them (or other people in their social circle).  The more hints you uncover the more you learn about said NPC, the more dialogue options you have with them, but also more pignantly the more exp they provide if you elect to feed on them.  In fact feeding on these people is the best way to get EXP.This is quite ingenious for it forces a dilemma: do I feed on the innocent to grow stronger or do I abstain and impose a big handicap on myself?Another layer of the dilemma is also forced, since learning more about each character would most of the time make it even harder to kill them now you understand why they do what they do.  Alternatively a person you never though you could harm turns out to have dark secrets that all of a sudden makes them more tempting targets.d. Choices and consequences:The game much like other RPGs puts you in multiple situations where a "critical" decision must be made, several of which were actually interesting dilemma.  The consequences for your major decisions is reflected in the health of each district, potentially resulting in a complete collapse if you pick one choice over another.  Some sidequests also give you some choices but they are not anything major.The more interesting choices & consequences mechanic revolves around the NPCs themselves.  Unlike other RPGs, simply knowing about a situation that is going on does not magically allow you to fix it.  The only potential solution you have is killing one to save another. The game presents several interesting and disturbing situations where killing becomes a tempting solution.  For example, one situation had a mother taking care of a very enraged and disturbed son who is a serial killer – he suffers from lack of empaty and inability to control his rage but genuinely adores his mother while she covers for his crimes because she loves him equally.  At the same time the mother has grown attached to an orphan boy and is taking care of him, causing great jealously and anger from her son (who knows that he is a big burden to his mother and hates himself for it).  The situation is such that it is very likely that the son will at some point lose it and kill the oprhan boy.  What do you do?You can kill the son and while this will be painful for the mother, she fully adopts the boy and realizes that her son's mysterious murder might have been for the best (what I did, not sure what happens if you kill someone else in this situation).This is the kind of choices and consequences offered by the game and it is a very refreshing and daring departure from the traditional formula.II. GameplayOverall I found it quite fun, with a good combat system and cool, if limited, powers and weapons to play with. As mentionned earlier, EXP is mostly gained through feeding on NPCs – you get measley EXP from combat and respectable amounts when healing people, discovering hints and doing main and side quests however this is dwarfed by feeding on even one NPC most of the time.  Gaining EXP allows you to evolve and gain new powers or improve existing ones.  Given the scarcity of EXP and the limit of ability slots and hotkeys, it is preferrable to create a build and pick complementary powers that you evolve in depth rather than pick many abilities that you can't upgrade or use most of the time.  The combat is nothing complex but it was fun enough to sustain the real meat of the game (story) as far as  I am concerned.One negative is that there is a lot of backtracking, so the game would have benefited by some form of fast travel (albeit limited in some fashion).Overall the gameplay was quite a bit of fun but it is punishing to those who don't want to kill NPCs and will be inacessible to those who like to play "story mode" sadly given the difficulty.
Anal Fissure Master	Recommended	14.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198045801951/	Great vampire Rpg game for the casual gamers who are into L.A Noire dialogue and investigation but also want the action fighting of assassins creed with a Very interesting vampire storyline with many decisions. I honestly don't see why people are hating on the game if you watched videos before release you'd know what you're getting and i'm very much enjoying the game only thing that can be triggering is the combat at times but you get used to it.
Goldeneye	Recommended	30.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/gold3n3y3/	Product received for free
Darthgizka	Recommended	30.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/darthgizka/	Game's good, exactly what I expected it to be.Combat is fun, but rather unbalanced and very dependent on the player's level. I personally don't like that in an ARPG, prefer player skill to have a larger role.Also, on the negative side, the game's vampire lore makes no sense. If you don't like using suspension of disbelief too heavily, this game might irritate you.Otherwise, it's good.
Ferrous	Recommended	50.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198041300903/	I mean in what other game do you get to play as a vampire doctor in london during WWI? And why wouldn't you want to play as a vampire doctor in london during WWI?Though I guess my tastes has gotten rather specific...
Lord Bo	Recommended	21.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/exetic/	Absolutely amazing game.9/10 from me.Graphics are pretty good and fits the whole era very well, the story is really good and the game is well optimised. I don't often praise single player games, but this one is just too good not to give a good review.
^8Sleeping 森林 |^2Si The Guy	Recommended	25.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198172757703/	So Vampyr, the game is interesting to say the least, its like most games in terms of quests and combat, The quests are more or less 'go here, fetch this, kill that, find him/her' However, The biggest and most enjoyable thing about this game is the NPC interactions and the choises you can make.This game with its choice making is the fist game ive played ever, Where i REALLY thought about the concequenses of my actions.So if you want a game where you feel like your decisions really impact your Experience and where you feel like you actually make the decisions, Get it, However i must warn those who seek Thrill in action/combat, watch gemplay footage, the combat is challenging but not in a way where enemies have Crazy move set, No. The enemies are mostly 4-10 levels above you and they will destroy you unless you play the Defensive and or the Dodge dodge hit once Dodge dodge way, kind of like Dark souls, but its not challenging like dark souls.To sum it up.The game has unique feel to its Enviroment, the world is pretty, the characters do look a bit dated, Character development is great, NPC's all feel unique, Combat could be better. Decisions actually impact your playing experience and you can choose to be any kind of Good/Bad/Neutral Ekon you want to be.
Dimathevs	Recommended	34.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/deedeepi/	Had high expectations for the game, It met every single one of them.I don't really understand where some negative reviews come from, the game has flaws for sure, it's not a complete masterpiece, even still.I see people complaining about combat, I find it fun actually. Assassin's Creed Origin's was overall really well received and I find Vampyr's combat far superior for example, and gosh way more interesting.Natarrive wise, it's a slow burn that has me invested, granted with time. The game gets better in the later stages I can say that.My gripes are mainly with some UI such as crafting and upgrading and lack of dificulty even when being underleveled. I found that I had to fight someone (or something!) about 10 levels higher than me to consider it dificult, but of course this is personal and it will change from person to person.The citizen network is wonderful feature although not as "immersive" or complete as say the Nemesis system in Shadow of Mordor, which I find it somewhat comparable. It's very highly natarrive focused, so please have this in mind, you will be talking most of the time, which thankfuly most of that time it is engaging due to interesting characters (with some exceptions). Honestly it's great, no problem recommending this one at all if you want a narrative gothic RPG, fantastic.
Serendipity	Recommended	23.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197987630975/	Fresh, original and recommended.
Apollo`	Recommended	21.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197971647166/	Brilliant story, gripping combat, great systems. Story is so indepth and you'll find yourself  hating yourself when trying too make those moral decisions
Chilybones	Recommended	17.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/chilybones/	This is a really great game. I was especially relieved when playing this considering the mass wave of games that have been released recently that either consisted of false promises, or broken game mechanics. Vampyr however, is the "Diamond in the Rough."It is a great RPG, a lot of NPC character development, with good fighting mechanics, a map with a size that suits the game well, and plenty of side quests to give you hours upon enjoyment.I literally spent 12 hours straight playing this game the day I bought, and I don't even think I'm near the end. Which is a great feeling for me, considering I love games with tons of hidden content, and side quests like the Batman Arkham series, that can keep you entwined without the feeling of it all coming to an end soon. PLAY THIS GAME!
nonnya	Recommended	18.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198258473086/	In absolute love with this game! There are some rough edges but honestly you forget about them for the most part.
Ava Ton Theon	Recommended	20.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ETWOliver/	I was in a desert of bland and mediocre RPGs. Hungry, starving, thirsting.I walked and walked for years with no prospect of survival.Until finally Vampyr came.The hunger has now been sated.
Chorak	Recommended	8.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198007324689/	I was hesitant at first, based off reviews. I didn't pre-order it. Having played it for a little bit I am enjoying it. It isn't as open world as I'd like it to be. Sometimes coming off as linear. but it looks good, plays good, has an interesting story and the dark bleak environment is great too. The combat sytstem kind of reminds me of a more basic version of witcher 3's combat system. the graphics look good and I am very much invested in learning more about the characters past.
Doc Psycho	Recommended	12.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198060918721/	This game is a ball.   The negative reviews I seem to get they want more from the game (yes to a point I agree).   But right now?   This game is so much fun.People complaining about the combat mechanics are the people that want one move that can take down any baddy.   This game you have to work your different skills.   Every enemy has different defenses; some are better vs melee so you need to use your Vampire abilities.   Some do well vs those so you need to focus melee or ranged vs them.   Yeah you can use melee vs them but it's going to do less damage. There's a TON of lore involved.   There's some tongue in cheek Vampire jokes (So far the one crazy woman has me chuckling every time I talk to her).Is the game perfect?  No.Is it damn fun? YES.Is it a game I'd recommend to my friends?  Yes.
Kreett	Recommended	48.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198090895460/	This feels like a good blend of the Witcher 2 and Bloodborne, I'm loving it
Drake Platinum	Recommended	30.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/drakekami/	its a enjoyable game but I do think its a bit short for a rpg especially if you feed like crazy. The combat is probably the biggest flaw in the game as you fight often and the fighting can be tedious or clunky in certain situations. I liked the story alot and the world building but I do not like how the "evil" ending is almost unavoidable. And I personally think if the game is going to "punish" you for being a pacifist it shouldnt have combat be the only route. in VTMB for many portions of the game you can avoid combat with skills and speech checks. Overall if you like RPGs its worth a shot. If you like rpgs and vampires I think you should play it. This game has more dialog then most rpgs keep that in mind and the combat is nothing special. Also this game desperately needs fast travel because ♥♥♥♥ me i ran back and forth way too ♥♥♥♥ing much. and manual saves.
judgedeath2	Recommended	9.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/judgedeath2/	Incredible atmosphere, inriguing story and dialogue, and surprisingly solid combat. Vampyr is a slow burn and has been gripping the whole way trhough.
oldchili	Recommended	25.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/oldchili/	Buy it. Play it. Finish it. Enjoy.
Chilybones	Recommended	17.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/chilybones/	This is a really great game. I was especially relieved when playing this considering the mass wave of games that have been released recently that either consisted of false promises, or broken game mechanics. Vampyr however, is the "Diamond in the Rough."It is a great RPG, a lot of NPC character development, with good fighting mechanics, a map with a size that suits the game well, and plenty of side quests to give you hours upon enjoyment.I literally spent 12 hours straight playing this game the day I bought, and I don't even think I'm near the end. Which is a great feeling for me, considering I love games with tons of hidden content, and side quests like the Batman Arkham series, that can keep you entwined without the feeling of it all coming to an end soon. PLAY THIS GAME!
nonnya	Recommended	18.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198258473086/	In absolute love with this game! There are some rough edges but honestly you forget about them for the most part.
Ava Ton Theon	Recommended	20.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ETWOliver/	I was in a desert of bland and mediocre RPGs. Hungry, starving, thirsting.I walked and walked for years with no prospect of survival.Until finally Vampyr came.The hunger has now been sated.
Chorak	Recommended	8.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198007324689/	I was hesitant at first, based off reviews. I didn't pre-order it. Having played it for a little bit I am enjoying it. It isn't as open world as I'd like it to be. Sometimes coming off as linear. but it looks good, plays good, has an interesting story and the dark bleak environment is great too. The combat sytstem kind of reminds me of a more basic version of witcher 3's combat system. the graphics look good and I am very much invested in learning more about the characters past.
Doc Psycho	Recommended	12.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198060918721/	This game is a ball.   The negative reviews I seem to get they want more from the game (yes to a point I agree).   But right now?   This game is so much fun.People complaining about the combat mechanics are the people that want one move that can take down any baddy.   This game you have to work your different skills.   Every enemy has different defenses; some are better vs melee so you need to use your Vampire abilities.   Some do well vs those so you need to focus melee or ranged vs them.   Yeah you can use melee vs them but it's going to do less damage. There's a TON of lore involved.   There's some tongue in cheek Vampire jokes (So far the one crazy woman has me chuckling every time I talk to her).Is the game perfect?  No.Is it damn fun? YES.Is it a game I'd recommend to my friends?  Yes.
Kreett	Recommended	48.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198090895460/	This feels like a good blend of the Witcher 2 and Bloodborne, I'm loving it
Senders	Recommended	66.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198013533210/	As a fan of a more casual experience, this game really does it for me. Not overly complicated as way of claiming that your game is technically advanced, it makes for good, pleasant progression. Combat isn't difficult, with a few different abilities, which is great for people who enjoy just doing a few button mashes and moving on. Overall compared to other games of greater detail and price, this is a much better experience for those not seeking a game designed to punish you as claim for "a difficult game" title.
Der Großmann	Recommended	48.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198123142418/	Vampyr is finally here after all the hype l must admit the game turned out to be quite good and ,as usual ,l'de like to show some pros and cons l've experienced during my 30 hours into the game so far.Pros :1-atmosphere and visual style2- the combat is like a mixture between The Witcher 3 and Bloodborne3-many npcs who have interesting story arcs4-extense skill trees with plentyful skills to better match your own individual playstyleCons :1- there's no new game plus feature2-the npc models look dated3-combat ,even though is good ,it yelds little exp
Runak	Recommended	30.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Runak2/	I don't review too many games but when I play an extremely enjoyable one, I do like people to know my perspective and why I enjoyed it so much. If you are a fan of the following, you will likely enjoy this game such that it's worth purchasing: vampires, investigative quests not unlike Batman Arkham series, third person action combat, rpg advancement. This is the best, and one of the few, vampire based rpg games since Vampire The Masquerade: Bloodlines nearly 15 years ago. Unlike that game, this is more focused, in both narrative and choice. You play Dr. Jonathan Reid, and have very little control in how he reacts to situations or his personal beliefs. The positive to this is he is very fleshed out feels like a real character, not just some silent protagonist like many rpgs.  You do have some control in how he responds to questions or goes about his night, not that much unlike Telltale's Walking Dead. You can choose to refrain from embracing your more darker vampiric desires, and indirectly from this, affect the difficulty of the game. You have the option, to drain the blood of pretty much any NPC in the game, the only restriction being your mesmerize level, which is increased as you get further along in the story. When you do consume an NPC and gain a large chunk of XP, not only are they gone, but their loss affects those close to that NPC as well as affects the overall chaos level of the area (similar in a way to Dishonored).  Since the number one way to earn XP is in this fashion, followed by completed quests and identifying NPC hints, then finally killing enemy NPCs in combat, doing so can really increase the powers of Dr. Reid.I completed the game without consuming any NPC, and even though the game was hard at times, forcing me to rest and increase my skills slowly, it never was impossible. But it is clear, the game would have been much easier had I resorted to my baser instincts. The storyline was well done driving me to see what new reveal was waiting around the corner, which I would expect from the creators of Life Is Strange. Combat, although clunky at time, and prone to irritating bouts of stun-lock, wasn't too bad and was clear a means to an end but not the focus. The single auto-save was a bit of a let down as it prevents experimentation. There were a lot of skills I couldn't even try because of this.Overall, I enjoyed the game immensely. Doing all the side-quests as well as the main mission, and not skipping the very well voiced dialogue took about 30 hours.  Now, in terms of value, you could definitely play through this twice, once not consuming and another going on a bloody rampage. Pricewise some may find it too pricey and they would recommend wait for a sale. To me a full price game returning 30 hours of enjoyable story and content was worth it. To each their own.
Corvus	Recommended	27.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198057394771/	I really liked this game. Story was interesting and game is not easy if you want to be a good guy. Unfortunately it is not a game for everyone. I recommed trying it with clear head (no hyped excpecations). You can always refund.
Lawie	Recommended	25.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/lawie/	Vampyr is a game we have waited for years since Vampire: the masquarade. A good vampire themed game with an amazing and thrilling storyline. The amazing soundtrack makes you feel more to the location (20th century England) and atmosphere you are walking in. The voice acting is excellent and believable. Much effort was put into it. In general, the fighting might be uninspired for some people. There aren't a lot of "cool" moves when fighting, and it is required to unlock certain skills to do some damage. It is not required to unlock every skill set to overcome your enemies. Which is actually nice. Your own choice whether what skill you want to unlock or not and to see what skill is best for you to play with. The boss battles can be either very hard or quite easy. Depending on how "prepared". Gaining XP through battles is quite low and embracing NPC's can deliver you mass XP, but it easily will make your ending a bad one. But not leveling yourself up, will make the game more challenging. Sidequests are uninspiring unfortunately, and sometimes the typical, go fetch and deliver it back kind of missions. Also I've experienced certain annoying bugs, such as NPC's are unable to do something if you block them against the wall during combat. One time an enemy wasn't able to die. (Running away and come back was the only solution) Or the mission pointer, not pointing anywhere on the map, making it almost impossible to know where to go. Fortunately I haven't discovered any gamebreaking bugs, so in all fairness, I've only encountered small bugs. All in all, to summarize: + Thrilling storyline+ Great voice acting+ Amazing soundtrack+/- Uninspiring combat mechanics- Boss fights are either too easy or too hard- Small bugsI would vote this game a solid 8/10.
Isaac is a Nerd	Recommended	40.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198059762822/	I never wrote a review so I am going to try my best here.Pros:Beautiful story. ( Good ending if you dont feed on any Civilian, like I did, man the temptation...)  Amazing and Immersive.Consequences and player choices were strong in this game. The best I encounter of all the years that I gamed.Addicting music almost sounds like sweeney todd - like music.So much dialogue....So much lore...The developers try their best to scientifically explain Vamparism which was realistic.I can't state this enough , this was one of the most immersive vamparic games of its time.Better than the Dawngaurd from Skyrm.Cons: (Edited)Did not feel like an open world, felt more like Deus Ex game (which is a big improvement from Life is Strange)Leveling up system lacked so much potential, it would be amazing to evolve into a Volkun or even a Skal.Game on Hardest difficulty (not eating upon Civilians) took only 24 hours...I will do a run where I eat everyone I see (LOL) But I am sure it would be tooo easy.Sequel not coming soon...(I know thats not a con but still)*Edit*I almost forgot to mention, there were bugs, but was fixed by changing the resolution to borderless, Ghost Recon wildlands have the same issue, I think its time to upgrade the old GTX980.Also the tutorial was almost not present I was LEVEL 19 when I learn how to switch weapons! MAN THE PAIN I WENT THROUGH. (you hit esc. then go to the John reids icon the one that is looking side ways you change weapons there...DUH)TLDRGame is immersive as hell, if you are a RPG or some sort of vamparie fanatic, this is a must!!!If you liked Deus Ex mixed with DawnGaurd DLC (skyrim) this is a game for you!Player choices reminded me like Fable, but with Dark Souls combat.
Martin	Recommended	27.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/regi123/	7/10I likez it
Ehrgeiz	Recommended	33.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Ehrgeizzz/	I am going to keep this short. This is quite a good game and a I got in on sales also worht the money.The story is quite well written, but rather linear - I would not consider the sides quests really worth doing, there is only little reward. I wishe there would have been more RPG elements, like advance crafting and changinge the equipment of your character. Even with doing pretty much all sides quests, I finished the game in only 33 hours - which could have been more considering the price tag on it. Still, I can reccommend this game but I would rather wait for a sale.
robdean84	Recommended	527.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198129307797/	 Recommended for sure. I do not remember ever playing a game 6x through but this one I could not resist. I hope there is another Vampyr and or DLC for this one or future releases if it is in the works. I do think more could be added as far as the Bourough's that would be nice perhaps with more NPC's and even say caves or like on person mentioned a Castle or 2 with puzzles as well as maybe hidden NPC's/Mission's to be found and completed for Acheivement's. This game has Potential to really evolve if done correctlly.
philmo3321	Recommended	10.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198269255402/	not disappointed at all. pretty good game!Every character you encouter have a back story and really help you decide who to kill.the game have great soudtrack, the graphics are good. the atmosphere is great.the only down side of this game is the combat systems.. i mean its an ok system but its not like witcher3..  for this price its a great game.i really believe that the devs put a lot of work and love on this project. 
Stone Carrier	Recommended	26.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/cjc343/	Cambat is my only real complaint, but it grows on you after a while.
Moopokalypse	Recommended	19.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/tylersuddy97/	Of the short time I have played this game. I love it! It's beautiful how well that Dontnod has executed this game. From the lore of the Vampires, the diferent types, their societies, and their hunters. Simply Marvellous. This game is just what i had hoped it would be from the magic and abilities, to the skill tree, to the combat!!
Tucker	Recommended	23.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/tucker174/	So I'm about 8 hours in and I feel this is a good place to leave a review. Will update if my feelings change later on.This is a game that lets you be whatever sort of vampire you wish to be. Want to kill everyone you meet? Go for it! Want to spare everyone? You can do that, too! The thing that makes this game interesting is that its difficulty is tied directly into your actions and who you decide to kill/spare. The consequences aren't necessarily obvious, either... I'm playing a bit more to the pacifistic side. Your choice of playstyle affects how you level up as well. Killing civilians is by far the easiest way to level up and upgrade your skills. Hereby lies the difficulty in your decision. You might kill a few people to get a cool new ability and end up throwing the region into chaos, making the game harder.So far the story has me intrigued (as I would expect from Dontnod; makers of Life is Strange). Most of the characters are quite intricate as you begin to discover their backstory and their secrets. A bad person could be doing things for good reasons and a good person could've made one horrible mistake.Combat can be a little clunky at times, especially while dodging, as player collision is quite heavy with enemies and the surroundings. It sucks to die because someone pinned you against a wall and you couldn't move.Overall I'm quite happy with the game so far. If you were keen on buying this already, it likely won't disappoint. If you were on the fence, wait until it goes on sale. I'm sure you'll get something out of it.
RazzGurl	Recommended	47.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/RazzGurl/	like any other game it has its share of flaws but its overall concept is pleasing to play it reminds me of a Witcher 3/DarkSouls/Surge type of gameplay style with a dash of life is strange and telltale games when your choices matter.  it has an  interesting mechanic with the communities from each district the system is kinda cool  each character have layers to their personality  it gives you a chance decide whos life is worth taking or not cause you could use their blood to progress your characters attributes unless you wanna be a lame vampire and kill no one lol  ive never seen anything quite like it before. if your into any of those games i mentioned above then youll like this game!
Rise	Recommended	39.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198013866556/	Its not your regular  Assassins creed/ openworld/  Rpg. Just dont expect that before you buy the game, and then whine about the game being linear. Learn to do your reasearch.Vampyr is a breath of fresh air, with some very unique interesting mechanics. The story so far has been fantastic( although takes a downward nose dive towards the end.) with interesting characters, Solid gameplay/ combat, fun ( but very easy) boss battles and some really tough decisions/consequences. The side missions aren't boring for once, thank god.The game  does have its share of bugs, nothing a restart wouldnt fix. Looking forward to more content.
scarlet	Recommended	10.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/scarletbill0w/	gothic narrative rpg. buy if you liked vampire:masquerade. 9/10.
PUNK | Kazuya Yuza	Recommended	7.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/KazuyaYuza/	Awesome game, would really recommend.Awesome story, awesome voice-acting, awesome environment (you really feel the atomosphere of London there), mediocre graphics, but good enough for the game.Though, the combat is extremely♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Especially the target-locking-system is the worst ever. It doesn't lock on a target. It all of a sudden jumps to a different target and then you noticed you wasted your ultimate ability on some kind of low-HP mob even and the boss you wanted to use it on is now♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥you apart. This instantly made me alt-f4 the game.All in all, great game. As long as you try to stay out of fights as much as possible.
brookes	Recommended	40.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198020268035/	Main story was good but not great bit easy.Character was fun to play cept for easy combat hit 3 times and dodgeCould have expanded the city scape a bit running across london in 5mins is a bit small.Bit short 21 hours to complete even after restarting cause I accedentaly bit someone and wated the no bitting achievement on first playthrough.Even though the no biting is suppose to make the game hard it wasn'tFor the price expected more of a gameSo reccomended yea but only  if its on sale or there is some wicked DLC that come out soon to expand on the game.
Circus Of Values	Recommended	24.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/circusvalues/	It has a good balance between investigation and action. Story and the voice-acting is amazing. The game also looks very good and the atmosphere very fitting. I havent found any game breaking bugs or really any big flaws with the game. It just get's better and better the further you get into the game. Worth it at full price no doubt! YIIEEEEEEES
CryoCat	Recommended	9.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198080498165/	Fancy British War Hero Doctor forced to survive on rat blood.
JCDenton	Recommended	33.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/awesome2010/	Vampyr: An engaging story with a  haunting soundtrack and impactful player consequences make up for the somewhat clunky combat mechanics and character animations.  It is only a positive that this game has rightfully been compared to the Masquerade series with shades of Redemption & Bloodlines.8.5/10
S.U.G.I	Recommended	19.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/sugikhan/	https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6WnkSKb3my4Social Game Combined with Some Good Vampire ActionI wanna keep it short the game is actually pretty cool storywise and you get to do lot of different decisions whom to kill whom to spare, which will effect ending and other events inside the game, so there is bunch of replability inside the game. Lot of people have critized the combat, i would say its actually good when u get hang of it, in the start it may be bit clunky but its quite akin to Dark Souls combat, but lot easier and less punishing. Music, Dialogue, Graphics, optimization, controller suppport its all there, but it lacks NEWGAME+ which would be very essential in a game like this. You can get around 15-30h depnding on playstyle and how much sidequests you decide to complete, obviously you can play the game with different builds and choose to kill no one or everyone.
Zack C-137	Recommended	23.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/izakky/	I like it. Nuff said. It's like playing a book. It's fresh from other games I have played recently. I like to get lost in the story. I never expected this game to be perfect. Ya controls and combat seem a bit clunky and I did die to high level skals but I am determined to overcome the frustration and become the best vampire ever.
randomaction	Recommended	26.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198069947577/	Although, I quite enjoyed the Vampyr, I have a few concerns which I believe every buyer should be aware of before purchase.The game is automatically saving every time you make any decision. It basically means that when you do something, accidently or not, it's permanent. If you want to change it, you have to play the whole game once again.I assume that it is caused by the length of the Vampyr (it takes about 24 hours to complete it), but sometimes regardless of this knowledge I felt really frustrated when the game had saved, and I was left with unsatisfying turn of events and bitter thought of having to play it for the second time just to have it my way.What’s worse, there was even one time where without any warning beforehand, game literally closed off every exit from the location I was in, beside one. Long story short, thanks to that I was deprived of one of three possible outcomes in the main quest.Other thing that made me furious at times was lack of fast travel option. At first, I didn’t mind it. I thought that since the size of the map is not that great, it totally makes sense, but right now I think of it as extremely inconvenient.Moreover, after so many hours played I have this vague feeling that this game is nothing but slightly more than average. This may be like it, because I’m not the biggest fan of this game genre, but there wasn’t anything in it that would make me want to play it again and again.Due to all this I believe that the present price of 199.90 PLN (about 45 euro) is too high, compare to what game seriously has to offer.However, if you’re wondering whether you should or shouldn’t buy it – I recommend you do it, but only if it’s on sale for at least about half of its original price. The graphics, music, general climate of the Vampyr are worth it even if just for one-time-experience.
LEET RAGE	Recommended	31.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/LEET_RAGE/	Pretty good game I would say. Combat wil-in-fact♥♥♥♥♥♥(<-- p i s s) you off time to time with its glitchy nuances. Lord knows I did my fair share of cursing at it- but once you learn how to work with those nuances you will be glad you stuck it out in the end. Not only for the battles to be faught, but for the story as well.  This is a bitter sweet cake of a game. All in all, if you are willing to cope with its limitations and you enjoy a good story, then this title will please. I would like to add one caveat for a game with such an odd combat mechanic, I feel that 39.99 is a more reasonable price for this game. 50$ (at time of purchase) was a tiny bit steep with all things considered. It still was enough of a good game to keep this a positive review-- even with current price.
Tobias Solem	Recommended	20.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/tobsol/	I believe that "Vampyr" is a title more suited for those who like the era and mythologies surrounding vampires. Those who enjoy vampire movies and generally like the theatrial feeling from the setting. Personally I count myself among the target audience, having played pretty much every vampire game there is, and probably most of the vampire movies, and role playing games (including V;tM tabletop/etc. ). The gameplay is good, the combat is far too repetetive to be enjoyable in the long run, but it is still a quite riveting game that I recommend to anyone who finds similarities in the first paragraph.
stillgray	Recommended	3.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/stillgray/	I thoroughly recommend Vampyr for anyone who enjoys VtM: Bloodlines.
Bloodline	Recommended	20.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Bl0odline/	What can I say? I like it. Combat is far from perfect but I just love the main character. So many cool characters. Story/plot is on point. You want to act like a monster but the game will punish you for it. Just buy it. Well worth it.
LapDanceKid	Recommended	19.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/lapdancekid/	An intoxicating atmosphere, enjoyable characters,  fun gameplay with a great story. Plain and simple, a great game.
GøD	Recommended	15.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198101393660/	10/10 AWESOME GAME with fluent mechanics and story . really great vampiric powers just like castlevania
Lawie	Recommended	25.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/lawie/	Vampyr is a game we have waited for years since Vampire: the masquarade. A good vampire themed game with an amazing and thrilling storyline. The amazing soundtrack makes you feel more to the location (20th century England) and atmosphere you are walking in. The voice acting is excellent and believable. Much effort was put into it. In general, the fighting might be uninspired for some people. There aren't a lot of "cool" moves when fighting, and it is required to unlock certain skills to do some damage. It is not required to unlock every skill set to overcome your enemies. Which is actually nice. Your own choice whether what skill you want to unlock or not and to see what skill is best for you to play with. The boss battles can be either very hard or quite easy. Depending on how "prepared". Gaining XP through battles is quite low and embracing NPC's can deliver you mass XP, but it easily will make your ending a bad one. But not leveling yourself up, will make the game more challenging. Sidequests are uninspiring unfortunately, and sometimes the typical, go fetch and deliver it back kind of missions. Also I've experienced certain annoying bugs, such as NPC's are unable to do something if you block them against the wall during combat. One time an enemy wasn't able to die. (Running away and come back was the only solution) Or the mission pointer, not pointing anywhere on the map, making it almost impossible to know where to go. Fortunately I haven't discovered any gamebreaking bugs, so in all fairness, I've only encountered small bugs. All in all, to summarize: + Thrilling storyline+ Great voice acting+ Amazing soundtrack+/- Uninspiring combat mechanics- Boss fights are either too easy or too hard- Small bugsI would vote this game a solid 8/10.
Green G'Noblin Shark	Recommended	20.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TheLordOfStorms/	It's not an action packed adventure. Vampyr is a slow, methodical RPG mostly centered around social interaction, with combat sprinkled on the side, though it remains frequent. Being a Vampire in Vampyr is a bit like what I imagine Bruce Wayne would deal with. On the surface, you play a responsible doctor, while secretly you just want to get your♥♥♥♥♥♥on. The game is not perfect by any means. The animations could use polishing, there are a few cases of stuttering, and the combat isn't anything to write home about. It is, however, engaging, provided you have the patience to get to know the 70 or so unique NPCs within the game. If you enjoy conversation/investigation heavy games like the Witcher, this shouldn't be too hard. If you're looking for a non stop vamp power fantasy, play Skyrim with the Better Vampires mod. Overall a solid game. 8/10.Update: It breaks my heart to have to do this, but I lower my previous score to a 7/10 for one crucial factor. For all its complexity regarding the personalities of NPCs, there is a simplicity that undermines the entire game. Getting a great/good/bad/worst ending is 100% tied to how many people you drain. Doesn't matter who, doesn't matter why. In a straight dishonored turn, body count is the only thing that influences the outcome of the game, and that's super disappointing. I tried to do my playthrough as a vigilante Vampire, only draining people who are deserving, but by killing even one I robbed myself of the best ending, and by killing 6 or more you end up with one of the bad endings. A true shame of an end to this RPG. Still worth a play in my opinion, and I truly hope there is a sequal or spiritual successor that rights the wrongs of these mechanics. I review remains positive because it's still a very solid game, it's just that the consequences are less intuitive than it may appear at first.
[WG]Pyro	Recommended	50.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/freak123/	This is, by far, one of my favorite RPG's. Each NPC has a unique backstory, and they don't copy each other when you're not speaking to one another (looking at you, Skyrim). The story is a rather good one, and if you can allow yourself to be totally immersed in the game....your family might wonder what happened to you....and you might bite them out of...well, I'm not going to describe a crime - anyway, the game is absolutely fantastic and I highly recommend purchasing it. My only gripes were that it may be "free world", but it doesn't feel as free as it could. Still great though.The other gripe would be that the chat options sometimes feel....out of order? What I mean is that you'll be having a borderline argument with an NPC and then have a chat option where you both seem happy with each other. This is minor, and not common, but it is there.Again, great game, I highly recommend it!
Stennija għal miraklu	Recommended	19.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/wonder-haddiems/	masterpiece
filthe	Recommended	4.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/therealfilthy/	Fun game so far, enjoying the story and I enjoy the LA Noire-esque and social aspect of the game. It runs deep and the desicions you have to make runs deeper.Thumbs up
obstinategenesis	Recommended	33.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/obstinategenesis/	The story is fantastically written, and utilizes the game mechanics to enforce and support the narrative themes. Really interesting mechanical choices on the part of the devs! The voice acting is great, particularly Dr Reid himself - a man who was written to embody the ideal of conflict in vampiric literature. Compassionate and conflicted. Dark without being angsty or full of overdrawn manpain. (It helps that he is socially progressive, and that despite being "historical" the game isn't devoid of gays or women with agency.) The arcs and philosophies of every NPC you meet echo the core conflict in some way, giving you different angles to consider the problems of death and eternal life.I admit, I was almost turned off the game completely by the combat and controls - but if you play cautiously and eat a few people, fights end up surmountable if a bit tedious, and are not overwhelming enough for me not to recommend the game. It was frustrating at times, but not enough for a ragequit.
kamspy	Recommended	27.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kamspy/	Great feeling of choice and consequence in this one. Interesting story, setting and characters. If you think you'd like it, you probably will.
dulacz	Recommended	23.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198046098530/	Ahh, finally. After first update and with new addon like toggle walk, this game become really fascinating (I know this is not too much but its my subjectivly vision). Fight, now could be more reallistic and first of all, less frustrating!
Itchybum	Recommended	18.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Itchybum/	If you like a good single player experience with a good story and atmosphere i highly recommend this game. The game is very deep and your choices actually matter. You're a vamire, but it's entirely up to you to decide if you're a monster or not.The combat system is solid and controller support is great.For the most part the voice acting is very good as well, although sometimes you get the odd dialog that just doesn't seem entire right.The game runs very smooth and is well optimized for pc. Though i would recommend a controller to play it if you have one handy.It's not a fast paced game by any means though, so if you're looking for a 3rd person brawler this may not be for you. If you like a deep and immersive experience however, you may have hit the jackpot here.I highly recommend this game for anyone looking for a deep and immersive single player experience. And there is more than enough combat to keep your thirst for blood under control.
Hanochar	Recommended	35.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/hanochar/	Pretty great narrative to play, literally spent everyday for a week just exploring the world, chatting to the locals, healing people, thinking about killing people, then the next week just went through the story and the story was amazing in my opinion.Remember thinking initially the fighting mechanic was kinda meh but since these were the guys from Life is Strange, couldn't exactly fault them for it but as the game progressed started to enjoy the amount of freedom of playstyle that they give you.I played it on an XBOX ONE controller and didn't really remember running into issues, bugs or otherwise. Would definitely recommend especially if you've played Life of Strange or another game by DONTNOD and enjoyed their storytelling.
Wilson8969	Recommended	68.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198063824711/	RAGAFREHUHRUHRUHGRHRS HELL! I've encountered this issue where either my mouse or my controller is limited to a certain box in the top left quadrant of the screen and can not access any menu options to the right of it..... wtf people. I can't even tell if the game is good or not because I can't even play it...
bfair	Not Recommended	30.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198134337536/	Dont get to play the game how you want to play it. You either kill everyone and complete the game or you kill no one end up 10 lvls lower then all the enemies and get 2 shot even after spending everything into life.
davyclouser	Not Recommended	32.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198042869993/	First time leaving a review. The pros of the game are pretty much the same for me as everyone else. Except combat. This game has one of the worst combat system I have ever seen. Here's why:- There's barely any impact.- Hitboxes are broken.- Dodging i-frames don't match the animations.- The tiniest wind blow from any enemy will interrupt and stun you.- Almost all your attacks and skill can't interrupt anything(sometimes they do, but the enemy recovers almost immediately)- Some bosses have an incredible difficulty curve and are made in such a way that you can't hit them more than once every 10 seconds(which makes them painfully slow to kill). Others have 2 or 3 comrades with them that will respawn indefinitely until you kill the main guy.- Even though you are described as an immortal monster of the night with supernatural strenght and speed, any hobo with a torch is much stronger and much faster than you.- Enemies hit WAY TOO HARD in a game where leveling up feels like you're running in place.- Finally, fighting multiple enemies is such an unbearable pain. You get attacked from every angles every 0.1 second and if you keep your distance you get spammed with bullets, fire arrows, grenades and flamethowers with way too much reach. The thing is, when you get hit by anything, you get stunned and take forever to recover so you can't do anything and keep taking damage.To summarize, the combat system in this game is bland, uneven, unfair and out of place. They should have put much less of those combat while keeping the same interresting feeding system as with other npcs and make it count. Killing thousands vampire hunters(recruited in London) won't change anything in a district but killing one homeless boy will have a huge impact. If you planned on feeling like a supernatural monster, you won't. Especially when it comes to fighting multiple NORMAL HUMANS at once; I should feel like a beast tearing flesh and bones apart around me, instead I feel like a little girl being molested by a bunch of UFC fighters.I thought relying on design flaws to make a game harder was a FromSoftware thing, but apparently it can be worse. You can get better at this game but not with reflexes, tactics or skills. You'll need to figure out how to work with the decisions of the team that programmed this system and get used to it. I don't think this is acceptable with such a price tag.EDIT: I just noticed that if you lose a boss fight and restart(basically loading a save before the fight), every serums you used in that fight are lost. What kind of brainless monkey thaught this was a good idea? They just took every mechanics from the souls games and implemented them without thinking. It doesn't work in this game at all and since they are forcing you to go through it, I am no longer recommending this game at this price.
recovering vore addict	Not Recommended	19.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/orgininalunusedid/	yeah no it's a decent 30 dollar game being sold for 45-50 bucks. the vampire mechanic is inspired but doesn't really work in practice.
DarkKnight	Not Recommended	17.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197961542248/	bored after 17 hours, will never play it again in my life
jakob	Not Recommended	30.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198207237596/	Good game made ♥♥♥♥♥♥ by ♥♥♥♥♥♥ battle system.The weaker skals are much faster than an Ekon of ancient lineageYou flinch because of everything which is the dumbest thing you can do in a fightA tiny pool of endurance dodging and attacking uses this enduranceGame tries to force you to kill innocents in order to actually procede in the gameEnemies are totally overlevelled if you try to win the game with morale and decency   
TheOneTrueE	Not Recommended	19.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/LongSchlongVonHonHon/	I was pretty interested in this game from its announcement. So far from playing the visuals are good but not spectacular, the combat is for lack of a better word boring and repetitive, and stealth isn't really much of a gameplay mechanic in this game. The interactions and dialogue have a kind of mass effect/witcher vibe to them wherein there is a lot of information that npc's will spit out at you and you will more than likely forget about it. There are two main ways of going about the game; killing all civilian NPC's and becoming the ultimate vampire or keeping with the Hippocratic oath and preserving your humanity, which I find is where the game shines. For now im giving it a 6.5/10 as it still has some bugs in it, the combat is lengthy and feels the same for every enemy (i.e dodge & slash, rinse & repeat), and it just feels like its lacking.
bobeagle77	Not Recommended	29.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197989930228/	There is a bug in this game that makes my game freeze for 2-5minutes when loading, entering area or respawn after death. Broken game which I am unable to make a proper review. 20hrs of my gameplay is from loading screens. I regret buying this broken game. I will have to remember not to support a company that does not care about their customer.Not recommended if you are a AMD user. Will update when and if bug is fix. Its like selling me a car and it only runs at 10mph. Whats up with that!
Vecca	Not Recommended	10.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/vecca/	Overall maybe a 6/10 Graphics 8/10Story 8/10Optimization 6.5/10Combat 6.5/10I hate how clearing enemies means nothing as when u leave they will be there again, i feel like i can only go certain ways it doesnt feel like a open world
mikevika	Not Recommended	11.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197978156211/	Game is ok and in stage 2 not fun everything is 10 levels higher the boss level 22 you level 13 I mean WTF really 2 hits and it's over. No way to really increase mesmerize excepting find the occasional task that increases it. Guns are useless. Whats the use of an ultimate if it hardly does damage? game freezes if you switch screen while it's loading a new scene and you ave to hard restart the computer
LЄЄRØϒ ︻芫═─── ۞	Not Recommended	38.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/leejroyenkins/	Could be 9/10, but so many fails only made it maybe a 5/10. Only autosave ruins playthroughs and blocks you from getting achievements after 20-30hour playthrough . You chose a wrong 1 out of 3 answer -> hint locked, you are screwed. Miniboss doesn't drop his weapon/ loot glitches -> you are screwed.Accidently read lore item #30 for a quest-> you are screwed.... start over again!Camera / menu bugs. Gets stuck, places markers randomly, you can get unlimited XP by pressing 1 button. Combat/skill system/difficulty is the worst. You can't even sneak, just walk. No jumping, only teleporting. But not in combat, you have to unlock it as another skill. But due to unlimited healing and dodging at any time you are invulnerable. The ending doesn't take any decision into account except if you have fed on NPC's once. Every story decision doesn't matter at all. Could have been such a great game, but the dev's choose to repeat the same mistakes like 100 other crappy console ports before did, instead of looking at the great examples of the rpg genre.
mikevika	Not Recommended	11.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197978156211/	Game is ok and in stage 2 not fun everything is 10 levels higher the boss level 22 you level 13 I mean WTF really 2 hits and it's over. No way to really increase mesmerize excepting find the occasional task that increases it. Guns are useless. Whats the use of an ultimate if it hardly does damage? game freezes if you switch screen while it's loading a new scene and you ave to hard restart the computer
LЄЄRØϒ ︻芫═─── ۞	Not Recommended	38.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/leejroyenkins/	Could be 9/10, but so many fails only made it maybe a 5/10. Only autosave ruins playthroughs and blocks you from getting achievements after 20-30hour playthrough . You chose a wrong 1 out of 3 answer -> hint locked, you are screwed. Miniboss doesn't drop his weapon/ loot glitches -> you are screwed.Accidently read lore item #30 for a quest-> you are screwed.... start over again!Camera / menu bugs. Gets stuck, places markers randomly, you can get unlimited XP by pressing 1 button. Combat/skill system/difficulty is the worst. You can't even sneak, just walk. No jumping, only teleporting. But not in combat, you have to unlock it as another skill. But due to unlimited healing and dodging at any time you are invulnerable. The ending doesn't take any decision into account except if you have fed on NPC's once. Every story decision doesn't matter at all. Could have been such a great game, but the dev's choose to repeat the same mistakes like 100 other crappy console ports before did, instead of looking at the great examples of the rpg genre.
Yun	Not Recommended	8.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198085717853/	It's a good narrative, shackled to mediocre mechanics. If you're interested, buy at a discount. $30 or less, and I'd say it's a worth a try.
Oloremo	Not Recommended	30.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/oloremo/	The first problem of the game is that the "No embrace" run which is the only way to archive a "good" ending is a basically a "very hard" difficulty level due to the fact that you're going to be underleveled whole game and you will miss this whole mechanic with hints and blood quality altogether.The second problem is the combat is not rewarding and repetitive especially on "No embrace" run.But the main problem is the story which should be very good considering the Dontnod background, but the story is dull and the ending is lackluster.
Mercuraz	Not Recommended	19.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198041376523/	I would love to recommend this game but after only going through a large chunk of the game (beginning of Chapter 4), I feel it is more of a tedious chore to complete rather than a solid RPG. I have been trying to enjoy this but have run into a number of level obstacles in which I am well underlevelled and I'm forced to kill off a few civvies to get through. Being a "good guy", I was expecting to go through the game without having to kill off anyone except the normal enemy AI. The hard part was working out who was worth killing. Everyone is interconnected in some way and they all make me feel bad for killing them. Really need to work on balance.
Willass	Recommended	14.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198077787409/	Excellent singleplayer game.
irminakacz	Recommended	40.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198308395435/	This game is incredible - definitely worth it's price. The story is rich and full. The scenery, music and light create unique, impressive atmosphere. Every character in the game is a complex being with unique motives and struggles. Killing people to feed on their blood is one of the most rewarding and addictive experience in the game, so it's incredible hard to resist that urge. Great game - would give 11/10.
ɮʟϋ	Recommended	35.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/zerest/	Really liked it. Was a satisfied purchase. Combat is a little bit like Dark Souls, and the conversation decision making is a little bit like Mass Effect.It's been a long while since I've played a game that made me really think about the choice I'm about to make in a dialogue.
Haise Sasaki	Recommended	26.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198087331961/	Fun vampire game with good narrative and combat. The idea that npcs have permadeath and affect the outcome of the story makes every choice you take an important one. Really dig the dilemna of being a doctor/vampire.
NK | Sweetlemonade	Recommended	14.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198053655246/	love the game and the style dont hear off this 2 hour reviews, play the complet night after relase and it was worth it.
PurpleDrank	Recommended	24.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197961431527/	Love: Story (so far), setting, music, omni-gloomHate: Priwen Guard, ♥♥♥♥ you
Randomhyperbola	Recommended	24.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/randomhyperbola/	I thought the game was interesting , with an intriguing story and an excellent (yet haunting) score.
Dandy	Recommended	29.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197994948190/	So far so good. Dilemmas are interesting, investigations can be fun and challenging. Suffers a bit from Witcher 3 syndrome where because you tell X something, then Y kills himself even though that's not really something you would reasonably suspect.
kaimberry	Recommended	33.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198074823994/	I very much like the game. I find the world and magic very interesting and i do not understand why it is not getting a better reception.
H.U.N.K	Recommended	44.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197967324471/	Tough one to gauge this game I allmost refunded it at the start as the combat while not bad just seems kind of bland but it is serviceable.So why didn't I?Well that would be the story and the setting the graphics while they are no far cry 5 lvl of detail are adiquate and do the job of setting the mood and the music is fits the mood perfectly but it's the story that has gripped me and stopped me from refunding as I just cant wait to see what happens next.So its a tentative thumbs up from me but you best do some research and watch a few Utube vids to see if it's your cup of tea.
FuriousRexusTV	Recommended	40.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/WotanRexus/	Hey folks!Been waiting on this game with great anticipation. Now that its here, lets see what we got. Ive been streaming it for 20 hours or so, total with more to come. So far the verdict is this:Pro´s:- Great quality, overall. In graphics, coding, UI, narrative, grind-level, ambience/immersion & Voice Acting. If youre into the Veil-stuff youre gonna love it. - The feel of the game-progression is good, steady & ALMOST seemless. A few snags in the difficulty-jumps, here & there, but no biggies.- The game is not overly huge, area-wise. But it somehow pulls it off, so you dont feel enclosed, much. Sewers offer some extras + special areas you find exploring the city.- The real ace in the pocket, is the storyline & the feeling of growing as a Vampire, in 1918 London. Im starting to become powerful enough to enjoy the fights more & it feels great. With the spice of crafting stuff better + getting more powers, you start to feel like a boss after level 15-ish.Cons:- At times, the conversations become a little long & pointless, which I didnt expect of this particular game. LA Noire did it a LITTLE better imo. With mimics, bodylanguage & the opportunity to be evil in the choices you make, without getting locked in the storyline etc. Oblivion also does it a little better, which is even more disappointing, since Oblivion is OLD af! So the games strongpoint, somehow becomes its lowest point, at times. But luckily, it never breaks the spell of the game. So its no big deal, unless youre a coniseur, like myself.- Game is on Unreal Engine. So yeah, one word: Hitboxes...*sigh*. One day, we will see UE4 deliver on that. But for now it aint great. Ive seen worse, though. And at times, it even feels like it really works! But yeah, its only sporadically, alas.- Combat works alright, with the combo of powers etc. But the odd glitching & getting stuck on barrels & what not is to be expected. Hope they smoothe that out a bit in patches. - The lack of evil/good-choices really loses value in second or third playthroughs. Not sure Im gonna bother playing it a second time. Which is bad, afaik.Verdict:Pretty cool game! Im still excited. And that dosnt happen a lot, these days. Gonna definate playt it to conclusion. Definately buy it, if the genre appeals to you. Its worth the 50 bucks, in my book. With surprsingly much gametime in it, too.
Natronosaurus	Not Recommended	23.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198029586231/	I'd wait until a patch drops before buying; frequent crashes which seem related to combat abilities inject frustration into a lacking combat system.
Kaboodle	Recommended	3.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/wolberwj/	Yaaaaaaaass daddy vampire! Slaaaaaaay!Play with controller, combat feels better than with a keyboard + mouse.  Still a bit clunky, feels like a missed opportunity.Not a bad game tho, fun and compelling.  7/10, buy it on sale.
enTwo	Not Recommended	27.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197997859729/	The combat control on mouse and keyboard for this game is absolute garbage, and you cannot avoid fighting all the time just to even move around the city there are constant respawns everywhere.  The control is a very poor port of console obviously.To make matters worse combat is very unforgiving, you don't get armour and for all the life upgrades you still can barely take 3 hits.  Levelling up in this game means a night passes and people's health gets worse and you need to heal them or risk the district being filled with monsters.Healing people means running around the city full of enemy spawns with garbage combat, trying to find such and such nobody you don't care about at all.If combat didn't suck, if there was fast travel, if leveling up didn't cause health to drop for people requiring you to run around the city endlessly to heal people, there are so many things not to like in this game.  I don't think I'd recommend this even at heavy discount.
DoomBlackDragon	Not Recommended	39.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/DoomBlackDragon/	Game is bad in many ways. The first way is the game has a huge difficaulty spike through many parts of the game. So you are will start off as a normal rpg. With enemies being your level. Then boom suddenly enemies are like 5 levels higher then you. The enemies are pretty basic in tatics as well. Just hit them a few times and jump back. This works on like 90% of the enemies.Problem here is enemies killed give you about 5 xp per kill. With the game quest system being no better. Giving you about 100 xp. Only real effective way beside just non stop grinding is to drink blood on the civs in 1 of the 4 districts. Yet this syster is also bad. As in combat you can stun a target and drink it blood. Drinking their blood drops their health in chunks but does not instant kill them. If you drink the blood of the civs you just instantly kill them. The game has a ton of weapons but all the good weapons are locked behind killing civs. Yet their no hint or clue what weapon you will get. You just have to guess or look up a guide to see who has what weapon. Which you will want to get the better weapons in this game. Prepare for a bad ending. Remember how I said enemies will suddenly jump in power? This does not happen just once but is a non stop event in the game. Pretty much forcing you to eat enough people to get a bad ending.Combat is boring and all enemies power spikes come down to is more health and more damage. No improve tatics or improve AI. No extra mechanics NPCs can do. They will play the same as the moment you saw them for the first time to the last hour of the game.SJW propagand is backed into the game. So one of the major start parts of the game is a rich millionare who wants to build a way to keep the sick/poor people away from the healthier parts of london. Who happens to looks somewhat like Trump. The game says this man is evil and if you turn him into a vampir the city will suffer. While killing him the city will prosper. ♥♥♥♥ing hell. I am really getting sick of poltics being put in everything now a days.
Jigenzohan	Recommended	17.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/digbickdrick/	This is one of the best singleplayer games I've ever played. The void of lacking of games about vampires was filled by this gem. The story is top-notch. The gameplay is superb. The citizen management is great too. If you loved the Witcher 3, this is a must have.
Speedwagon-chan	Recommended	37.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198045186193/	Amazing game,some people expected some amazing AAA open world ultra mega giga whatever the flying ♥♥♥♥ kind of game.It is not one.But that doesn't mean it is not amazing. The game revolves around a couple of moral choices since you can kill any npc you see and the death of some npcs affect the district in various ways. The combat is,how do i put it,just think of the Withcher 3 okay? Awesome game,awesome story,awesome everything,except the combat is a bit simplistic.it is still fun and challengeing though so dont get thrown off by that. The map.I found it awful at first,since there are a lot of blocked paths.Thing is,they were blocked for a good reason at the time,so you cant just go explore advanced areas right away.It is a pain to navigate somehow,but it is beautifully made and not one path you take feels the same as the other ones. And the last thing,the story.Holy.Hell.i never played Life is Strange so i dont know what the praise it received was about.After playing this all i can say is,this guys can REALLY make a good story.The first 3 or 4 hours i played i kinda felt that maybe it was a mistake to buy the game,that it wasnt worth it.But then the story picked itself up and it turned to one of the most amazing games i have played this year.I really cant say anything about the great parts without spoiling it,but just trust me,amazing stuff.And that is all i have to say,this is actually the longest review i have ever written for a game,i applaud the devs of Vampyr and i eagerly wait for another masterpiece of theirs. 
HOLYONE	Not Recommended	2.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/holyone222/	* Mediocre graphics * Sluggish controls and animations * Crappy combat system  
scheep	Recommended	26.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198033027037/	A good game, if it were not so tiresome in so many ways.The emphasis on dialogue started out well - well written, well acted. But after reams and reams and reams of endless prattle on a million and one diverging topics, with every single man, woman, boy and girl intertwined in some gargantuan tree fed by a steady underground reserve of gossip ... at some point you decide they're all meaningless in their effort to be so full of meaning, and you start chopping branches off.Then there's the map. There are no fast travel points, and the enemies respawn even after you've clawed your way through the same thugs moments ago. And you're forced to retrace and retrace your steps because you forgot to open a little door,  the only available shortcut.And lastly, the fighting turns joyful to dreadful at the 3/4 mark of the game, if you're the patient sort like me. There just isn't enough variety to keep the dueling interesting throughout.Do I recommend the game, despite these shortcomings? Grudgingly yes, but a few simple tweaks by the developer in a patch or two could easily make it all for the better.And oh, don't get me started on the storyline. An unfortunate ball of yarn that took to gazing at its own nazel so much it's now an incomprehensible mess.
LordOvelix	Recommended	36.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198004464908/	Im enjoying this game very much. It's what i would call a flawed gem. It has its faults and faulty gameplay mechanics for sure but its a great game. I really love the history and interaction with the NPC's. Investigating their problems/quests is really fun. The game is really dialog heavy so if you dont like wandering around talking to people this might not be for you. The combat is pretty simple but it does its job. 8/10
Captain Rananana	Recommended	9.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198026217496/	For more reviews like this follow my Curator page Phenix EmporiumA fun and very interesting though quite flawed game, for those interested I would certainly wait for a sale, at which point I would say it is worth picking up.This game is very dialogue heavy, and much of your time is spent just running around from place to place talking to people.  The story is decent enough (from what I've experienced so far as I have not finished the game). The combat is pretty fun, although it suffers from enemies attacks (especially the bosses) have a high amount of auto-lock throughout their entire attacks meaning dodging can be finicky and unpredictable, the other issue with the combat is that this game has random and abrupt difficulty spikes that seem to come about with little reason, I very much like the way they try to push you towards killing civilians in order to gain more power both through the difficulty of the combat, dialogue, and everything else, I think it pulls off its whole theme of a vampire doctor being torn between saving lives and taking them quite well, but the difficulty spikes are just way too brutal, it's not a matter of getting good but simply lacking the damage or defense to survive almost any encounter and since enemies are constantly respawning it becomes an absolute slog moving from area to area.  Of course, I'm sure that's much less of an issue if you were to be killing civilians, but still, the difficulty curve certainly needs work.  As others have said in their reviews, this game would work much better with a far less focus on the fighting mechanics, they are simply not strong enough to have that be the main focus of the game, there is certainly potential in them, but even if they were better it really fights against the theme the rest of the game is going for.So in the end, if you are interested in this game, on a sale like half off, I would recommend the game, just go in with tempered expectations.
Dr Kunah	Recommended	22.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198319983553/	so yeah, i'm gonna play it again. I got the evil ending
ScytheNoire	Recommended	40.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/scythenoire/	If you are capable of not taking the consequences of your decisions not too seriously, and enjoy the roller coaster ride the game brings you on; and you enjoy a game that focuses heavily on the story narative, then you may enjoy Vampyr. I enjoyed the story, the twists and turns, the morally grey of most of the citizens in London, however, once I was done, I don't feel I could replay it for a while.The combat can be frustrating and clunky at times, but with the right build, and the following enemy patterns, it gets easier. You can really gimp your character if you don't spend and focus your XP spending properly. I'm also not a fan of the method of gaining XP, as you gain it through exploration, story, and embracing citizens, with combat mostly getting in the way.I look forward to more in the games story, or a Vampyr 2, but hope to see improvements. Great start for a franchise, can't wait to see what they do next.
Breadcrumb	Recommended	14.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kingofohio/	I think the game is awesome. While the game does state that the difficulty is determined by how often you feed, I think the ending may also be determined by that. I will also say that the game really isn't that hard to beat without feeding which would tell me that it must be very easy and very short when getting the big XP boosts from citizens. All in all, this had satisfied my need for a good, modern vampire game that allows you to feel powerful and make choices. Definitely pick this up if you like vampires.
BladeStorm	Not Recommended	21.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198077966169/	tried playing the game being ''good''.. 21 hours later i got a crap ending, seems doing what you think is good does not reflect the ending, hard to know in some scenarios what choice will lead to a good ending or not.the xp you get from ''healing'' sick people is nothing compared to embracing them, got so tired of this game running around between the districts healing people only to use xp and see most of the people getting sick again.had i at least gotten a good ending then it would be ok for all those struggles but since that's not the case i can only see those 21 hours as utterly wasted and fear not i will not waste another 21+ hours to get the ending im hoping for by following some walktrough.
ARK	Recommended	40.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/CKPARK/	I didn't expect DONTNOD on this kind of game and it's good to see them try something a bit different from what they are known for. The game mainly focus on the story which I enjoyed although some part of it seemed forced but besides that, the story was pretty good.I particulary enjoyed the lvl up system as the main way to get experience is by drinking the blood of the citizens of each district. You can increase the amount of experience you'll get from them if you find hints about them and I really liked this. You'll also have to take into consideration that if you do drink their blood, they'll die and it'll impact the district they live in. However, I found the impact not that important and was disappointed by that fact. Regarding the ending, there are 4 of them (2 good with slight differences and of course 2 bad), and unlocking them is as you would expect, kill no one or just a few for the good ending and kill everyone for the bad, it's a classic and I have to say that I was disappointed as the game does not take in consideration who you decide to kill but the number of person you kill for the ending you'll get (even if you decide to only kill bad people) For the gameplay, there's nothing new and is a bit clumsy and even if I knew that it wouldn't be that good, this is surely the main issue of the game in my opinion as there are a lot of fights and no way to stealth your way through. You quickly get to the limits of the fights mechanics and it becomes boring and anoying more than anything pretty fast. You could replay the game again in order to have another ending but I personally didn't due to the number of fights in the game and the clumsy mechanics.Overall, I enjoyed the game for the ambiance, soundtrack, dialogues and the story. If you like story driven game, you'll probably like this game but if you're not, then this is not the game for you. I recommend this game for people who likes story driven game as I said but not for the full price as I find it expensive for what it is but if you can get ir for around €30, then you can go for it  
shimbones	Recommended	27.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197973207676/	Vampyr is a diamond in the rough. The game beautifully and eeriely depicts 1918's London as a city still steeped in its Victorian legacy, but also a place grappling with war and disease as Britain faces WWI and the Spanish flu. Jonathan Reid is a likeable character who is both a doctor and a newly born vampire. Reid's duality is a premise that is quietly discarded by Vampyr's game mechanics. You can heal characters before feeding on them for a better meal, but Jonathan is not obliged to drink blood. By giving players the freedom 'whether' to feed instead of 'who' to feed upon, DONTNOD detract from the most interesting aspect of their protagonist, a man whose indentity is split by two opposing forces.London is beautiful in a bleak and industrial way and a thread of melanchoy ripples through Vampyr's score, representing Jonathan's struggle with his sudden and unwanted vampirism but also symbolising a country which has suffered so much loss during this time. For all its beauty London starts to feel bare, the map is very small and characters are relatively few. The small roster of London citizens you find can be excused by the social element of Jonathan picking his prey, but disbelief returns when character models are reused for London citizens in the same district.  The story is mixed, I found that it began well but contained a few sudden leaps that left me wondering how I had arrived at this point. This might be due to the dialogue heavy nature of the game which does not suit prolonged plays. After two hours of playing I either stopped playing or began skipping dialogue. This is okay in a game like Fallout but Vampyr's plot is so linked to what NPCs say that by the end, I stopped being sure of what had happened.An enjoyable game if you like an rpg closer to an audiobook and can stand the clunky combat. Hopefully DONTNOD will create a sequel, but it would be much better if  vampirism was a compulsion to manage, rather than an optional boost for experience points. Wait for a sale for this game.
Door Kun	Recommended	20.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/anditrhymeswithdoom/	The game is fun until the final boss.
Hope_Lescase	Recommended	24.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/hopeLescase/	I really like this game. To clarify, I love how the devs incorporate mythology into history, creating a good balance. It's refreshing too to have a game that is very story-rich and have an interesting newish perspective on vampires and their subspecies.The characters, the emotions, the dialogue, even the music, it's so stunning and exciting, and really makes this a very good game to playMost times, I like to play a game blind, but this is a good game to have a guide with on hand, sometimes, trying to get from one place to another gets very confusing. and, I know the map is small, but a fast travel system wouldn't hurt.Also, I would've preferred romancing Swansea over Ashbury at the end and maybe having the option of letting her die or not (She's too uptight and dour for my liking) and I know Swansea did a no-no, but I wasn't letting him die, regardless. 
Blackdrive	Recommended	40.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198030793851/	Somewhere between the heights of roleplaying worlds like Witcher 3 and the atmospheric pseudo-rpg action delights such as Dishonered lives this game.  It plays like Dishonored, where stealth and simple combat are pleasant, and the world is an intriguing film you get to walk through -or claw your way through, if you will.  It has occasionally inspired dialogue, and I really don't blame it for its unabashed seriousness given the traditional vampiric themes it works with.  It's not trying to make Twilight from post-Victorian gothic vampirism.  But unfortunately, it's not as self-aware as Bloodlines.On to the nuts and bolts; enough of this poetry.  Since it is a combat-oriented game in the vein of Dishonored, it should be noted that the combat in this game is uninspired.  It is a delight to zip along as Reid with vampirism, that is true, and it is interesting to use the various powers for the first couple times, but really, combats are a series of well-timed dodges, stuns, and strikes, with the occasion slurp of blood to power your abilities.  It does get interesting when two different and opposing groups meet with you in the middle, but that too gets old.  To be fair, Dishonored doesn't really get higher marks, and nor do lower-grade combat/rpg hybrids.  Just don't buy this game for the combat.You buy this game for the atmosphere.  Post-turn-of-the-century London ruffians, barkeeps, nurses, and aristocrats talking their games, throwing cockneyed insults or telling their stories - this is what you're playing the game for.  Honestly, being a vampire is almost incidental, though refreshing.  All the murder or theft, investigation and angst is set against a city beset with disease, and the game does a fairly commendable job immersing you in that purgatory.  It's nice trying to heal citizens and keep districts from devolving into chaos, but it does give you a sense of the oppressive dreariness of London facing widespread disease.  In the end, as immersive as this game is (and I do love my immersive games) it's a world that doesn't exactly pull you in.  It's like listening to one very long goth set at the club.  Eventually, you need a breath of fresh air, and a look outside to see some color.The rest of the game is neither terrible or amazing.  Yes there are bugs, and my game freezes fairly regularly (about 1.5-2 hours into a playthrough), but it restarts quickly enough that I can't really complain, and its auto-saves are frequent (though I'd rather control the save points).  Its quests aren't just search-and-find Warcraft clones, but the combat makes them feel a touch like that.  The characters are memorable and voice acted well, but the dialogue options don't truly give the player meaningful choices.  Consequently the stories and the interactions feel railroaded, or at least obligatory, as opposed to conscious decisions by the player.It's a fine game, but do yourself a favor and get it on sale.  You'll appreciate it for what it is, and not compare it to AAA titles.  7.8/10.
Iñigo Montoya	Recommended	51.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/xmaicox/	Great Game, you know when a game is good when you are still left with a lot of mysteries even after finishing it. I gambled on buying this game because Silent Hill and Alone in the Dark are dead and I don't like first person horror games because most of those games are just cheap scares eventhough they emphasize "Atmosphere". I really like horror games, technically the game is not a horror game but the story telling is so good. I hope you guys make a sequel to this or make a horror game in third person like silent hill. Don't worry about combat control. Your story telling is great and that is all that matters. I hope you could revive this genre for it is so lacking in this generation.
Philip	Recommended	55.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/phlaksius/	First: Having finished this game, I got a flashback to when I first played and finished Mass Effect 1 - so you know, I got hooked. I can wholeheartedly recommend this. But similarly to Mass Effect one, it takes time and work. We can probably assume a second or third coming would become increasingly user-friendly. But this feels like it should be the first game in a series - and it has the oomph to be just that. RPG-stuff: I've been seeing a lot of different opinions on this game, and I kind of get it. It has a combat system that can be both fun and challenging - but if you don't get the hang of it, or *make the wrong choices* when levelling up, it may be on the ragequit end of challenging. (I never did, and to be fair - you can essentially try an infinite number of builds, because you can reset the xp placement) Story: The story is great, I thought - it has some wonderful twists and turns, and it drags you into the world. That said - if you don't like Vampires, or you have a strong pre-existing idea of what vampires are/should be, you may not like the worldbuilding. For me, it was great - and a fun different perspective that left me hungry to know more at the end. So great writing - and an opportunity for more games. Yay! I especially loved the doctor/healing london part of it - it really does solidify the feeling that you're roleplaying a doctor, someone who is out to heal, not kill. One discrepancy: for a no-kill run (which I did) I sure did kill a  lot of random "bad"-guys..The graphics are decent, but not mind-boggling. I played on PC and was rarely annoyed, so that's nice. A small glitch here and there with lighting being too sparkly? But nothing big. Controls/porting: From what I understand, you can move the camera around in conversations on console.. that would've been nice. As ports go, it's pretty good - I did have to experiment a little with the controls to make it work for fast response/combat - but I always do. Save-system: This is annoying. But on PC you can just make copies of your saves, if you wanna save-scum. (Or you know, enjoy the game your way and try different responses without having to restart, like you would and should be able to in an action-rpg today) Dying is no big deal here though, so that's nice. Never had to grind, and never got bored with the combat. Travel in-game: There is NO fast-travel. Which is like.. weird in this genre. It kind of works though - it forced me to actually learn the shortcuts and get into the city. Again - this is fun, it makes it feel like you're actually achieving something just by running around. You also get lots of ingredients/combat xp on the way - so that's nice. But there were times I definitely could have used fast-travel though. Even if it was just like a "jump really far" or "fly" or like, run super-fast ability type thing. Because forgetting something and running back - or constantyl returning to talk to characters after the story progressed took up more time than I'd like. Positives: Good story, captivating, challenging combat, good crafting system, (but ideally more of the weapons should be genuinely useful)  long play-time, lots of stroy details and things you can read/dive-into. Want to know more! Negatives: No fast-travel, auto-save only(circumventable).
kpt. Wodzionka	Not Recommended	12.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198011754760/	Really dissatisfied. There are some good things to it, the setting is really nice and I love the fact the game shows you all these human characters with backstories, clinging to their miserable lifes in epidemic-ridden london and lets you kill them by drinking their blood and gaining power from that; this is the best part of the game imo, that when you feed on ppl you fell as if you've just killed a human being. Unfortunately the game is linear like hell, and tne whole rich setting seems like a decoration rather than actual city. You got all this blocked alleys, closed gates etc, so there is very little space where you can actually go.  I have also experienced a mid-game plot twist that is kinda silly and lets to the most frustrating fight. This is a pity, cause the story up to this point was quite decent. Also, there's too much repetitive fighting; you get like 4 kinds of vampires and 4 kinds of vampire hunters, and you just keep grinding through crazy amounts of them. If this game was actually en open world, it could've been vey good.
Joido Noah	Recommended	88.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198027380781/	8/10It's really good game. Definitely best one since Bloodlines. Sadly it was simply overhyped by many people. However I firmly believe sequel with bigger budget and all experience they are gathering right now could be much better.
Fury	Recommended	110.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/NateFury/	 Very intriguing game with quite an ambitious narrative and genuinely interesting plot layout that emphasizes twists in many points of the game. The people at DontNod In my opinion, handled the vampire mythos and social hierarchy in a unique way which really does (if given the time to explore it) instill a sense of depth and meaning to the various characters you meet as you play.   Furthermore I would go out of my way to say that this game has 'hands-down' does the best job at making an interesting vampire. Doctor Jonathan Reid, a man of sience and rationality, has his perseption of reality utterly broken as he is forced into unlife, becoming a pawn in an immortal game without the feintist clue of what he is or who made him that way; all the while an epidemic is sweeping across London, threatening to bring to ruin everything that he had fought to protect.   That is an incredible premise to base a very deep and relatable protagonist on, and I have to say that narratively speaking Vampyr does not fail to provide us with a great main character with meaningful developement.  However, there are a couple problems.   Vampyr was marketed and developed and as a game that put an incredible amount of focus on player choice, as well as (little known fact) a game that prioritized giving you a 'movie-goer's' experience with its unique narrative. Whereas you'd be along for the ride on the Journey of newborn Ekon, Jonathon Reid as he traversed the catastrophy around him. This method of developement is contradictory as player choice & creativity leads to a lot of deviance in story and having an incredible focus on having a strong narrative that is revolving around the journey a character takes results in a lot of 'railroading' (i.e a liniar plot that you can follow from start to finish).  While following a course of events is important for narrative (especially for movies), it can be awkward to fit that into a game based around player choices without making the game free-form. The narrative in this case is slightly overbearing player choice, resulting in Vampyr having a few too many 'forced' situations that really made you feel as if your choices prior didnt have much of an impact.  Another minor issue with the game is, sadly modeling. While the setting of old london racked by disease looked incredible with the engine they used, their characters and their mannerisms didnt quite hold up. Characters lack the facial and body expression that their incredible voice actors portrayed while performing their lines, and their mannerisms often dont match their facial expression making them look awkward and kind of out of place in context of the situation they are in. That being said, let me reaffirm that this is a good game.  - The Narrative is incredibly intriguing and compelling, - The Voice acting is top notch, - Every important character is fleshed out thoroughly, - The combat is easy to understand and engaging,- Abilities, Crafting medicines and upgrading weapons is handled in a straight forward and fulfilling way,- Managing the health of a borough and being in control of its fate is incredibly rewarding,If that wasnt enough, the game is further brought to life by an absolutely brilliant soundtrack. All in all, Dontnod provided me with a pretty satisfying experience in playing this game through to the end (multiple times). I believe it only fell short because this game was invisioned in too big of a scope for their production capabilities to keep up with. They dared to venture and didn't do too bad! I hope that they choose to make a successor to this game and take all that they have learned from this game and apply it to their next one.  TL;DR 7/10 would play againNarrative: CompellingGameplay: GoodSetting/Atmosphere: GoodCharacter models: MehMusic/Soundtrack: Top notchOverall: Still a better love story than twilight.
Speedwagon-chan	Recommended	37.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198045186193/	Amazing game,some people expected some amazing AAA open world ultra mega giga whatever the flying ♥♥♥♥ kind of game.It is not one.But that doesn't mean it is not amazing. The game revolves around a couple of moral choices since you can kill any npc you see and the death of some npcs affect the district in various ways. The combat is,how do i put it,just think of the Withcher 3 okay? Awesome game,awesome story,awesome everything,except the combat is a bit simplistic.it is still fun and challengeing though so dont get thrown off by that. The map.I found it awful at first,since there are a lot of blocked paths.Thing is,they were blocked for a good reason at the time,so you cant just go explore advanced areas right away.It is a pain to navigate somehow,but it is beautifully made and not one path you take feels the same as the other ones. And the last thing,the story.Holy.Hell.i never played Life is Strange so i dont know what the praise it received was about.After playing this all i can say is,this guys can REALLY make a good story.The first 3 or 4 hours i played i kinda felt that maybe it was a mistake to buy the game,that it wasnt worth it.But then the story picked itself up and it turned to one of the most amazing games i have played this year.I really cant say anything about the great parts without spoiling it,but just trust me,amazing stuff.And that is all i have to say,this is actually the longest review i have ever written for a game,i applaud the devs of Vampyr and i eagerly wait for another masterpiece of theirs. 
Jigenzohan	Recommended	17.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/digbickdrick/	This is one of the best singleplayer games I've ever played. The void of lacking of games about vampires was filled by this gem. The story is top-notch. The gameplay is superb. The citizen management is great too. If you loved the Witcher 3, this is a must have.
enTwo	Not Recommended	27.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197997859729/	The combat control on mouse and keyboard for this game is absolute garbage, and you cannot avoid fighting all the time just to even move around the city there are constant respawns everywhere.  The control is a very poor port of console obviously.To make matters worse combat is very unforgiving, you don't get armour and for all the life upgrades you still can barely take 3 hits.  Levelling up in this game means a night passes and people's health gets worse and you need to heal them or risk the district being filled with monsters.Healing people means running around the city full of enemy spawns with garbage combat, trying to find such and such nobody you don't care about at all.If combat didn't suck, if there was fast travel, if leveling up didn't cause health to drop for people requiring you to run around the city endlessly to heal people, there are so many things not to like in this game.  I don't think I'd recommend this even at heavy discount.
DoomBlackDragon	Not Recommended	39.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/DoomBlackDragon/	Game is bad in many ways. The first way is the game has a huge difficaulty spike through many parts of the game. So you are will start off as a normal rpg. With enemies being your level. Then boom suddenly enemies are like 5 levels higher then you. The enemies are pretty basic in tatics as well. Just hit them a few times and jump back. This works on like 90% of the enemies.Problem here is enemies killed give you about 5 xp per kill. With the game quest system being no better. Giving you about 100 xp. Only real effective way beside just non stop grinding is to drink blood on the civs in 1 of the 4 districts. Yet this syster is also bad. As in combat you can stun a target and drink it blood. Drinking their blood drops their health in chunks but does not instant kill them. If you drink the blood of the civs you just instantly kill them. The game has a ton of weapons but all the good weapons are locked behind killing civs. Yet their no hint or clue what weapon you will get. You just have to guess or look up a guide to see who has what weapon. Which you will want to get the better weapons in this game. Prepare for a bad ending. Remember how I said enemies will suddenly jump in power? This does not happen just once but is a non stop event in the game. Pretty much forcing you to eat enough people to get a bad ending.Combat is boring and all enemies power spikes come down to is more health and more damage. No improve tatics or improve AI. No extra mechanics NPCs can do. They will play the same as the moment you saw them for the first time to the last hour of the game.SJW propagand is backed into the game. So one of the major start parts of the game is a rich millionare who wants to build a way to keep the sick/poor people away from the healthier parts of london. Who happens to looks somewhat like Trump. The game says this man is evil and if you turn him into a vampir the city will suffer. While killing him the city will prosper. ♥♥♥♥ing hell. I am really getting sick of poltics being put in everything now a days.
~NagZ~	Recommended	28.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/iraqimohammed/	Been playing this game non stop since its release lol .. the story is really interactive, and the choices u make feels solid. You are a doctor who was recently turned into a vampire (or vampyr i should say XD).. and u wanna know what caused that. As a doctor u must save/help ur patients, but at the same time they can be ur meal to hold ur hunger.In total, there are 4 regions for this game and each one has its own results if u took certain actions. What drives u to continue is the questions u want answered (as u are experiencing the character's point of view). However, dont assume that action and combat is the strong parts of this game. indeed the combat part feels lacking, but its not the main focus of it. Expect to have a lot of dialogs in this game. Im playing the game on Ultra settings and the game looks really nice. although i face a green screen whenever i launch the game and it requires me to change the resolution. Also, i wished that the main character movement is walking with a button to hold to sprint, but its just running with a button to hold and u sprint faster. Also, there arent travel points between the regions, but the world isnt large (its semi-open world). Although its a really nice game, i dont think its replayeble.. so its kinda a one time experience for me XD .. but the game has multiple endings based on ur choicesSo far, they have added a nice feature to the game that makes me want to get into it once again. i havent treid it yet, but the story mode they added really sounds interesting. some of the fighting that was in the game was repetitive, and to a point easy as well.. but with this, i can give it another play through!
Bombochka	Not Recommended	7.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198130580069/	I regret buying it in a preorder. Mechanic of the game is very outdated and boring. Graphics is OK but could be better much better. Fighting is very boring and uncomfortable. Missions are very straight forward and you can not access the location by passing the guards in invisible power mood and open them, you have to fight them before passing through... Like no interest in bering clever here just pure fighting game with an idea of a quest.
Tintor	Recommended	9.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Tintor/	Camera and controlls are a bit wonky, but you can get used to them. Story is decent and game forces you to make choices since you gain a lot of exp for killing civilians, but then whos left to save afterwards?
IamIamI	Not Recommended	8.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/--IamIamI--/	Owhkee, so this game's marketing has a +10 in obfuscation... i.e. it's not completely genuineFirst off, the game looks pretty slick... nice setting great attention to detail... but!It's not worth full retail price in my opinion... let me just break it downCons:- The fighting is terrible, slow, often not properly connecting blows, upgrading skills doesn't do much in sense of removing this problem- Enemies are very generic and repetative, at some point even boses are re-used as regular enemies... that's cutting corners- It's sold as an RPG, and yeah there are some skills you can unlock, but there are absolutely no RPG elements apart from some minor skill tree things and a bit of an upgrade system to your weapons- The uncanny valley of CGI is defintely present in this game... the characters either look very realistic, or very hollow/robotic- There is soooo much dialog that some stories become confusing. The dialog itself also feel so liniar that there is hardly any point in listening to it all anymore. click all the dialog options, get misison, finish mission, click remaining dialog options. Untop of that there are some bits where the dialog can be activated before it should, in the beginning i told a barmade about Tom the barman, without Tom being introduced to the story yet.- The game doesn't mix the two elements well, it's either a dialog explorer or a brawler, and they are very much seperated by having each in a seperate area, making it feel very boxed off and linear. - Bosses aren't more difficult because of interesting move-sets but instead just seem to be buffed with more health and higher dmg... making the fight very repetative- Enemies always respawn on the same spot... in 2018 that is kinda too cliche to still be a thingPro's:- Athmosphere is truly amazing- Dialog can get very intersting and immersive- You can eat rats :P- It feels like a homage to the original Dark Omen: Legacy of Kain and Vampire the Masquerade games- Very cuwl cinematography, the cutscenes are very interesting, and camera work is great- Finally a vampire game againTake it for what you will... i got bored with the game pretty quickly because of the repetative nature of the gameplay... even Vampire the Masquerade games weren't this repetative... If i had bought it on Steam i would have probably tried to get a refund. Buy this game when it's 50% off
Homeless.	Recommended	50.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/drvojek/	Excellent story driven action game with minor rpg elements, incredible atmosphere and rich detailed world...
The Eternal Vanguard	Recommended	21.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/EternalVanguard/	Solid game. Doesn't allow for very much roleplaying however, because your choices don't affect the world past how many enemies you'll find in certain areas, if you're expecting an immersive RPG game, you're going to be disappointed, but if you want to beat up vampire hunters and drink people's blood because it's cool, you'll have fun playing it.PS: The tragedy of vampire RPGs is that they'll all be compared to VTMB, and will inevitably look garbgae in comparison; which is a shame because I want to see a lot more of them.
Tintor	Recommended	9.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Tintor/	Camera and controlls are a bit wonky, but you can get used to them. Story is decent and game forces you to make choices since you gain a lot of exp for killing civilians, but then whos left to save afterwards?
Eremus007	Recommended	18.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Eremus007/	[SPOILER FREE!]First of all: I loved this game and that's why I am closing with some things that could give this game a lot more replayability.To be blunt: the story had me hooked the entire time, the feeding mechanics are the most unique thing I've ever seen and the (somewhat clunky -who cares?-) combat can absolutely be mastered.the protagonist is very unique: a doctor turned vampire, someone struggling with their dual nature.A must have for any vampire loving gamer.Now to the improvable factor/flaw:1. After completing the story and beating the final boss, you get transported to a place outside of the London you got accustomed to (for the entire game) and then you are stuck there...Any unfinished bussiness can't be continued without starting a whole new game! That is not in todays standards!Please let me go back to london with all the powers I worked 18 hours for to get them this strong and let me go back to a city in harmony / agony that I myself shaped that way. Now it has ended so abruptly I feel even more empty now it feels like I've completed the story for nothing.This could be fixed by three things:A New Game+ mode: like the one in Dishonored 2, where one can restart a harder campaign with all their powers. (goes a little bit against the "self setting" difficulty in the game).Revert / go back to the London you left after the ending so I can immersify myself by roleplaying as a vampire doctor for a bit longer... (this is something I hope for and it makes the most sense).Add a chapter selection menu, but make sure that dead NPC's carry over (again, very unlikely with the way this game is built, but it is a fix to this main problem nontheless).I hope that this problem could be fixed so I can enjoy this game a little longer...Anyway, I LOVED this game and if you got the money and like a strong singleplayer experience, then you should definately pick this up, it is worth a bang for your buck.-Eremus 
Wednesday Of The 3-4 Marines	Recommended	12.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Sander9011/	In my opinion, this game is an unforgettable experience, however, it sadly falls short in terms of content. This is the sort of game that you pick up on sale, and it provides you an experience very hard to forget, yet it sadly does not last long enough.
Linuky	Recommended	32.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Linuky/	I really liked Vampyr.Its setting, music, atmosphere are dark and well crafted and the approach to vampire lore, origins and politics are really well translated to a more "modern" take. Though there are some things you should expect when buying it:This game is mostly dialogue driven, you'll talk a lot. And by a lot, I mean it. Most conversations don't revolve around the main plot, but add to the atmosphere of the game. Your desicions matter and you don't know the outcome of them if you haven't seen any walkthrough or Let's Play. And they may not even turn out the way you think they would.The combat mechanics are standard Action RPG, I'd say. Nothing out of the ordinary and easy to learn.Then again, I like it when I can talk to NPCs and learn about them, their own stories and backgrounds.Biggest plus for me was graphics, setting and music worked so well together.Biggest minus was the use of the Raleway font in dialogues. It really bothered me somehow.Had fun, would recommend it.
Deyanire	Recommended	13.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/deyanire/	I've not played long, but my first thoughts are positive. I like the atmosphere of the game and the storyline seems to be interesting - wonder where it goes.Playing this game somehow gave me the feeling of RPG nostalgy - it reminded me of some good old titles I used to play when I was younger. And that's a plus to me.I must admit that the animation and some elements of the graphic design could be much better, however the game itself is doing just fine with this whole vampyric setting of the universe. The other things that bugs me that the game somehow is leading the player by the hand and is quite tunneled - I hope this is just on the beggining and with the time it will develope more independency for the player.Good that the devs added the storyline mode - I'm not so hardcore player so this is great help.First impression is definitively positive and I think I can recommend the game on that stage.
Grey	Recommended	21.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198071946206/	I like it. It's not great but it's far from bad. The current score of 70% is pretty fair. More then middling but not particularly great.The biggest plus for me is that all the NPCs () are connected to eachother and you must figure out stuff about their personalities and relationships to get them to trust you. Also all non enemy NPCs have a name and are fleshed out which is very good. Even fi it's a bit cheapened by the mass fodder of nameless enemies you cut through.The combat is pretty average, I like the shadow abilities (Remind me of Lasombra from Vampire: The Masquerade) but honestly it's not that engaging. There is also the choice between choosing to feed and get xp or let innocents live. Which is an interesting decision, playing through it without killing I'm a fair bit underleveled and havea  tough time against bosses so there is a real temptation to kill innocents and become strong. A doctor who's a vampire and so has to heal people while also drinking blood makes for an interesting story hook though the pacing of the actual story isn't that good. It still has some very interesting moral choices and characters. Still early in it however.
>Norden<	Recommended	37.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198005746061/	First of all, I'm a huge fan of the "Vampire: The Masquerade"-Series and I looked for this game to be an heir of it.But it isn't. That is not a bad thing though. It delivers a vampire world of its own, with an interesting story, character development system and combat system.While the combat system can get tiresome over time, respawning enemies, I really liked the mainplot and the supporting characters.I would recommend this game.
Strigoi	Recommended	35.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/strigoimare/	Vampyr is a flawed gem. It is a moddy game, with good visuals (and great at some points, drab at others) and a decent combat system, that can be as easy or difficult as you want. If you choose to give in to your vampire side, the game becomes much easier, because you gain greater access to vampire powers, which in extreme cases can trivialize the combat segments.The story starts strong, but was ultimately unsatisfying and somewhat cliché. It could have been much, much more. But, it is a good vampire tale, and a worthy game to your collection if you can overlook its flaws.
Angelicus	Not Recommended	24.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/tnkangelicus/	So yeah i finished the game and cant recommend it really. If you want to play it, wait for at least a 50% deal.To give this a short review. You simply have two choices when playing this game1. not killing innocent people for the extra boost of EXP, and make this game harder and add a lot of grinding.+ Is that you will get the good ending2. killing innocent people for that extra EXP and make the game abit easier.+ Get the bad ending.If you want a good Vampire game, go look at making Vamipire Masqurade working. That is a good vampire game, and is a game this game should have been looking at.And now for why i dont recommend this game:----------------------------------------If you decide to go more "evil" then i did. Then i would recomend to still not kill more than 2 "innocent NPC"s in each zone. If you kill more than it will corrupt the zone to much. Unless thats what you want to do.I went fully good so i got no extra exp and had to go with quests and gridning."Whats wrong with that? You still level and get stronger, it only takes longer time"well, i guess you are right, but there are only a few quests to do to get a bigger EXP boost. But after that you can only grind by killing vampire hunters and vampires. And regardless of the enemies level (higher or lower than you) you get the same 5 exp per enemy. So yeah, a lot of grinding.The "innocent NPC" have some background stories you can learn more about them, and they give you some minor side quests. But interacting with them is more annoying then annything, unless you like very long conversations that have no impact on the story.The only way to spend exp is to sleep, but when you sleep, "time goes forward". Well, not really. It says "the next day". But it has no impact on story or anything like that. All it does is making the "innocent npc" get sick, then you have the choice to either go to each zone and finding the NPC that are sick and giving them medicin, or leaving them alone. Then the next time you "level upp" they get healthy if you gave them medicin or sicker. And the sicker they get, the worse the status for that zone gets. And if the zone is too bad it will be overrun by baddies.Because it is very annoying to run around and keep them healthy, i "leveled" 3 times.And the end boss was a real dissapointment, the last boss is far easier than some of the enemies you fight. I think i even had more problem with the first boss than the last boss.And as an endning :This game could have been really nice if they took a page from vampire masqurade (or however its spelled). Making the game more about the story than the combat.This is just a pretty mess of a vampire story with gridning and enemies that can be really difficult if you are playing as the nice guy.---------------oh yeah, some people say that its similar to Dark souls. And i guess i can see it, except you have to remove most of what makes Dark Souls... The enemies can be annoying, but most of the time you can just button mash them to death. And if you die, you just respawn at the beginning of the "zone" without really loosing anything and all enemies respawn. I used this tactic for grinding :: Kill everything except the last group of enemies in a heavy pop-zone, then get killed and "reset" the zone. And go at them again.
ZaraLaFey	Recommended	45.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198032164672/	Didn't expect much from this game, but when I started playing it I fell in love with the story. Story is beautifully written and all character as unique and memorable. The only improvements I would like to see are improvements to combat system (needs ability to sneak, also some of the attacks feel clunky) and needs fast travel (maybe between safe houses) as it was a pain to run back and forward to heal people.Definately recommend.
TheChef779	Recommended	25.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Thechef779/	Skip to paragraph 2 for a big game disclaimer (not really a spoiler) and skip to bottom for pros/cons and tl:dr.This is a great game.  I had been following this game over the past year or so ever since I first learned about it. It kept getting delayed but I'd say it was for sure worth the wait.  It's a very polished AA title and is more or less a true RPG with choices to be made that will affect the outcome of the game.  There is no save-slotting like you'd find in Skyrim so that means there is no going back - the point of the game is very much to make you think hard about the narrative and the decisions you are forced to make becasue there is no going back.  THIS IS IMPORTANT AND SOMETHING I WISH I KNEW - IF THERE IS ONE THING YOU  TAKE AWAY FROM THIS REVIEW, PLEASE READ THIS: The game features 4 regions - each of which has a "District Health" status of 0 - 100 percent.  The health of the district is based on your actions (healing people who are afflicted with various illnesses, killing people, etc.). Now for the part I wish I knew: If a district's health drops below 50% then everyone dies or goes missing and the district is lost and NOT recoverable.  Be extremely cautious about killing any of the NPC characters because it doesn't take much to drop a district below that 50% mark and lose everything.  I was looking forward to doing a chaos playthrough - killing the citizens one by one as I learned how they were connected so that I could see how each death affected others.  I ended up losing one of the districts after only killing 2 players so be very careful.  There is plenty of combat against non-vital NPC's so you can still get your combat fix there - but as far as embracing peaceful NPC's as the vampire you are - be extremely careful.Pros:+Great graphics+Great RPG elements+Combat is satisfying+Story is gripping+Character progression is rewarding and the whole system makes you feel like a real vampire - you don't inherently want to kill innocent people but you must do it to level up (just like Vampires don't want to kill but they have to to survive).Cons-My main con is this: while cause and effect in this action RPG is very prevalent - it is extremely difficult to predict the effect that your actions will have on the game world and more specifically the district's health.  This has been a very common complaint I've read online - particularly if you're looking to do a "good guy" playthrough.  It appears that almost any action you take will severely decrease the district's health which could mean losing that district entirely.  In one district, I killed an important person who was doing lots of good for the district and the district was lost - that makes sense.  Having "learned my lesson", in the next district I spared the life of a similarly important person who was also doing good and I still dropped 20+% points and nearly lost the district anyways.  So whether I killed or saved an important person doing "good" for the region, I still lost the region or came within inches of losing it.  I don't expect the dialogue choices/action choices to be black and white indicating "this will help/hurt the district".  But some work needs to be done on how your actions shape a district.  Killing an NPC that admits to being a cold-blooded murder and menace to society shouldn't lower that districts health (yes, that happens with one of the characters should you choose to kill them) - it should raise it.  Putting an end to a murderer should positively affect a district - this is a no-brainer - but it doesn't.  Basically anyone you kill seems to lower the district's health and that shouldn't be the case.-Healing sick NPC's was rewarding at first but got a little repetitive as the frequency of citizens getting sick was high.-Minor bugs here or there but that's expected from a AA titletl:dr: Great, immersive RGP with a gripping story.  However, the game needs some work as far as how it handles your actions and the effect they have on the area.  I highly recommend looking up a "x things we wish we knew before playing Vampyr" video online before playing.
Annie Jump Cannon	Recommended	24.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198092563412/	Although it's not perfect, it's a dam good game.  One of the greatest vampire games ever.
Richter.FJR2	Recommended	22.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Rithal/	Dialogue heavy and story driven. It also has fairly challenging combat. It's a solid game a good buy during a sale.
Encourage	Not Recommended	36.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/encourage/	This game was a huge disapointment.The game has lock on melee style combat with dodge/parry mechanics like Dark Souls, Nioh, Blood Borne, and tons of other games, but it just isn't done as well as that kind of combat has been done before by pretty much everyone thats tried to do it. Certain bugs or poor coding make the most basic ghoul enemy more challenging then any of the bosses to fight. I've been eating up Dark Souls style combat ever since I was first exposed to it in Legacy of Kain games, and I got really bored of the combat in this game.This is a game where all the choices you make shape and change the game world. Your choices definitely change the game world, but the way they describe your choices is totally incompotent. You click and option that says "charm" with an important story character and instead of charming them what happens is you kill them, throw their whole district into chaos, increase merchant prices, and deny yourself recipes you need later in the game. And because the game autosaves everything you do, there is no way to go back and your whole playthrough is kind of ruined.I love what this game is trying to be: a vampire Souls-like with a great story where choices matter, but the incompotent writing and buggy, tedious combat ruin it for me. You also need to go through a LOT of dialogue and sort of pay attention. The dialogue is done pretty well but collecting informations get tedius before too long.I ultimately requested a refund because the combat and story choices were just so bad.Oh, and there is a little bit of SJW pandering. The main character gets super judgemental and scolds an old veteran for using a gun to defend himself from a young man trying to steal his medication, after slashing his way through 20-50 vampire hunters he could probably have avoided. They act like a private citizen defending himself with a gun is more offensive than the 100s of wholesale murders that go on during the game.
TwistedOfficial	Recommended	26.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198057647960/	A fantastic game but with major flaws that make you want to hurt someone,The plot, characters and overall story is a masterpiece, written by experts, and the gameplay in and of itself is very good in my opinion... However the game is bugged as hell, and sometimes you'll get ♥♥♥♥ed and annoyed because of it. Some things in the character side stories don't feel completed which is so ♥♥♥♥ing frustrating. The endings feel a bit forced and also not fitting to the playstyle you chose always. Sometimes important desicions is ♥♥♥♥ed because you might easily misunderstand what's going to happend because of certain choices because the action you take is not really what it says. I love how the game punishes you for things you think may be right but aren't, but at the same time it feels dumb as hell when you try to do some good and get ♥♥♥♥ed because it's not clear what you are doing. The lore, setting and collectables is amazing too btw.Also would like to mention that the traveling around is pretty ♥♥♥♥ing boring for an open world game, not much to explore and wonder at, but instead it's just hacking and slashing your way from one place to another and back. Annoying.Overall the game is a 9/10. It's amazing but should've had some more time for improvements to fix bugs, stupid dialogue, make better texting for the game and maybe fix some of the characters up a litte.
Conker The Cat	Recommended	29.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ConkerTheCat/	This game has great gameplay, and a very good story. Loved it. Its a game with a bit of a challenge and tons of characters that feel very real.
Giaddon	Recommended	26.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197984820498/	An engrossing RPG in the tradition of Fallout, Bloodlines, and Alpha Protocol: bucking the fantasy trend and delivering a unique, well-realized and engaging world.
SanDiegoDude	Not Recommended	36.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/sandiegodude/	I'm sorry, I can't recommend this game to others. The story is actually pretty good, and if you're into slow plodding RPGs where you need to chase down clues, interview people multiple times and learn the NPCs around you, then this is the type of game that is right down your alley.... The problem is the awful, awful awful combat. Jonathan, your character, gimps around like he's drunk, and you'll find yourself fighting the camera constantly. The lock on system (which is the developer's lazy way to try to combat their terrible camera and combat system) is often times more a hinderance than a help. Got 3 baddies standing in a group and you want to target the worst one to use an ultimate on?... well, good luck, the targeting system will ONLY choose the closest target. Want to lock on so you'll actually shoot an enemy (rather than just shooting your gun or ability into empty space)? Well good luck trying to dodge any counter attacks, because you're stuck to that enemy and you can't turn or move away when the lock is on.  Combat is so bad it turns this game into a chore. After almost 13 hours, I just can't take the bad combat system over the good RPG elements any longer. If I could refund this game, I would, as I have zero interest in dealing with the awful combat to advance the story any further... With that said, I'm going to finish the game (I payed 50 bucks for it after all), so I guess I'll just stomach the bad combat and hopefully the payoff of good story will make up for all the trouble.edit - Okay, I just muscled through the rest of the game. The combat situation does not get better, but at least at some point it levels off. The story is entertaining and does pull you in, and at the end of the day is almost worth the hassle of the awful of the combat. aaaaalmost.
Scryer_569	Recommended	16.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198311367523/	If you're looking for a super fast paced game, don't get this. There's a metric butt tonne of dialogue, but the majority of it is interesting so far. The "Open world" isn't as large as I expected it to be but that seems to work in Vampyr's favor as there's no fast travel of any kind. ultimately the gameplay is solid, the combat is a lot of the same stuff and a little clunky but the enemies are powerful and it you can't just tank everything to the face. The story interests me greatly, and the morality choices actually matter. I practically doomed an entire district to the Skal, simply by making a choice that I thought was the good one. Overall I'd give this a 7.5-8 out of 10, graphics are fantastic and the rain effects are great, and the sound design is amazing. I'd say it's worth the price.
TommYWaffleZ	Recommended	8.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198008039268/	This game really is great, I'm having a blast with it, even though I'm only 5 hours in. Pros:-Music is amazing and fits the game so well, very dark and Victorian at times and it goes so well with the atmosphere-Which brings me onto the atmosphere, which is dark, gritty and violent. Perfect for this game-Citizen mechanic is a great idea and is done well, instead of knowing NPC's off the bat, you have to find out information on them all and learn their story-Graphics are nice, theyre sort of a mix between Dishonored and Life is Strange. They have that watercolour texture thing going in, which I really like-Story is great so far and there is a lot of dialogue, again, I like this but others may not-Seems to be optimized well, runs fine, no crashes or bugs of any kind in my 5 hours of playing-Vampyr plays a lot like Life is Strange, which is a huge positive in my book, every NPC feels individual, just like how they are in LiS or The Witcher 3, but they are given a whole lot more work in Vampyr. Choices also matter depending on your playstyle-Which is another pro, as you're a doctor and also a vampire, you're torn bwtween the hippocratic oath and the thirst for blood you have, giving you two playstyles. Nice or evil. Now, I don't know this for certain but I am pretty sure you can kill just about any NPC in the game, main ones too, by drinking their blood, this gives you a huge XP boost which you can use to level up your skills, but not being evil and killing everyone is also rewarding, you get more missions to complete but it may make combat slightly harder as you wont have the huge XP boosts you get from drinking from NPC's Improvments I'd like to see:-The combat, whilst I dont hate it or love it, is okay. It could definitley be better, say, more like Bloodborne or the combat from the Arkham series but I do enjoy it, just a better fluid, flow would make it perfect. It can be quite clunky at times and the camera can screw up too. That being said, this game is focused much more on story and dialogue, which I have no issues with-Sometimes the dialogue is a bit odd. You get multiple dialogue options with NPC's and sometimes these can lead to the same response as what you have just got, albeit worded in a different way. Same goes for when Johnathan asks a question, you can essentially have the same question (worded differently) as two seperate dialogue options then you're sat there like "wait, that guy has told me this twice before" or "wait, Johnathan literally just asked this before and still acts like he has no idea whats going on"-I would have liked to seen more customization options for Johnathan but there dont seem to be any. I assumed that you could buy/change outfits that grant you perks or something, as the game came with the dark physician outfit, but there is no option that i've seen to change my outfit back to the default. I approached a locker in Pembroke, got a loading screen and I had the DLC outfit on with no option to change back to the default suit-Store vendors seems pointless, you can find Shillings (currency in game) and then buy things like crafting items or ammo, depending on the vendor, but looting chests around London seems a much more efficient way of gathering items. Vendors don't really have much to sell either. Take Milton for example, he only has 2 bullets available for sale???Overall though, this game is definitley worth a buy. If you're looking for game like Vampire the Masquerade, well, this is not it. It's not as RPG like as those games are. This is it's own game and it's bloody amazing.
Talrain	Recommended	22.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Dave2/	This game is absolutely fantastic and is highly recommended. I got it when it came out and I haven't been able to put it down. The music and voice acting is brilliant and I would say spot on. I loved the investigative nature of the game, trying to find hints to unlock dialogue options. I beat the game taking an evil route. Basically I unlocked all the hints for all the characters in a district (unlocking hints boosts the XP gain you get from feeding on them) and then I would feed on the entire district. I beat the game clocking in around 23 hours of played time, I would say about an hour of that was AFK time. The combat did take some getting used to but I had no issues playing with a keyboard and mouse. As far as performance goes and tweaks: I did unlock the frame rate and was able to run the game capped at my monitors refresh rate (100hz @ 3440x1440 resolution). I am running a Titan Xp on a i7 7820X @ 4.5GHz.
󠀡 A.Z.	Recommended	67.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198021613237/	Definitely one of the best Vampire games to come out in a while. I would list down everything I've been loving so far but I think that would spoil too much of what makes this game awesome for me, honestly. All you gotta know is that if you like Vampire games and want one that's really well voiced with good dialogue, easily masterable combat and intricate systems of managing your humanity against you're vampiric nature, then this is the game for you.
Scryer_569	Recommended	16.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198311367523/	If you're looking for a super fast paced game, don't get this. There's a metric butt tonne of dialogue, but the majority of it is interesting so far. The "Open world" isn't as large as I expected it to be but that seems to work in Vampyr's favor as there's no fast travel of any kind. ultimately the gameplay is solid, the combat is a lot of the same stuff and a little clunky but the enemies are powerful and it you can't just tank everything to the face. The story interests me greatly, and the morality choices actually matter. I practically doomed an entire district to the Skal, simply by making a choice that I thought was the good one. Overall I'd give this a 7.5-8 out of 10, graphics are fantastic and the rain effects are great, and the sound design is amazing. I'd say it's worth the price.
TommYWaffleZ	Recommended	8.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198008039268/	This game really is great, I'm having a blast with it, even though I'm only 5 hours in. Pros:-Music is amazing and fits the game so well, very dark and Victorian at times and it goes so well with the atmosphere-Which brings me onto the atmosphere, which is dark, gritty and violent. Perfect for this game-Citizen mechanic is a great idea and is done well, instead of knowing NPC's off the bat, you have to find out information on them all and learn their story-Graphics are nice, theyre sort of a mix between Dishonored and Life is Strange. They have that watercolour texture thing going in, which I really like-Story is great so far and there is a lot of dialogue, again, I like this but others may not-Seems to be optimized well, runs fine, no crashes or bugs of any kind in my 5 hours of playing-Vampyr plays a lot like Life is Strange, which is a huge positive in my book, every NPC feels individual, just like how they are in LiS or The Witcher 3, but they are given a whole lot more work in Vampyr. Choices also matter depending on your playstyle-Which is another pro, as you're a doctor and also a vampire, you're torn bwtween the hippocratic oath and the thirst for blood you have, giving you two playstyles. Nice or evil. Now, I don't know this for certain but I am pretty sure you can kill just about any NPC in the game, main ones too, by drinking their blood, this gives you a huge XP boost which you can use to level up your skills, but not being evil and killing everyone is also rewarding, you get more missions to complete but it may make combat slightly harder as you wont have the huge XP boosts you get from drinking from NPC's Improvments I'd like to see:-The combat, whilst I dont hate it or love it, is okay. It could definitley be better, say, more like Bloodborne or the combat from the Arkham series but I do enjoy it, just a better fluid, flow would make it perfect. It can be quite clunky at times and the camera can screw up too. That being said, this game is focused much more on story and dialogue, which I have no issues with-Sometimes the dialogue is a bit odd. You get multiple dialogue options with NPC's and sometimes these can lead to the same response as what you have just got, albeit worded in a different way. Same goes for when Johnathan asks a question, you can essentially have the same question (worded differently) as two seperate dialogue options then you're sat there like "wait, that guy has told me this twice before" or "wait, Johnathan literally just asked this before and still acts like he has no idea whats going on"-I would have liked to seen more customization options for Johnathan but there dont seem to be any. I assumed that you could buy/change outfits that grant you perks or something, as the game came with the dark physician outfit, but there is no option that i've seen to change my outfit back to the default. I approached a locker in Pembroke, got a loading screen and I had the DLC outfit on with no option to change back to the default suit-Store vendors seems pointless, you can find Shillings (currency in game) and then buy things like crafting items or ammo, depending on the vendor, but looting chests around London seems a much more efficient way of gathering items. Vendors don't really have much to sell either. Take Milton for example, he only has 2 bullets available for sale???Overall though, this game is definitley worth a buy. If you're looking for game like Vampire the Masquerade, well, this is not it. It's not as RPG like as those games are. This is it's own game and it's bloody amazing.
Ser Slojanko - The Third	Recommended	21.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Slojanko/	I honestly like the game. The world is Atmospheric, the characters interesting and the District health system poses a unique challange. If there was one flaw I would feel the need to point out is how the character models look like something out of a game from 2010. I'd also really like to be able to see my characters face in Dialogue. Not the back of their head, but that doesn't really affect my score. 7/10
Rvo	Recommended	15.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Nukiee/	Pretty good game. A lot of dialogs which i really like.There is not many options you can choose between the dialogs which affects the game sadly.Cool graphics and the setting is pretty neat. So i can really recommend it for what it is!So it's worth buying it, but please inform your self a bit before do so.INFO: For people with a 144hz monitor. Here is how you can unlock the 62 fps lock!Go to:"C:\Users\[Username]\AppData\Local\AVGame\Saved\Config\WindowsNoEditor\GameUserSettings.ini"Change FrameRateLimit=0.000000 to 144.000000
lil ugly mane	Recommended	8.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/miamari/	Alot of sucking necks, alot of talking, alot of crafting and alot of rat eating. Pretty slow paced and you gotta pay attention to characters and their needs or else you are going to be evil. WILL UPDATE LATER I JUST WANNA GET THIS GAME A HIGHER SCORE CAUSE IT DOESNT DESERVE TO BE MIXED
TallDarkandSarcastic	Recommended	3.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198257092729/	Note this is a first impressions review, This game feels like it's been made by two teams each with a very different Idea of what to make; Team A are the roleplayers who understand atmosphere and how to create a worldTeam B are the murderhobo blood spear wooo dicerolling playersThe game itself is kinda meh, Its atmospheric and has a wonderful soundtrack, Seriously I cannot sell the soundtrack enough, yet the actual gameplay and combat just completely takes you out of the game and it ruins what would be a far better experience. All in all;Not worth the 50 price tag, Buy on sale
Kerillian Wutelgi	Recommended	30.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197963555405/	Been playing this non-stop for about 10 hours since the game got released. I usually am never able to do that unless i am sitting with a game that is good. The main reasons to play it are the story / narrative & mechanics (side quests, fleshed out NPCs that feel like real people, the main quest).The combat:Its deep. You can customize quite a lot to suit your playstyle. For example do you like to counter-attack your oponents (like in prince of persia)? Use the 2h weapon as it allows you to parry. Do you like to leech mana (blood) from your enemies to fuel your spells? Theres a weapon that gives mana on hit. Do you want abilities that do insane damage or would you rather have exceptionally strong health regen abilities? You can specialize in either of those two ways with the skill upgrade tree. The choice is yours, you can build your character so combat plays like you want it to. You must specialize however or accept to be a jack-of-all-trades (unless kill everybody and have ridiculous amounts of XP).Another thing to add is that all enemies have different attack patterns which forces you to be mindful of them and you cant just spam the same strategy for all of them (unless you are super powerful and have a lot of XP from killed civilians).Lastly, there is a stamina system so you cannot just button mash. If you do that you will run out of stamina eventually and enemies will be able to hit you. Its a bit like witcher 2 and 3 in that sense. I think this is a great thing about the game.Difficulty:In my opinion the difficulty of the game is just right or slightly too hard. I am about 75% through the game and i have died many times to enemies and bosses. At one point i was so frustrated with a particular that i wanted to smash my keyboard, but after 5 tries i finally killed it. I am a casual gamer and i do not do well with "hardcore" games. I usually play single player games for their story and i pick the easiest difficulty. If you are anything other than a casual gamer, you may find the difficulty to be to your liking because the game is not a walk in the park.I should note that i have only killed 1 person so far, and i am near the end of the game. At one point in the main quest i was fighting enemies 10 levels above me and some of them were able to kill me in just 2 hits. It was difficult to progress so i had to do some side quests for a bit just to level up more.Negatives:- The map is unintuitive and i personally found it very annoying to use.- Target switching in combat does currently not seem to be working. Hopefully it will be fixed soon. Of course the game is not perfect, and it probably has more flaws than those i listed, however these are the ones that bothered me the most. I would say though, if you can look past the flaws, you will have a great game on your hand.
sundog1	Recommended	60.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197982494901/	Its a little unpolished and random at times but its a lot of fun, especially if you like history and horror...Unfortunately it got a lot of unfair hate as usual. People, especially Social Media games journalists...or self appointed *Critics* will never ever be satisfied with anything these days unless its GTA, a Blizzard title or some FPS/co-op *trendy*game. My advice don't listen to them.Admittedly its an Indie Game with an AAA pricetag, I'd probably wait for a sale if you are unsure and then lose yourself in the story, like a good horror novel or film. I thoroughly enjoyed it personally. It could also be improved by adding a save/load feature maybe after you finish a playthrough...Replayability is a bit stunted if you can't save/reload after making a mistake, if you want that perfect second playthrough.
Encourage	Not Recommended	36.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/encourage/	This game was a huge disapointment.The game has lock on melee style combat with dodge/parry mechanics like Dark Souls, Nioh, Blood Borne, and tons of other games, but it just isn't done as well as that kind of combat has been done before by pretty much everyone thats tried to do it. Certain bugs or poor coding make the most basic ghoul enemy more challenging then any of the bosses to fight. I've been eating up Dark Souls style combat ever since I was first exposed to it in Legacy of Kain games, and I got really bored of the combat in this game.This is a game where all the choices you make shape and change the game world. Your choices definitely change the game world, but the way they describe your choices is totally incompotent. You click and option that says "charm" with an important story character and instead of charming them what happens is you kill them, throw their whole district into chaos, increase merchant prices, and deny yourself recipes you need later in the game. And because the game autosaves everything you do, there is no way to go back and your whole playthrough is kind of ruined.I love what this game is trying to be: a vampire Souls-like with a great story where choices matter, but the incompotent writing and buggy, tedious combat ruin it for me. You also need to go through a LOT of dialogue and sort of pay attention. The dialogue is done pretty well but collecting informations get tedius before too long.I ultimately requested a refund because the combat and story choices were just so bad.Oh, and there is a little bit of SJW pandering. The main character gets super judgemental and scolds an old veteran for using a gun to defend himself from a young man trying to steal his medication, after slashing his way through 20-50 vampire hunters he could probably have avoided. They act like a private citizen defending himself with a gun is more offensive than the 100s of wholesale murders that go on during the game.
Talrain	Recommended	22.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Dave2/	This game is absolutely fantastic and is highly recommended. I got it when it came out and I haven't been able to put it down. The music and voice acting is brilliant and I would say spot on. I loved the investigative nature of the game, trying to find hints to unlock dialogue options. I beat the game taking an evil route. Basically I unlocked all the hints for all the characters in a district (unlocking hints boosts the XP gain you get from feeding on them) and then I would feed on the entire district. I beat the game clocking in around 23 hours of played time, I would say about an hour of that was AFK time. The combat did take some getting used to but I had no issues playing with a keyboard and mouse. As far as performance goes and tweaks: I did unlock the frame rate and was able to run the game capped at my monitors refresh rate (100hz @ 3440x1440 resolution). I am running a Titan Xp on a i7 7820X @ 4.5GHz.
Richter.FJR2	Recommended	22.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Rithal/	Dialogue heavy and story driven. It also has fairly challenging combat. It's a solid game a good buy during a sale.
TheChef779	Recommended	25.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Thechef779/	Skip to paragraph 2 for a big game disclaimer (not really a spoiler) and skip to bottom for pros/cons and tl:dr.This is a great game.  I had been following this game over the past year or so ever since I first learned about it. It kept getting delayed but I'd say it was for sure worth the wait.  It's a very polished AA title and is more or less a true RPG with choices to be made that will affect the outcome of the game.  There is no save-slotting like you'd find in Skyrim so that means there is no going back - the point of the game is very much to make you think hard about the narrative and the decisions you are forced to make becasue there is no going back.  THIS IS IMPORTANT AND SOMETHING I WISH I KNEW - IF THERE IS ONE THING YOU  TAKE AWAY FROM THIS REVIEW, PLEASE READ THIS: The game features 4 regions - each of which has a "District Health" status of 0 - 100 percent.  The health of the district is based on your actions (healing people who are afflicted with various illnesses, killing people, etc.). Now for the part I wish I knew: If a district's health drops below 50% then everyone dies or goes missing and the district is lost and NOT recoverable.  Be extremely cautious about killing any of the NPC characters because it doesn't take much to drop a district below that 50% mark and lose everything.  I was looking forward to doing a chaos playthrough - killing the citizens one by one as I learned how they were connected so that I could see how each death affected others.  I ended up losing one of the districts after only killing 2 players so be very careful.  There is plenty of combat against non-vital NPC's so you can still get your combat fix there - but as far as embracing peaceful NPC's as the vampire you are - be extremely careful.Pros:+Great graphics+Great RPG elements+Combat is satisfying+Story is gripping+Character progression is rewarding and the whole system makes you feel like a real vampire - you don't inherently want to kill innocent people but you must do it to level up (just like Vampires don't want to kill but they have to to survive).Cons-My main con is this: while cause and effect in this action RPG is very prevalent - it is extremely difficult to predict the effect that your actions will have on the game world and more specifically the district's health.  This has been a very common complaint I've read online - particularly if you're looking to do a "good guy" playthrough.  It appears that almost any action you take will severely decrease the district's health which could mean losing that district entirely.  In one district, I killed an important person who was doing lots of good for the district and the district was lost - that makes sense.  Having "learned my lesson", in the next district I spared the life of a similarly important person who was also doing good and I still dropped 20+% points and nearly lost the district anyways.  So whether I killed or saved an important person doing "good" for the region, I still lost the region or came within inches of losing it.  I don't expect the dialogue choices/action choices to be black and white indicating "this will help/hurt the district".  But some work needs to be done on how your actions shape a district.  Killing an NPC that admits to being a cold-blooded murder and menace to society shouldn't lower that districts health (yes, that happens with one of the characters should you choose to kill them) - it should raise it.  Putting an end to a murderer should positively affect a district - this is a no-brainer - but it doesn't.  Basically anyone you kill seems to lower the district's health and that shouldn't be the case.-Healing sick NPC's was rewarding at first but got a little repetitive as the frequency of citizens getting sick was high.-Minor bugs here or there but that's expected from a AA titletl:dr: Great, immersive RGP with a gripping story.  However, the game needs some work as far as how it handles your actions and the effect they have on the area.  I highly recommend looking up a "x things we wish we knew before playing Vampyr" video online before playing.
Giaddon	Recommended	26.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197984820498/	An engrossing RPG in the tradition of Fallout, Bloodlines, and Alpha Protocol: bucking the fantasy trend and delivering a unique, well-realized and engaging world.
Geek Diver	Not Recommended	11.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197992373524/	This game is OK.  The combat system is lame, character progression is meaningless and some of the core mechanics are just dated.  I loved the idea of playing as a vampyr but their is no character customization to make me care about the doctor at all.  I cant even customize his outfit. With the exception on a hat vs no hat.  I'd of loved to see more meaning there.   The combat is the same old bs in most RPG games with bad guys randomly place around districts.  You can kind of vary the play style but not enough to make it enjoyable.  It is just a new skin on games we have played countless times.   Not worth the money I spent on it.
Ruiner	Not Recommended	1.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ubermench/	Console game that is very badly ported to PC. It's like playing a FPS from 2008. Nice leap in innovation - not.
De Visser	Not Recommended	39.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197983778233/	Not listening to those who said no to this game was my first mistake (You can see where this is going). Not a fan of boss fights for a start and there is a multitude of these. I am on a boss fight that he has contsant reinforcement a godamn WW2 looking flamethrower that does not rum out of fuel & his men have revolvers with a rate of fire the same as todays machine pistols... bloody annoying, there is no support med kits nothing . You cannot escape fights if you walk into one by accident all the doors are closed there is no escape at all. You catch a solitary enemy and start a fight and 3 others matrealise in mid air and start attacking you. There is no crouch or sneak ability except for a cloaking system. The jump feature can only be used when the game wants you to there is no ability to play around. When you die which you do often you lose blood and have to fight all the enemies all over again, and don't stay in an area for too long after killing them as they appear again and you have to fight them all over again.The stamina is also a nightmare you cannot finish a fight in one go you have to run around until your stamina returns to finish the fight. Overall the game lacks detail the bricks of the houses look painted on for a start.  I could go on and on but I am now bored of this, something like the game. This game could have been alot more than it has turned out to be, more Count Duckula than Count Dracula.
MetalxKid	Not Recommended	29.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/metalxkid/	Audio for the game would work when it wanted to. The story line was not as exciting as I though it was going to be, as well as the ending. It's also a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to keep healing people in other parts of the map.. Then yo go to bed and some more people are sick.
DaedalusPL	Not Recommended	59.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198037476012/	Odd review here... its a good and atmospheric game. Loved the storyline. I could even live with the clumsy combat.But there are two awful flaws to the game which combine together to almost ruin it.Firstly, there is essentially no signposting for most of the critical decisions in the game. That sounds okay at first because choices are supposed to have impact right? Well not really as in Vampyr the choices are utterly contrary in nature - if you learn from your experiences and adjust... nope what worked last time provokes an utter disaster this time. Theres also no way to recover from those disasters. Without leaving any spoilers the decisions around the "pillars" of your community are critical. Its the only game where I've ever recommended people to deliberately read up on the encounter results - charm/embrace/spare BEFORE reaching the encounter ... which will of course ruin the storyline for you. The other choice of course would be to reload even at the cost of a hour etc play..Which brings us to problem 2 and one of the worst game design decisions I've ever had the misfortune to experience. The game has a single overwriting autosave slot with no manual save option. You got it there really is no way to recover if you make a single mistake in your entire game. My first game I ended up restarting from scratch after 21 hours. Hindsight taught me the hard way - take a copy of your save in: C:\Users\[username]\AppData\Local\AVGame\Saved\SaveGamesYou may think its unecessary but believe me it changes the game from awful to good.Anyway - overall I'd say its a very flawed gem of a game. 5/5 if it had a manual save facility. 3/5 despite its great storyline as it is.
Stringlerrrr	Not Recommended	58.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/str1ngb3an/	This game totally sucks♥♥♥♥♥ The combat system is something from 2012 Dragon Age, along with their♥♥♥♥♥♥leveling system, and teirrble story behind this. I would never recommend this♥♥♥♥♥♥game for anyone.
varonel	Not Recommended	14.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198031567635/	The loading times of this game make for a very bad experience, especially if you do not feed left and right and fights can be a bit difficult.Having to wait like 40-60 seconds after every death, even if you are just moved back a couple of steps from the room you died in is very frustrating and I cannot play anymore.Something is wrong when you spend more time in loading screens than in combat. 
Scarto	Not Recommended	39.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198049592749/	BEWARE! Not going in deth on the game, lots of reviews out there. Just wanted too let you know ~20 hours into the game i got a corrupted save file + back-up file. Everything is lost and no way to get back into the game i was playing. The 1 autosave feature is abysmal. Good for making your choices count, but your choices dont matter if you cant be sure it even matters since i now need to restart the entire game.Edit: Happened again when i restarted the game. Lucky me huh.. Anyhoe it seems to happen when transitioning between area's. The screen just stays black and you need to force a shutdown.Then you're screwed..  This "sucked" out to fun for me in this vamp game. Not giving it a 3rd attempt.
LegendOfGamer	Not Recommended	1.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/LegendOfGamer/	Mediocre gameplay and most of all not worth the price tag.
Laidroc	Not Recommended	0.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/laidroc/	Not a bad game but it isn't worth the price.
sallybot	Not Recommended	74.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/vengenz6661/	Too many bugs, super awful combat system, storyline just got worse the closer you get to the ending, and now add a super forced lovestory into it - way too expensive for what you get in the end. :(
nippertipper100	Not Recommended	31.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198199643373/	---EXTREMELY IMPORTANT---This game is BROKEN on Ryzen processors. I get a 15-20 minute hang on every loading screen. Completely unplayable.
nezoic	Not Recommended	17.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198043487443/	Gotta say, the game play is a tad boring and it feels like a game you would've expected 5-10 years ago. Clearly they've never done any blind user testing on this product. having to google to figure out how to equip weapons is pretty sad. Whats worse is the constant hangs, I've been trying to play all day and finnaly at a place where it locks up consistantly every time this stupid left and right arrow menu / investigation dialog pops up and I cannot continue the main quest. Uninstalling for a bit till bugs are fixed. Not worth $50, maybe $20...
ewokporn	Recommended	18.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ewokporn/	i loved this game  pretty fun neat concept. decisions  on whether to kill and eat someone do matter
EsuChiefCraig	Recommended	12.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198046206291/	Product received for free
Saotoshi	Recommended	39.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Saotoshi/	A unique experience. This game was definitely not what I expected it to be, considering it has been developed by DONTNOD. I expected a niche game with very impactful choices and a very deep and intruiding story. I have been disappointed in that matter. The story is good, but nothing very special, and the impact of most choices is really low, it just changes 2 dialogue lines. I didn't expect the fights to be very revolutionary, and I got exactly what I expected. It was a solid fighting and skill system, but nothing exciting new. So when I spent the first few hours into the game, I felt like I was playing a casual action game, which really annoyed me. But then I grew fond of the unique mechanics Vampyr utilizes, especially the tight correspondence of moral choices and difficulty. There is just one difficulty setting, but you yourself decide, how difficult the game will be for you, it depends on how many citizens you kill. If you try to spare everyone, you will have a really hard time, as they present a huge amount of experience points to earn, and you will be ridiculously underleveled if you are not feeding on enough citizens. On the other hand every citizen has been worked out thoroughly and owns a normal life, with problems, friends and family. Everytime you kill someone, there will be an impact. It is on you to decide, who is most expendable to the community. You are in a constant struggle to find someone suitable to feed on without destroying the lives of others or killing innocents, as you won't find a single person, that is completely evil and easily a malice to society. I like that the game makes it really hard for you if you want to be a vigilante. Also I appreciate that there is only one savegame, and you have to live with the choices you make. The consequenses cannot always be foreseen, and the "unlockable" choice or sparing everyone is not always the best choice to be made. Those are fantastic mechanis, and I will long remember them.On the other hand, there were some really dumb design choices made. For example you can only level up when sleeping in a bed, which is a cool thing per se, but every time you sleep, a whole lot of citizens get infected with new sicknesses. And it is your responsibility to heal them one by one by visiting them, and there is no fast travel available. So what you are going to do after leveling up is running through the whole town and speaking with every sick person, while drawing the attention of so many enemies on the way, maybe you are even totally underleveled and it takes forever to beat them. This is just ridiculously time consuming. Technically it is not super pretty, but has a certain look and manages to catch the right flair for London's streets at night. However, I experienced a few crashes throughout the game, not too bad because the game autosaves like every 30 seconds, but still annoying.Overall, I still enjoyed the unique game mechanics and it made the choices feel more impactful than they really are. For the future I wish DONTNOD would try to do something less casual with more impactful choices again. I'd give Vampyr 8 out of 10 points.By the way, the game has no integrated photo mode, buy here you can find a cheat engine table that enables you to freeze time, use free camera and more!
Haywire Hayley	Recommended	11.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/haywirehayley/	Once again I'm surprised by the number of negative reviews a recent release is receiving. I suppose I have a very odd taste in video games, or I'm an unbearable contrarian. Either way, I'm thoroughly enjoying Vampyr so far. I've yet to properly dive into the main content as I'm having more than enough fun getting to know the various characters scattered around the game world; coercing them into revealing their every secret so I can ultimately gain more sustenance when I give them the fatal s u c c. (... Steam censors that, apparently)I can see why someone might dislike Vampyr. It's an incredibly slow burner and heavily dialogue driven as you might expect from those behind Life is Strange.  If you've the patience for it, though, and an appreciation of well written characters and a wonderfully bleak gothic atmosphere it's likely you'll find it worth the price. The combat's more solid than I'd assumed; giving you a wide variety of abilities that allow you to fulfill the fantasy of being a handsome blood-drinker. Oh, and I've got to emphasise that Jonathan Reid (Our rugged protagonist) has probably the most delicious voice I've ever heard. It's so soothing and posh. I want him to sit beside me and read me bedtime stories. I think I'd keep him away from my neck, however... Actually, nah. Gimme that love bite.
Artifax	Recommended	46.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198048295247/	After 46 hours I reached the end of my first workthrough, and I have to say, I liked it overall. I chose to play as good guy and killed none of the citizens, which made the gameplay quite hard for me.Pros:- Brilliant voice-over (english)- Fantastic athmosphere of old London- Combat mechanics were fine for me (in most cases, see cons for more)- A fine story, deep and twichted sometimes  (nevertheless I have to admid, you have to like that kind of mystical setting)- A really big lot of conversation, if you like you learn a lot of details of all inhabitans- A mysterious red haired sidekick (yes, for me a big PRO :-) )Cons:- After some time, fights become a bit boring as they are quite repetitive- Balancing needs a big update as there are some mechanisms, that really feel like being cheated by the game:a) Each time you sleep or progress in the story your ennemies get harder by extending the amount of levels they are stronger then you (in the end my opponents especially the bosses were about 5-10 levels above me)b) NPCs seem to have no staminac) Attack patterns of enemies allow hits through obstacles, which is major annoyingd) My protagonist got stuck in the surroundings sometimes- The romance part of the game could be a lot more intensive, I missed the possibility to chose whom I am interested in- Effects of choices feel a bit like plaing lotto, as those are sometimes hard to understandOverall I really recommend to play Vampyr if you like- focus on storytelling- A lot of dialog- cinematic athmosphere- deep charactersUpdate: Nominiert für die beste Alternativgeschichte 2018
Metrea Afterglow	Recommended	27.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197970756770/	Yes, what should I say?Absolutely amazing game.Graphically it could be better but I enjoy the feeling of a dark shady London.So many complains about the ingame fighting - but I like it. No problem whatsoever after 25 hours of playing.
Dvsilverwing♥	Recommended	21.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/dvsilverwing/	*Post completion amendments at the end of the review*So I've put about 5 hours into the game so far. I can say honestly, that I enjoy the game so far. A lot of the reviews I see that are negative are expecting one of two things: that the game is as roleplay heavy in the vampire element as Vampire: The Masquerade (Bloodline, I assume), or that the game will be similar to Bloodborne in environment. This is not a niche game, which the former two mentioned games absolutely are. This is a very casual RPG with a vampire theme. It is Assassin's Creed 4 combat with a Vampire story that has some Sherlock Holme's detective-y elements to it, with the addition of some Far Cry 3/4/5 style very basic crafting. If you want hardcore vampire roleplay, you won't like this game. If you want hardcore unforgiving combat, you won't like this game. If you want a casual RPG you can play and enjoy, take in the story and some of the free-roam options as well as the consequences of interactions with other NPC's while not being too unforgiving with player choices, then you will probably like this game. That being said, I always recommend checking out gameplay footage to make sure it's something in the style of what you may enjoy.Anyone who thinks a mainstream, triple A game will be as roleplay heavy as Vampire: The Masquerade is completely delusional. Know what you're signing up for and be competent  when it comes to what audience the game is trying to serve with its design choices. I enjoy the simple but fun combat, the story so far, and the lengthy NPC interactions (which often unlock additional interactions with other NPC's for investigative story purposes). Many of the negative reviews are people who have unrealistic expectations of what a triple A vampire game is going to be, don't worry about them if you aren't an extremist when it comes to roleplay or RPG leveling elements.Edit: Someone messaged me and told me "Vampyr isn't a triple A game, you should amend your review!". Okay, sorry, just substitute the phrase "mainstream and charging a triple A price".Post completion edit: Alright, this game is far less open world than I think they kind of played it up to be. That being said, it was insanely story driven with some mild open world backtracking. I would compare it more to something like Gothic than I would an Elder Scrolls or anything like that... and that's not necessarily a bad thing. The story kept me interested in the main questline while still letting me do side quests and activities here and there, and for me that's not something a lot of sandbox-style open world RPG's can do. The main reason to pass on this game if you're reading reviews to make a decision on purchasing, is if you A) really wanted a super vampire-centric deep intricate roleplay system to the game, or B) wanted a massively open world sandbox style vampire RPG. You won't get either of those things, but I think the RPG elements involved are satisfactory for most people and the story is enough to warrant a slightly more focused gameplay style.
Dial-Up Ninja	Not Recommended	23.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kaszman1/	All around mediocre.Clumsy combat, ok-ish animations, repetative gameplay and little to no impact on the story other than killing/not killing civilians. Basically zero role playing, more like an action TPS game with skills.I hated the map and lack of fast travel. Generally getting around is a chore littered with meaningless trash mobs adding no fun factor to the gameplay. Also healing districts is time consuming including a great deal of backtracking and gives you ridiculously low ammount of XP. I healed a person 3 times yet he was still an a**hole towards my character. No impact on any character except a few hard wired main story events.Also unbalanced design: You want to kill civilians and be strong? People in your districts will become sick and more mobs will appear so you can repeatedly heal civilians and fight through the same enemies to balance your actions. Time consuming and not fun.You want to be a good guy and save everyone? Ok the game will throw at you some XP just enough to get by. Constantly 10 levels below the monsters/hunters. Most big enemies can kill you in seconds and bosses will 1 hit you regularly. Oh did I mention the constant trash mobs on the map? Yup, deal with them as well. Fair enough git gud, right? Well not with this clumsy sluggish combat system. Get ready to be pranked by the targeting system, hitbox nonsense and weird camera or just your dodge/teleport move will get stuck in small object edges while your enemies will gangbang your posh♥♥♥♥♥♥Probably the story and voice acting are the only good things I can bring up. Everything else is just ok. I wish there was a neutral review score but its more negatives than positives. Great concept but many questionable design choices.I wanted to love this game so much and wanted to justify my purchase by keep coming back to it and playing it but I just gave up . Played it for 23 hours (4th boss) and uninstalled it without getting to the final boss. It was a relief, at least had *some* fun with it.
=EBS=The Provoked Prawn	Recommended	26.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/age_uk/	Product received for free
aM6D	Not Recommended	22.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/aM6D/	**Post-Story mode update: Well, they've added a trivially easy "Story" difficulty (and a harder one if you're a masochist with a few dozen hours to burn), which is probably the best solution to one of the game's core issuesoutside of making the combat good. Unfortunately, it requires starting a new game and I was 20+ hours in when I couldn't stand it anymore, but it's a welcome addition for anyone coming in fresh, I suppose.**I am not the kind of person who plays games primarily, "for the story," so going into this, I was mostly looking for interesting role-playing mechanics, both in terms of character-building and choice and consequence. Ultimately, Vampyr doesn't offer a lot in either of those departments and because of that, its other flaws become more and more of an annoyance. As others have said, this is not at all like Vampire: The Masquerade: Bloodlines.First, the good stuff. The art style is very good. The setting is dripping with atmosphere and thick, oppressive fog (something you don't see so much of in modern games more concerned with showing off draw distance than fostering atmosphere). The soundtrack is stellar. The voice acting is consistently very good. The story is, for the most part, fairly interesting.The problem arises when you actually have to play the game. Despite the fairly slow pace and the large quantities of dialogue, which is presented in the modern console wheel format, is mostly the same questions for every NPC, and has hardly any meaningful interaction, the game is padded out with combat that, to be honest, isn't very good. You can also scour the environment for resources, but it's mostly just money and generic garbage that exists solely to be converted into money or crafting resources. Exciting.This requires some context. While Vampyr is technically an open world game, it doesn't really offer a particularly open map. There are a lot of linear paths, locked and one way gates, and dead ends. Honestly, it kind of reminds me of level Design in Dark Souls, but the execution is much worse. I'm not sure how much they thought this through, given that they gave you context sensitive vampire teleportation ability that conveniently doesn't work every time they want to force you to go the long way. There is also no fast travel.Compounding the issue and drawing more parralels to DS, is their leveling system (which is a very simplistic combat perks type skill tree). Sleeping at a hideout is how you invest XP. This respawns enemies and advances the world state, which means more combat in the same places every time you level up. But they don't just do that, they also increase the level of most of those enemies (seemingly scaled based on story progress), which means that they are consistently a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥almost every single time. This is worse if, as I have, you choose to be the good guy and not feed on innocents (which is their theoretically interesting, but practically annoying dynamic difficulty/moral choice system), which means you will often be underleveled, even if you waste a ton of time on side quests (which I have).Making this even WORSE is the "being a Doctor" aspect of the game, wherein the NPCs in various districts contract illnesses (when you sleep and advance time), which requires you to physically visit them in order to administer a generic treatment or the state of that particular district will degrade.So, again, if you want to play to good vampire, you have to trek to each of these areas on a fairly regular basis (if you want to level up without the city falling apart), just for these trivial interactions. Just to make it clear how tedious this really is, again, there is no fast travel at all.As for the combat mechanics themselves, they just aren't great. There are a lot of annoyingly slow and/or inconsistent wind-up frames, grunt enemies with excessive health totals and high pain tolerance (i.e. don't really flinch), and so forth. And there's a stamina system, which is just a pain. It's very repetitive, there isn't much to it, and ultimately I ended up abusing a consistently effective, but incredibly boring tactic the majority of the time.And then there are the boss fights, which are more of the same, but worse. In part because of the tendancy of larger enemies and bosses to have extremely generous hurt boxes and aim correction. It's just a pain and takes forever, especially when you're underleveled (i.e. good guy hard difficulty). And when you die, you don't get your resources back, for some reason.So, that's the combat, but what about the dialogue? What about the choices mattering? Well, most of the dialogue is one of two things: generic questions, and hint-driven questions. So, if you look around the environment, and talk to other people you can find hints relevant to specific NPCs that sometimes unlock new dialogue and sometimes don't. Sometimes these hint dialogues have choice points, which are in fact arbitrarily pass or fail and you get one chance to get it right with no real indication of what you're supposed to say. This ties into the "feed or not to feed" difficulty/morality system. Unlocking hints for characters means you get more XP when you eat them, I guess.So, your choices that matter basically boil down to "to eat, or not to eat" and whether or not you really want to waste time walking back and forth bringing medicine to NPCs. Ultimately, I find myself wishing I could just skip to the next story beat instead and at that point, I could just be watching someone else play the game and get about as much out of it.I really wanted to like this game. It's aesthetically gorgeous, the setting and premise are pretty cool, the soundtrack is great (buy it on Bandcamp). But when it comes to actually playing it? I don't really enjoy it.
FaithCzech™	Recommended	36.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Faithmain/	After the end of the First World War, London is a half-empty city turmoil and a Spanish flu.At this moment, you are entering the scene,such as Jonathan Reid, a leading British transfusion specialist.Unfortunately, there is one flaw in beauty, you wake up in a mass grave like the Vampyr.All the time, you are trying to find who is responsible for your status, and more and more during your investigation,to find out .... do not be afraid of anything I will not spoil  :DThe game has a great atmosphere and an even more amazing sountrack.The only disappointment for me was the dueling system.Despite all this, the game I really recommend is really worth it.The game was created by the studio Dontnod, which is a guarantee that the stories really can do it. As an example, I mention the many times awarded Life is Strange.
unoJustAJ	Not Recommended	9.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/justAJ/	I was so incredibly excited to play this game and when all the good reviews came out I was even more excited. What a gross disappointment, this game is. This will be the second game for which I will have paid but won't finish. I already lost my money, I'm not gonna lose my time and calm too. This game is frustratingly bad. I won't go into detail on every single aspect but here's why I really don't like this game. (I currently have about 10 hours of gameplay on this game).Slow and BoringThe idea for this game is great. The early 1900's London is amazing. The story so far seems to have merit. However, the delivery is just so poor. The voice acting is lackluster and monotoneous. The only time there's any emotion is when the doctor uses his "charm" ability in dialogue but he then just sounds misappropriately angry, really for no reason. Kind of reminds me of Jack Bauer's "amazing" interrogation technique where he just repeats his question over and over but every time louder and angrier. "Master interrogator". But that's not the biggest problem for me. For me the dialogue system kills all the fun and breaks the flow of the game. You get a dialogue option wheel and, really, you HAVE TO pick every single option AND any "branch" options which a single option subsequently unlocks. Why do you "Have To", you ask? Well, because that's how you unlock hints. And why do you need those, you ask? Well, because that's how you unlock the full XP potential of a character (for when you drain them dry). It's slow, boring, tedious, and you HAVE to do it. It's not fun because there's no skill required. Just press a button and now wait until the monotoneous dialogue is finished. And do that over and over again for every. single. dialogue option on the wheel, for every. single. character. And don't forget the options that get unlocked.... So do I really feel like I played for 10 hours? No! I feel like I've endured the most boring cutscene that auto-pauses and I have to press a button for it to continue. In addition to that, you also can find objects throughout the world that also unlock hints. But finding them and having them in your inventory isn't enough to unlock the hint. No no. You have to VIEW them to unlock the hints. Not really a huge problem, but the annoyance just adds up. What's more, however, is that if you forget to immediately view them, when the option prompts up after picking them up (which doesn't always work for some reason. More on this later), there's no way of telling which, for example, letter is the new one that you haven't viewed. So then you  just have to open and close a bunch of them in your inventory menu, and then LEAVE the menu to see if you get a prompt that says "Hint for "blabla" unlocked". For F's sake! Can this game slow its own flow down any further?! Options Vs GamblingSo in this game you have the choice to be either good or evil.  You get a red Y-shape in the dialogue wheel when a certain option affects your good/evil status. If you wanna be good, you have to select the upper left one, most of the time. However, sometimes it's simply not clear by the little line of text that the wheel provides how the game is gonna deliver what you just picked, since it's sometimes open to interpertation. The game has no mechanic of telling you what you're choosing. Although for the most part this isn't super confusing (unless your EQ isn't up to par). Where it gets confusing is during the actual cutscenes where you have options. The first time I was confronted with choices to make, I had already made them before talking to a certain other NPC in the game, thinking I was being righteous and honorable, but then it turned out that I had failed a hint. What?! Worse yet, later in the game you have to perform emergency surgery (your character is a doctor) and you have to make choices..... that affect your character's good/evil status..... but again, those choices (the little preview lines of text) are open to interpretation and the game has no way of telling you what you're choosing i.e. righteous or evil! What's more, is that I had to make medical choices during emergency surgery. My intentions were well but then I get a "are you making this up as you go?" from an NPC..... YES, I AM! I'm not a f'ing doctor! My character is! The patient died. I was disappointed because I did not want that to happen. The game only has auto-save so I could not go back! Which is proposterous because this game doesn't give you "choices" it makes you GAMBLE! worst "choice" mechanic I've ever seen in a game! Ever! Even a simple game like "Infamous" gives you real choices and does not force you to gamble. You know exactly what the consequences of your choices are PRIOR to making them! The fact that this game doesn't even allow you to manually save so you can reload, is just more salt on the wound with this flawed mechanic at play. BuggyThis may just be me or a few people. But I have a clean install of windows, new high-end hardware, up to date drivers, and, obviously, a legal version of the game (which I unfortunately paid for), but the game isn't well optimized. Any time the game loads, it takes FOREVER when I boot the game, or even when I enter a new area. Imagine when I accidentally leave a building and want to go back in. Drama. So much waiting. I feel like that's all I've done in this game. Wait. Wait for the the dialogue. Wait for the cutscene. Wait for the loading. Wait. Wait. Wait. Honestly, this game looks good until you play it. lost potention. What a gross disappointment.
American Tragedy	Recommended	24.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/hardyguardy/	After my long 2 weeks break from gaming, I was more than happy to come back at the game with this level of atmosphere like Vampyr. I can’t say I was hyped about this game, but the fact, that I was going to deal with the game, which has been developed by the creators of Life is Strange and Remember Me was really intriguing. Set in a London during World War I, Vampyr shows us an exceptional recreation of the first decade of 20th century England. The whole city is dirty, gloomy, full of misfits and unpleasant creatures, everybody’s talking about Spanish Flu epidemic. It’s outstanding how developers was managed to create such an atmosphere, mixing an aristocratic society, sitting in a rich fancy mansions, drinking tea in a right time, talking about traditions, as the first and only thing that distinguishes englishmen from all the other nations with ugly, scary, dirty streets, full of criminals, creatures, vampire hunters and dead bodies, laying all over the city.       But it’s not the only mixing thing you will find in a game. Jonathan Reid, antagonist of the game was talented successful surgeon and only yesterday everything was great in his life and now his life has turned upside down to him - now he is a Vampire, against his will. For the whole game we will see a confrontation of two sides in Reid’s body, like a fight between good and evil - first, he feels like he is dying to drink someone’s blood and he can’t control it. And then, in a few seconds, after his thirst is quenched, his humanity starts to speak inside of his head, asking about what he was thinking about, taking someone’s life. So, the real human and the vampire inside one man’s body is the fundamental topic of the game.Vampyr’s story is about one man, who is trying to learn how to live with his new superpowers (if you can call it this way), trying to find a way to stop this plague from spreading by any means. As a man of a science and medicine, Mr. Reid is a man of a moral norms and he is the one, who lives with a rules regarding “what is bad and what is good”. It reflects on his communication with characters he meets around. Everytime you meet someone, you have a chance to talk with that person, interrogate them, find out some clues regarding them and learn something, what can be useful in a near or distant future. You will need this to level up each character’s XP you will get if you will feel like you want to suck blood from their body. During these conversations, you will have an ability to unlock some new side quests, or better call it investigations. The most interesting part of these interrogations, that you, as a vampire, can influence on people’s brain and hypnotize them, making them tell you what you want or need to hear at this moment. And, at some point, if you would feel like you are done with this person, when you completed all the investigations, linked with him and gathered all the intel, you can hypnotize him once again, take him to the darkest corner and take away his life.But..There is always some kinda “but” in this type of games, yeah I know, it’s annoying, but on the other hand, if everything would be that easy, would it be that interesting to play such game? Each murder will affect the district this character is bounded to and sooner or later you will need to face the consequences. If you really do care about this district and don’t feel like killing any character, you should always check their health condition and prepare the right remedy for them to cure from certain diseases. The only trick which I didn’t get during my gameplay is what will change in the world, if the whole district will be deceased. Like, I just failed with district’s main guy and on the next night I found out, that everyone is dead there, because the idea of the game, is that district can’t exist without its owner. But, it never affected the main story of the game - I had this feeling during the whole game, to be honest, that all these deaths don’t matter at all. We just have this main story quest, then we can play some side quest investigations and then if somebody dies, you will get notification about the price changes in local stores and newspaper articles about what happened last night. That’s it, then you can continue your main story without any thinking regarding these guys. Totally embarrassing and weird.Speaking of store and vendors - I can count this feature as another completely useless one in game. Sadly, I never ever saw any need in buying a thing from vendors - some of them sell ingredients for crafting medicine, some of them can trade you weapon parts, which can be used to upgrade your guns or swords or bats, whatever you use to stomp your enemies, you can even find rare weapons. The main problem is that you actually don’t need it, simply because you will find literally tons of ingredients during your journey, searching for every cabin, shelf, wardrobe and rooms and you won’t feel any lack of stuff, and unique and much powerful weapons will be obtained through killing key characters in the game. And then it comes to combat and leveling system. First, I must say, that I was a bit confused at the start of the game for the first few hours and I was dying all the time, game seemed really hard for me and I thought that I was going to deal with a Dark Souls alike game here. Unfortunately, the main problem was regarding the weapon itself. I found that it was really hard and uncomfortable to play with dual weapons, like one hand sword and pistol for some reason, so I was playing with two-handed bat almost for the whole game. After leveling it up to the max level, I was stomping everyone in 2-3 hits and I never felt like I wanted to switch back to 2 weapons. Leveling can be confusing as well, at the start, until you get used to it - first you need to finish a bit of main quest, maybe play around with investigations, decide who you want to kill to gain some more extra xp and then you should come back to your hideout and sleep, in order to level up your skills. Here you can choose some extraordinary skills, like leeching your enemies to gain more blood, to heal yourself, do some extra damage, or vanish in the middle of the fight at the most intense moments. Well, here I can say, that I was using mostly two skills all the time - healing and extra claw damage, all I cared was to max my health and blood level to the maximum.With all that being said, I can conclude with saying, that despite all these cons, I had really great time playing Vampyr. This game pretends to be an RPG game, while not fulfilling gamers’ wishes to the fullest, but at the same time it’s a good action game, with an interesting story, about a morale man who turned out to be a victim of circumstances. While being filled with amazing soundtrack, empty but atmosphere streets of dirty desperate London, and interesting characters, Vampyr can’t offer you a replayability, how I thought it was going to be.Enjoy! Follow my curator's page if you enjoy my reviews and want to stay tuned!    
OptimalButthole	Not Recommended	21.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198029838789/	Product received for free
.simplymad__xx	Not Recommended	48.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/simplymad__xx/	I want to love this game, and a do love A LOT of things about it, BUT ontop of combat being very clunky feeling, which you can deal with once you get used to it, there is still AT LEAST 1 game breaking bug(in the Chapter 2 main mission) and the lack of a console to get around it or a manual save to try to reload BEFORE the bug means you have to start entirely over if you encounter it and THAT IS NOT OKAY.
FilthyCheeseCake	Not Recommended	15.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198418641172/	Was having immense fun with the game before encountering a game breaking bug in the second chapter that halts all progress in the main story.  The only way around is starting a new game, really annoying after taking the time to do every side mission and dialog option up to that point, only to discover I must do it all again.  I am thankful this didn't happen at a later point in the game however I am disapointed in the devs inability to fix such a glaring issue so long after launch and one that has been brought up before on numerous forums (sadly I only discovered now).  This bug has destroyed all fun I had with the game so far and will do so till i reach the point again in the story. (after redoing everthing of course)
Turannos	Not Recommended	22.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197994345468/	You spend way too much in combat.  Every corner you walk around is another fight and it just destroys the story side of the game.The save system means you can not go back and try different options and this is bad as sometimes the character interaction options are not clear and you end up doing the opposite of what you wanted to do.It looks nice and has some interesting ideas but the fact you just keep fighting ruins it for me.Update: two other gripes.  It is painfully slow to reload when you do die and it does not save the correct resolution and keeps dropping back to 720p.
Ashfalor NiohBorneSouls	Recommended	50.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198046325571/	Your knowledge about each character increase how tasty their blood will be, incenting you to explore and talk to npcs to unlock dialogue and find their secrets, motivations and hidden agendas and as a doctor healing those you can will raise the general health of the entire area, and all the blood within..While not a smorgasboard of powers there are enough and the visual/physical effects are good at making you feel as the vampire you deserve to be and makes up for the somewhat janky combat otherwise.A unique step towards a proper vampire experience and we need more of them.
mashamoshpit	Not Recommended	45.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mashamoshpit/	I was really really excited for Vampyr. I was a big fan of Dontnod since Remember Me and was excited about the spooky 1910's London vampire setting. In the end, I was left disappointed, but I think it would be worth a sale purchase if this genre is up your alley.Pros:Spooky vampire London setting during the time of the Spanish FluA lot of narrative content for a $50 game20-40 hours of gameplay.Cons:-No difficulty setting with a "good playthrough" being punishingly difficult-Poor locomotion and selective teleportation mechanics; gates, doors that are locked with no clear reason or way of opening-Very poor combat (I can only point the gun by pointing my character?!)-Have experienced 3 crashes, one of which bricked my save until I was able to grab the beta patch-Dialogue has no consideration for order of speaking points (i.e. if you choose option B they might mention option A without being told about it)-Dialogue mechanics enforce a volume of meaningless dialogue (how are you, hows your day, tell me about this part of town)-Small heads up - there is a light/lamp at most "hideouts" that flickers in a very extreme way, could easily trigger a seizure in those that are prone 
UNSKILLED Ø	Recommended	31.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/theunskilledtrash/	In Vampyr, you play as Dr. Jonathan Reid: a surgeon turned vampire in an early 20th century London ravaged by the Spanish flu. Our protagonist is in search of answers about his new condition and the rapidly spreading disease. He will have to learn and decide, how he is going to balance his role of surgeon, man of science, and his  constant vampire hunger.  Developed by: DONTNOD Entertainment and Published by Focus Home InteractiveGenre: Action RPGNo multiplayerAn atypical concept for a game, while literature about supernatural and vampires is flooding. Very few games are addressing it. Vampyr wonderfully mixes this supernatural literature with the epidemic of the Spanish flu but its realization leaves a bitter taste.   + Pros  - Cons    AmbianceStory / loreNPCs are all interconnectedFeeding systemFighting is tediousArchaic crafting system Let's connect  Twitch • Discord  • Reviews• Steam group• Giveaways  Despair has its own calmsVampyr is set in early 20th century London, the city is struggling to deal with the rapidly spreading influenza and violence. The citizens are scared, and multiple quarantine zones are set up to help contain the epidemic. Alas, to no avail. The infected seems to be losing their minds and becoming feral night beasts roaming the streets of London, killing fellow-citizens and spreading the disease further. Yet, another threat in the form of Vampires is sewing more chaos in the city along with the vampire hunters: the Guard of Priwen. Story & ChoicesThe player’s task will be to try to make sense of it all and to roam the streets of London in search of fragmentary answers from the 60 or so NPCs populating this game while fighting multiple Skals, Priwen Guards and few other enemies along the way.As a vampire (or Ekon to respect the lore), Dr Reid’s actions are directly linked with the future of London and the player will have to decide whether some districts shall plunge into chaos or survive. This burden is influenced by the way you will interact with citizens. Simply put, you will be able to either heal and help them or to feed on them. While feeding on your quest givers is the fastest way to become stronger and level up, it can lead to dramatic developments.Vampyr is also filled with an impressive amount of reading, lore, dialogues and secrets to discover.  With some excellent writing, every character is having their own story-line, desires but also dirty little secrets. While not part of the main plot, these side quests really add up to the sad atmosphere surrounding the game.Sadly, too often, the game will force Dr Reid’s to become some sort of lawfully good, disillusioned vampire. Finally, decision-making, the ambiance and the story are what makes Vampyr a good game. The importance of the decision one takes and the especially strong moral implications of said decisions are felt throughout the game. In a world rich of lore, stories and big on narration, Vampyr succeeds at creating a dark and morally-disturbed world filled with gray areas.FightingJust like most other Action-RPG, Vampyr forces you to master different patterns and dodging to win your fights. With quite a developed skill tree, the game seems to be proposing interesting ways to handle fights.Proposing is the key word, because most skills have very little impact on the game and aren’t helpful during fights. This lack of depth makes fighting extremely tedious and too simple. Indeed, throughout my Vampyr journey I only used 3 active spells. 1 for healing, 1 ultimate spell (shadow type) and 1 active skill (blood type). You will quickly understand that it is better to improve your current active skills and to boost your health, stamina and blood pool rather than getting new skills.The reason behind it is quite simple, you need blood to power up your spells. One might think that getting blood as a vampire should be easy. While not extremely complicated, the system in place doesn’t make the blood pool as a mana bar. You will have to sneak up on the enemy (with no real stealth mechanic, except for a spell with a 60sec cooldown), stun them and leech their blood to use 1-2 spells. You will then need to repeat the operation while fighting with either a weapon that can stun or a weapon that can leech blood.Every enemy is having two ''health'' bars, one with their HP and the second would be their resistance before becoming stunned, allowing you to suck their blood. The encounters aren’t really complicated, and you will be very quickly able to upgrade your weapons through an archaic crafting system. One of the most essential spells will be the healing spell converting your blood pool into HP. Which makes fighting quite easy if you played other games of the genre. In a way, enemies aren’t just obstacles, but also your health pack. To that, you can craft potions, that I never got the chance to use. Sadly, you will never really feel powerful while playing the game. You will also realize that just smashing heads with a regular weapon will do the job to get through the game. More so than using your vampire powers. Finally, the fighting becomes annoying after a while and you will regret not being able to fast-travel in the maze that is London.  Children of the NightFinally, Vampyr has an original concept and really focuses on the choices you make. Plunging you into a gloomy universe, through London’s buildings and sewers that combined with a great and heavy soundtrack create a  special atmosphere In a London weakened by war, disease and intrigue. In the end, Vampyr is a good game with disappointing mechanics. You can join my group to follow reviews, join giveaways and more 
✪ peevan_	Not Recommended	24.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/CertifiedAnalBleach/	The marketing on the surface of this game makes it seem super open-ended and free for the player to explore.Except... its not. There are three aspects to the game:1. The Management of the Sick in the 4 districts in the game2. Clunky Combat to obtain resources and progress through the game3. Mainly junk/useless dialogue consisting of three scenarios (you saved me, get away from me, or do this for me)The boss fights feel extremely cheesy and unfun as the boss' attacks seemingly auto lock onto you when it seems that you are of reasonable spacing away and it is embarrassingly easy to just melt a boss' health by using a maxed out shotgun. The story is not bad, but not good either. To me it seemed extremely rushed and forced onto the player, for example the relationship between Jonathan and Elisabeth. Overall I would not suggest to buy this game at all since it felt unfinished or lacking in many aspects.5/10
The Cockatrice	Not Recommended	26.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/stealthycockatrice/	Vampyr is nothing how it looks on the surface or how it was marketed. Do not buy the game if you're expecting an amazing and deep vampire rpg like Bloodlines. Actually dont buy the game either way at the current price and I'll get to the reasons why below. Please pardon any spelling mistakes as I have wrote quite a lot.Story. Oh boy. Its nothing spectacular, but its not a bad one either, the problem is that its just...average and boring as hell. Literally the whole plot is as described, finding the cure to the epidemic and thats it. You find the cure and its game over. The huge problem with this is that, without spoiling much, the reason for the plague is so ♥♥♥♥ign stupid it could've been solved easily since you're a vampire and the game points out that you can see the truth better and force others to tell you the truth. Obviously the game has some lore and there are pieces of the story that will probably create a bigger picture in the end but honestly there are no good twists, no gruesome events or plots and the main story is basically talking endlessly and its very VERY tedious. Some will find things to love such as the lore of vampires and whatnot but honestly its nothign we havent heard a lot of times. Higher vampires are the rich, lower vampires are the poor ugly, and plenty of other breeds as you'd expect. Sadly they never truly explore this side of the lore. Its just there, deal with it, you're shockingly one of the better vampires. There is one scene that I enjoyed and that was the graveyard boss. I wont go into details but it was good even though I saw it coming miles away. The choices that the game marketed are trivial. Most of them have 0 inpact on the story, they're just fake dialogue choices making the social aspect, even more tedious as I mentioned. What matters for the 2 dumb endings is a gameplay mechanic. Gameplay consists on 3 aspects. Socializing, district managing and combat. Socializing as I mentioned is boring and pointless, with a few minor exceptions, that puts you, into endless talking ruining the pacing of the game completely. I think I spent 3 hours the first time I arrived at the hospital. If I knew talking to all the people would mean nothing in the end, I would've just rushed it. You gain tiny amounts of xp by talking and finding more interesting things about the characters, which raises the npc's blood xp which helps if you want to go on a killing path. If you do go on such a path, the socializing mechanic feels somewhat useful since you'll gain more xp once you learned every characters secret HOWEVER and this is ♥♥♥♥ing huge, because this is the path I went, if you choose to be a good vampire, you're ♥♥♥♥ed and you're just wasting your time talking with them. The only time it matters is when you're getting a side quest. Do you know which character will give you a side quest? No, you will not, so you will be forced to talk to everyone. Its ridiculous. Now district managing is basically the health status of all the citizens in each district. Every time you sleep, if you want to spend xp and learn skills, the district will suffer, either by citizens getting sick or other events which you may have caused or not, such as killing citizens. If the district drops below a certain threshold, its completely ♥♥♥♥ed and theres no turning back or saving it which in turn will affect the ending you get, which you may have figured out, its the bad one. SO yes, thats the only mechanic that actually changes the ending. You can be an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ in every dialogue, it wont matter, as long as the districts are good, you'll get the good ending. Now district managing also has a really dumb mechanic and lacks a very huge one for an open ended world. You have to go to each citizen and give them a medicine in order to keep their health up and the status of the district steady. Now that doesnt sound bad, but there is no ♥♥♥♥ing fast travel. You will have to run like a ♥♥♥♥ing madman all around the map giving each citizen a medicine because they're all dumb as ♥♥♥♥ and cant keep themselves healthy. Now if you choose to go the good vampire route, expect a lot less xp and be prepared to face bosses and opponents 10 levels above you. Combat is fairly easy and as with everything else, its just boring. Some boss fights are cool but too few out of all the tedious talking to matter. DOnt bother upgrading and trying to find all weapons. The first few weapons you get, if you upgrade them fully, will be more than enough to help you through the game. Honestly combat is one of the less bad things about the game and I actually enjoyed everytime I went into combat or boss fights. Atmosphere is good. It does actually capture the bad times in London quite well and the lighting and locations are all unique. Sadly it lacks verticality and exploration. There are very few buildings you can actually enter and theres rarely something interesting to see that will impress you. Gets boring fast since you'll be running and going through the same places over and over a lot of times. Sound design is quite good as well. Voice acting is great, soundtrack is fine and sound effects are decent, no complaints here. Overall, the game has huge pacing issues and its just really boring to play. Its not a bad game, its just that it feels pointless and tedious and no fun at all. No amazing deep story, no memorable characters, no unique places. Its just very average and for that huge price I cannot recommend it at all. Get it on a huge sale 6/10.
TimeTr4veler	Recommended	78.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Timetr4veler/	This is the first Video Game i have played where you play as a Vampire. And i have to say that this is a masterpiece not only as a video game but a masterpiece in Vampire genre itself.  It combines the horrors of Vampire literature and magnificence of early 20th century London with some amazing melancholic music in the background. Is it worth the money and time? For me the background music alone make it worthy of my time. I have seen a lot of people complaining about the combat system being simplistic, i agree that combat could be better but it still is good and enjoyable as it is. It is similar to Ciri's combat system in Witcher 3. I have also seen complaints about the voice acting and dialogues but i absolutely disagree with those and in my opinion voice acting and dialogues  are absolutely fantastic. Another unnecessary complaint  i heard was about facial expressions. Again facial exressions are absolutely fine.  It is a role playing game where you can't choose your own character but it is entirely upto you how you build the character of the character you're playing using different abilities and choices. Another complaint i have read about is game being too hard if you play a good guy. Again not true, difficulty is quite manageble no matter how you choose to play.  If you are a fan of this genre or you enjoy story rich games i highly recommend this game to you. Do not miss it.
Yorick	Not Recommended	43.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/yoricksrequiem/	This review contains spoilers. Lots of them. As someone who really loved Life is Strange, I had high hopes for Vampyr. The problem with Dontnod’s sophomoric game is that it feels… sophomoric. It’s perhaps because Life is Strange was such an unexpected and promising start to a studio that I had higher hopes. Life is Strange perfected the Telltale formula in a way that Telltale never managed, and while the writing felt over the top at points, it worked for what the game was, in the same way that Max Payne’s over the top writing worked for what the game was. With Vampyr, Dontnod attempted to keep a similar dialogue system, to keep the idea of “choices matter”, and to address some of the complaints about Life is Strange that it didn’t feel enough like a “game” - by adding a combat system, quests / side quests, and some RPG mechanics (crafting, abilities, level, etc). Some of these things work better than others. ConversationsThe game absolutely shines when you’re talking to people, learning about them, and trying to solve what problems of theirs you can. It presents interesting moral questions about who you would choose to kill as a vampire. You saved a criminal’s life, who is intending to go back to crime. Do you kill him? What about someone who attempted suicide, and will very likely try again? Do you play Dr Kevorkian and end his suffering? Do you remove the obstacles in his path in the hopes that he can still thrive?There’s a metagame at play, too, where there are multiple districts, each with a stability rating is impacted by how well the people there are doing, so you can save a district by helping its people, as easily as you can plunge it into chaos. This aspect of the game feels Sherlock Holmesian in a very positive way, and is by far the best thing about it.CombatThe combat is neither fun nor satisfying, which is a shame since it is such a large part of the game.I was attempting a run where I didn’t kill any civilians, something I’ve enjoyed doing ever since playing Dishonored. In that game, you can use teleports and invisibility to avoid combat. You can use stealth attacks to shut people down. Not so in this. While there is a teleport, it’s only used for scripted areas. While there is invisibility, most enemies can see right through it. You can sprint through a lot of combat encounters, but it hardly feels vampiric.Since combat is often mandatory, it should be enjoyable, and perhaps for some people it is. I found it comparable to Dark Souls, though not even implemented as well. You can lock onto targets, dodge, stun, and you have a stamina bar. If you have an enemy stunned, you can bite them to drink some blood that powers your stronger abilities. It falls somewhere between hack and slash and tactical, depending on what you’re fighting and what your level is. It also is not interesting or fun. Boss fights suffer from the Dark Souls problem of “Hurl your corpse at the boss over and over until you learn the three patterns they use”, which I don’t find challenging or interesting, just annoyingly time consuming.When you die, there is no consequence except for everything has respawned and whatever items you used stay used. This can be hugely frustrating for larger fights, where you’re close to winning and use your potions and bullets because it feels like a sure thing, and then end up dying (often as the result of a chain combo or mind-numbingly fast poison), only to find yourself in a far worse position for the next time. Because I was trying not to kill civilians, I was also perpetually severely under-leveled and under-geared. While this is a self-imposed difficulty, since it is an option (and the game rewards it with a different ending and achievements) it would be nice if you had more tools to actually achieve it. The level cap is 50, and without killing any civilians, I was 38 when I beat the game, often I was fighting enemies who were between 7 and 9 levels above me. Because I was under-leveled for most combat encounters, I had to be extra careful. Most of winning fights for me consisted of biting an enemy at just the right time so as to get a locked animation that kept me from taking any damage. That’s.. Kind of in poor design. The enemies are all sort of boring. You have basically Skals (zombies), Vampire Hunters, Vampires, and Werewolf-type creatures. While there are a few different types of Vampire Hunters and Skals, everything still feels sort of the same. This one teleports, that one has a gun, this one summons shadows. But contrasted to the people in town all feeling like individuals, the enemies you encounter in the world all feel like carbon copies of the same cannon fodder. The WorldThe premise is cool - it’s ~1920, you’ve come back to England from World War 1, and the Spanish Flu is sweeping the country. That's all great. But the use of England itself isn’t interesting - it’s all very grey, dark, and drab. With the entire game taking place at night, you need something more than that to liven it up. You need interesting locations. I think of Vampire the Masquerade: Bloodlines, where you had locations like the Beach, or Chinatown, or a Haunted House, or a Gallery, and they all felt very different. 30 hours into Vampyr, I still get lost in the district of Whitechapel, because so many of the streets just look identical. If you showed me a screenshot and asked me to name the district, I’m not sure I could. The world also doesn’t much feel like it is portrayed to be. So many people are dying from the flu, and vampires are rare, yet there are vampire hunters every 15 feets roaming the streets in gangs. Just, thousands of people standing outside during an epidemic to fight things that they’ve never seen and may not even exist. It’s a really weird juxtaposition that doesn’t work. It also is strange that you learn so much about all of the people within the districts, they become friends and loved ones, yet everyone on the streets is just canon fodder for you to literally slash your way through. Dishonored is a game that I felt took this sort of time period and setting and did much more interesting things with it: The abundance of packs of rats that carried plague, whale oil powering technology. And while Vampyr establishes its own subspecies of vampires, none of it felt as interesting as The Outsider, with the exception of who your Maker is, a question whose answer I found somewhat underwhelming.Going back to the idea of leveling, the enemies in this feel like they scale based on where you are in the story, rather than what you have yourself actually gotten to. Not only does this mean that going back to previously visited locations because of a missed collectible can be annoying, rather than a breeze, but it also means it’s possible to get yourself into places that you shouldn’t be yet. And yes, part of that is the nature of open-world games, but in this game, just being in the proximity of an event can trigger a character being in danger, and you may not be strong enough to rescue them. They’re dead, because you wanted to explore London. Choices Matter…. Sometimes.(...CONTINUED IN COMMENTS)
ImaGrimGrimGuy	Recommended	31.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198204989940/	I pre-ordered this game excited to finally have a real vampire game that wasn't heavily modded skyrim or vampire the masquerade bloodlines.Did I like it? Yeh. Ees okay. I had fun, and that's what matters to me.Bad stuff:Mass Effect Andromeda:The animations are clunky and a little goofy at times, but if you watched the devstream of gameplay, you knew this was gonna happen. Hell, it looked worse in some of the earlier demos. I like companies that transparent about the developement process. I can't really be mad about something I knew I was getting.The edgelord factor:At times the dialoge in this game is... ooff, painful. It's good when it's kept simple, but when Jonathon starts waxing poetic about how he is dying inside and CUT MY LIFE INTO PIECES. Wow.Stability:I've had one hard crash so far, had to restart my computer, I've heard other people also get crashes. This will hopefully get patched?Good Stuff:The combat is fun.Really, it is. Pick moves that let you teleport around, they are fun and make you feel powerful.The story is interesting despite its simplicity:I really liked all the unexpected turns that the world took, where you would excpect things to go a certain way, only to be surprised later on. It was pretty dope, because this is not something I typically experience.Morality system:It's nice to have something that defies the binary of good and bad, it's more like: who do you want to have a good or bad time, and why? There isn't a right or wrong answer in this game, which is cool.I think the main thing that bugs people is that the combat is so clearly inspired by Bloodborne, and nothing can really come close to the perfection that is that game. It's not as good as Bloodborne, but I still found myself enjoying it.
Lucky Shot	Recommended	31.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/LuckIsMyOpium/	Great game! It wasn't really that hard to finish it without killing any civilian - I only died a few times to achieve it and it was worth it! The storyline and the combat are the greatest assets of this game! Thank you for creating this game (and Life is Strange too, obviously)!
Valdemar	Recommended	30.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/10_31/	It's 1918. Spanish flu is raging in the United Kingdom. In the story, known in London and beyond the doctor Jonathan Reid comes to life in a mass grave. Without understanding anything, the hero, led by an unclear force, bites into the throat of the first girl he meets and sucks out the blood. When he comes to, Jonathan realizes that he is a new vampire, and his first victim is his own sister.Having gathered strength, the hero decides at all costs to find out who turned him into a bloodsucker, and avenge the death of his sister. In the first minutes of the game, Jonathan meets the head of the local hospital, which in parallel with the medical activities involved in the study of vampires and even consists in a certain secret order.Jonathan agrees to work at the hospital on the night shift, so he will have a cover and the opportunity to conduct their search. Communicating with people in different parts of London, the hero learns a lot about them and opens lines in dialogues. The more information you can learn about a particular person, the more experience you can get if you suck the blood out of him. We're playing for a vampire, remember?But Vampyr gives you the opportunity to save the lives of the characters. It is not necessary to hypnotize each counter, to get him into the doorway and bite his fangs into his neck. The fewer people die because of your fault, the more peaceful the situation will be in each particular area of London. But without blood, the main character slowly pumps their skills, which means to fight monsters and vampire hunters each time it becomes more and more difficult.Murder not only give experience points, but also lead to completely non-obvious consequences. Vampyr-a game with a slight touch of nonlinearity. Killing any important character, you can seriously lower the level of prosperity of the district. There will be more monsters, and some chains of quests will be lost.It would seem that the solution is obvious: to pass the game with a conditional rating of "good", you just do not kill anyone. The battles will get harder, but everything else will be fine. But no. The consequences of your decisions can never be calculated in advance, and good intentions paved the road is clear where.Vampyr is not shy to manipulate the expectations of the player. Sometimes it's annoying ("I like the best, and now here it is!"), but in the end it turns out an interesting story. In addition, most of the characters are not so sweethearts as it seems at first glance.The most controversial part of Vampyr is the combat system. On the one hand, it is quite diverse. Pumping, Jonathan  gets new vampire skills that can be used in combat. This is spent blood-it must be sucked out of the enemies right during the battles. In addition, there is a variety of short-range and long-range weapons with a different set of characteristics.Vampyr is an atmospheric adventure game about a vampire who has become such not on their own. The history of a personal tragedy increases over time to the scale of the problems of the whole country. And defects in game mechanics in such context become almost imperceptible.OSThttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M2rG6jXWCQs 
Preator	Recommended	32.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198000207900/	Vampyr. A game developed by DONTNOD Entertainment. Published by Focus Home Interactive.This has been a rough year for games so far, personally at least. Plenty of titles that promised more than they provided, Experiences falling short. I had almost given up hope for a great game this year, Vampyr proved me wrong, This game is a breath of fresh air and it is a bittersweet victory, having finished it.But, with no further waiting. Let us begin.I normally do these reviews in 4 categories, Story, Gameplay, Graphics and Music. Followed by an overall summary. If you are adverse to long reviews please feel free to skip to the Overall section at the bottom.Story:This tale takes place in the early 1900's, following the events of WW1, Dr John Reid returns from his service to a city torn to pieces by an influenza epidemic, This is where he is attacked by a Vampire, and thus the tale begins. This game is built on it's rich story, the amount of lore and dialogue you are fed throughout your playtime will often leave you overwhelmed and confused, but as you progress through the main story, you will unravel alot of what is told to you. Small mysteries unravelling as you move around this heavy world. I thrive on heavy story lines, some of my most favorite game series' have been enveloped in heavy story lines and immense amounts of lore. This game caters to my tastes almost perfectly in this regard. There are a vast amount of collectible notes to find that help you understand the world you are dropped into, and immediately help you feel as though you are a part of it. There is also a vast amount of dialogue to work through. Which also helps you realise the situation surrounding you. The story is probably the better half of 30 hours if you are a completionist like i am. I spent alot of time searching everywhere, for everything i could find. I think for the average gamer this will be about a 20 hour adventure. The main character is incredible. He is so masterfully detailed on his own, and he speaks so intelligently that he alone is a captivating experience. With his own fears and goals in his .."undead life". Your decisions help deepen his character as a whole and develops as you progress through the game.Gameplay:Gameplay overall in Vampyr is solid. The combat as a whole has been very well done, In a way reminds me alot of Dark Souls where you have Stamina and "magic" if you will to help you defeat opponents, although the combat is no where near as difficult as Dark Souls, nor as frustrating. Death basically has no effect on you at all, you respawn at the previous checkpoint as if nothing happened, reborn at full health and ready again to attempt the creature or persons that killed you. There is a minor amount of dodging, being a Vampire your reflexes are faster than most and thus you are able to avoid most attacks if you know the movesets. There are also a lot of weapons you can choose to use, from 1 handed swords, to 2 handed scythes, to shotguns and pistols, All with their own benefits and hinderances. The combat is never incredibly difficult even if you choose to remain "sober" throughout the game, which i guess is a little sad, but this game isn't a combat adventure its a story.The part that makes this game shine so brightly is it's levelling system, you must eat citizens around the town to drain them of their blood and thus allow you to evolve through sleep. Though killing citizens can cause the world to change around you rather considerably, this is best done in small doses, even though their blood offers you the most amount of XP per kill. This is a mechanic left in your hands, The game can be very difficult if you never feed, or incredibly easy depending on your frequency of feedings, But again the world will morph around you for better or worse, you must live with your decisions for you cannot reload to a time before it.There is alot of praise in the paragraphs above about this game, but there are a couple of nagging points that really bothered my while playing this game. Firstly. Your character can be a bit clunky at times, the combat is smooth and fluid. But on the odd occasion John can not react so smoothly as you'd have expected and it will probably often cause you to die. Secondly, upon picking up collectible notes around the world, the game automatically lets you read them, but as you do this, the game doesn't allow you to scroll down...This is ridiculous really, meaning you have to escape out of the note, go back into your bag, find the note again and read it to allow you to read it all. This isn't a HUGE deal, but it definitely is frustrating to say the least.Graphics:This game is beautiful. Even though the world is dark, dingy and incredibly dirty. Wet and dank streets, flooded with dead bodies and blood. The world is masterfully detailed and this really is a testament to the developers. The game runs solidly on my mid-high end computer at a safe 60+ FPS on Ultra settings with no point dropping below this at all. (See my profile for comp specs). This game is wonderfully detailed and beautiful to look at. Never noticing tears or jagged misplaced graphical errors. I have heard from a few people that the game for them has the tendency to crash, but mine ran very smoothly and never crashed during my playtime.Music:This game has such an eloquent sadness to it. That it's almost feels as though any sort of musical score would diminish its ambience. This is totally incorrect, the somber and droll tones that proceed throughout the game following the neighbourhoods you visit and the places you are wandering through is absolutely miraculous to say the least. Each score is perfectly placed and incredibly adds so much ambience to the already rich world.Overall: Like i said earlier, this game is a near masterpiece. Beautifully detailed, Fluid and smooth combat and gameplay with a rich and vibrant storyline that helps keep you enthralled through it's roughly 30 hours of gameplay. This game is a no brainer purchase for me, And i would be a fool to have skipped this experience. It was an amazing take on the already saturated vampire landscape of movies and games. And it is probably now my favorite of it's type without a doubt.Buy this game. You will not regret it. It is a testament to amazing developers and is made for lovers of story.
Abydon 'Grey-Röck' Belegarssøn	Not Recommended	11.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Masterchiefs/	Vampyr is less of an RPG but more of a brawler than happens to have progression and dialogues, one that has too much style but no substance.Apparently in Dontnod's design books, two people talking to each other is enough to be considered a piece of dialogue, but they forgot that the art of conversations in video games is much more than that. This game has a pretty rigid question -> answer flow when it comes to conversations that feels more like flipping pages in a book. What you can do when talking to NPCs 90% of the time is literally purging information out of the opposite person, there's no argument or conviction or showing compassion, and if they do appear then they are for the most part, inconsequential.In fact, "inconsequential" is probably the word that I can use to describe almost all non-combat mechanics in Vampyr. See, since this game has no dialogue skill check, reputation, karma or anything that affects people's attitude towards you, what remains is a simplistic "hint system" that is just hidden information can be found through dialogues and item hunting. Thing is, the new dialogue choices that you just unlocked within a specific NPCs? They don't really matter in any sense of context, they don't give you sprawling quests or anything that affects their decision or motivation, these hints are basically a collection of fun facts about that NPC. The only benefit for discovering their backstories is because they will give you a huge amount of XP when you decide to drink their blood, which leads to another problem...... Vampyr has a fixed protagonist which is Jonathan Reid, doctor, ex-WW soldier, prestigious family member, good samaritan. The way the story unfolds pretty much wants Jonathan to be a good guy and of course you can play the entire game as a good guy, drinking blood is not a requirement, it's just a shortcut through the already laughable difficulty. This rendered the entire hint/backstory mechanic completely inconsequential as unlocking NPC's extra dialogues is a rigid busywork, not compelling discovery potential, and what you get for doing that ultimately is a bunch of ♥♥♥♥ing nothing because the game doesn't incentivize you enough to drink people's blood. I can't think of any reason to warrant that action unless player's curious to see how it affects the world.And as I mentioned above, since there's no karma/reputation, the way a lot of people respond to you is just.. I don't know how to describe by words. For example a woman who is♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at Jonathan because he dresses elegantly in a rotten city that's plagued with sickness, I explained to her that I'm a doctor and offered medicine, she thanked Jonathan and took back her words about him earlier. Guess what? 2 seconds later, I initiated new conversation with her and she again called me a ♥♥♥♥ing prick just like the very first dialogue piece. Was Dontnod serious when they thought this kind of dialogue design is acceptable in a near full priced game with high production value? This♥♥♥♥♥♥is scrapping bottom of the barrel, this is literally grade A ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t from a developer who has some very basic knowledge on how to make a story driven "role playing game". It's like these guys watched some Mass Effect footages and decided "yep, it's easy as ♥♥♥♥ we can do it too", they're completely clueless when it comes to C&C jesus ♥♥♥♥ing christ, even the one dimensional ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t Paragon/Renegade in ME has more weight than this.The combat isn't bad, it's functional, it's more tight and reliable than several other Eurojank games for sure, but it's repetitive quickly. Abilities that consume blood you suck from enemies in combat and operate on cooldown have one note effect like dealing damage, stunning enemies or dealing more damage, they don't really synergize to each other and do very little to mix up the usual attack-dodge combat loop. There's no parry, stealth, backstab or any unique trait to this mechanic aside from stunning enemies to refill blood (which, let's be honest here, is mana). Level and abilities don't affect your dealt damage, that's on weapons and you don't really discover new weapons quickly. Level design reminds me of Spiders' Technomancer in the sense of "fake open", it mostly consists of narrow corridors with poor direction hint, enemies that respawn after resting (which is needed to level up), no fast travel, not a lot of memorable landmarks that help you get familiar with the city, and loads of annoying backtracking.3/10, my most regrettable purchase in the last 3 years. A lot of potential in the atmosphere, aethestic and decent voice acting. I haven't played far enough to fully judge the main plot's writing, but based on what I experienced through side contents, honestly I don't expect anything more. Dontnod simply isn't ready to make a game on this scale.
Danny	Recommended	15.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/danyela94/	(Ignore the hours - I played a lot offline) If you are looking for an Action RPG with heavy combat mechanics then this is not the game for you!This is a Story RPG, where your actions matter and have consequences! There will be some grinding/looting - fights are required in order to advance in the story and they will be troublesome early on (before you get a grasp of the mechanics - which are not as bad as people describe, they just take some getting used to)One of the things that will (might) impact your playthrough is the fact that you can't save and the game only features auto save. I would have really loved being able to save before an important decision and not having the game immediately save after I took a decision... There's some sort of replayability too - you can always start over and choose a different build, choose to heal/save/kill different NPCs to read/ hear about them after they die.A really nice touch for me is the Romanian lore included in the game (I'm Romanian). The fact that there's also a Romanian prostitute (if not the only one in the whole game) is a nice touch as it is sadly somewhat representative.I overall enjoy the game so far, the graphics are really great and I would recommend that you play the game with a controller. Also, read all of the notes! They add so much to the experience.You might encounter a crash now and then but so far they've been really rare and I was unable to repro them. The only thing you lose (from what I noticed) when you die is blood which can be easily gained back in a fight or from rats so that's also a nice thing given the clunky fighting mechanics.
Synth3D	Recommended	26.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SYNTH3D/	A Cult ClassicIn a world of multiplayer gaming and clones, Dontnod have stepped outside the box to create something innovative and rare in today's industry - Those games that garner a cult classic following - Beyond Good & Evil, Vampire: The Masquerade - Bloodlines. Vampyr is NOT Dark Souls or Devil May Cry and it does not claim to be, I advise fans of those games to check out Devil May Cry 5 or Darksiders 3.Developed by Dontnod entertainment, known for the unique art style of a Cyberpunk Paris in Remember Me and the small Twin-Peaks esque town of Arcadia Bay in Life is Strange. Dontnod entertainment take a completely new direction by taking us to the city of London set before the Interwar period of Britain. The details of the city and environments truly shine from dark and bleak streets to houses torn asunder by the plague, poverty and the Great War.Inspired by the poem The Vampire and the great Gothic fiction novellists of the Victorian era, Vampyr offers an atmosphere and immersion with compelling dialogue lingers against the eerie backdrop of London. The voice acting is top-par with an excellent performance from Anthony Howell and truly gives the game a sense of narrative identity as you follow esteemed high ranking military surgeon Jonathon E.Reid in his adventure to uncover the truth of his vampirism. The protagonist is believable for the era as female doctors were extremely rare and the developers used only British voice actors to capture the authenticity of the setting, I have to applaud the developers for focusing on creating an authentic game that does not pander to modern politics.Roleplaying with the Citizen SystemWhat is truly unique is that the dificulty is determined by how many people you kill to evolve your powers. Will you be a blood-starved vampire that seeks to do good with attachment to your former life as a Doctor or will you embrace the Vampire and create chaos in the city of London?A. Play as Jonathon Reid, the good doctor that heals the citizens at the cost of not evolving your powers..but with the reward of preserving your humanity.B. Play as the Vampyr, a beast that drinks the blood of the citizens to evolve his powers, becoming the Vampire of night.The game focuses on the theme of morality in a city that has been blown apart by external circumstances - World War 1 and the Spanish plague and Jonathon's own awakening as he struggles between being both a doctor and a vampire. https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1403579747 There are four main districts which have a health bar and as the gauge drops lower, citizens are more likely to get sick and the district will begin to deteriorate. The choices you make, good or bad will determine your ending.. It is a truly unique feature and something I have not seen in other games.Every character is unique and well-written to create a sense of empathy and to appeal to your sense of humanity, Dontnod are truly masters of the craft when it comes to creating a bond between player and NPC. It is where the game shines and while it doesn't offer the roleplaying possibilities of Vampire: The Masquerade - Bloodlines, it does offer well crafted content for any roleplaying fans.Combat - A Poor Man's Witcher IIISadly, the responsiveness and animations often leave something to be desired as you mash buttons on your controller. The combat itself is nothing spectacular but it is feasible if viewed as an interlude to a narrative story-driven game. The combat is best described as a poor man's version of The Witcher III, I do not recommend the game if you are buying solely for the combat as there are many other games that are leagues better.ConclusionFans of the Vampire genre or gothic fiction will feel right at home with Vampyr, offering unique roleplaying elements and a beautiful setting that will beg them to overlook the faults of the game. Vampyr offers a compelling and unique narrative drama with innovative roleplaying elements that are rare in today's gaming industry.
RiseraAkasha	Recommended	19.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/OtakuNikku/	NOTE TO HESITANT BUYERS ----If this game looks intresting to you then you should ignore the reviews and try it, i dont know why people keep compairing it to games that it is not, its not dark souls, its not a hack and slash like DMC, ist Vampyr. but i guess every 3rd person game now its "a copy of darksouls" even though dark souls wasnt at all the first to make a game like that.GAMEPLAY/STORY ---- Gameplay is fluent, game isnt difficult, story is intresting i love the skill tree, be what ever kind of vamp you want. no bugs so far, just watch the trailers on steam and if it looks intresting to you, youll like it, if not, you wont.
HuntedNord	Recommended	13.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/IAmAutisticAF/	boring at first but gets more fun the more you play. in my opinion it is worth the money.
Anubis	Recommended	23.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197961137090/	I don't usually do reviews... but for this I had to. Having just completed my first play through all I can say is "Wow". The game has a compelling story line that actually made me follow it's every twist and turn. It made me want to read every book, pamplet, and iota of in-game lore that it presented.  This is a game that tells a gripping and detailed story which comprised of plot twists and narrative usually reserved for best selling fantasy novels. Now praise aside: How/what is it?Pros: The story is complex and addictive. The graphics, while not the best in the industry, are very appealing. The map/graphical designers put a lot of effort into small details(With a small caveat.. see cons.) and the environment is rich. The voices and dialogue are spot on and implemented well.  The mechanics for getting to know your victims and the region health added to the games appeal. The combat, while simple, was fun and enjoyable.Cons: The camera sometimes works against you in combat, also with ctrl + targeting this can be a pain in tough fights. The maps, while rich, have a lot of unopenable doors and sometimes feel too linear. I feel like this could be longer but i'm hoping for some DLC or expansions.Overall a very enjoyable game that I will be playing through again. Grats to the developers and hoping to see more of this soon.
G00N3R	Not Recommended	22.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197969417125/	Vampyr is a third person action game set in London, 1918, at a time when the city is suffering from an outbreak of both Spanish Flu, and vampirism.I was really excited about playing this game. I’m a big fan of vampire media, especially TV shows such as Buffy, Angel, The Originals, The Strain and many others. And the developers are Dontnod, whose previous games include the amazing Life is Strange and the underrated Remember Me. But I’m sad to say that Vampyr has been a massive disappointment for me. The combat system is poor when compared to the likes of Batman Arkham or Shadow of Mordor. I especially don’t like that attacking and dodging use the same stamina bar, so when this runs out (which it will during fights against multiple enemies) you can’t do anything for a few seconds. Boss fights feature one of my most hated gaming mechanics – minions who respawn infinitely until you kill the boss (which takes forever because the never ending minions constantly get in the way, made worse by the fact that vampire bosses have regenerating health).The story is boring, and I didn’t find any of the characters interesting. Level design is poor - you have the ability to teleport to high ledges ... sometimes. When the developers decided to allow it. Oh, the street ahead is blocked by a locked gate and there's a high ledge nearby? No, you can't teleport up there because reasons.But my biggest disappointment is from a roleplaying point of view. The thing that I was most excited about is that the player character, Jonathan Reid, is both a doctor who wants to save people, and a vampire who needs to feed on people. I imagined a game full of tough moral choices. Unfortunately, while its technically possible to play non lethally, its far more difficult than in the likes of Dishonored or Deus Ex.The quickest way to gain XP to level up and become stronger is by killing innocent people and feeding on their blood. If you try to be an Angel style good vampire, you’ll be significantly underpowered in combat. For example, even after I'd given in and fed a couple of times, I was level 15 and I encountered a level 22 enemy who literally killed me in 2 hits. If I hadn’t fed at all, I would probably have been around level 10 at that time. Later in the game, after feeding on 4 or 5 people, I was still fighting enemies 6 or 7 levels above me. Eventually I just decided to go on a killing spree to get the game over with. Combat isn’t difficult when you’re appropriately levelled up compared to your enemies.So the difficulty balance puts pressure on you to feed on innocent civilians, but what really ruins the game for me is that feeding is an all or nothing deal. You either drain all the civilian’s blood for XP, or leave them alone and get nothing. You don't get the option to drink some blood, maybe gain half of the available XP, leave the civilian alive and compel them to forget – which is something that happens in most vampire TV shows, and would provide the player with a similar choice to the one in Bioshock regarding the Little Sisters.Meanwhile, you don’t have any non-lethal takedown moves to use during regular combat, so as you travel back and forth across the city, you’ll have to slaughter dozens of vampire hunters, who are actually the good guys because they're trying to protect those innocent civilians from monsters like “Doctor” Reid. I’m sure some players won’t have a problem with this, but it isn't how I imagined playing the game.
[HDF] SnowBall	Not Recommended	30.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/snowbawl/	Product received for free
Power Overwhelming	Not Recommended	26.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197969926738/	Not recommendable at the current price. This game is worth a maximum of 20. Wait for sales. Its a good idea that got implemented very very poorly in terms of technical refinement. The combat is extremly clumsy, theres an obvious metabuild you have to run if u dont want to hustle in every fight for no reason when u could also 3shot the enemy while invincible. I would not recommend to play this game on mouse and keyboard, its definitly not optimized for that at all. The whole socialsystem of the game is a joke, loveless, i rarely have an urge to talk to anyone about anything. Even the clumsy combat feels more thrilling than a talk with another nurse about how bad her current situation is just to find out shes ♥♥♥♥in some gangmember. Whatever..
Malefice	Recommended	32.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197994190576/	Vampyr is more about the story and interesting moral decision making than the combat. The game encourages you to find out about your potential victims, and decide which of them you can drain and kill to become more powerful without feeling like a complete monster. A good chunk of the game is dedicated to this, so there is a lot of dialogue if you play it as intended.The combat is pretty good fun, but is a bit flawed and gets stale towards the end.I really liked the game but I can see why it divides opinions.
ад	Recommended	22.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/igotnofuckingidea/	To be blunt, it feels like playing a book... and I'm loving it. It really is what it was advertised as. A story driven action rpg if I remember correctly. The music is well chosen and fits the setting extremely well.The graphics are your run-of-the-mill unreal engine graphics. Doesn't mean it's bad though, clean and atmospheric is what it'd describe them as. When you hit an enemy and see the health disappear from the the healthbar it has an extremely smooth and satisfying feel to it. Combat to me feels very fluid as well: dodge the enemies attack and weave your attacks into your dodge pattern and you have a fun fight with interesting abilities. Or you can just brute force the enemies and see how far you come with that, works as well. All in all I'm very satisfied and would recommend anyone with a itch for some vampire action or who just wants a neat story to get it.
Uncle Jesse	Recommended	201.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/bbloodfart/	Im at the 200 hour mark.This is not an open world. It's one of the most closed off and claustrophobic scams Ive ever played.  It doesnt mean its bad.  Arkham Asylum and Bioshock were claustrophobic and at least one of those was a great game.But we've been there and we've done that.  Remember back when you were not aloud to go were ever you wanted in San Andreas and Red Dead until you completed storylines.  Well it's back in spades. When I realized I was being funneled and tooled by barricades, enemies with r>e>tard>ed high numbers above their heads, and locked gates, I realized that the game might be behind the times a bit.Then I got into a few brawls with local NPC's and  it was obvious that the comat fell behind the times too.  The combat was trapped in an awkward world - somewhere between Assassins Creed Brotherhood and Dark Souls. It didnt fit in with how great and interesting the rest of the game was.  For me, the rest of the game made up for it.  *the rest of the game is what Telltale games should have been like, so expect the heaviest dialogue.  You can just go around talking to people for hours. This is a warning to the reader if ya hadn't heard.Heavey dialogue is the liver and onions while being a Vampire is the cake for dessert.  All that the dialogue really is, is the immersive set up and anticipation for feasting on people, then witnessing consequences later on.  Some times you're trying to woo these people, other times your just trying to get laid, but it's always fun when you finally escalate to the gnawing skulls and munching faces. Always eat the butt. Write that down.NPC's Notice when there pals go missing.  Its that kind of attention to detail that convinced me that love was put into this game, so I will recommend it. I'd wait for a sale.
Revalopod	Recommended	24.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/revcat/	Product received for free
Zauberer von Oz	Recommended	10.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197992829356/	There are games which are near perfection, everything flows perfectly together and the polishment of every single aspect is done in an amzing detail. But you cant feel the passion of it´s creators, maybe because of the "formula X" how a AAA Game needs to be developed today or maybe because the sheer amount of polishment erased every form of corners and edges defining what it was in the developer´s minds.Well, this isnt one of those games.Vampyr is a game with flaws, it isnt the perfect 10/10, the new genre measure.But this game has one thing lots of games seem to be lacking, mostly in the AAA department, and that sits at its core and lets every other part of it shine.And that is the games, the developer´s, heart that you can feel in every little bit of the game.Clever ideas flow together with a sheer amount of passion and ambition, that i cant help but feel enjoyment playing this game.Yes, systems in this game arent perfection but they are creative new approaches, the scaling difficulty for example is a brilliant idea. Learning about all the people living in this ficitional London feels like the best bits of Life is Strange coming back to life.I LOVE (or love to hate) every single character i´ve encountered so far.And even the combat, which gets criticised quite often, is really fun. The Vampire powers feel really good, jumping from enemy to enemy and sometimes obliterating them is quite satisying.This game is no pure perfection, no pure formula.This game is the idea, the heart and the soul of its creative creators and these guys really tried pushing their boundaries.There are games which are near perfection, this game isnt one of them and this is why i enjoy it so much
Kin.rawr [Woken Furies]	Recommended	24.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kinare/	Is the game worth full price? Normally I might say "no" because I finished the game in ~25hrs while taking my time (I missed a few little things). However, I've been pretty bored lately, and this game provided a pleasant distraction and I'm actually sad that it's over now.I did a pacifist run without guides. I started out thinking I would just nom the folks who I didn't like, especially because I don't enjoy very difficult games and supposedly the game gets much harder if you do a pacifist run. It might be harder, but not impossibly so once you have a decent understanding of the combat and how you can "cheese" the more difficult encounters.Cons:1. Like many, my biggest gripe is the combat. It's very janky. The targeting system sucks, so I went without it, which at times was annoying (like in groups of 3 or more enemies).2. Subtitles spoiled a part of the story for me because it always says who is talking instead of "unknown" or something instead if you've not met that character yet.3. There's no refunding exp once used. Having done this the pacifist way meant I was short on exp to begin with, so trying out skills ended up being a waste.4. There's no going back to previous saves. If you go to the ending area there is no way to go back and finish what you missed, even after completing the game. If I want to get the things I missed I need to start over or download someone else's save.Neutral:1. World enemies respawn when you die, but you can run right past them. Just dodge and keep moving.2. Boss fights are interesting imo, but easily "cheesed" with the right skills and use of dodge. It's kinda necessary for anyone doing a pacifist run because bosses and some world enemies hit extremely hard if you make one wrong move and both stamina and blood can become difficult to manage.3. The map is semi-open world. Initially you will be on a linear path, and after that the world opens up bit by bit as you progress in the main story. Many might not like this, but since I find it a pro I put it under "neutral". Massive open world games with tons to do tend to overwhelm me.Pros:1. I enjoyed the story. I'm not one who likes vampires, but I do like dark stories, so decided to take the risk. The vampires aren't the annoying "Hollywood" types. There is a bit of a love story, but it's not eye-roll enducing.2. Crafting materials were not hard to keep stock of, nor was money since I was able to sell a lot of crafting materials.3. Choices matter and I always felt like they would, which is what made me end up doing a pacifist run.4. Despite doing this the pacifist way, I didn't feel behind on levels. I got enough skills to make it work. Only a couple bosses were frustrating, and both were before I got a ranged blood drain skill.
FR33DOM	Not Recommended	10.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198836235129/	This game is very promising at first. It has an interesting story, and likable characters. The game actually starts out fun.But as I continued to play, the story started to feel dull. The combat, which it average at best, became very repetative to the point where I dreaded actually fighting. The story feels like a drg and there's only one character that is truly interesting past the five hour mark of the game.This is not a bad game by any means. I just got bored with it far before I finished it.
manwhat	Not Recommended	30.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/buggritall/	I really wanted to like this game, but it's just spread itself too thin.The graphics and mood are nice, but setting itself in London, permanently at night, means it's moody but not particularly pretty or enjoyable. Bloodborne without the fantasy ends up just looking drab.The combat itself is a Bloodborne copy. The special moves add some interest to the game, as well as the stun system, but overall almost every enemy is dealt with the same way and the variety present is more aggravating than it is irritating. The boss fights, too, feel like health sponges that don't do much to distinguish themselves.  The 'story' parts boil down to hitting every single dialogue tree node, then talking to every other person in the area to get their nodes. It's time consuming and few NPCs are actually interesting in any way.And that's the entire gameplay loop. Do some Bloodborne combat, maybe unlock some shortcuts. Then talk to dull NPCs for a half hour straight. Repeat through the entire game. There's nothing more to it - no minigames, no interesting modes of exploration, no variety.  The story itself is OK, but not particularly special. Nothing particularly comes as a surprise, or makes you feel attached to anyone.  If you just buy Vampire Bloodlines, the decade old game, and play it with some mods up to the two-thirds mark, you'll honestly have a better time. Buy that instead.
scheneia	Not Recommended	30.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198052380116/	I waited and waited to write a review hoping the game would somehow redeem itself. I can't really call it bad, but it will frustrate you as a gamer on every level.The characters are extremely schematic and the story is rushed, you can´t make yourself care for anyone main protagonist included. Even if you open your heart and really try, the only believable emotional component of the whole game is nagging. "I´m a cursed devilish creature, I´m a doctor and I gotta kill, the city is decaying, people die boo hoo hoo". The all-in-all design is coherent with the story in a dark urban decay kinda way, but you´ll ask yourself where the ♥♥♥♥ am I and where the ♥♥♥♥ do I go every couple minutes. Everything looks the same, there´s very little to interact with, pretty much the whole map is a "look don´t touch" kinda concept with a few exclusionsThe map is god awful, there´s no way highlighting and in the beginning half of the streets are blocked, so even if you make your peace with the map you´ll still run around lost like an idiot. No fast travel, duh. This was probably the most annoying moment, even a poorly written game should at least be well playable.Fights are hard, but in a tedious way, there´s little enemy variety and when you figure out their pattern it´s just jumping around - landing a few hits - more jumping around.I seriously don´t know why I keep playing it: the story sucks and the fights are annoying, there´s nothing to explore...apparently there´s something addicting, but in a very sick kinda way. I don´t want to play it yet I do. We need revival of Vampire the Masquerade franchise asap, cause playing this is a gamers equivalent of feasting on rat blood. We need our dignity back.  
Kodijack!	Recommended	11.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kodijack/	Recommended? (AKA tl;dr)It's no bad game. But it's no great game either. It's okay overall.The game delivered exactly what I expected: Mediocre game-play, nice story, very linear.Nice theme, pretty atmosphere, some adorable characters you really want to heal (and others you really want to hug in the vampires special way). But then there'snothing more. You healed them, you uncovered some hints about them, and then you'll end up with one-liners from everyone. Forever. Everyone seems deep but is not.There could've been done much more. Even side-quests in Witcher 3 offered more character depth.Yet it's still an interesting system which sometimes even reminded me of solving crimes in the last Sherlock Holmes-games (in a much more simple way though).And then there's the other side. The combat. Too much for a game that claims to be about story. Sometimes very interesting to fiddle finding the balancewith your skills to own the enemies. The next time you're nearing a rage-quit. Not because it's too hard, but because it's not polished enough.What nearly killed it for me is the typical disease of our current Zeitgeist: Consoles. Vampyr reeks of console-optimization from every pore. Bad interface, horriblekeyboard+mouse-settings, FPS-lock (yuk!), tiny FoV (unchangeable, horrible!), no ultrawidescreen, ugly combat, nasty targeting, et cetera. The usual culprits."Vampire The Masquerade: Redemption/Bloodlines" did nearly everything better (except for a good start): Story, Character-depth, soundtrack, logic, consistency, fighting. And that a felt 500 years ago.Considering it's the companys first RPG, that's a good start. With a lot more polishing and refining and more focus on story and depth rather than repetitive combat, this could've been great. But it's just OK.The good (what to love): Vampire-Sense looks awesome. Nicely done! The setting is convincing, everything's fitting Finally some bloddy British English and not the usual American :-) The social system is interesting and it's quite fun to untangle the mysteries and relationships and fates. The story is OK. Nothing we haven't seen in that genre already, but still more refreshing than Elves and Orcs or the next World-War-Shooter. Visuals are good, with enough love for tiny details. Embracing is done pleasing, both in audio and video. Sadly not game-play-wise. Killing your prey is safe. No "is anyone watching?"-risk like in VTM.The mediocre (neither good nor bad, or simply not objectively either): VERY linear. And every time you think "OH! I could explore ther...." No you can't, a shoe-box is blocking the mighty Vampires way or a locked gate/door. No gore, no dismemberment, no blood. IN A VAMPIRE-GAME. Slashing foes, biting foes and it's all clean. And they all leave a clean corpse behind. Now many people won't care, but I do. It kills a good part of the combat. And it's really ironic in a game about blood basically. Some music is really great, some is really annoying and totally unfitting. Sadly so, but I know most people don't care for the score much anyway.The ugly (what to hate, may kill the fun): Exploration (if even possible) is mostly pointless except for character-related hints, crafting ingredients and some collectibles. Meh. Don't care for collectibles and wanna kill everyone anyway? Even worse then. Respawn. Ugh. Sleep and every enemy is back there again (not just the monsters, but the humans too). I know that may have been done for those who don't want to embrace ANYONE so they at least could stupidly grind. But can't we make that an OPTION? I prefer to CLEAR an area of everything. It gives a sense of progression AND the RPG-phrase "if there are enemies on your path, you're on the right path" made sense :-)  FPS-Cap? COME ONE. This is PC, no damn console goddammit. At least you could disable it via INI. The world feels empty. The handful main characters and some enemies. You can LOOK into houses with real modeled insides (not just textures of an inside-view), but there is no one. And you can't enter anyway.  Some conversation-logic-bugs. Like people talking about things you know, but you shouldn't know yet but only after speaking to Person X before. And things like that. Weird mouse-settings. There's smoothing, seemingly acceleration, sometimes horrible lag and an unequal X-Y-speed-setting. Ugh. Game remains active when in background. Really?! Horrible overuse of gloss, especially in rain. Everything's shinier than my polished bald head. Fighting is often very clumsy. One enemy is ok, with more it gets chaotic. And don't you dare get pushed into a corner. Or dying thanks to awkward camera angles... Awkward saving-system. Take a quest, quit the game, restart the game, you're right in front of the objective without having visited the place before. Stupid... Some parts of the "crafting"-system can be frustrating. You want to heal some nice persons, and you're a medical luminary. The person has headache and your inventory is bursting with Codeine. Well, sadly you don't know the recipe yet :-) Many dialogues feel dumb, uninspired and you question the protagonists proclaimed intelligence. Loading-times are way too long.  
slippcasedcrab	Recommended	46.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198040467843/	I really enjoyed Vampyr. I can't help but compare it as a mix between Vampire: The Masquerade Bloodlines and The Witcher 3, both games I enjoyed immensely. If you like a dialogue rich game with challenging combat that punishes you for being moral (i.e. resisting the urge feed on npc's) then this might be a game for you.
Odin Asheric	Not Recommended	52.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Odin_Asheric/	I do not recommend this game for one reason: when you choose a dialogue option it is often vague as to what your character will actually end up saying/doing. Speaking vaguely so as to avoid even minor spoilers... One of the first big choices you are given is between "Sparing", "embracing" or "Charming" a character..."Embracing" means killing..."Charming" has the dialogue of "forget everything you know about Lady X." But it leads to the person you're charming going missing, rather than continuing what she's doing but having forgotten about lady X...
Maskedviper	Recommended	26.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/GavinHume/	At 11.7 hours I'm roughly halfway through the main campaign with the largest burrough (the west-end) left unexplored meaning I still have a lot left to see.Vampyr is simply an amazing game if you want it to be. While the map is small, it's as big as it needs to be and many of the districts have a unique visual style, my favorite being the hospital district for it's unique WW1 art style. Visuals and Graphics: Vampire while not photorealistic is quite the looker. It's rendered in Unity so the characters are obviously going to be more human looking but my god the world looks amazing. It's like Dishonored where realistic looking humans contrast an amazing looking world that looks like an oil painting sprang to life. The bleak yet colorful design helps highlight what's important. Such as the searchlights and bright green colors emphasizing that Pembroke is the last true bastion of hope for the East side of london. The hand painted graphics look amazing and you're really going to need to see it yourself to see what I mean. Gameplay: I chose to play on the hardest difficulty and I think this is the way it should be played. It puts you into a darksouls frame of mind where you're always looking for an exit and are prepared to dodge your way out of any situation. I remember one boss fight you will have in the sewers kept my heart beating since I had gotten to the point where one blow could kill me, so I spammed space around the dungeon until I landed the final, glorious strike on the boss and let out a sigh of relief so loud my girlfriend heard it from the next room over. This is what you should expect with this game, difficult fights in an enjoyable, easy to learn yet hard to master format. Also while I'm on topic, the selection of handguns will save your life in a pinch so always pack extra ammo.Story: Set in the backdrop of the end months of WW1, you play as a British Army medic returning home from the frontlines to visit your dear sick Mum, Jonathan (Your name) is unlucky and gets the unfortunate S U C C by a stranger (Vampire) in a whitechapel allyway. Now this isn't any $2 London BJ, no sir, this is the kind of♥♥♥♥♥♥that puts our Protaigonist on a bender so bad that he wakes up dead and reborn... jokes aside, with Johnny Boy now a part of the undead, he must cope with his circumstances and unravel the threads of a disease that's ripping the once great London apart as well as a mysterious entity watching his every move. Now that's all I'm going to say plot wise but the story is generally well told. Think of it like you would Fallout 4, get ready to be at the bottom rung of life with a lot of questions and slowly get them answred. Unlike fallout, you also get to preform doctor activities like house-calls and wellfare checks, as wells as Sherlock Holmes style detective work and crime solving. All in all the story is entertaining and covers a period seldom covered by games and that alone is worth Checking this game out. Conclusion, this game is fun. It is interesting, it is bug free, and it is well acted. If you want a cool, moody and dripping with beautiful atmosphere-RPG, you've come to the right place, so crank the graphics up high, set it to the hardest difficulty and let rip, I promise you, you won't be dissapointed.9.5/10- Buy now or wait until sale if you aren't a fan of most RPGs.
Dyna	Recommended	43.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/dyna18/	It's a great game to play. Great story, some nice plot twists, great dark atmosphere.What I didn't like much is that sometimes you are making a big story decision without even realising it and those can't be altered in any way. Also difficulty is sometimes unbalanced.Overall I liked it though.8/10
LordStuff	Recommended	28.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/LordStuff/	The game has a very dark setting and I really liked the storytelling.What's important to note is that you'll be talking a lot. And I really mean a lot. Most of the time the game is either all out war (rather challenging boss fights), bashing easy enemies on the path or talking and investigating, which will be most of the time.The combat took some getting used to and is challanging in my opinion. I made the pacifist run (you can't go through the game without killing but at least without consuming civilians) which made it a bit harder too as drinking blood is the main source of your powers (gives the most XP). But in general if you dodge a lot and concentrate on not getting hit rather than dealing damage you'll be fine in most fights.Intersting, really, are the XP mechanics, as consuming blood would make things on your side so much more easier, as well as for the protagonist, who craves blood as it is his nature. If you are too weak to overcome that one boss fight and see some 4-5k XP citizens in (or on? =D) the menu, you'll start craving their blood yourself.The choices you make have consequences in the game. Not only that there are different endings (2x good and 2x bad I think?) but you'll also feel the consequences through the course of the game.The plot I found very interesting. Other posts I've read stated that it had some flaws, but in the end, I can say that if you investigate a lot, and you dig up all the information you can get, also attending any new conversations if they appear on the map, the story doesn't feel incoherent or anything. I don't really recall if there where any major gamebreaking bugs, so I guess they aren't noteworthy really.All in all, I can only say: If you enjoy dialogs, investigating, a challanging combat as well as a dark and interesting story, this game is definitely worth your time.Cheers and have fun!EDIT: Talking about time, I've spent 28h playing through the story once, although it wouldn't be a bad thing to play it once more if I find the time. If that isn't worth 50 bucks for you, then you should just wait for a discount.EDIT: Other reviews stated that the combat felt clunky and was more of button smashing rather than playing. IMO, as I said, the combat takes some getting used to, and is also challenging. All in all, once you've found out how it works, you'll only end up smashing (and destroying your flow) when you dodge into a wall, get stuck between enemies and end up panicking and raging. This can be easily overcome by keeping cool and being careful.
A Director	Not Recommended	21.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198065020160/	Everything about this game is un-fun. If you were like me and saw the announcement trailer, you expected this game to be an open, vibrant world where the undead masquerade amongst the living. Instead you are thrusted into a dreadfully boring, disease-ridden world where you are constantly bludgeoning infected citizens and vampire hunters.One key part of this game is dialogue between the citizens. While the developers tried to create something unique by filling it to the brim with story, everything became so dreadfully monotonous and boring. There were so many times I walked away from a 5+ minute conversation feeling as though nothing has been achieved. There were times where I failed a hint and had no idea what would have caused it. There is also this illusion of choice. Sure, there are a few moments where you actually do make a decision but for the most part, dialogue choices barely matter.The second most frustrating part of this game is the combat. It is repetitive, bland, and difficult (regarding my playthrough, I'll get to the leveling system in a moment). The combat is focused on one's stamina. If you run out of it, you might as well accept your death. Your attack is based on stamina and you evade is based on stamina. Yes, both your offense and defense are based on the same statistic. If I had a dollar for every time my stamina had run out during a simple fight and I ended up getting killed by a 3-hit combo, I'd be able to buy this game at full price. The combat is also reliant upon...The third and most frustrating part of this game: the leveling system. You have two options: ruin the story by killing every important character, or suffer defeat after defeat as your under-leveled self is bullied by every enemy in the game. I wanted a good story, and therefore did not kill that many characters until I had had enough of the constant defeats. And as a result, the ending, the one thing I felt would validate all the frustrated hours dedicated to this game, was bad. Yes, depending on how violent you play, the ending will be affected. To summarize, the worst part of this game is it punishes you for trying to make the game less difficult. I did not come here for a Dark Souls experience. I did not come to be frustrated by bosses that auto-lock on to you. I came to play a game and have fun. I did not. I am so disappointed.
georgeyhere	Not Recommended	5.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198040607225/	I was excited to go into this game. It looked like it would finally be able to scratch my Witcher 3 itch. It was advertised as an open-world, story driven RPG. And for the first few hours, that's exactly what it seemed to be. But then you get a bit further into the game and you realize that the 'open world' is a lie. It's divided up into segments that are more or less level locked. There is zero freedom. The map is fundamentally empty, except for respawning enemies that you will have to encounter in the same spots over and over again when you play this running simulator. Skill trees are useless, weapon rarities and upgrades mean very little. Combat is just dodge, attack, and repeat. The abilities are cool, and fit thematically but in reality feel clunky to use. Don't buy at full price, wait for a sale.
DasHurz	Not Recommended	21.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/dashurz/	Its a nice Vampire-themed game but I have some major qualms about it.Trying to convince people will more often than not lock you out of their Hints, making you unable to progress down their personal storyline. You have to say what every character wants to hear, not reason with them...This isn't helped by the short blurbs you get for your dialogue choices, since I found that they often play out very differently from what I imagined. We've seen the same problem in Fallout 4 and its exasperated here, where every choice is final and saved immediately.I found myself dooming a district and having a main character vanish literally by saying "I am sparing you but stop doing bad things" when my quest was to have that person stop doing bad things. This is incredibly annoying and stopped me from playing the game further.Graphics and music are fine, combat is a bit clunky but still fluid enough to be fun. It's just that the main meat of the game, the dialogue and choices are terribly flawed in the way I described. If you value a "lawful good" playthrough, play it with a guide or don't bother, because you will screw up without one.
Gopher	Recommended	113.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/GopherGaming/	Great game with tons of atmosphere, great music and a solid story. See my full review here : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kHTpb7s4GHs 
Shark Tsunami	Not Recommended	16.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198043970231/	This game had potential, but ruins it through shallow, tedious mechanics.Combat:  Extremely simple and monotonous, it does not change or improve as you become more powerful, as enemies will continue to become bigger and bigger sponges.  You will be spamming your basic attack to do minor damage no matter how strong your weapon is until you run out of stamina or have to dodge something, or use your vampiric abilities to do larger amounts of damage at the cost of Blood, which then leads to needing to spam your stunning attacks to bite enemies to recharge your Blood meter to use your abilities again.Story:  Main story isn't bad, pretty interesting.  The atmosphere makes certain scenes ominous and sometimes even downright scary depending on your tolerance.  Side characters all have unique stories and backgrounds that can be pretty fun to discover.  However, finding out hints for characters that aren't marked as District Pillars and doing side quests does not affect the story in any way.  In fact, nothing happens.Non-Combat Gameplay:  Tedious.  There are four districts, every district has a Pillar which gives the most bonus to its health, and every district has many citizens, all which are unimportant to the story, as generally you will only ask them things about "what is going on" or "where can I find this person" which they will generally reply with some variation of "i don't entirely know" or "ask someone else".  Finding out the Hints for each citizen does absolutely nothing but give you a very small amount of exp, its main purpose is to make the citizen give more EXP should you decide to feast on them.  To use your EXP, you have to rest, but resting advances time which causes some citizens to contract diseases for you to cure, which will only get worse as you rest and ignore them, ruining the health of the districts steadily.  This leads to running around THE ENTIRE MAP, WITH NO FAST TRAVEL, handing out medicine to Citizens.  As you eat Citizens, district health deteriorates, and eating more than 2 Citizens in any district will prevent the district from ever being Healthy again.  Unfortunately, you WILL need to eat citizens should you wish to avoid a massive grind of resting over and over again to fight respawning enemies and hand out medicine for very tiny amounts of EXP (about 25 for handing out medicine to 1 person and 10 EXP for killing a group of enemies), as higher level enemies will eventually just kill you in one strong hit.This game is absolutely not worth 50 dollars, and I'd only recommend it if you can deal with the absolute tedium of the gameplay for what fun there is in the main story.
kdodds	Recommended	36.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kdodds/	I am so not a fan of forced third person, wonky camera combat.  With no practical way to "zoom out" effectively, close quarters combat, especially against multiple enemies.  So keep that in mind when I say that this game is majorly, and sometimes frustratingly, flawed in that aspect. This can be offset by choosing the right weapon(s) for the right scenarios.  But being this is mostly trial and error, frustration with the illogical mechanics compounds.  Even when you've "solved" the puzzle of successful combat (i.e. pretty much ignoring the vampire's active abilities), combat is rather boring and tedious, at best.  Be prepared to overlook this weak point.Forget the RPG tag.  This is not an RPG.  It's an adventure game, through and through, true to the original concept of choose your own adventure.  You can, literally, make any choice and finish the game with differing results.  But you'll still wind up with the same basic character.  Give or take moral concepts of the player outside the game, there is limited character development that rewards "bad" behavior and punishes "good" behavior by becoming more difficult.  As an adventure game, it very much plays more like a Sherlock Holmes title than a vampire title.  Essentially, you could replace the main character with a werewolf, or mortal of any occupation, etc., without changing the story really at all.  With the weak vampire theme and clunky combat, it's hard to recommend this as a "must have" title.  But is it a good game?  Well, it's okay.  Not the best of all time, but certainly not the worst either. If you're interested, I would certainly wait for a sale.Some recommendations for combat to alleviate the artificial difficulty resulting from the game's failure:Equip yourself with usable serums, as many as you can carry, as early as possible.Develop two weapon sets, one for range and one for melee.Make sure that both sets have, at least, heavy stun abilities, preferably with drain abilities as well. Weapons and stamina make or break combat.  The vampire abilities are of much less consequence.Stun and drain and stun and drain, wash, rinse, repeat.  Non-gameplay aspects are also a mixed bag.  Even with a 1080, cranked levels still present with screen and texture tearing in motion quite often. There are a lot of visual effects, especially in combat, that seem to have been designed to disguise this. Overall, however, movement is smooth and non-stuttery.  Characters, for a modern game, need a lot of improvement.  Movement, gestures, and expressions are marionette-like in conversation.  Textures are waxy and puppet-like as well.Dialogue is okay, but only just.  Quite often a description of what you will say isn't exactly clear or an accurate representation of the character's dialogue.  Given that some trees dead end and this is a major part of gameplay, that's probably the game's worst flaw.Acting is passable, barring a few instances.  The most jarring is one character that splits lines between two separate working class accents alternately, for example, pronouncing H's and not pronouncing them. The writing, however, leaves quite a bit to be desired.  But, this is a game, not Hollywood, after all.While others have complained about level design and similarity leading to a maze of confusion, I disagree.  I don't disagree with their descriptions, but with their complaining about it.  There is enough variation that the player should be able to learn routes after a few passes, at most.  If there were many different areas, color schemes, etc., it would, I believe, take away from the grittiness, desperation, and despair that would be palpable if the world was more "alive".  Fair warning.  No streetwalkers, no drunks, no homeless.  No "innocent" victims upon which to feed.  Which, again, brings us back to a vampire game that isn't really a vampire game at all, despite the title.Bottom line, it's worth playing IF you don't expect a vampire masterpiece to dethrone masquerade, but get it when it's on sale.
Raphael	Not Recommended	27.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/rjmj777/	Only killed murderers, seriel killers, and people who planned terrorist attacks. Got the semi-evil ending. Neat. I guess the game about choice didn't take into account that maybe leaving these people alive would have much worse consequences then me just draining them? Oh right, the whole game hinges on one scene at the end you have NO WAY OF KNOWING IS COMING. ♥♥♥♥ off game, that was a slap in the face.
Prez Perez	Not Recommended	27.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/prexxxx/	Product received for free
Epsilon	Not Recommended	36.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/masteroforion/	I have long heard of the great storytelling of this studio, so I decided to dive into this, their latest and greatest offering.If this had been a film and not a game, I would say that it's too long drawn out. While the story in the game is good, it's let down by the incredibly poor combat system in the game; it is entirely without challenge and nuance; every battle you roll, read teleport, around your enemies and hit them with attacks they are not resistant too, so if they have resistances towards melee and blood, you hit them with shadow bullets, and vice versa. And there are a lot of enemies in this game, but only a few different kinds of enemies, so you will be fighting the same three enemies over and over and over, as you slog between city district to city district trying to further the story.It becomes so incredibly frustrating having to do this because you do not get to decide whether to fight them or not, once they are in engagement range you have to fight to be able to activate a door or whatever you need to activate to progress the story.But thats just a small issue in the grand scope of things. Because this is a studio that prides itself on choices and consequences in their game, but theres quite a few instances in the game, where it's not clear what consequences your choice will have; because the UI does not clearly communicate what action your character will take when you choose a specific dialogue option, and choosing the wrong one can doom an entire city district for good; locking away merchants and questlines forever. Did I mention theres no save slots and no quicksaves? you only get an autosave option, this would be fine if the game communicates to you what the various dialogue options meant, but as already mentioned it doesn't.There is quite a few bugs in the game as well, one meant that I was locked away from doing any side quests in act 5, this meant that it became impossible for me to go for a 100% rating on this game, as I had intended on doing, because I had decided to finish the game off and uninstall it.There is level scaling in the game as well, it determines how much damage you do to enemies depending on if you're on equal level or not. This made some fights incredibly drawn out.I was trying to do a playthrough without killing anyone. But unfortunately at some point the game took choices out of my hands and made my character kill someone in a cutscene, that I did not want to kill, I decided to just say ♥♥♥♥ it, because at that point the character was not mine anymore, it was more important for the game to tell me a story than allow me to roleplay the character how I wanted. So in frustration I killed people, because they annoyed me, because the game annoyed me.As such this is not an RPG, do not believe the RPG tag, it's an action adventure game.
Xyro	Not Recommended	35.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198147861401/	If you're using a Keyboard and Mouse ONLY...then I HIGHLY suggest re-consider buying this game or at least wait and see if the devs are going to give this a decent update to address these issues.For whatever reason the devs gave VERY poor support for KB/M users, to go as far as to COMPLETELY leave out the option to pan the camera in dialogue events. Which leaves you having to stare at the back or side of an NPCs head if you get stuck with a random crappy camera angle. If you want to 'Walk' to sneak around (or just not sprint from one side of the room to the other), be prepared to CONSTANTLY hold your 'Walk' hotkey as there is no 'Toggle' option to walk. This becomes QUITE annoying when trying to perform a sneak attack, while navigating enemies and the enviornment, while watching your stamina (if you have a certain ability active), while cycling your vision mode, while getting ready to attack. Lastly, target switching on KB/M is absolutely disgusting and broken. Resulting in you having to spam the 'Target' button and hoping it lands on the enemy you want it to. The other solution, is to not use the 'Targeting' system, which can lead to wasted Stamina/Health/Death if you Dodge the wrong way. A solution for an in-game mechanic as important as targeting should not be to NOT use it...It's got me to the point where I'm about to get a refund on this game because it seems as if the devs NEVER even played their game using a KB/M. I wish I could say I'm just picky and these are my views alone, but if you go on the Discussion fourms, these are 75% of the customer complaints you see.It's very disrespectful that a game gets launched at a full price AAA price, but can't even have the controls work properly. For that, I honestly can't recommend this game at the moment if you're strictly a KB/M user. Very disapointing. *PLEASE NOTE* This isn't a console to PC compaison or bash...this review is for the PC about using a gamepad compared to a Keyboard and Mouse and how features are missing or broken from one to the other.***Edit/Update***If you're using a game pad, then I guess GG since the KB/M controls are really my only quarrel with this game. As it's very visually pleasing even at a mix of Med/High graphics, the story and story lines are engaging and the combat starts out a bit rough, but once you get a few levels, boost your stamina/health and get a dcent weapon it gets a bit easier. I also never got a refund, I figured the hours played would be obvious at this point. The Keyboard and mouse support had me that frustraded when I first started playing the game, but alas still no patch as of yet.Currently I'm using a gamepad with a busted movement joystick, rather than playing on KB/M...nuff said.
BirdsAreRad	Not Recommended	2.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198031760591/	I'm very rarely the type to be like "VIDEO GAME REVIEWERS LIED TO ME" but man this game is NOT worth 50 dollars. The plot is...fine? But the controls and movement mechanics are a mess and combat is straight up annoying. It feels like something from ten years ago. A lot of reviewers made a big deal about the interesting ethical choices you're forced to make throughout the game but they aren't talking about the incredible amount of boring minutae you have to get through in the meantime. I'm not familiar with this studio and I'm sure a lot of work went into the game, but with such basic mechanical issues, I can't recommend this to anyone. It has its moments but I'm still pretty bummed I spent 50 dollars on it, as I think it's worth like 20, max.
Tamaster	Not Recommended	28.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/tho545454/	 Review - Vampyr === RATING: 5.0 / 10   === > Purchase not recommended === Overview Here we are reviewing one of the most awaited releases of 2018, Vampyr. Let's start by saying it is sold as an Action RPG where choices bring huge consequences and shape the world around you, but that is not entirely true, as i will explain a bit further. In this game you will be playing as Dr. Jonathan Reid, a respected surgeon now transformed in a vampire, without knowing how or why. Left alone with his new, terrifying condition and an ever increasing thirst for blood, you will have to find answers regarding not only your life, but also the death of your sister. Set in a dark, gritty, pestilence-infected 1918 London, Vampyr surely has a good setting and style in depicting the atmosphere and character likely to be found at the time, in this it excels, but falls short on many other things as you will read further. Story towards game end is rushed and feels nonsensical as multiple events left me puzzled if not outright flabbergasted at their little narrative coherence.=== Gameplay Analysis  General Gameplay Vampyr proposes a semi open-world, action adventure third person gameplay. The map consists in several districts of a part of London, both poor and rich districts are present, so the area is rather vast, and especially convoluted, consisting in many alleys, tunnels and sewers to get into eventually. Even if you can traverse the whole map in five minutes or so if you run through it, there are quite a lot of places to explore in detail. Your main activities will be Combat, explained in the following section, exploration, and the main feature, interaction with characters. Yes, because Vampyr is not a game focused on exploration or combat, but instead on the deep, intricate relationships going on between you and all the NPCs of each area, and how they are linked to each other. By speaking with people you will find out more and more information and gossip, unlocking new dialogue options with other characters, that will in turn unlock even more; in this Vampyr is an excellent title, with solid writing and very well characterized NPCs. Getting information about people will unlock Hints, used to get specific information in dialogues. Each unlocked Hint will boost the experience you can gain from a certain character should we decide to absorb his blood, killing him. This opens up to another mechanic: you can choose to be a bad character and kill all the NPCs you find, eventually, by draining their blood. Or be a good character and never do so, this will result, as the game says, in a more difficult experience as your unlocked skills and levels will be weaker than enemies the more you progress. Defeating enemies, bosses, and completing quests give some experience, but barely enough to make it out alive as enemies become always stronger as you proceed in the story.The centerpiece of the game should be choices, but here the game falls a bit short. While you can decide who to kill and who to spare and see the consequences of that, you must know that your character has his own moral compass, ideals, values, and opinions, and in many occasions the game will FORCE you to abide to them, without possibility to express yourself, for example by forcing you to disagree with someone even if you do want to agree. This takes out one of the main elements that constitute an RPG, the complete freedom of choice and freedom of moral compass, therefore Vampyr is NOT an RPG, but an adventure game. Bear it in mind.Other mechanics consist in exploration, basic since map is always already revealed, and collecting stuff from containers scattered in the world to then use in Crafting of weapons, medicines to heal the sick NPCs, or upgrading. there are also Traders willing to sell components for money.Update 08/06/2018: The endgame story chapters (5-6) are full of rushed content and events, inexplicable choices and facts that just do not go along with the game's own lore, while some other events are outright nonsense and this will completely ruin the so far decent, even good in some points, story. This was a very big downfall and removed any will to finish the story at all. Unacceptable. Combat System Combat is what to expect from a third person action game. It is based on a Health, Stamina and Blood (mana) system. The centerpiece mechanics consist in dodging enemy attacks, learning attack patterns, and good timing of parries, dodges and attacks to deal damage effectively. However, no aspects of this system particularly impress or stand out, resulting in just a mediocre, average combat system that clearly has not been done to be an important part of the game.There are skills to upgrade when leveling up, at a safe house in the map, like more HP, more stamina, ranged and melee abilities fueled by Blood, in turn absorbed by enemies while they are Stunned in combat. all this is kinda useless tho, as there is clearly one type of weapon outclassing all others, the two handed ones, giving Stun, Damage and huge DPS in the same weapon, eliminating any need for any other weapon ever. Skills are mostly useless or gimmicky, Healing is the only useful one, for the rest you can stick to melee and upgrade stamina and health all the time, end all combats will be easy because of how overpowered healing is, how little stamina dodge consumes, and how powerful two handed weapons are.An unbalanced, generic, and just "side dish" combat system with no personality, no weight, and also no gore. Mediocre. Content The game can last 30 to 35 hours for a completitionist run, meaning all side quests and main quest. Balancing Combat is unbalanced towards the player by a lot, even by not killing NPCs and therefore having the bare minimum experience possible. Exception made for two particular bosses, which are completely off-scale and are instead acute difficulty spikes on the border of being unfair. They are also the main reason why this game is impossibly difficult to complete without killing innocents. Challenge Challenge rating is medium-low.=== Technical Analysis  Graphics Graphics are inconsistent. Some elements are very well done and up to today's standards for a AA game, while some others are very low quality and just look like they belong to other games, from 10 years ago. This is seen especially in textures being of very different qualities. Pop up, weird animations on far characters, and other glitches are quite common and outline bad polishing. overall the atmosphere is rendered well but all these issues prevent immersion. Sound Sound compartment such as voice acting, effects, music, are all of high quality and impressively good. Performance Performance is aswell inconsistent. Sometimes solid frame-rates, sometimes instead very bad frame drops. Even on high end systems that are way above recommended settings. Optimization work is not very good. Stability Nothing to report. AI Enemy AI uses an attack-pattern type AI, typical of third person action games. Quality of Life Even if you are killed by a boss the consumables you used in the fight will still be used, instead of being reset as they were before the fight, forcing you to tiresome grinding of materials if you need more consumables to face the boss again. This is just unnecessary and stupid. Bugs / Issues Nothing major to report.=== Conclusion Vampyr is a third person action game with a charming setting and well done characters, a quite interesting story, but that falls short on combat, role playing elements, balance and performance, making a mediocre title out of it. The story is ruined in the last chapters by being rushed and dotted with some events and facts that are completely out of place or sense.
kaner13	Not Recommended	12.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kaner13/	Very bland in all aspects.  The combat is generic although what ruins it the most is the ever respawning bland enemies that you have to fight over and over again.  The dialog stodgy British people who could be talking about the weather and tea rather than vampires for all the emotion the characters show.  You gain the most for your vampire powers by killing off various npcs and get more exp from learning about them first.  While this sounds interesting, the storyline is barely effected by your choices.  It seems that most things go to♥♥♥♥♥♥in the setting no matter what you do.  The environment is suitably grim but smaller than first imagined with a frustrating amount of loading to enter certain buildings.  The graphics are rather washed out for a recent release.  Also, while a seemingly small thing, the thing that bother me the most was your character fills the need to say the same canned 3 lines whenever you feed on a rat to recharge your vampire "magic" bar.  We get it, you can't believe you are doing this.  Thanks for saying that for the 100th time. I couldn't bring myself to carry on and beat the game.
ItsJulius	Not Recommended	14.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198066673016/	Vampyr is set in the London of the 20th century, the atmosphere is gloomy but not too dark.War and the spanish flu have rolled over the country, everyone is at hopes end. Who wasnt killed in the war now has to seek refuge in their homes and wish that they dont also fall ill. It doesnt feel like a world-is-ending scenario but it certainly puts on rather dark topics, like loss and coping with said loss in a multitude of ways, everyone trying to get through the day. And then there are the name giving vampires, crawling out in the dark of night.  Its rather interesting to see how your main character jonathan is so out to get revenge for what happened to his beloved sister that he is willing to even leave behind humanity to reach his goals - if you chose to play the game the way it wants you to play it. Which brings me to another part of the game, the choices. You dont have many paths to take in the story, its rather streamlined in that regard. However you can decide how evil you want to be. The more evil you become,  fewer options you leave for yourself. Once you drink a citizens blood they wont come back. Do you want to read a book with half its pages torn out?  Or do you try to keep what is left of your humanity and let everyone live, learning more about them in the process. Vampyr makes it really hard to be a good guy, some ways more intentional than others:If you leave everyone alive, you will be starved off the experience you so very much desire.Enemies will grow stronger as you progress through the story, leaving you many many levels behind them, relying purely on your dextrous hands and drawn out sequences of you backing away from 3 enemies, waiting for your stamina to recharge so you can go in for the kill, one by one. - It really does make you want to go and drink your fill on the next expendable excuse for a human being. One less bad man in this already plagued city... Who would notice?Now, the combat... first of all its very reminiscent of darksouls 1's combat system, if somebody gave it a baby cage and said "now now, one step at a time, we dont want you to get scared".Its simple, not too difficult.. That was the case, until dontnod released their first official update in which they no doubt were trying to rip off one glorious part from said darksouls. They took inspiration of the nausea inducing, motion sickness machine that was the old lock-on-system, which should really be renamed to "change-target-and-spin-the-camera-and-character-everytime-anything-moves-anywhere"-system.Since the introduction of said system, it has become near impossible to play the game since the character just spins around , causing you to miss, as soon as anything even THINKS about coming close to your third and fourth and probably many other eyes which  dontnod plastered all over jonathan.Conclusion :Is the game good?- Yes, I would say so, despite everything its an interesting take on a vampire themed niche that I didnt know needed filling in my mind.- HOWEVER, if the combat system stays the way it is right now, I really cant recommend it to anyone, it would be a horrible experience to fight anything, between all the interesting dialogues and morale choices.Wait for the game to be on sale, then get it, if they fix it. Otherwise you will just end up angrily throwing your keyboard against the monitor, cursing at jonathan... and trust me, the poor guy really cant use any more of that kind of abuse.
Rob'sEvilTwin	Recommended	31.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/RobsEvilTwin/	Bloody good game :P Can't wait to replay it with different choices and see different outcomes.  My problems with the game? Some of the dialog choices are wonky and not very intuitive (I get a very different result than the short text lead me to believe) and one questline was bugged.  
Torc	Not Recommended	15.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198030188398/	Vampyr is one of those games I actually pre-ordered and I regret doing so. I really want to like this game, it's not entirely bad but it's far from good, it's a half-baked product we got here. The story is simple but has a lot of potential which wasn't fully used in my opinion. To be honest, it only used half of its potential. The main story is rather short and sometimes confusing especially towards the end regarding a former patient of yours and some things don't really make sense or could have been more elaborated. Your character Jonathan is also somewhat bleak with fixed morals expressed in dialogue no matter what kind of beast you play, I really missed something like a humanity meter VtMB had to reflect your moral choices in killing innocent which would then actually impact the story and dialogue options which is not the case at all. It doesn't really matter if you choose to be a pacifist not killing innocents and always helping them out with their quests - which a basically boring af but more on that later - or medicine or if you choose to go on a rampage. The only difference story-wise is the ending - of which there are 4 with minor differences and not really appealing - and some news paper articles that pop up after your sleep. And losing a district is not that much of a deal besides more enemies to fight and less NPCs to give you their uncreative bs-tasks. The characters in general are somewhat of stereotypes the only slightly interesting characters with a good background story were the gay couple you encounter in the first district. The others are not that deep or interesting to be honest, you have your typical mobsters, doctors with quarrels among each other, patients with not only physical problems, religious fanatics and so on. Not really ground-breaking. If the characters were at least more elaborated outside their stereotypical behaviour or slightly likeable, but it all scratches barely the surface in a game where deep characters with own morals etc. were advertised. That's rather disappointing. The quests those NPCs give you are always the same bs. They need you to get or find something for them and bring it back  and there is always a mini-boss around the items you need - lame af. Then there are quests where you need to rescue people from Skals which is also getting boring really quick - and you wonder how they get home alone with the streets swarmed by Skals after that, but OK. The combat system is okay but it can get really clunky sometimes especially on PC with keyboard. The most annoying thing regarding combat is the amount of enemies, especially mini-bosses scattered all over the town mostly without any chance to avoid them without the right skills. And it becomes rather tedious very quick if you have to run around the districts through territory swarmed by mobs (which also respawn every time) without any shortcut especially in the graveyard section near White Chapel associated with several quests, it's a nightmare regarding game design. The combat system and enemies in general feel very generic without much effort put in it. Pros:- Really good soundtrack- Hints and clues about the people can be found in various forms in: papers, spying (vampiric view) and dialogue.- Story is okay but has its flaws- Overall good atmosphereCons:- Story has flaws and could have been longer and more thought out.- Characters are very stereotypical and bleak and their quests are uncreative and boring- Moral choices don't actually matter that much and have only minor effects.- Too many enemies for such a generic/bad combat system- No facial expressions regarding emotions. People talking with lots of emotions but have an expression like they are talking about the wheather = Fail. - Save system is "challenging". It auto saves and you cannot re-load once a decision is made. This can be really game-breaking sometimes (wrong skills etc.)Vampyr is a game that has a tragic story, but it's also a tragic story in itself. The high level of character design was advertised in a large extent and we got stereotypical people with boring side quests. There are moral choices but they don't affect the game too much as they could have. There are games that do a better job in this regard - VtMB for example where you actually lose the game instant when you give in to the beast too much. So in conclusion the game has a high emphasis on RPG and moral elements but they are still too bleak for being the main focus of the game, in addition the combat system is rather meh and the main story is too short and flawed to be a real delight for this price. My recommendation: Grab it in a sale for a few bucks but it's really not worth the full price with this half-baked gameplay.
Rabbit	Recommended	28.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/XHopesX/	I'm a huge fan of this game. I think a lot of people were expecting a game that was heavy on combat, but that's simply not what it is. For me, the combat feels like an after thought. That being said, there is no stealth way to get through situations to avoid fights. There are some cases where you can use the environment to avoid scuffles, but these are few and far between. If you enjoy story driven games this is for you.If you enjoy vampires this game is for you. I aso haven't had any bugs with this game. 9/10 will continue to play and get all the achievements!!!
Spyder	Not Recommended	23.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/g0tm/	The story is good, at least so far. The setting and narrative is great.The combat is so-so, clunky but fun.There are game breaking bugs that will require you to start a new game, because this game has a terrible save system.I hope people don't encounter these because I genuinely liked this game.I just can't reccomend it, yet. If I knew how bad these bugs were I would have waited for updates.more then 2 hrs played so no refund, support tab on the devs website is greyed out. Support via the forums just tell you to restart the game.
Kiru	Recommended	38.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kirura/	Product received for free
PestilenZ	Recommended	21.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/VPestilenZ/	Lovely game so far, great narrative. Character controls are a little "drunk", but I got used to it 20 minutes in. I wish the controls were a bit tighter.A couple of things to address whining in other reviews regarding this game not looking AAA enough: Dontnod has less than 200 employees, 80 of which worked on Vampyr. It's not a AAA company, rather AA.Why doesnt it look like Witcher 3 and the lot?The Witcher 3 had about 1500 people working on it. The budget was $81 million.Assassin’s Creed IV had about 1000 people on it. And so on. It's a whole other league of projects, unfair to compare.Please show respect to devs, they poured their soul into this game.
leaxan	Not Recommended	9.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/leaxan/	So it took me about 3 hours to like this game and about 5 to absolutely hate it. It started off pretty exciting - it's nicely optimised, has a well written and not repetitive (at least for my taste) ambient soundrack, the voiceovers are good and the atmosphere of old London being torn apart by war and plague is very immersive. The opening plot arc seems promising, and the very idea of a vampire in disguise of a doctor is appealing.However, it's Dontnod, known for a story-based non-combat game (Life is strange) and another game (Remember me), the combat of which is horribly unfriendly to a player. Call me a frustrated scrub, but combat in Vampyr is just as bad as in Remember me. Boring and repetitive encounters, absolutely unnecesary amount of mobs around every corner, and the lack of chosing the difficulty (yes, the difficulty in this game is adjusted by the game itself, so to speak. Won't spoil more) make the story absolutely impossible to enjoy. I don't mind hard battles, but at least make it rewarding (mobs give you close to no loot) or less boring. Another thing (it might be just me) - the dependency of bars (health, stamina, blood) on each other seems horribly unoptimised and not thought through. Plus, it doesn't matter if you lock your target, the attacks can still miss.Also, be ready to every god damned door in London to be locked without any hint on what key you need to find and where. The locations look like exact twins of each other, and the amount of the non-interactive places is just sad.Face/movements animation sometimes is extremely awkward, by the start of a dialogue characters can either be turned away from you or just positioned weirdly. Overall - overpriced, mediocre game that didn't live up to my expectations at all. I will finish it though, and maybe change my mind at some point, but so far the boring combat i need to force myself through is very annoying. If i were to give this game some kind of rate, it would be somewhere around 4 out of 10.
BlackSymmetry	Recommended	15.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/dekuseb/	From the creators of Life is Strange comes an open-world vampire RPG with very unique elements. I'm a huge fan of the team behind this game, so I want this review to do them justice. Story The narrative and the writing is this team's strong suit, no question about it. This game delivers perfectly on dialogue and story, crafting a unique narrative that flows and evolves rapidly as you progress. Writing is top-notch, which is very important since speaking to NPCs is about 50% of what you will do in this game. The team obviously knew this, and they hired an incredible voice-actor with a very raspy, satisfying voice that delivers each line perfectly. Dialogue is also an important gameplay element, since different choices will result in different scenarios. The overall arching story is also very intriguing, and rarely drags on for too long. DONTNOD are obviously masters of their writing craft. Gameplay Definetely the weakest aspect of this game, the gameplay is too simple. It takes the Dark Souls formula and strips away any depth or actual mechanic. The gameplay is dumbed-down to dodging and attacking with the same exact movement, over and over again. You can also use your vampire abilities, which helps diversify the gameplay a bit. The guns are pretty useless, as it makes you vulnerable and ammo is scarce. Still, once you progress further into the game and unlock new abilities and mobs of enemies are harder, I found myself enjoying the fast-paced action.  RPG Elements This game surprisingly brings something completely new to the genre, even in 2018. The classic RPG elements are still intact (weapon upgrades, leveling up your character, spending experience points). There are a few essential RPG elements missing though, like customizing your character. In addition, Vampyr introduces an NPC mechanic that revolves around your choices. To better explain this, imagine that every single NPC in the game has a fully-fledged back-story, with their own unique quests and dialogue options. The more you interact with them, the more XP the NPC will get. Once you feel like they have enough XP, you can decide wether to feast on them to get all of their experience points (this is the only way to significantly level up your character), or to let him live. This creates a sort of dilemma as you get attached to some of these characters as you talk and do things with them. Even more importantly, the game implies that the more you get these vampire abilities, the easier the game becomes, ultimately letting you choose the difficulty depending on who you decide to kill, if any. Very unique mechanic that created some interesting scenarios and personal hard choices.  World design Not much to say here except the world is very well designed and detailed, with some very cool smoke effects during stormy nights. Atmosphere is top-notch and reminded me of Bloodborne. Graphics at maximum settings are very good, but not amazing. Overall, great RPG and I can't wait to see what the team does next.
Rioshi	Not Recommended	8.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/rioshi/	I worked so unbelievably hard. Used all my items on upgrading ranged weapons, and found out I lost all my ammo every time I challenged a boss. They *kept* the ammo they took for tries where I died against them. I found that out the awful way when fighting a certain cemetary boss. That said, every loss *also* made you go hunt down rats for more blood, since it kept that empty and you had to spend time on that between attempts as well. THEN you have the fact that you cant use your bed much, because every bed use for levelling *resets* the sicknesses of everyone across the city. To say nothing of the cemetary fight where the boss kills the victim no matter what you do and regains all her health, the last fifth of her health she just constantly spams neverending melee attacks with shadow dashes, and spawns battlefield wide blood mines that never stop. Of course, if you think that's annoying just wait. There's no fast travel. So to cure everyone's sicknesses constantly, you need to run directly across London every time you use the bed. Also all the merchants are spread around every survivor community, and it seems that no matter your final choices for every community, they'll go ultimately evil and make your life hellish. Collect all the hints and remove someone's memory? She goes missing, plummets all the health of her region, turns her building into an enemy spawning area, and then becomes a miniboss that kills you in two hits. Try going another route, and spare a man of the cloth? He'll go crazy with a cult and go missing, making the health plummet again!Every. Single. Thing. There is no choice, there is only the illusion of choice. And it absolutely feels awful. 1/10. I played for near NINE HOURS trying to like this game, and absolutely despised it no matter what I did. And being mocked for my choices in the cemetary as the boss mechanics actively mocked and PUNISHED me for not murdering everything? Just made me throw my arms in the air and give up on this headache of a game.
MrTrippy	Not Recommended	10.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198034138902/	Product received for free
lemurs2	Not Recommended	21.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197990686216/	Poor combat system and an average story do not help this game, but the lack of any normal save system is a deal breaker. For any game developers reading this; I will no longer purchase a game with no save system, I am an adult and I do not give a flying rats hindquarters about your 'vision'.
Roy-ARJ	Recommended	99.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198283106377/	After playing this game for about 2 hours i quite like it to be honest. It started pretty slowly and the combat felt clunky at the first time, looked rough and out of polish but after playing sometime and with progression it became fun, the game revolves around a Doctor♥♥♥♥♥Vampire named Jonathan Reid who'll have to rely on instinct how to progress in the story.This game is an Open World Action Adventure with RPG elements and packed with Side Quests and Citizen quests which gives massive Xp Boosts which has consequences, so far it looks good. The Hero has enough weapons and Items at his disposal which can be crafted and recycled at will.Performance: The game runs well at stable 60 fps on Ultra on my RX 480 but it has bits of stuttering issues here and there, it needs more love and polish the optimization and the game looks really good in it's spooky environments.My Rating: 7.5/10*Expected better from Dontnod after seeing their glorious works.
Plutonian	Not Recommended	11.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/lommerusk/	After 12 hours of play. I want to like it, but im bored now. Why? Combat is bland and somtimes infuriating. Story: same old angst ridden ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t we all have seen in a hundred movies, games and series before. NPCs: After the initial dialogue, they are generally as interesting as a dry rock. Drinking the NPCs: Empty out a good guy, area gets worse, empty a robbing gang leader area gets worse. (facepalm) You find yourself 3-5 levels deficit, spend your xp and gain some levels for yourself. The game levels every hostile NPC the same amount of levels Oblivion style. Very disappointed with almost every aspect of the game. Would refund.
bromeatmeco	Recommended	52.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/bromeatmeco/	Most important note:Vampyr is a great game for some people, but not everyone.  It can be enjoyed in a number of ways, but being clear in what type of game it is is going to prevent people who won't like it from getting it.  I'll go over the biggest points before the rest of the game information.The game has difficult gameplay. There is no difficulty selection in Vampyr.  As the loading screens tell you, the game's difficulty is affected by your in game actions; the more innocent blood you suck, the better your character becomes, making the game easier at the expense of other peoples' lives.  This is fantastic, because it combines gameplay and story in a way that they can't be separated.  However, some people might not like this, either in the sheer difficulty or in the lack of choice.  It's not a game you play with a video in the background or to relax; it is a challenge.  It's not the most difficult thing in the world, but anyone unprepared for a challenge won't like it.  Note: the devs are adding a difficulty selection, with easier and harder gameplay difficulties in addition to the normal one, making the game easier to get into.  Either normal or easy are good difficulties for players playing the first time, though I wouldn't recommend the hard mode for a first playthrough.The game has a unique take on vampires.  Vampyr approaches vampires from an almost scientific approach.  The main character is literally a scientist who attempts to cure himself and others.  It's very refreshing to not only have such a unique take on a variety of mythical creatures, but actually succeed in making it interesting as well.  It's not just good because no one's done it before, but it's also executed very well.  However, not everyone will like this.  You won't get to turn into a bat, and you can't suck people's blood partway.  If you wanted a traditional vampire game, Vampyr isn't for you.Most importantly, Vampyr is a game that involves very difficult moral decisions.  The world is very dark, and the player's actions can affect the environment in a very tangible way.  The moral choices are not always black and white.  Of all the RPG's that strive to have truly impacting decisions, Vampyr is one of the top few that succeed.  However, the punishing nature of the decisions was a negative to people who didn't understand what it truly means to have impactful decisions.  A lot of reviews on a variety of forums criticize the game for punishing you for acting like a vampire, or sometimes, not acting like a vampire.  That's what a difficult decision is: damned if you do, damned if you don't, but damned in different ways.  You can't go around kicking♥♥♥♥♥and chewing bubble gum, doing whatever you want, and expect there to be no consequences.  The game also uses an autosave method that prevents savescumming: you are locked into your decision for the playthrough after you make it.  You have to think about what you do.  If you don't want a game that's going to challenge you not just in gameplay, but in "story gameplay" as well, then don't play Vampyr.With that out of the way, we can go over the rest of the game, clear on what Vampyr is: a difficult RPG, intending on challenging the player with hard fights as well as hard choices, and a new spin on vampires.Positives:Great soundtrack.  The music in this game is intense and terrifying at times, and eerily ambient at other times.  However, there are a few relaxing or calming tunes as well, and some are also contemplative.  All of it is immersive.  The music is a combination of electronic synths and a traditional orchestra.  A few of the songs combine them, like Industrial Landscapes.Interesting characters.  The main characters, and a lot of the side characters, have interesting backstories that make it worthwhile to talk to them.  Even better is that the game encourages you to do this with experience: when sucking an innocent's blood, the more you know about them, the more experience you get.Compelling story.  The pacing of the story is perfect, giving you the least amount of information to make you want to progress to know more, but also with a rich lore that can be dove into.  The game is the perfect length for me, but since I tend to prefer games on the longer side, it might be too long for others.  The setting of the game is also interesting: WWI England in the midst of a plague.So so:Passable graphics.  The graphical quality is alright, and it runs alright.  DONTNOD is releasing tweaks that are supposed to optimize it.  You can run the game at max settings and get 60+ fps on a GTX 1070 and an i5-6500, though you might not hit 144 unfortunately.Combat depth is mediocre.  By this, I mean the RPG skill system: choosing abilities, leveling them up, etc.  It's decent.  Weapons and abilities can be upgraded in different ways to do different damage types, absorb blood (mana), stun enemies, or just maximize damage.  The depth is nice and interesting enough, it's just not the most branching as it appears.  Even though there are different ways to play, those ways are not completely separate from each other.  Just different enough to matter, but not as divergent as I'd hope.Negatives:Combat itself is improvable.  The games strengths lie in other areas: the combat has a Dark Souls type of vibe based around heavy dodging, timing attacks and abilities, and trying to survive a werewolf that can take out 75% of your health bar in one blow.  It can be summarized as Dark Souls, but not as good.  It's not unsalvagable, just improvable.Wonky camera.  This ties in to the points above and below: the camera can make it difficult to see all the enemies around you, focus on enemies you don't want to, etc.Subpar porting to PC.  The game is an obvious port from the console, and could have been done much better.  The camera and lock on mechanisms are taken straight from there, and while some updates were added to make it a little better on the PC it still lacks.  The menus are also annoying to navigate.  There are only 3 save files for playthroughs, which is disappointing.OverallVampyr is a great game with some obvious drawbacks, but you need to know what you are getting into.  You are in for a challenge, that will force you to make hard decisions and face consequences.  If you want to suck as much blood as you can and kill everyone with no reprecussions, don't get this game.  Otherwise, I recommend getting it.  If you think the gameplay drawbacks might damper your experience too much, it's worth it to wait for a sale for when it's $30 or less.
HomoErectous	Not Recommended	12.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198012543989/	I really wanted to enjoy this game but unfortunately I would not recommend! After playing 3 hours the fun/interest in the game had worn off but I was unable to refund it so I committed myself to the 12 hours I played trying to get this game to end! I don't think I've ever been angry at a video game until this came along. Save yourself the time and money and play something else. Or if you're that interest in the game you can watch me lose my♥♥♥♥♥♥here...https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=raiDLBp_kFw&list=PL6ICmPsarl3XEeKvxn5mfZ4z2eys3jJC5Pre Spoilers:The Premise of the game is really amazing, I love the idea of being a just post WW1 doctor turned vampire.Story wise I'd probably rate it a 4/10 I would have given it a higher rating if it wasn't for the way the game feels, which made me thoroughly disinterested in the game as a whole.The combat is god awful, you constantly get hit by attacks that arch into you after you've dodged, enemies doing abilities become "resisted" to your attacks but you can't do the same yourself, I constantly was killed while Reid was recovering for an ability animation (Ultimate ability mostly) and when you die in boss fights you are "reborn" crippled by your missing bullets and serum! The streets are so congested with enemies you can't walk 5 feet without bumping into something that wants to kill you, only to find that walking by them is impossible as you can't open the many doors blockading the streets to stop you just walking past them forcing you to fight almost all the things you come across.You also struggle to level up, if you are hoping for the good ending then you'll need to sink more that 12 hours in this game.Post Spoilers:As said above the only real way to level up is to kill NPC's, after spending 6 hours doing side quests and trying to be the nice guy enemies were still twice my level and easily mopped the floor with me! This lead me to murder all of the NPC's I stumbled upon and even after this I was still out leveled by the creatures I came across, each of which gives 5 xp base line regardless of their level with abilities costing around 1000 xp each mid game.This wouldn't be so bad but the combat is probably the worst I've ever seen in a game, you might as well not dodge and just put as many points as you can in the blood shield as having this on and attacking was the only way I could finish the game. The ending is also very lack luster but I assume that is because I chose to kill everything I could find because I was that done with the game. 
bravozzero	Recommended	1.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197970486709/	its a investegative type action rpg with good amount of fun as a vampire . loving the game not ran into any bugs or crashes yet . there seems to be negative reviews dont know why ....its dark gothic horror at its best in a game . great graphics the mist etc ........creepy and dark . great story and script in game focus are on with a winner here  with a great time setting and story line like no other game i have played in years ............if you love dark gothic story driven games ,,,,a must buy .
Evan	Recommended	3.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/zeonsilt/	Been waiting for this game since the first announcement and, well, i'm not disappointed.The Story.The game is set during the first World War, in London, that suffers from the Spanish Flu epidemic. Our protagonist, Doctor  Jonathan Reid, found himself in the sewers, with a strange injury on his neck and dead bodies around. During the opening sequence, he kills his own sister, because of the thirst for blood. After biting her, he immediately realize what he done, but it's too late. A Vampire Hunter saw him killing his sister and now they're after him. Jonathan tried to end his own life by shooting himself in the heart with revolver, but......he awakened next day in his own blood without any injuries.Thus, he decided to investigate who turned him into a vampire and what's happening in London.There's a tough choice present in the game: if you want an easy time and leveling, you need to kill the citizens of London.(and not just random ones, but story/important NPC too). If you won't do that, prepare for some hard boss battles. I decided to take a route of good guy, and damn, it's not an easy one.Also, before you kill an NPC, you need to heal them(you can give various medicine to sick/injured people) and collects "hints" for those NPC. Either in form of various documents, talking with other people or by doing quest. By doing so you will increase a "Blood Quality" of that NPC, increasing experience gain when you kill him. Yummy!The story may look a little pompous, but it's not that bad. The dialogues are well written and the characters look alive.Aside from main storyline, there's a lot of sidequests to do in each chapter. I also feel like mentioning that the game got some horror aspects in it.The Gameplay.Vampyr is an action RPG. It's like a little brother to Dark Souls or Bloodborne.You have a Health, Stamina and Blood gauges. Stamina gauge is the same as in BB/Souls series, i.e. performing any action, like attack or dodge (gaining temporal invincibility during it, it's super important to time it right during boss fights) will deplete Stamina gauge. Blood gauge can be filled either by attacking with specific weapons or by "biting" your opponents. In order to bite them, you need to stun them either with your weapon, or by stealth attack. You can use your blood gauge to heal yourself, or unleash powerful vampire-like attacks.There's a lot of possible character builds, various playstyles and weapon choices. You can try and decide which route you will follow.One of the best part of the game is it's exploration. Search every corner, look for secrets, find some secret documents and uncover the truth. Be aware that it's still an RPG, because i tried to attack level 18 enemy with my level 3 character. Oh boy, that was a really bad idea, my attacks barely did any damage.Speaking about enemies, so far i encountered Vampire Hunters and mutated citizens. The citizens are fast af and looks like your traditional Umbrella friends. Learning why they turn out into zombies would be interesting.The boss battles can be hard, but dodge properly and learn enemy patterns. Healing yourself and gathering blood is important too. Heck, you can even suck blood from rats in the street.The RPG aspects are good and there's a lot of craft/upgrades in the game too.The Final Verdict.8/10Vampyr is a great story-driven game, with a good battle system, that is similar to games like DS, but more forgiving than those titles. It's great, fast and entertaining. Definitely worth your time, if you want to play a decent RPG.- This review was presented to you by "Casual Game Reviews" Steam Curator. Casual Game Reviews Steam Curator page.  
wgren	Not Recommended	12.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/larswestergren/	I like DontNods previous Life is Strange, and I'm a big fan of Vampire: Bloodlines, so I really really wanted to like this game, which looked like a spiritual sequel. I tried to like it. The design goals sound good - a narratively driven RPG, where you, as a vampire, have to try hold on to your humanity while investigating your condition, while also trying to stop a mundane disease from taking over London. Drinking the blood of innocent civilians will give you big permanent boosts to your powers, but it will further destabilize the condition of the city making it more violent and dangerous to yourself and all in it. Plus you have to live with the guilt. And you will obviously end up with the "bad ending".However, there are flaws that just make the game impossible to enjoy for me. In V:BL, combat wasn't good either, but it was fairly rare and avoidable (at least the first 2/3rds of the game) if you played a sneaky or charismatic character. Here there is a constant stream of fights against "trash mobs" whenever you are moving between locations. A secret vampire hunting society that seems able to fill the streets with thousands upon thousands of recruits, as well as vampires closest resembling clan Nosferatu or their ghouls, if we are looking for a World of Darkness counterpart. So it's like an action RPG, but with less enjoyable combat. It's also difficult to suspend your disbelief when the level design seems to obey the rule of cool and the need to stretch game time out rather than be consistent with the lore and world building. Civilians are constantly walking around like nothing is happening when there are corpses and blood everywhere, and 10 meters away in another street there are hordes of howling monsters, their lairs are filled with sometimes hundreds of dismembered bodies (I counted). "There are rumours of a serial killer.... " I'll bet. Everywhere, even in ruins and sewers, there are burning candles placed directly on floors or wooden furniture. Who lights them? Why isn't everything on fire?Lastly and for me most importantly, there are several key moments where you are facing a moral choice and choosing the wrong choice leads to disasterous consequences for a whole district.  It's not a matter of thinking things through carefully, the game just doesn't give you enough information to make an informed choice even if you have talked to everyone, and the dialogue choices don't show clearly enough what the choices mean. It's like in LA Noire when you choose "doubt" and instead of telling the suspect "hmm, that story doesn't hold up" the detective starts screaming "YOU LYING ***! I'LL KILL YOU!". This makes it very difficult to care about the getting to know the characters and helping them with their problems and curing their ills when it all comes down to what feels a coin toss anyway. When getting the worst outcome twice in a row despite spending hours looking for every clue and helping everyone, I gave up. Play the Dishonored games and their DLC instead.
Inchilhota	Not Recommended	34.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198141836136/	Vampyr throws you into 1918 London during the Spanish flu epidemic, we play as Jonathan Reid a doctor who has recently been turned into a vampire. Throughout the course of the game you are given opportunities to act like the beast you've become and prey on the small population of healthy citizens to dramatically boost your level. This game is punishing with its decisions, with each life you take a district will become more unstable, to the point of losing everyone including those that harbor side missions. You cannot manually save, everything is based on an autosave feature, think about the intensity of a souls game auto save, its around there. The atmosphere and music are fantastic and truly are the games strengths, the voice acting is pretty well done too but not everyone has Jonathan's quality of voice. With all this said the game has its flaws, such as not being very descriptive in certain situations, a few moments will demand a choice you dont know the consequences to, which in turn could throw an entire district into chaos should you choose the wrong one by accident. Another is the "Difficulty" people are going on about, I found that it was fine. I was able to complete the game without taking a single life to boost my level, its completely doable the combat gives you all the tools needed to deal with enemies 10 levels or more above you, not to mention you can respec all of your XP at any hideout with no consequence other than a new night coming, allowing freedom of experimentation to find what suits you best. With that said and done I found this game fairly easy due to the fact that I play souls games frequently. My favorite being Bloodborne which this game resembles the most, if you have not played a souls game I can easily see why this will give you difficulty and you should keep that in mind. Overall, this is a fun game to me, an average to others and below to some. Should you get it? I'd say no, for now. I wont lie to others about this game. It has its ups and downs but the vampire experience you were expecting in the trailers is not here and its a shame, should the moment come and this game is on sale snag it up.
smox	Not Recommended	14.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197984641492/	I really tried to like this Game. But the Story didn´t get me at all, after 10h+ in. The dialog/expierience System is really one of the worst i ever played. Basically you have to talk to every Citisen and listen to there minor problems, if you don´t, you will get less xp.The Citisens that get sick every day and you have to walk through the hole City to cure them(there is no fast travel). Whitch wouldn´t be so bad(the City is tiny), if the enimes wouldn´t respawn every few minutes or when you leave district. The combat system feels a little bit like a souls game, but not so polished. And the setting is also really boring if you ask me. The game only plays in this dark victorian London setting. The Disticts basically all look the same in the dark and besides that, you only get to see some sewers and buildings from the inside(maybe later comes more but im not so eager to find out)Garlic out of 10!
ÅÅÅåååh Tarmen Er Full ÅÅÅÅÅåååå	Recommended	31.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197970756092/	This game is:70% talkingAtmospheric and beautifulAlmost completely devoid of stealth gameplayFilled to the brim with extremely difficult choicesThis game is not:Open ended about the player character. Unlike his much more open minded and estranged sister Riley, Jonathan Reid will not conform to what you would like him to be (stoked about vampirism and powerhungry in my case), but will always have one set path of character development that he does not deviate from.As free as they made it out to be. Yes, you can kill anyone, HOWEVER! You can only kill a person once your "mesmerise" level is as high or higher than theirs and the only way to raise mesmerism is to progress through the main story. So you can kill anyone yes, but only when the game says you can.Vampire the Masquerade: Bloodlines 2If you want to play it now knowing that it is mostly about talking to people with kinda shallow gameplay, but still fun mind you go right ahead. It's a completely okay game.Edit: The game is not 32 hours long tho like it looks on my /played. I left it on a lot while doing other things like carpentry and renovating my ♥♥♥♥ing kitchen lol.
Thescificultist	Not Recommended	15.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/thescificultist/	I really wanted to like this game, unfortunatley its been a massive disappoinment.  I'd been following its development closely and while I felt I was keeping my expectations in check, I was looking forward to a stylish and complex RPG.  Now the stylish it does mange to deliver on and the system of choices and dialogue do initially present a sense of depth.  London has a great creepy vibe, feels alive (or undead at least). Unfortunately its all a veneer, despite the maps being a bit on the small side, the system of road blocks, doors 'locked on the other side' and lack of fast travel quickly make it feel tedious to travel around. Once the veneer is lifted the mechanics are laid bare too.  The developers may have created a really interesting dialogue system with lots of potential - it just feels poorly implimented.  Telegraghing 'hidden' options, limiting choices and essentially narrowing every big decision down to please select - good, bad or indifferent.The controls are clunky and the the combat system is woeful.  This could have been easily forgiven if, as the game suggested it would be, there was the ability to build a charater that shunned combat with their wits, wile or charm.  None of which are actually an option, infact 70% of the game involves grinding through seemingly endless, unavoidable, respawning trash mobs!This ends up feeling like a Beta test for an potentilly excellent new dialgoue system from DONTNOD, one which I hope they sell on or re-use, but it fails to stand on its own legs. 
Seravia	Recommended	23.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198134980302/	Great game with a magnificent story line, plenty of variety with regards to combat style and weapons, and a dark ambience throughout. The game does feel optimized for console for movement, but it didn't prove too much of a hindrance once you got used to it. The combat is challenging which gives you a sense of satisfaction once you succeed. I look forward to future DONTNOD games. :) Graphics: 8/10Story: 9/10Combat: 8/10Atmosphere: 10/10
Taikyo	Recommended	23.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198160135908/	Ok, it took me 2 days to write my thoughts about this game so far..Is it a perfect game?No, it has its flaws. It isn't what you call an "Open world" game. For people who are wondering. Open World would mean that I can jump into that horrible looking canal and swim across it to get to the other side. Then again I guess that wouldn't be the gentleman's route, now would it? Lastly, there are loading screens entering certain buildings. Also regardless of the flaws the game is still pretty enjoyable. I do hope that the devs would continue to release some patches for the game, at least to show us that they still care for it. The game itself feels like it's still lacking more. There are a good amount of things they could add into the game to make it feel like the perfect experience that we paid for. That or just release a game kit and let the modders do it. Cons:- Not fully Open World, different from what I've heard from before. Nothing too big on my account, but still.- Not being able to save on our own. The Auto-Save thing is a giant pet peeve of mine in any game, especially an rpg where I have to make choices. Really tough choices. - Worst enemy: Locked Doors and Locked Gates... Need I say more? You'll know when you get there.- Normal Jumps. I don't know, is it a gentleman thing to not jump normally without the shadows and such?- The Vampire cliches. The only cliche that bothers me is the fear of religious items. But I guess since this game talks about being damned and such. eh... It ain't no White Wolf Lore. Pros:- Good story, I got invested- Good voice acting. I didn't want to mute the audio at all. That's a good thing.- I liked the character plot of what our character is. Doctor Vampire. - The overall look is good, although could they give our vampire sensing skill some night vision? I mean some parts of the game in certain areas can get REALLY dark and how dafook do vampires see well at night in this game? Overall thoughts:No regrets in buying this game. Trust me, I've bought games where I regretted I even bought the whole series. It was horrible...This game doesn't feel that way. Rest assured, you can actually play it and get some sort of enjoyment. I think if the devs would patch up the minor stuff, this game would be really really good. So far I'm in the middle. But I would still recommend it to people to play. Although if you want something with interesting deep vampire lore and you don't mind it being an old early 2000's game, obviously Vampire Masquerade; Bloodlines is still the best choice. White Wolf is seriously good at the vampire lore business.
endeee93	Not Recommended	18.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198072244712/	Crashing constantly despite being well above minimum requirements - corrupted my save twice. Tried to access my backup save file as suggested by developers to find they were also corrupted. After 18 hours of banging my head against a wall (and the unskipable cutscenes) I had been unable to get past chapter two and gave up due to the constant crashing. Can not get refund through steam due to this apparently not being a circumstance that they refund past two hours. I hope some form of patch is put out soon as I refuse to walk through / watch the unskipable 20 minute opening if this is just going to corrupt my save (not to mention crash my computer) again.Game play wise.... I was enjoying this game while I could play it. Story heavy (which I like) and a lot of dialog options with characters. Combat was fun if a little easy. Could take down enemies 10-12 levels higher than me without too much trouble and felt cool while fighting enemies at the same or similar levels. Pretty overall and I enjoyed the music. Map may be a bit confusing but I get lost everywhere so don't take my opinion on that too much to heart. Be aware that you can lock yourself out of "hints" from characters easily through dialogue and you cannot reload previous saves.Overall I enjoyed what I could of this game and would recommend it if I could play it. If your computer is an absolute beast and can take it I would definitely check it out if you like story heavy games with a bit of challenge. For eveyone else wait until a patch comes out to help with the crashes and corruption. Developers if you are out there... maybe make some cutscenes skipable and add a save file from the start of every chapter as opposed to just the backup save file?
2kilotons_of_fun	Not Recommended	9.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/2kilotons_of_fun/	I absoulutly love story driven games, and visual novels, but this game is indescribably boring. All of the game is listening to far to many near identical people talk and talk and talk about things that are completly irrelvent, untill every word they say just sounds like low volume static. It's like listening to a toddler slowly describe why he likes a certain shade beige for 5 hours. Nothing matters and nobody is even midly interesting and that's all the game is.The combat is simple hit them when they're not attacking and move away when they are; It's trivial on every hard diffculity. None of the upgrades for your wepons matter and the vampire powers you get just are not worth it. The entire point of the game is to kill all the peope so you can level up but YOU DON"T NEED TO KILL ANYONE. You can win the entire game without hardley any upgrades excpet health and stamina.This game was made by the same people who made life is strange, a game that I loved so much I played it all in one sitting on the first night I bought it. That game had no combat at all and hardley any gameplay but the story and characters were so good it didn't matter. These people can write intresting characters and a story that afterwards left me feeling beaten and unable to think about hardley anything else for days. This game is not life is strange and it's not worth your money even with the slight discount they give you.
Carnegie-Senpai	Not Recommended	8.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198080589641/	I don't usually write reviews but here I am.I've dropped the game by this point, which I don't often do. The combat ruins the game, and there is not nearly enough focus on the dialogue/character interaction. The combat is clunky, boring, and repetitive. Not to mention that the immersion is totally broken by the fact that 20ft away from every NPC is a horde of vampires that are perpetually present. The game also forces you to run around and perform meaningless tasks. It made me fight through a horde of vampires just for a 20 second cutscene of the MC brooding. If you want Witcher 3 esque combat then this game might be worth a try, but it is far too frustrating. The combat is clunky, the fights are repetative, the abilities are rather boring, and locking on to enemies is far too difficult so you'll end up missing 1/3 your attacks. Even if you breeze through the enemies it somehow manages to still be irritating. The worst part of the combat is that there is really no stealth system in a game about ♥♥♥♥ING VAMPIRES. I'd give the game a 4/10 but that could likely go up to a 6/10 depending on your tastes.
Taikyo	Recommended	23.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198160135908/	Ok, it took me 2 days to write my thoughts about this game so far..Is it a perfect game?No, it has its flaws. It isn't what you call an "Open world" game. For people who are wondering. Open World would mean that I can jump into that horrible looking canal and swim across it to get to the other side. Then again I guess that wouldn't be the gentleman's route, now would it? Lastly, there are loading screens entering certain buildings. Also regardless of the flaws the game is still pretty enjoyable. I do hope that the devs would continue to release some patches for the game, at least to show us that they still care for it. The game itself feels like it's still lacking more. There are a good amount of things they could add into the game to make it feel like the perfect experience that we paid for. That or just release a game kit and let the modders do it. Cons:- Not fully Open World, different from what I've heard from before. Nothing too big on my account, but still.- Not being able to save on our own. The Auto-Save thing is a giant pet peeve of mine in any game, especially an rpg where I have to make choices. Really tough choices. - Worst enemy: Locked Doors and Locked Gates... Need I say more? You'll know when you get there.- Normal Jumps. I don't know, is it a gentleman thing to not jump normally without the shadows and such?- The Vampire cliches. The only cliche that bothers me is the fear of religious items. But I guess since this game talks about being damned and such. eh... It ain't no White Wolf Lore. Pros:- Good story, I got invested- Good voice acting. I didn't want to mute the audio at all. That's a good thing.- I liked the character plot of what our character is. Doctor Vampire. - The overall look is good, although could they give our vampire sensing skill some night vision? I mean some parts of the game in certain areas can get REALLY dark and how dafook do vampires see well at night in this game? Overall thoughts:No regrets in buying this game. Trust me, I've bought games where I regretted I even bought the whole series. It was horrible...This game doesn't feel that way. Rest assured, you can actually play it and get some sort of enjoyment. I think if the devs would patch up the minor stuff, this game would be really really good. So far I'm in the middle. But I would still recommend it to people to play. Although if you want something with interesting deep vampire lore and you don't mind it being an old early 2000's game, obviously Vampire Masquerade; Bloodlines is still the best choice. White Wolf is seriously good at the vampire lore business.
Ohmygodbro	Not Recommended	0.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Chrysis_/	This is advertised as an open world action RPG, however the game feels like it is on rails. If the game were more open world and provided more freedom in movement and didn't feel like a console port it might be worth the price. However in it's current state I don't believe that it is worth the asking price as it is does not play how they are trying to advertise it. This is definitely one of those games you should pick up on a deep sale.
Joy	Recommended	59.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ahoyjoy/	I'm going to recommend this game, BUT on the condition that I don't recommend it at full price--if you're interested, you should pick it up on a sale. If you're itching for a vampire game, this will scratch it, but the game has major flaws.Overall, I felt like Vampyr had ambitions bigger than its AA scope. For example, a touted feature is that all 60 of the NPCs you can choose to kill or spare have their own life and problems, and you can speak to them with fully voiced conversations. It sort of matters who you kill in that some characters will have more impact on the health of a disctrict than others (a thug versus a doctor, for example) and may effect the 1 or 2 characters they're close to, but they really have no effect on the ending. What ending you get is purely determined by the amount of people you have killed. So if you kill the five worst characters, ones that are clearly victimizing other people, you'll get the same ending as if you'd killed five good, upstanding people. And there's no epilogue at the end about what happened to all these people or London as a whole--the endings are just about Jonathan's rather awkwardly-developed romance.My biggest complaint about the game though, is how the choices and autosave work. The game autosaves after pretty much every decision, even minor ones, and you get one save per game. The idea of this is that the player has to live with whatever choices they make, even if they don't like them. The problem here is that there are quite a few choices where it's very unclear what you're doing. For example, one of the first major choices will require you to decide what to do with a fairly important character who is blackmailing another important character. You have three choices. One of them appears to be the best choice, a balance between stopping the crime and letting them continue to help people, but actually that choice will end in tragedy. The only hint to this is a collectable that briefly mentions this tragic turn as a possibility, but it's very missable. If this option is chosen, the entire district will become hostile, and you'll lose access to all of the people inside it and their sidequests, which really, really sucks if you were very interested in those characters.A large part of why this bothers me is that the last game DONTNOD made, Life is Strange, takes a VERY different stance on choice. In LiS, you are allowed to see the immediate consequences of major decisions and then rewind and pick the other choice if you wish. So the developers went from focusing on extreme clarity in choice to... well, some of the worst options since LA Noir let us press X to Doubt. This isn't only a problem for major choices in Vampyr, it's also easy to lock yourself out of dialogue options and hints in regular conversation or sidequests, without much to guide you. Sometimes you miss a hint because you were sympathetic to someone. Sometimes because you were critical. There are really no clues as to which is the right option.For that reason, I recommend that PC users back up autosaves so they can have their own sort of multiple save feature. There's also I think a mod on the discussion board that will do this with hotkeys for you.Now that the major flaws are over, let's talk about what the game does well. The soundtrack is absolutely the best part of this game. It's very string-heavy, but also has some industrial sounds. It's both unique and beautiful. Most of the characters are interesting, even though you only get to have brief conversations with most of them. The atmosphere of the game is perfect. London looks appropriately dreary, and each district is visually distinct. The voice acting is overall good, though it can vary with the large cast. Combat can be clunky, but is generally serviceable, and you do get some pretty cool-looking vampire powers. The story is mostly compelling, with Jonathan facing both the mystery of the Spanish Flu and vampirism, though it takes a weird turn right at the end, and while the ending does wrap up loose ends, it didn't feel that satisfying to me.
yaxopulin	Not Recommended	15.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198031554035/	I have tried to like this game, but failed. One boring moment is followed by the other, only to be interrupted by repetetive combat. It is a shame that this interesting premise has been executed so poorly. There is too much meaningless dialogue, the "social-system" amounts to nothing, and the story as well as the main character are bland. And who thought endlessly respawning enemies were a good idea? I can't recommend this game.
Domitianus	Not Recommended	29.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Domitianus/	  The main problem of this game is, in order to maintain the health level of a district, you'll have to go through the same alleys, streets over and over again, running into the same enemy every time. This won't actually be a problem if I can turn into a bat or something to skip those boring part, but I just can't. So, no flying, I get it. How about run fast like a wind? Sorry, you can't do that either, all you can is basically jogging as if you are on the way to a tea party. I'd say as a vampire, Doctor Reed seems lacking the gene of sports, even when you are indeed pressing the shift button( he is really a shame of his kind.  The story of it is normal, ordinary, as I felt nothing for the characters when I played it. The combat system is dull. The sandbox of London seems replicate, you can't even go up the balcony until the story line gives you the permission. When I finished it the only thing I'm glad about was that I finnally made it through this nightmare. What has been amazing to this game then? I just can't think up with anything besides it's amazingly over charged price. Such a shame I even preordered it a year before it's final release.   If you really have to try this game, wait until it's been given a 80% discount.
stirletz	Not Recommended	70.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197993910639/	ZEROTHIS GAME IS COMPLETE WASTE OF MY TIME AND MONEYI have to replay an entire game because the main character is locked in the cemetery with his enemywho is (no spoilers) a powerful one (i went through several mission before this an thought i will upgrade the character after the meeting with the mystery person. 5000xp pending...) Turns out the game has locked me in that part of the map, I cannot defeat the the enemy but neither can i upgrade to get stronger before fighting... there is no save game to go back to its just an endless series of getting murdered over and over.... F*** THAT!!!!On top of that good, well intentioned choices I made in the game were punished, even tough I havent taken a single citizen, two districts are "suffering" the results of my actions... These consequences are completely nonsensical and punish you for a small thing even when you do everything else right...  total BSSPOILERSThe Nurse Crane character for example I told her to stop with the resistance activities (blackmail) not to stop with helping people... and the hospital gets shut down and the entire district is a mess..... BS choice design and no button to go back either... Its one thing if I wanted to take citizenbs lives and then to see the reprecussions, instead I try to heal; everyone and help everyone and what do I get???? S**T COMPLETE AND TOTAL *HITDONT BUY THIS STUPID GAME
Darkhollow	Recommended	23.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/darkholow/	Hello! Here I am with another review of a game I recently finished.So I've been anticipated this title for a very long time, because I am a big fan of Vampire the Masquerade: Bloodlines and there aren't enough Vampire RPG's around. Vampyr seem to hit right up that alley: It has vampires (obviously), a gothic victorian setting, atmospheric music and action combat. It has taken me around 23~ hours to finish the game and my time with it has been a very enjoyable ride. There are 65 unique NPC's in the game with their own backstories and tribulations that you can or not get involved into by doing their side quests to find out more about them. What immediately jumps out when you start the game and get pass the prologue is the fantastic atmosphere of the game that is complemented by a fantastic eerie soundtrack. The dark districts, alleys & streets of London give you this sense of mystery and makes you feel like you are Sherlock Holmes the detective (I can't explain it any other way). You play the role of a Surgeon turned Vampire and have to choose if you will feed on civilians or decide not to and try to play a "no civilians killed" route which is very doable (I did it this way). There are no difficulty options in this game. What Vampyr does in an unique way is how it handles experience (which is gained either via combat, side quests or by feeding on civilians. If you want to be powerful you have to make the decisions to kill said civilians to get more XP, else the game will become very difficult. This is also where the dialogue comes in...if you find documents regarding some NPC's you will learn about "hints" that you can use in conversation to find out more about said NPC's, which in turn increases their blood quality (you get more XP if you  decide to "embrace them" aka kill them).Now onto the combat aspects and gameplay of this game: the combat is serviceable..I would call it "souls lite" mainly due to the fact that you have a stamina bar for your melee swings and for dodging, of which you can increase by leveling up said skills. You have passive skills (Health, stamina, blood pool increase) to active skills where you get access to different vampiric abilities that use blood as a resource and using materials you find in the world to upgrade your melee and ranged weapons.You can also craft one time use serums and medicines to help the NPC's if they get sick. This in turn will also help the stability of the district they are apart of. There are multiple districts in this game, although there is one single map and aside from a few instances where you need a loadscreen to enter a house..you can travel to every district without a loading screen. There are a couple of NPC's in each district and if you want to keep said district healthy you need to take care of the NPC's. Every time you rest (to be able to level up) time advances to the next night and it can affect the "status" of each district either good or bad depending on the conditions of the NPC's.All the decisions you make in this game will have ramifications towards the finale and there is no way to save scum, because the game autosaves the second you decide on a choice (that is usually indicated with a red Y in the middle).And now for my quick Pro/ConsPro:- Great story- Stellar voice acting all around  (especially the main character)- Atmospheric & eerie soundtrack- Choice & Consequence system (I include here the dialogue, leveling and "hint" system that I wrote above)- Multiple Endings based off your decisions ^- Replayability from the decision of feeding/not feeding on civilians + multiple ways you can build your character for combatCons:- Not enough enemy variety (understandable for a AA game) + the combat can become repetitive after 10 hours by fighting the same enemy types- The difficulty curve in terms of enemy levels when you finish the chapter is too high if you decide to be a pacifist and get your XP only from killing hostile enemies / doing side quests (I was 7+ levels below the last boss by going this route).- Random framerate drops, mainly due to a lot of postprocessing effects being clumped up into the same graphical setting (volumetric fog, depth of field, motion blur are all in PP without a way to disable them individually)Vampyr at it's core is an narrative RPG experience, which is why I hate the fact that so many reviewers have given it such a low score..expecting it to be something that it is not (an action RPG). Many people compare it to Vampire the Masquerade Bloodlines, but have they forgotten that said game was mostly just dialogue as well? I have finished the game a few years ago and I can say that it has the same slow pace as Vampyr.With that said...I want to applaud Don't Nod for completely deviating from their previous title (Life is Strange) and giving us a fantastic vampire RPG that it's worth playing if you are a fan of such games.Do I recommend this game? YES! PS: I have found a very good post regarding this game on a gaming forum and it was said so well that I couldn't of had said it better myself. So I will leave you all with that:"In a market saturated by AAA titles, Vampyr is an excellent example of why we need more AA games. It's not the prettiest or the smoothest experience, but then again, it's really not trying to be. What Vampyr wants to do is tell the story of a newborn vampire who holds the fate of post WWI-London in his hands; the focus is on story, atmosphere, and making hard decisions that have hard consequences. Vampyr succeeds quite handily at all of this, and if that sounds like the kind of game you'd like to play, I recommend checking it out. Make sure to pace yourself, though, because every night will be long and bloody."
Shoki	Not Recommended	2.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Creel/	This game looked super cool, but unfortunately it was another bad port with last gen graphics.The combat is way to clunky and the game should have been more polished before release. Awesome concept but the execution was sloppy at best
IShallRiseAgain	Recommended	35.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/IShallRiseAgain/	While flawed, I found Vampyr to be an interesting experience. Ultimately, I was glad I played it.The main focus of the game is the story. Usually, the writing is decent to good. Playing a doctor in London during the Spanish Flu epidemic is a fairly unique setting for games.  One issue is that sometimes the dialouge options can be unclear about what your character is actually going to say. For instance, at the end of chapter 2, there is one option that pretty much everybody misinterepts what it means. There is also a romantic development that feels a bit sudden and forced. Finally,  while I know one of the themes of the game is that everybody contributes to the health of the community, there are certain characters that pretty much make everybody else's lives more miserable and dangerous. Killing them still makes the community more unstable.The combat is serviceable, but can sometimes be a little bit tedious during boss fights. It might have been less tiresome if I wasn't playing "hard mode" by doing a low kill run. Another "hard mode" issue was the lack of variety in combat. It'd been nice to have access to more abilities. One thing I like is how aside from one enemy type, enemy vampires' pool of abilities come from the same set of abilities you can obtain. See an ability you want? you can get it. There are some QoL issues that can be improved with the game. While generous with providing shortcuts, it can be a chore to travel across the entire map. You don't get access to your run ability while in non-hostile areas. There is also a micro-managing element were you have to maintain the health of the residents of London. While I like the idea behind it, it can be a little bit burdensome. Since people only get sick after you go to sleep and level up, I found myself holding off on doing it until it was absolutely necessary.This is a game you probably want to wait for a sale for. I'd be interested in a sequel that fixes some of the game's flaws. it would have the potential to be great game instead of just a decent game.  
Trails	Recommended	31.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198073829567/	Vampyr's vision of skulking around London, getting to know and then eat your neighbours is a less than polished experience, but it is a thoroughly engaging one. Vampyr isn't very well executed, but what it does execute is interesting, unique and memorable.The game's clunky combat and occasionally wobbily narrative are noticeable and I'm not really sure if it was worth the full price, but if this game is ever on sale for like 33 - 50% off? I'd say it's a definite buy.7/10, would definitely murder Clay again. 
Lock	Recommended	3.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Lockmort/	Within the first 5 minutes, I bit my sister, someone committed suicide, a priest nearly died and I killed 3 people. It's like Christmas 2012 all over again. 12/10 for nostalgic reasons.
ƒεƒε	Recommended	19.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Neicilef/	Pros : + Interesting story+ Some intriguing characters+ The atmosphere of late WW1 London+ Great Soundtrack and voice acting+ Developped loreCons :- Fighting mechanics which are a bit dull and can be frustrating- No quick travel : very annoying when you have to cross the map a few times and face barred doors for no real reason- Some decisions you have to take are unclear regarding their conequences and thus the way they'll change the story- Some objectives are quite unclear and you find yourself roaming the streets hoping to find an answerOverall, I'd say that it's still a good game despite some of its flaws and I enjoyed playing it. However, if you want to get it, you should wait until its price is around 30 euros.
An Actual Skeleton	Not Recommended	22.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/thegreatgp/	This game really Had potential once I started playing itGood combat mechanics, intriguing story, compelling charactersthen after 5 hours it falls into the gutter harder than a metric ton of bricksthe combat sessions become repetitive and uninteresting, Bosses get degraded to simple mooks in less than 20 minutesthe character dialogues and stories get filled with overused cliches and examples not really neededthe story becomes embarassingly diluted and twists are so easily predictable to take away any fun from the discoveryand dont get me started on one of the worst aspects of the whole thing: No manual saving, only auto.Which one would assume to be an interesting way to see the player's action's repercussions live as you proceed in the game. Instead every choice you make has little to no repercussion on the whole experience, its simply a way to force multiple playthroughs due to honest mistakes or choices that werent available to know without the use of a guide and prolong playtime for a game that only gets toward 30 hours of lenght only thanks to exploits like forced grinding or continued forced backtracking.Dont buy it unless you have Masochistic Tendencies and just go play a better vampire game like Masquerade: Bloodlines
-   .julez.a	Recommended	25.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/thejoolz/	Vampyr does not make the best first impression. I tend to abandon games that take a while to grab my attention but I'm glad I pushed through this time. The combat is sometimes very satisfying, utilizing your assignable powers while others are on cool-down, shifting between enemies with ease. At other times, it's tremendously frustrating. The camera can get stuck too close to you or won't respond the way you expect; the targeting system is very clumsy and almost never reliable. These issues are compounded whenever the combat is taking place in cramped, indoor locations.The dialogue can be incredibly stilted, which is common in games that have multiple dialogue trees but there are times that it's jarring here. The main story is kind of a mess and totally convoluted, though that being said, I've never personally been a fan of the vampire/monster fiction set in 19-20th century London so take that with a grain of salt.On the bright side though, is all the darkness. I can't exactly put my finger on why I enjoyed my time with Vampyr, it was mostly the mood and the environment. Rarely does a game hold my attention with just the little details, but it really does create a distinct atmosphere. The side quests are pretty varied and the entire mechanic of unlocking dialogue options for each NPC by uncovering their secrets makes exploring and speaking to every citizen worth while. Combining your powers during combat can bring you back from the brink of death, escaping by the skin of your teeth, which happened to me more than a few times during my playthrough.On the whole, I think this game is a strong entry for anyone looking for a strange, haunting RPG who doesn't mind a ton of dialogue. The charm/hint mechanic while speaking to characters is probably the most unique feature here, but the actual performances and writing are arguably its biggest weaknesses. If you're willing to tolerate the story and inconsistent combat, this is a great 20ish hour experience.
The Eleatic	Recommended	60.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/eleatic/	I've played through Vampyr twice - once somewhat recklessly, once as a strict "pacifist" - and found the experience entirely satisfying from beginning to end. While any tale of vampires in London risks falling into cliche, the story here is very well crafted, especially in the structure of choices and consequences which play out seamlessly, without calling attention to themselves. There are enough twists and surprises to keep the player guessing until all the (proverbial) chickens come home to roost.The look and feel of the game is rich and immersive. The characters are diverse, and the "hint" system of conversation adds a lot of interest as well as an incentive to explore the map more fully. There are also opportunities to eavesdrop on NPCs, to find out some surprising things about them. While it is billed as an RPG, I might characterize it as "RPG Lite": you can take Dr. Reid's character in different directions, but the skill tree/leveling system does not go very deep, and there is only modest opportunity to find and craft better weapons. The game map is relatively small, and "open" only with restrictions, though it's quite adequate as the setting for a 25-30 hour story (including side quests)The one thing I found to be frustrating throughout is the combat system, which I would have to characterize as mediocre. In my "pacifist" playthrough, in which all the bosses were generally 5 to 8 levels higher than me, delays and wonky controls in combat would sometimes lead to a quick death. Still, I didn't really choose this game for the combat, but for the interactive story.(Fans of DONTNOD's other (ongoing) franchise may enjoy a couple of easter eggs related thereto. One is an acheivement centered on something in Dr. Reid's office, the other is a conversation on which you can eavesdrop between two NPCs who are waiting for someone (Godot?) outside Temple Church.)
Black_Fang_XIII	Not Recommended	47.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198121206088/	IntroVampyr is set in Victorian London where you assume the role of a new-born vampire, Dr Jonathan Reed. His primary quest is to stop a deadly plague threatening to devour the whole of London. The irony lies in the fact that Reed is a doctor by profession and his job is to save lives. Now, he must take them just to sustain himself. The result is that the good doctor often finds himself in some serious moral dilemmas.Characters and CommunityRight off the bat lets talk about the citizens and the character design as it’s one of the best things about Vampyr. While quests do net you experience, the easiest way to accumulate it is by sucking the blood of NPCs. However, the default exp gained by embracing a citizen is measly. You need to do a bit of work in order to increase it. This can be done by gathering information about the citizens and keeping them healthy.There’s a caveat here though, as each citizen is linked to every other in a burrow via a network and if you decide to kill one the entire district is affected. If the stability in an area falls below critical, the citizens go missing and high level enemies start popping up. The side quests also fail.Vampyr Review: Combat and CraftingThe other enjoyable aspect of Vampyr is the combat. The game blends dual wielding and special vampiric abilities to devise a fast paced hack and slash combat system that’s quite fun at first, but by the end starts to get repetitive. The enemies follow a resistance scale, having high, moderate and low resistances against different kinds of attacks. The combat lacks in depth though. While there are combo moves, they are too simple and too few, and it doesn’t take that long to master and soon get bored of them.Vampyr Review: Plot and Game-WorldWith all the positives out of the way, let’s talk about where Vampyr falls short and why it is ultimately a disappointment. The main issue with the game is the lousy plot, especially since the expectations were quite high. Life is Strange and Before the Storm had a terrific story, but Vampyr covers most of it in the epilogue. Just like the combat, initially it’s interesting but as the game drags on, it turns out to be a big bore. The ending holds a bit of intrigue, but that’s far from enough to warrant the poor writing overall.The lack of a proper antagonist is also thoroughly felt, and it further contributes to the shaky plot. On a more casual note, the well mannered and polite attitude of the protagonist is kind of hard to get used to. Many video game characters these days tend to act immaturely, with little decency and no control over their language.Map and Game-worldAnother major issue with Vampyr is the small map. While this shouldn’t cause any trouble in a linear game, Vampyr is an open world RPG and as such you visit the same locations and fight the same enemies half a dozen times just to obtain some ingredient or quest item. The first mission requires Reed to go to the hospital morgue and collect the ingredients for a drug, but so do a bunch of other side quests, as well as the one of the last quests. The backtracking in Vampyr was a major turnoff for me and let’s admit it video games would be better off without it.Vampyr Review: Soundtrack, Visuals and ConclusionThe soundtrack and the visuals are decent, nothing special but not something you can complain about either. The optimization is well done. We got constant 60 FPS on an NVIDIA GTX 1050 Ti powered laptop at 1080p and our 1080 Ti was able to maintain constant 60 FPS at 4K Ultra without breaking a sweat.In the end however, Vampyr fails to impress. The devs seem to have focused plenty on player choice and consequences, but the story has been neglected. The game world is also relatively small for an open world RPG and the combat suffers indirectly as a result. Looks like fans of the genre will have to look elsewhere to satisfy their vampire fetishes.For a complete review, snaps and a gameplay video, visit this page:https://www.techquila.co.in/vampyr-game-review/ 
Lord451	Not Recommended	2.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197964276889/	It's a really fascinating story and an interesting concept but they make one huge mistake.  You're a vampire...stronger, faster, more enduring than any mere mortal.  And they included a stamina system.  And oh my god this knife is so heavy and I'm so tired after swinging it three times and I just have to catch my breath.  The combat is absolutely awful and completely wrecks the rest of the game.
Ant	Recommended	35.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198001659612/	Its... ok I guess. The only gripe I have is that it was not made with pc's in mind. having said that the grapgics are nice my pc runs them at full bore, but the contrlos are very clunky and dont feel natural. only played 3hours thus far but the storyline seems ok, its just a bit drawn out and gives the feeling its going to take alot of time to fully get into it. As someone else already pointed out it feels less like a vampire game and moore like a sherlock holms story. over all I am enjoying it, just wish they made the controls feel a bit more natural.
Soulhex	Recommended	35.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Soulhex/	I've been looking for a good RPG Vampire game and we finally have it, there is a lot of negative reviews, not because this is a terrible game but because it's not most people's cup of tea. I find it to be very unique in many ways, and in some ways not. But, to say I've put 14 hours into the game in one sitting (little breaks here and there for health). I definately rate this up with one of the best games I've played.
Soulhex	Recommended	35.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Soulhex/	I've been looking for a good RPG Vampire game and we finally have it, there is a lot of negative reviews, not because this is a terrible game but because it's not most people's cup of tea. I find it to be very unique in many ways, and in some ways not. But, to say I've put 14 hours into the game in one sitting (little breaks here and there for health). I definately rate this up with one of the best games I've played.
Krakken	Not Recommended	1.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/krakken/	Well, this was something of a letdown personally.I was expecting big things from this game, not necessarily "game changing" features so to speak, but something that could rekindle that fire for a gripping ARPG to discover once again.Unfortunately, it is far from what I was expecting. I was expecting a wast, greatly interesting middle ages London to explore with all kinds of extraterrestrial beings to face down against.Instead... instead I got the following:-Handholding...YET AGAIN, to such lengths, where it is almost unbearable to get through even just the tutorial.-An extremely shallow and boring(yet sometimes challenging) combat This was probably the biggest letdown in the game for me, I was hoping that the combat would be engaging enough to keep my interest through the game.-A really boring, generic, predictable story, with some of the most mundane voice acting you can imagine.-Copy and Paste bosses. Nothing more to say here, dissapointing.There is only one interestin/redeeming feature in the game, and that's the leveling.The more civilians you consume blood from, the stronger you will be, but this also affects areas of the game around you as you progress. This sort of lets you set your own difficulty for the game. Which could've been fun, had it not been for the other "features".And just to sum it up, if you play the game, the first 10 minutes of the tutorial are some of the game's weakest moments.You wake up. As you can guess, as a Vampire, your sister happens to be there, you bite her(which if you know anything about Vampires will mean she will turn into a vampire, but why not just leave her there of course), then you get chased a little, stop in a "safe house checkpoint". Here, for some INSANE reason, you get a flashback of the first 5-10 minutes that you have JUST literally played...*insert jackie chan what reaction meme*I really can't recommend this game for anyone that is looking for a great game, certainly doesn't deserve the price tag that's for sure, not even on sale.A lesson learned, once again, don't give into the hype.
The Epitaph	Not Recommended	19.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TheEpitaph/	This review is going to be a long one. It will focus on many aspects beyound just my personal enjoyment of it. If you don't like to read a lot or get off on correcting grammar, this is not the review you are looking for.  With that out of the way, let's get cracking.Vampyr really is a game that gets hurt by it's decision to adhere to the mainstream gameconventions. So much so, that I started to scream at my monitor at some point, in a gutural primal expression of both grief and sheer anger. But, first things first. Vampyr is a third person action RPG, with supposedly a focus on dialouge, decissions and their consequences.  You start out as a newly sired vampire, quite similiar to VtM:B, and have to carve out a space for yourself in a 1920s-era London. To achieve that, you have vampiric powers at your disposal. There are no real classes per se, but just one array of skills, which gets unlocked by XP. XP is earned through finishing quests, combat and , most importantly, through sucking the blood out of unsuspecting brits. The skills are mostly combat-based, with the exception of the „mesmerize“ skill, which basically acts as a gate-mechanic to stop you from nibbling on every NPC you meet out in the streets. It's also the only skill that can't be imrpoved by ordinary XP. The combat-system itself is pretty much standard fair for games like that. I'd say, it's most akin to any „Dark Souls“-like, in that you have an array of weapons which handle differently and have different dmg-stats, while also sporting a stamina-bar that limits your chained attacks and stops you from spaming the dodge. The vamp-skills have their own corresponding „mana-bar“ in the form of the blood-bar. Damage dealt is also differentiated by two types, „HP-dmg“ and „Stun-dmg“. The first one is selfexplanatory, while the other bar basically acts as a balance-mechanic so you don't just continuesly nibble your way through all the enemys. That's needed because you are, just like in VtM:B, able to chomp down on enemys midfight, replenishing your HP, stamina and blood, while being invulnerable during the animation. Enemys mostly consist of other „vampirelikes“ and humanoid-enemys with guns, torches, cruzifixes and other assorted prankstergear. The other part of the game is basically a „doctor without borders“-simulator. You enter different city-districts, which all have a fixed hierarchy of NPC-characters, with one of those NPCs being the „pillar“ of the community and usually the focus of a main-quest. Every district has a „health“-status, which gets affected by your choices during the quests and the other big mechanic, the disease-system. See, because you're not only a vampiric Adam Jensen cosplayer, fresh out of the WW1 meatgrinder. NO! You're also a doctor prodigy, who wips up cures for all kinds of illnesses from left over pills he finds in trashbins. And as such, you have the moral obligation to forcefeed remedies to everyone you meet on the streets, who just so much as sneezes. During your daily rounds you also tend to uncover all kind of naughty gossip about your „patients“. And seeing how you're really into being a Buttinsky blood-conesiour, you promptly go to those people and rub it in their face. You do this, not only because it's supremly fun to use your mindcontrol-powers to embarass people, but because every little tidbit of gossip you know, somehow, improves the quality of the blood you sip from the meatbags. These are the two halfs of the game in a basic summary. On paper, the concept is well realized. It's basically the question „what if doctor becomes monster?“  put to gameform. Dontnod decided to make the monster a vampire, but it really could've been any kind of monster. Mummy, Ghoul, Investmentbanker, you name it. And here in lies the big problem. When Vampyr was anounced and some previews were released later down the line, there was this one fear nagging at the back of my head. „What if the extent of „being a vampire“ is just a powerbar/mana you need to fill up“. And a few hours in, all my fears have been validated. The big tragedy of vampyr, is, that they can't contextualize the duality between being a vampyr and trying to stay human in the gameplay offered. It starts with the death of your sister by your own hands, which completly falls flat since you only got to know her a few seconds prior to her death. Followed by the shizophrenic loudly spoken monolouges of your protagonists and topped by gameplay that is way too easy and yet tedious at the same time. The big constant question vampyr tries to ask you, is, do you feed on the blood of the more or less innocent humans to gain power quickly or do you struggle. Maybe you even steer yourself into a position you can't get out off, because of your petty principles. No gamemechanic really enforces this dilema, however. The combat is made so easy ,that ,if you just level up your stamina and focus on stun-weapons, allowing you to regen back to 100% with a vampirenibble every ten seconds, you hardly feel the pressing need to „feed“ on humans for power. The dialouge-options to find out more gossip about the NPCs allmost never require any kind of skillchecks, but only demand of you to comb through the vicinity or to finish some sidequests. The status of the districts, maybe the only thing that really gets impacted by your behaviour towards the NPCs, is more tedious than a heartwrenching dilema, seeing how it's basically a ressource-drain mechanic used by any MMO you ever played. Need some more pills from a trashbin to help old Oscar? Just grind some enemys who keep respawning over and over again!The worst part, or maybe ingenious part depending upon which way you look at it, is the interaction with the pillars of a district. At the end of the quests that impact them, you allways face a choice that changes the districts „health“ drastically. But, espescially when you don't feed on humans, you really don't have a single clue about what action will do what. For example, the first district you visit is whitechapel, where a prominent figure runs a illegal infirmary for the poor. At the end you are faced with the choice of what to do with the instigater. I choose to mindwipe the person, thinking, well, she'll just forget that she runs this place and returns to her dayjob. What happened, was, that I literally broke her mind and she turned into an enemy, while the healthbar of the district droped. You could argue that this is intended, makeing the player realize that he really has no clue about his own powers and this sometimes leads to negative consequences, even though it was meant as a positive decision. But nothing beyound the person turning into an enemy made this clear. People in the district still talk to me like nothing happened, I neither suffer any skillpenaltys nor any real benefits. If that's what consequences feel like, sign me up! ~ Due to character-limit on reviews, I had to continue in the comments. Would be cool if people wouldn't comment, but let's face it, this is the internet. Whatever I guess, my two cents ~  
The_Daleatron	Not Recommended	20.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/The_Daleatron/	Interesting vampire themed game ruined by the worst targeting system known to man kind.
onejerky_aye	Recommended	56.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198314869103/	I played this game @2160p max out setting, this game had great stunning the detail environment, the atmosphere is beauty even 90% are dark atmosphere..lucky me i got display with black level category premium level, to my eyes its truely immersive :D..i got excellent optimize performanceTop notch voice acting..lots people complaint about poor animation and combat system..for me those  aspect still fun and i can enjoyed it, to people whose complaint that aspect try go deeper play thisEdit : Mary O_0
CargoPantsGuy	Not Recommended	43.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198086882637/	A game that promises so much, falls flat on it's face with a game that is filled with potential yet is mediocre with a large price tag to go along with it.A note to DONTNOT; Do not, I repeat, do NOT make a game you ADMIT isn't a AAA game yet sell it for a AAA price. It will not end well. If I am paying 45 dollars for a game, I expect to get my money back in innovative gameplay, a great story, and an immersive world. Yet, it is painfully mediocre and a chore to play and incredibly frustrating.DO NOT BUY UNLESS IT IS WITHIN THE 15-20 DOLLAR MARK.NOTE: I will make a full review when I finish the game since I am willing to give it another shot. Bear with me here.
The Wheat Man	Not Recommended	1.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/CriMs0nC0bra/	I wanted to like this game, I really did.. It's not that it's a *bad* game, it's that it's just not a very good one either. The controls for both combat and exploration are clunky at best. The dialogue writing is bland, and without life (unless the good stuff is hidden deep within, which honestly I could not pull myself to venture that far.)The rigging and animation is very poor, feeling like an unpolished mess in parts.Also, for a game that prides itself on choice, and giving you the option to avoid killing.. It forces you to kill very many people in the early stages of the game, with seemingly no reaction from the main character aside from "Huh.. This is all very strange."Things like that left a very sour taste in my mouth over this game, and I may return to try it again sometime in the future. As it is right now, I would not recommend this this game at full price to anyone. Maybe when its $20.
Spiral Power	Not Recommended	15.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/RowRowFightThaPower/	Get it on sale. Decent story with decent character's, a bad game. Navigating the city feels like a chore, it isn't fun. Everything looks the same, there's little to no variation when it comes to "level design". I know it's meant to be post war london during a plague but honestly the city is just so...dull. I guess they captured that properly.Combat is actually pretty awful. I'll be honest, I tried hard to enjoy it. I figured that maybe it was just the early guys were so braindead easy, nope. The combat you get from the start is the combat the game stays with. Acquiring better abilities/etc doesn't really change much. Combat is a monotonous slog that requires no real strategy or mechanics to win. Match the ability to the color type or just hit everything with a spiked bat (because 2 handers are broken as♥♥♥♥♥♥. Weapon variety is another thing. Every weapon feels the same. Got a new 1 hander? Well enjoy your stat increase because it's going to feel and play the same. Same thing for every weapon type.Overall this game is a lukewarm 6/10, maybe even a 5/10. In an effort to keep this review short, the dialogue/story is less engaging due to the "intensity" of the dialogue system and how the quest system works. Instead of learning about characters or having mysterious quests/etc, you play some sort of ♥♥♥♥ed up sherlock holmes game where at the end you get to eat your culprit. The game quickly devolves into a "dialogue checklist" and the main story loses any sense of urgency because of this. The "story" peaks very early on and sputters out into meager existence later on.The soundtrack is 10/10 though, keep that dude doing whatever it is he's doing. Honestly couldn't set the mood/tone for the game anybetter. It's really what kept me going for ~13 hours because after 2 I was ready to return it but I figured that a soundtrack that good meant the game had to be good.PS on sale means 20$ usd on sale. This game just isn't good.
Dargok	Not Recommended	9.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197995816364/	After about 9 hours with this game, I am done being disappointed. One of the main hubs of the game is a hospital. Yes, a hopsital with doctors and nurses and yet you have to micro manage colds and headaches. The main character is a bumbling idiot, who spends 3-4 hours of gameplay disputing being a vampire while biting people and using blood magic, that also never fails to stress that he is a doctor to every single person he meets. Once he accepts he is a vampire, he spends the next half of the game looking for his vampire daddy like a lost child in an amusement park.The way this game functions is you have to manage the health of every location. You're a doctor so that sounds not too bad, right? Well by that they mean you have to talk to every single person, craft some medicine and give it to them while also doing worthless side quests to raise the overall health of the area. Now remember, you're a vampire. The game really really pushes you to "embrace" (yes they actually call it embrace) citizens for large amounts of xp and blood. Great! You're a vampire sometimes you eat people. Well, any time a citizen dies, it lowers the health of the zone which means more people get sick which means more minor illnesses you have to manage etc.The leveling system revolves around finishing quests, or eating citizens. If you never eat a citizen you will be severely under leveled where trash mobs will 1-2 hit you. If you eat citizens, health declines. Now for the better part, every time you rest to spend your xp, which is how you actually level, it ends the night and events happen. So people get new sicknesses, some people will die if you dont do their quests, and people who weren't cured get worse. AKA the game actually punishes you for leveling. So you are encouraged to bank XP, run around and cure everyone in every zone, then level for least amount of damage. With the latest patch, loading screens take a solid 45 seconds. You opened a door? 45 seconds. You walked down some stairs and opened another door? 45 seconds. I have a 1080ti and a Ryzen 1800x and regularly multitask in 4k but yet this game needs that long to load a small courtyard.The game is just tedious and pointless fluff meant to make the game feel longer while the actual game would be about 1/3 as long otherwise.Rating:Storyline: 5The overall idea is decent, the way they went about it was much less than that.Voice Acting: 9The voice acting is actually really good.Soundtrack: 10The soundtrack is fitting for the game and helps set the atmosphere pretty well.Dialogue: 2The writing is one of the most redundant things on the planet. Characters will spend large amounts of time talking about nothing that you just have to sit through. When they very awkwardly flirt with each other, it feels like elementary school kids talking on a playground, not hundreds of years old vampires. It also makes you wonder why the main character is such an idiot. He's either a chronic amnesiac or has the memory of a wet peanut that a cow farted into the atmosphere. On top of that, he swings back and forth between an excrutiatingly emo child to someone who thinks he's intelligent multiple times during each conversation.Choices: 1The majority of the choices only change how much micro management of people's health you have to do and might as well not even be in the game. A few change events but in the overall don't matter in the slightest.Controls: 1After the recent 8gb update target lock in combat swaps and moves around every time you attack so you'll be fighting an enemy and then with your next attack you'll 180 and swing at a fence while getting fisted.Execution: 1It is just a frustrating experience and I wish I had never played it.tl;dr this is probably a $10-15 game at best. If it's more than that, read a Twilight fanfic while listening to the soundtrack and you'll get the same idea. 
Ally	Recommended	9.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/wallister/	Quick ReviewI have read a few things that may put people off or make people want this game which I thought I'd clear up with my initial few hours.First of all, it's nothing like Dark Souls, I don't understand that comparison at all. If I was forced to compare it to another game, I'd reluctantly say Dishonored's setting/gameplay in the overworld, Shadow of Mordor's goblin system replicates the NPC's(in a lite way) and the combat reminds me of The Witcher 3. The story has started out pretty strongly in my opinion and it is more of an RPG than most action RPG's with decent dialogue options and choices being unlocked through investigation. So far so good in my honest opinion, might edit this later down the line once I've finished it, but for now its a "yes" on the "should I buy" scale.
Pastor Iceberg Slim	Recommended	28.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/banksoir/	Strong vibes of the Witcher 1 here. A confident RPG that sets out to do it's own thing and does it well yet is perhaps slightly stunted by it's budget. Will update with a full review once completed but this is certainly a well polished title that is worthy of picking up.
AshHinton	Not Recommended	27.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198044388116/	Edit: a little less scathing - I realise some of my dislike is down to not liking boss-fights.I have exclusively played this using the Steam controller, both on the PC and via Steam Link.I wanted to love this game. Coming from Dontnod - the studio that made my favourite game of all time (Life is Strange) - I had high hopes but the truth is I find Vampyr frustrating and extremely repetitive.Part of the frustration is that if you kill some enemies, walk around the corner and then walk back again those same enemies have returned as if nothing happened. This is very noticeable when crossing district boundaries - there can't be that many strong, able, people to fill the position of deceased enemies and certainly not that quickly. I'm not a great fan of boss-fights, I admit, but this game seems to constantly lead you down a path to the next boss fight. It feels like run around, combat, boss fight, run around, combat, and here we go again: boss fight!One hassle is the in-game map - It's awful. Figuring out where you are and how to get somewhere is difficult which means running into dead ends.I really wanted to sink my teeth (haha!) into this game but it feels disconnected, repetitive and a little bit boring. I think I will be playing in short bursts, I'm certainly not feeling like I could spend hours at a time with it.Note: I did actually try and cheat for a while but realised that wasn't the point. Bad Me. If I am going to play the game I'll do it - frustrations and all - fairly.
Kanelflarn	Not Recommended	1.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kanelflarn/	Interesting plot and characters with potential, but it all is hindered by mechianics that aren't any fun. And I don't mean fun as in laugh out loud. The genre of narrative driven third-person games with story and role playing mechanics is too competitive nowadays to release a game where the fighting is a big part of the game and it simply doesn't feel tight. More of an annoyance between what's the strength of the game -the plot and characters.
Srix	Not Recommended	14.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197975475684/	Combat is extremely challenging not because of the difficulty of the game but because the lock-on mechanic is janky. I quit playing partway through because too many times in combat my lock changed targets to something behind me with only the slightest camera movement. I'm sure you can understand that in Dark Souls-like combat, this is extremely detrimental.Also, perhaps this is just me, but the I found conversations (a major part of the game) to be extremely stilted. Even moreso when you go to a new area and just start randomly asking people what they do in that district and who they are—and they answer you as if this is a normal interaction. I know it's a VIDJA GAME so suspension of realism is to be expected, but in a story-focused game I found that kind of thing throughout the game to be very jarring and immersion-breaking.
R3TR0	Recommended	22.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/dangerdoc/	Initially I was quite skeptical about this game, thinking that it was overly ambitious but boy did it prove me wrong.Vampyr does a lot of things right and reminds me of games like Dishonored, Murdered: Soul Suspect and The Witcher 3 (combat wise) and that's a good thing.I'd say that this game is worth it alone for the story itself and stays fresh till the end unlike some repetitive games *cough* Ubisoft *cough*.The optimisation is on point but the game seems to have an issue with mouse acceleration which causes minor stuttering if you move the camera too fast.However this doesn't mean that the game is without flaws as the level design can get quite irritating and confusing and the combat can get too easy.The boss fights are basically the same since all you have to do is dodge and attack them.But the pros outweight the cons and it's worth picking this game up.
taveras310	Not Recommended	26.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198010377054/	This game just continues to freeze on the loading screen for no reason. I have a 1080 TI and all setting are on low and still have this problem. I emailed support, did what they sent me to do and still the same problem. good game if your willing to wait for it to load for 10 minutes. I just wish they can patch this problem so I can complete the game, until then I’m going to ask steam for a refund. I wish you all luck with this game.
💗Queen Vaxi💗	Not Recommended	10.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/femboyancy/	I'm seriously on the fence with Vampyr. It's not a 'bad!' game, but quite frankly, it's not a 'good' game either, but after thinking long and hard about this, I've decided that I'm leaning more towards 'bad!' than 'good' in this case.At a glance, Vampyr is a game built around the choices you make and the actions you take as you progress through the story, and in that regard, the game's done really well...Because it's really the only thing they put any attention into.In terms of gameplay, it's open-world with a secret 'linear' nature to it; while you can run out and explore the world(which is limited to central early 1900s London), you cannot jump, or explore in any 3 dimensional way. You're glued to the streets, or one or two levels above the streets. The most jumping you'll get is a 'vampire version of the Flash' teleport effect across gaps or up walls to move around.As for combat, it's certainly challenging, but also quite generic. You hit, you dodge, you counter-attack to stun so you can suck on their neck a bit. It's all certainly well made, but I get the feeling it's well made cause it's so incredibly mediocre.The game's store page also promises an air of 'having to drink blood to survive', which gives this cool idea of stalking your prey at night to stay alive so you can return healthy and refreshed to your doctor's office later that night to help others survive the night, which is, to be certain, a super awesome concept that had me sold immediately!...Eeeexcept the game actually has no such mechanic whatsoever! Queue sad trombone.Instead of 'blood' being a sort of hunger gauge that's similar to one from other survival games, but with a vampiric twist, 'blood' is more of a 'magic or mana' gauge, that, when adequately filled, will allow you to use moves in combat that are supernatural, such as doing massive damage with magic Vampire claws, heal yourself with blood magic, freeze their blood in their veins, create blood magic shield bubbles to avoid damage, and other somesuch magical wibbly wobbly things. In all honesty? Incredibly lame nonsense.Is the game fun? Yes, it can be, if you're okay with dropping all of the cool promises the store page gives you and replace them with mediocre platformer elements and magic vampire skill trees.In short, if you're looking for a game with standard combat mechanics and a vampire that can do magic in a game advertised as 'effortlessly coupling reality with myth'? Then you'll love this one. But if you're dead set on getting a great game of cat and mouse chasing as a vampire while wielding the double edged sword of having to go back and save lives at a hospital after your night of blood fueled murder? Then you'll be sorely disappointed with this one.Is the game good enough to have recommended? By all means yes. But I refuse to recommend it since the game's store page is a giant lie, and not at all what the game actually plays as.
AlisterCat	Recommended	46.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/alistercat/	A heavily flawed but intruiging RPG about being a vampire. Clever systems around every NPC being part of a community are mired by sluggish, janky combat. If you want to walk around talking to people and making innuendo about liking blood and being a vampire, I recommend it.
jshiggins77	Not Recommended	274.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198855889692/	Was loving this game with the exception of the 'One Save' feature, which is employed.  The designers say this is necessary to give your choices meaning.  Fine, but there needs to be some failsafe.  In my case, a 'corrupted slot' error occurred.  After a hundred hours of gameplay this means I need to completely start over because I was unable to manually save along the way.I read through help, and found the backup files, only to find that they had overwritten the backup file automatically with the corrupted file.  REALLY?I'm a casual gamer; I'm not sure if I'll start again, or just call it quits on this game entirely.  Will certainly call it quits on any future purchases for anything that uses a 'One Save' methodology. 
Machete	Recommended	44.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/imMachete/	I cant belive im doing this...THIS IS DESPICABLE!10/10
Papa John's	Not Recommended	14.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Keldrics/	Discount witcher 3 in 1918 LondonStory starts out great but after in chapter 4 goes downhill.THE DOOR DOES NOT OPEN FROM THIS SIDE - get rid of this mechanic, please, this isn't god of war or dark souls, he's a vampire, just jump over it or break it.NO FAST TRAVEL! IN 2018! this combined with the locked doors made going around this game an absolute chore.Some ability upgrades are useless, bite damage upgrade for example, you sneak up to someone, bite them and it takes off 15% of their health...wow, you should rip their damn necks off!The "witcher sense/detective vision" should show items aswell.The map apart from the hospital area all looks the same and can get disorienting. Specially when you're trying to find some random npc to deliver a quest or to cure their sniffles or headache. 
TheWizurd {TheMagicShortBus}	Not Recommended	10.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198045080538/	I'm able to handle all enemies with a basic pipe, but the way combat is handled just feels bad. Crafting and economy seems tacked on. You skipping dialogue skips all lines, so even if you read ahead via subtitles you have to listen to them talk. The same 3 lines are repeated every time you eat a rat. Map handles poorly and its way to easy to get lost. I could go on, but i dont want to waste any more time on this game.
Khorzigan	Not Recommended	69.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Khorzigan/	The game has utterly failed to provide what it promised. The first failure is supposed struggle of choice there is no moral struggle about life or death because the game forces you to kill people regardless, I was trying a ' good ' run, I was lower level than most of my opponents , i couldn't take many hits, but i understood the combat mechancis and could get through any combat encounter if i thought ahead a little and managed my ammo well, I fought and killed the second boss, it was a good, challenging boss fight.  then very VERY shortly after i run into the second boss where the difficulty curb shot up so dramatically it was like hitting a wall, the speed and power difference between them was staggeringly insane, I love hard games, i enjoy good hard challenges.  but unless you are EXTREMELY good at combat and are capable of doing every single move with perfect flawless timing, you'll never beat the game.  the only option for people who are mediocre or crap at combat is to eat EVERYONE if they want to progress.  The second failure is that critical dialogue options don't tell you what your choice is in the slightest.  prime example is a character named dorothy crane, i have 3 options, embrace ( obviously eating her ) spare says ' I look away but you resign ' and charm is ' you will forget all about this. ' what do you think those dialogue choices actually do?  the way spare was phrased i thought i was banishing her from the district, turns out, if you select it, you ask her to resign, then immediately offer her a business proposition,  the CHARM made me think i was going to make her forget about the blackmail she was doing, not MIND♥♥♥♥♥♥HER UNTIL SHE BECOMES A VEGETABLE, like, seriously? you literally destroy any shred of the human being that was once within her now empty meat shell, the dialogue options say one thing, but then have you do something COMPLETELY DIFFERENT, if im selecting the mind♥♥♥♥♥♥option, i want it to be clear im about to destroy this persons mind, one of the games selling points is choice, but those choices are utterly meaningless if they're underminded by the simple fact that the dialogue options aren't honest in what they make you do.  if SPARE was labeled ' i have a business proposition' and CHARM said FORGET EVERYTHING in all caps, which is what you scream at her when mind♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥her, i definitely would have a clear understanding of the actions i was presented with,  what i was going to do if each option was selected.  with the dialogue options as unclear as they are in your immediate actions let alone any long term consequences and the saving system as it is, its just not worth it.  if you make a single mistake, or select a dialogue option on accident, you must start the entire game over to correct it, this fact alone is why several people i know refunded the game.  as it is, it's not a good game, i would only reccomend it to people who need to scratch a vampire itch, don't like vampire the masquerade, and have a huuuge masochist streak.
AlisterCat	Recommended	46.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/alistercat/	A heavily flawed but intruiging RPG about being a vampire. Clever systems around every NPC being part of a community are mired by sluggish, janky combat. If you want to walk around talking to people and making innuendo about liking blood and being a vampire, I recommend it.
Machete	Recommended	44.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/imMachete/	I cant belive im doing this...THIS IS DESPICABLE!10/10
Tomato	Recommended	22.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/breow/	I was hesitant on picking this one up, but I am glad I did. Watched some gameplay earlier today and I was really turned off by the animations. It kinda screamed to me bad game but I am so happy I didnt judge this book by its cover and dove right in. Im pretty glued at the moment. The combat feels alot like bloodborne but the game doesn't revolve around it. If you are into games with heavy story and a nice balance of detective work and combat, you will probably really like it.
Codesalf	Recommended	30.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198002738226/	Vampyr is a wonderful little gem that I would recommend to most players. If you are expecting a Witcher 3 level game, you will be disappointed. If you are looking for a solid Vampire-themed RPG however, you will be plesantly surprised. The game looks and runs very good (on a 1080 TI :D), and has some interesting gameplay mechanics that have not been used in other games (at least I don't think). The combat is fun at first but can get really dull, especially if you aren't mixing and matching your moves (which is not recommended anyways as you should prioritize leveling up the moves you already have). I think there is some DLC armor/outfit you can get (I may be wrong), but there is only one outfit in the game so you aren't picking up different pieces of armor. There are a good amount of weapons, but unless you choose to be bad you won't find a ton of variety in them. The story is pretty interesting and the game has some twists and turns that are definitely unexpected. This game is also a choice driven game, and there are different parts in the story that change depending on what choices you have made up until that point. Its nothing major, but its cool seeing dialogue change due to the actions that YOU have done. The music in this game is brilliant but you may have to turn it down as it seems to get really loud for no apparent reason at random times.The game has a fair amount of replay value, as you want to see what choices affect what and how the dialogue changes. However if you really want to see all of that, you can just YouTube it. I have 30 hours into the game and have completed all of the achievements. That being said, I backed up my save file at the last chapter (before the no turning back point/yes there is no free roam after the story) in order to get both the good and bad achievements, so I saved a huge chunk of time.While not perfect, Vampyr is a solid game which I believe deserves at LEAST a high "Mostly Positive" rating on Steam, but it should realistically be a low 80. It has good RPG fundamentals and a story that is intriguing and keeps you hooked. It implements solid gameplay elements not seen in other games, and has a wonderful score to accompany you in your journey. Overall this game is an 8/10 for me. I can't wait for DLC to release so I can get back into the world.
BashFash	Recommended	19.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/bashfash/	Overall this is a really fun game and I hope they get another crack at it with some improvements. Buy this game if you don't really care about repetitive combat and just want to play a decent story driven game.8/10Good stuff:Excellent world building, the world they built is extremely interesting and leaves you wanting to know more.Enviroment design, the enviroment design is really cool.Music, The music score is as close to perfect as possible and matches the scene.The leveling system has a pretty unique dynamic, your basic decision is to either be perpetually four or five levels under leveled mostly getting your xp through fighting bad dudes, healing sick dudes, and playing detective or be super over levelled, but you end up eating everyone and missing out on side quests.The story is pretty good.Medium Stuff:The combat is kinda samey over the long haul, dodge, counter attack, stun/feed if you need blood. Enemy types don't really evolve over the game and enemies become damage sponges as the game progresses rather than being harder encounters.Dialog choices from the protaganist are really just two or three variations on  the same point, but differ in tone. Very meh if you're using the game as a self insert rpg thing instead of like a novel you get to play around in.Equipment isn't really varied, really you are carrying either a sword or a big stick that trades damage for speed and one of either A pistol or shotgun which trades again damage for speed or a stake with drains stamina or a dagger which refunds you blood. On one hand you can probably get away with using any of these, on the other doesn't lead to any hard choices or really any interesting choices.Vamp powers are very meh.The city morale system is very meh and didn't feel like it had any effect either way.Bad Stuff:The " side quests" a lot of the time don't really pay off with a resolution.No fast travel, which while cool for the first few hours learning shortcuts and stuff to get to the other side of the city leads to a lot of tedium in later parts of the game especially when you look at the map and go "I can go this way and use this shortcut.", and you get there and nope you didn't open up that short cut from the other direction, gotta circle all the way back around now. A better option would have been to have locked fast travel until the mid point when reasonably everyone has seen enough of the grimey atmosphere.
Nildur	Recommended	34.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/nildur/	Awesome game, although maybe its combat system could be improved and since repetitive travels between districts are frequent, fast travel would be appreciated. In any case, it has a superb vampire dark history and it reflects an incredible gothic London setting.
ThinKerRaLEX	Recommended	30.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198308699491/	nice game with perfect dark style and attractive story
TheWizurd {TheMagicShortBus}	Not Recommended	10.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198045080538/	I'm able to handle all enemies with a basic pipe, but the way combat is handled just feels bad. Crafting and economy seems tacked on. You skipping dialogue skips all lines, so even if you read ahead via subtitles you have to listen to them talk. The same 3 lines are repeated every time you eat a rat. Map handles poorly and its way to easy to get lost. I could go on, but i dont want to waste any more time on this game.
Khorzigan	Not Recommended	69.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Khorzigan/	The game has utterly failed to provide what it promised. The first failure is supposed struggle of choice there is no moral struggle about life or death because the game forces you to kill people regardless, I was trying a ' good ' run, I was lower level than most of my opponents , i couldn't take many hits, but i understood the combat mechancis and could get through any combat encounter if i thought ahead a little and managed my ammo well, I fought and killed the second boss, it was a good, challenging boss fight.  then very VERY shortly after i run into the second boss where the difficulty curb shot up so dramatically it was like hitting a wall, the speed and power difference between them was staggeringly insane, I love hard games, i enjoy good hard challenges.  but unless you are EXTREMELY good at combat and are capable of doing every single move with perfect flawless timing, you'll never beat the game.  the only option for people who are mediocre or crap at combat is to eat EVERYONE if they want to progress.  The second failure is that critical dialogue options don't tell you what your choice is in the slightest.  prime example is a character named dorothy crane, i have 3 options, embrace ( obviously eating her ) spare says ' I look away but you resign ' and charm is ' you will forget all about this. ' what do you think those dialogue choices actually do?  the way spare was phrased i thought i was banishing her from the district, turns out, if you select it, you ask her to resign, then immediately offer her a business proposition,  the CHARM made me think i was going to make her forget about the blackmail she was doing, not MIND♥♥♥♥♥♥HER UNTIL SHE BECOMES A VEGETABLE, like, seriously? you literally destroy any shred of the human being that was once within her now empty meat shell, the dialogue options say one thing, but then have you do something COMPLETELY DIFFERENT, if im selecting the mind♥♥♥♥♥♥option, i want it to be clear im about to destroy this persons mind, one of the games selling points is choice, but those choices are utterly meaningless if they're underminded by the simple fact that the dialogue options aren't honest in what they make you do.  if SPARE was labeled ' i have a business proposition' and CHARM said FORGET EVERYTHING in all caps, which is what you scream at her when mind♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥her, i definitely would have a clear understanding of the actions i was presented with,  what i was going to do if each option was selected.  with the dialogue options as unclear as they are in your immediate actions let alone any long term consequences and the saving system as it is, its just not worth it.  if you make a single mistake, or select a dialogue option on accident, you must start the entire game over to correct it, this fact alone is why several people i know refunded the game.  as it is, it's not a good game, i would only reccomend it to people who need to scratch a vampire itch, don't like vampire the masquerade, and have a huuuge masochist streak.
AlisterCat	Recommended	46.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/alistercat/	A heavily flawed but intruiging RPG about being a vampire. Clever systems around every NPC being part of a community are mired by sluggish, janky combat. If you want to walk around talking to people and making innuendo about liking blood and being a vampire, I recommend it.
Machete	Recommended	44.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/imMachete/	I cant belive im doing this...THIS IS DESPICABLE!10/10
jshiggins77	Not Recommended	274.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198855889692/	Was loving this game with the exception of the 'One Save' feature, which is employed.  The designers say this is necessary to give your choices meaning.  Fine, but there needs to be some failsafe.  In my case, a 'corrupted slot' error occurred.  After a hundred hours of gameplay this means I need to completely start over because I was unable to manually save along the way.I read through help, and found the backup files, only to find that they had overwritten the backup file automatically with the corrupted file.  REALLY?I'm a casual gamer; I'm not sure if I'll start again, or just call it quits on this game entirely.  Will certainly call it quits on any future purchases for anything that uses a 'One Save' methodology. 
Daddymarkram	Not Recommended	4.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198025679778/	Nice setting, music suits the game well and graphics are pretty good. My only problem with this game is that you are forced to play against mobs who are much higher lvl than you very quickly - if you want to be the good guy. You get xp from drinking the blood of regular citizens, ( they'll die if you do ) but that's not an option if you want to play through the game as the good guy. I did and around lvl 8/9 i was already already running into packs of mobs that were lvl 12-14. It's quite frustrating, even more so given how little xp you actually get from killing them. Quests and bosses yield nice xp, but once again there's the underleveling thing. Combat is ok, though lack of ammunition can also be rather annoying. There is the option to use 2h melee weapons and 2 x 1h though. Overall a decent game, If you wanna be the bad guy and kill every civilian in sight - you should be alright. But really what this game needs is a difficulty slider. I wouldn't get it unless it's on sale.
Libertygeek	Not Recommended	1.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/libertygeek/	I thought I might be able to force myself into liking the game.  I love the setting but the dialog and controls (using XBOX One controller) continued to turn me off.  I thought maybe after taking a break and coming back a day later that my opinions would change, however they did not.   The dialog is annoying, the choices that you make don't feel overly like things that the protaganist would say.  While I don't want to say that the game is horrible.  It certainly isn't what it was billed as I don't believe.  The combat is about on par with ELEX, maybe a little worse over all.   The graphics are what to be expected from a none triple AAA game, nothing horrible, just nothing pretty either.   I waited so long for the game yet feel so let down by the end result and it is a shame as once again I love the setting and love the idea of big choices however it feels so weighed down that it just isn't fun for me.  Others may feel completely different. I think this is one of those polarizing games that you either will love or hate or at least fight hard to find a middle spot.  I unfortunely couldn't find that middle spot to at least feel content with my purchase.Technical wise I didn't have any crashes during my game time, just bad controller response and studdering which made the very awkward fighting even more so.
Croft	Recommended	12.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/JustinW101/	Only about two hours in and I'll keep updating the review as I go on:Graphics: 7/10, the effects are sharp and well defined, and the animation is superb, faces can look sculpted and odd at times however.Gameplay: The combat is fluid and responsive, though the camera takes a while to get used to.Story: So far I am intrigued, and I'm not usually one for horror titles nor RPGs outside of the Dragon Age series.Buy it, wait for sale, rent, never touch?Buy it if you're interested in both the Vampyric lore and surrounding story and the victorian era. Wait for a sale if you just want a decent action RPG.
Scary Terry	Recommended	34.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198149232446/	the only issue i have with the game is that it's not formatted well for 3440:1440, 21:9 mintors, and it doesn't run terribly well on a gtx 1080 and intel core i7 with 16gb of ram, which is pretty much more than double the recommended hardware. apart from all that, it's a fun game and i would recommend
killerSNOWDROP	Not Recommended	5.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198069808195/	i keep trying this game again and againbecause something about it calls to me.... but the gameplay,specifically anything faster than a walk is so horribly awkward and just not ever smooth, awkward corners, overly simple, highly limited and SLOW fight mechanics  and the wierd look of the main character's "running" especially once he has new clothes? ok maybe it's me (it likely is) but when he runs it's like he's saying silently  "look at me im jogging but not messing up my hair or clothes as my scarf flows behind me, are you looking people, watch me goooooo.... so incredibly sloooooooow! "again it's probably me, i just read a book on cheesy 70s advertising & that likely doesn't make sense either but....  & i get he is a new vampire so maybe he is unaccustomed to a few things with his new body and powers but his movements cripple the game for me, i honestly kept blaming my sytem but i can run all of my games in 1440 like Dishonored 2 and Witcher 3 at a butter smooth 90 fps and i feel like w such a small environment (because this game is about as open world as a koi pond) it should run smoother, it isnt as if it is being bogged down by complicated mechanics, im determined to finish it at some point because there is something i truly like about this game, but getting stuck in a corner w a bad camera angle,   getting killed by some monster that i can't even get a good look at simply... pardon the very bad pun.. sucks.  
killerSNOWDROP	Not Recommended	5.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198069808195/	i keep trying this game again and againbecause something about it calls to me.... but the gameplay,specifically anything faster than a walk is so horribly awkward and just not ever smooth, awkward corners, overly simple, highly limited and SLOW fight mechanics  and the wierd look of the main character's "running" especially once he has new clothes? ok maybe it's me (it likely is) but when he runs it's like he's saying silently  "look at me im jogging but not messing up my hair or clothes as my scarf flows behind me, are you looking people, watch me goooooo.... so incredibly sloooooooow! "again it's probably me, i just read a book on cheesy 70s advertising & that likely doesn't make sense either but....  & i get he is a new vampire so maybe he is unaccustomed to a few things with his new body and powers but his movements cripple the game for me, i honestly kept blaming my sytem but i can run all of my games in 1440 like Dishonored 2 and Witcher 3 at a butter smooth 90 fps and i feel like w such a small environment (because this game is about as open world as a koi pond) it should run smoother, it isnt as if it is being bogged down by complicated mechanics, im determined to finish it at some point because there is something i truly like about this game, but getting stuck in a corner w a bad camera angle,   getting killed by some monster that i can't even get a good look at simply... pardon the very bad pun.. sucks.  
Daddymarkram	Not Recommended	4.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198025679778/	Nice setting, music suits the game well and graphics are pretty good. My only problem with this game is that you are forced to play against mobs who are much higher lvl than you very quickly - if you want to be the good guy. You get xp from drinking the blood of regular citizens, ( they'll die if you do ) but that's not an option if you want to play through the game as the good guy. I did and around lvl 8/9 i was already already running into packs of mobs that were lvl 12-14. It's quite frustrating, even more so given how little xp you actually get from killing them. Quests and bosses yield nice xp, but once again there's the underleveling thing. Combat is ok, though lack of ammunition can also be rather annoying. There is the option to use 2h melee weapons and 2 x 1h though. Overall a decent game, If you wanna be the bad guy and kill every civilian in sight - you should be alright. But really what this game needs is a difficulty slider. I wouldn't get it unless it's on sale.
Libertygeek	Not Recommended	1.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/libertygeek/	I thought I might be able to force myself into liking the game.  I love the setting but the dialog and controls (using XBOX One controller) continued to turn me off.  I thought maybe after taking a break and coming back a day later that my opinions would change, however they did not.   The dialog is annoying, the choices that you make don't feel overly like things that the protaganist would say.  While I don't want to say that the game is horrible.  It certainly isn't what it was billed as I don't believe.  The combat is about on par with ELEX, maybe a little worse over all.   The graphics are what to be expected from a none triple AAA game, nothing horrible, just nothing pretty either.   I waited so long for the game yet feel so let down by the end result and it is a shame as once again I love the setting and love the idea of big choices however it feels so weighed down that it just isn't fun for me.  Others may feel completely different. I think this is one of those polarizing games that you either will love or hate or at least fight hard to find a middle spot.  I unfortunely couldn't find that middle spot to at least feel content with my purchase.Technical wise I didn't have any crashes during my game time, just bad controller response and studdering which made the very awkward fighting even more so.
jshiggins77	Not Recommended	274.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198855889692/	Was loving this game with the exception of the 'One Save' feature, which is employed.  The designers say this is necessary to give your choices meaning.  Fine, but there needs to be some failsafe.  In my case, a 'corrupted slot' error occurred.  After a hundred hours of gameplay this means I need to completely start over because I was unable to manually save along the way.I read through help, and found the backup files, only to find that they had overwritten the backup file automatically with the corrupted file.  REALLY?I'm a casual gamer; I'm not sure if I'll start again, or just call it quits on this game entirely.  Will certainly call it quits on any future purchases for anything that uses a 'One Save' methodology. 
AlisterCat	Recommended	46.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/alistercat/	A heavily flawed but intruiging RPG about being a vampire. Clever systems around every NPC being part of a community are mired by sluggish, janky combat. If you want to walk around talking to people and making innuendo about liking blood and being a vampire, I recommend it.
Croft	Recommended	12.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/JustinW101/	Only about two hours in and I'll keep updating the review as I go on:Graphics: 7/10, the effects are sharp and well defined, and the animation is superb, faces can look sculpted and odd at times however.Gameplay: The combat is fluid and responsive, though the camera takes a while to get used to.Story: So far I am intrigued, and I'm not usually one for horror titles nor RPGs outside of the Dragon Age series.Buy it, wait for sale, rent, never touch?Buy it if you're interested in both the Vampyric lore and surrounding story and the victorian era. Wait for a sale if you just want a decent action RPG.
TheYoungHylianLad	Not Recommended	2.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TheYoungHylianLad/	Early impressions:A bit dissapointing so far. While soundtrack is amazing and story is...somewhat interesting so far...graphics and animations seem very dated. Environments are cool but slightly generic. Even with the skills I've attained combat is pretty bland and is already a bit repetitive.Couple fixable issues:While the map is open if you point your mouse to the top toolbar and hover over the options it will still scroll the map updwards. Also skipping a single dialogue line will skip the character's entire conversation, there should be an option of just skipping the line since you may have read it quicker than the character speaks it.
SamcoSVK	Recommended	19.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/-SVK-Samco005/	This game is a total gem for those looking for a greatly written action adventure with RPG elements in one of the best settings possible - epidemic ridden London, while playing as a newborn Vampire who is solving mysteries behind said epidemic and many moral dilemmas. Your choices REALLY do matter in this game, so be careful. It is not perfect of course, as it can be a bit clunky sometimes and it's not so well optimized for 10xx nvidia cards, with quite a lot stuttering on my rig (GTX 1060 6GB, i5 4460, 16 GB RAM). This howewer did not cause me to not enjoy this game and I sure will finish it atleast one more time in a close future. But devs should patch these problems ASAP nonetheless. Also a great plus for me is, that devs actually included cheats in this game, for experimentation in your multiple playthroughs. Yes, you read it right - actuall cheats and not some stupid paid DLC containing cheats...EDIT: they've removed the cheat, but added easier difficulty instead
kabbi	Not Recommended	22.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197967421109/	Was fun for the first 15 hours or so then I found myself just trying to squeeze every last bit of interest I had out of this one.  The story just isn't really that interesting to me, the combat gets really repetative with immersion breaking respawns. The game seems like it was understaffed for the scope of what they wanted to do. The main character having over-the-top bloodshot eyes really made dialogue just unbelieveable. Game feels really rushed. Was very disappoiinting. I wish they had the same graphics with an entirely different game and less of a pompously ridiculous plot. Needs less irony and more RPG/enjoyable game where you're making decisions  that affect the plot and not just who you're going to eat next. i found the abilities to be very bland as well and had really little affect on the feel of the game. Mostly you just run around killing respawns and listening to dialogue that really has no affect on the future of the story. I may be missing something... I'll probably try it out more at some point just wish the game had more grip  to it. At least i got it on sale!
DemunGod	Recommended	38.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198014850745/	Finally after a few weeks of playing an hour here and there due to work I finally beat it and can give feedback.  I must say this game is a hidden gem IMO.  This game has a lot of dialogue but also has a lot of fighting if you chose.    I wont give you a plot because you can read it in the game description but I will give some of the games features.  The map isnt huge but it is decently sized with different sections that have different people.  What makes this game is all the different people in sections that you have conversations with and everyone has a different story, some sad and some bad.  With that being said each person you talk to has a side mission you can do.  To level up to the fullest and the quickest you have to feed on civilians, which ends up killing them and some give you good weapons ect. but what makes this game a beauty is making the hard deicisions whether to kill or not to kill civs. It made me undecisive so many times and almost all the decisions you make have consequences.  I basically just fed on the people I thought were the worst lol.  Along with that is a skill tree, the skill tree is very well done.  You use the xp you get from doing missions or feed on civs to level up your stamina,health,specials ect.  The game has quite a few different weapons from single handed to 2 handed along with guns.  The weapons you have to find parts around the world or purchase them from merchants to level them up.  Each district has its level of status, and that is how healthy the civs are and how many you have killed.  If you let the status go to hostile it kills all the people in that district and turns them into enemies.  So just go around and cure people with medicine every chance you get.  There is different enemies that have different moves, some easy and some strong along with bosses from each chapter.  The only thing I wasnt satisfied by the game was the ending of the story and to be honest this game has a very well written story except for the ending.  I like how King Aurthur, William Marshall, and kings like Richard the Lionheart was invovled in the story.  Definitely try this game out, there is none like it.  Hopefully they make a sequel to this as i enjoyed it very much.  Very well done devs :).
BlueDreams	Recommended	22.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/BluntsForBreakfast/	First, do no harm.Vampyr is one of the most enjoyable RPG games I've played in a while.  I love the dark London streets setting, the Vampire/Doctor internal conflict feels fresh and interesting, and the game looks great running at 60fps at Ultra settings with very few dips below 50.Vampyr's progression system is incredible, by linking the XP boost you gain from sucking a citizen's blood to how much you learn about the NPC.  This system makes the time you've put into that particular citizen feel worth-while and interesting, rather than feeling mundane.  This system is tied into one of the more interesting parts of Vampyr, you can choose to eat almost any named citizen in the game for an XP boost (or not to).  During my playthrough of Vampyr  I did not eat any NPCs, which kept me roughly 5-8 levels below the bosses and roughly a level under your more common enemies which made the every encounter feel "dangerous," for my efforts I was awarded the rare "Not Even Once" achievement but the real reward was the sense of danger that came with the added difficulty and feeling like I could be killed in every encounter.Vampyr is not without it's faults however as the game can be held back by a less than perfect combat system that occasionally produces awkward, clunky or just downright glitchy combat.  In addition the game's incredibly slow and giant dialogue system can start to feel like a slow burn that becomes more and more annoying until you find yourself skipping over huge segments of dialogue entirely.  Not that it matters as most of the decisions you make in Vampyr won't affect the games outcome, or future decisions.
Orge Lambart	Recommended	3.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/orgelambart/	My review will get updated as I play the game..Having played the game for about 2 hours now, I'm not fully qualified to give a review one way or the other, but my enjoyment of the game and the story thus far has caused me to wade into the pool and give my review..  I'll start off by saying at the moment I highly recommend this game.. It's a story driven game, with lots of characters and lots of dialog, if  you're the ham bros, fist pumping COD pew pew pew types, you'll likely want to avoid this game as it requires lots of talking, and conversation choices..  The conversation reminded me of Mass Effect,, only not quite as good..  Although it's good enough for what this game is.. You have numerous mysterious to solve, and twist and turns on each character you meets story..  It's like a bunch of mini stories all rolled up into one big story. The combat sucks,, no way to really get around that, the combat is like a mix of button mashing, stamina using, let me swing away, stun this person, take bullets like it's going out of style superman vampire.. Considering how much conversation and dialog went into the game, the shoddy combat can probably be forgiven, although as I said above, the pew pew pew, fist pump crowd will likely get bored after a couple of minutes, and go fire up mindless games like COD, or battlefield or generic PVP game numer 35.. For 50 dollars this game seems very worth it to me at the moment.. While many people will head into the game expecting Dark Souls, or some other game with difficult combat and no storyline, this one isn't that the combat isn't particularly difficult, and if you enjoy story driven games, you'll enjoy this one..As someone who paid full price for my game.. ok well I got like 6 buck discount, thank you for the discount developers prior to the games release,, I'm totally happy with my purchase thus far.. As long as the stories stay tight, I think this will be a really awesome game.
Siggles	Recommended	31.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198106650031/	He protecc,He attacc,But most importantly,He s u c c
Roanoke	Recommended	50.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Rai_Hikari/	Tl;Dr It's a good game. I don't care about price that much though. There is some jank. Anyone pretending the combat in this game is any jankier than witcher 3's is out of their mind. If I did care about price I'd buy it at 40 rather than 60. I think reviews are especially critical story/scope because there really hasn't been any vampire games in the last 5+ years, so they project all their vampire game expectations on this one. A lot of people want vampire the masquerade 2. This isn't that, and it never claimed to be that. What you can expect:Expect to make zero choices until the end of the prologue/tutorial. It is not a short prologue and may last longer than 2 hours if you dilly dally. Expect to be placed in a kill or be killed situation, particularly with vampire hunters. This means killing is unavoidable. That or either abandoning your quest, or taking the game over as your end game. There is a stealth ability, but it's acquired late in the game, but even with that you will be forced to take lives. Past the prologue you will not be forced to feed, however, as far as I've seen. There are more weapon types in the game than just a sword and gun. How many I don't know, but that's something I didn't expect. To experience the dillema Dr. Reid faces as he's forcably turned into a vampire. The nature of combat is less that the combat is gonna scratch the dark souls itch, but that it's a mechanism to make you feel the reward and urge of succumbing and reaping the EZ experience from feeding. If you feed all the time you will be overpowered. If you don't feed you'll be underpowered. This is intentional.You gain very little experience out of feeding, so combat is much much more difficult on a no feed run. Which helps you sorta feel the need to acquire more power, which is a good parallel to Reid's thirst, something generally hard to communicate in vampire games. Dialogue is not some industry pusher. It's very standard, although there are some gems. Better than mass effect 1 dialogue, or any dialogue from most of the usual triple A flag bearers like Assassin's Creed. Bit melodramatic, but not every game needs to invest 50% of it's dialogue in being tongue in cheek to satisfy cynics. It's a dramatic vampire story. It isn't twilight, but yeah. NPC's are all interconnected and it's easy to tell a lot of effort was put into it. It feels like a lot of NPCs are carrying keys to puzzles. A little immersion breaking that you know how many keys (hints) they carry, though, but it would be really easy to screw yourself over in a bunch of quests without knowing how many tbh. I'd love an expert mode playthrough where you can hide them, for second playthroughs. The game's save system is overly aggressive. It does not allow you to choose when you save, because they want you to live with your decisions. Suffers from the same issue Kingdom Come Deliverance had on release: No save on exit. Expect that to be amended, and probably for someone to make a save mod. For now though, it's pretty frustrating because the game does have the common issue with voiced dialogue options being vague in the menu. I disagree with this save philosophy because what it comes down to is the developers not trusting players to not save scum, and impeding on quality of life to discourage it.
Ethannex1	Not Recommended	35.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198130823711/	Pros: -The Setting of 1918 London-Main Character is great-One of the few Vampire games Cons:-$50 Price-Combat -Terrible Semi Open World with confusing directions-Boring Dialouge -A romance that feels very much forced. -Graphics (Running everything on Ultra, and yet some of the characters face and clothes textures don't pop in and sometimes I'd see enemies appear out of thin air while I was running around)I love the setting of Vampyr, but the gameplay is meh, and the dialouge can get extremely boring.  This Defenitely isn't worth $50.  I'd say $20 or less would make this game worth it.As a huge Bioware fan I wouldn't recommend this game.  The dialouge just feels too much like a chore to get through.  I also ran into quite bit of glitches and 2 crashes.
Mackie	Not Recommended	40.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Mackie40k/	I'm a completionist, I like to get the best endings and I was really looking forward to this game...I still think this game is really good in so many ways, but the one auto save slot and the unclear cause and effect choises really ruined it for me...   I hate that this game just took 15 hours of my life, and I have to start all over again if I want to get my good ending.
ღ hug mincome	Not Recommended	3.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198043517958/	I can't get into it; it's railroady, the combat system is a bit like fighting a whale by swinging another whale; there's some open world feel but no actual open world success in going anywhere because of the aforesaid issue; the stealth system is frustrating and unrewarding, even compared to some of the tooth-grinding irritation that goes into stealth sections.I tried to give it time for me to get into it, but all that did was end up putting me past the point where I could refund it.
cyrustheviruz1	Recommended	49.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/cyrustheviruz1/	So I'm currently playing this now.. .really awesome, but of course, here we go again with a great game getting a mixed rating on steam because of trivial crap... 'seems like a console port' ... geez man I really wish people would stop looking at the little stuff and see the overall picture. So far I'm way wrapped into the story, the graphics are amazing, atmosphere is really like it's a vampire movie set in the WW1 ear, the voice acting is great, controls work decently... so I'm trying to figure out the negative here... as long as the story keeps me in and the game lasts at least 20 more hours, I'm going to rate it as excellent and EXACTLY what I was hoping for out of it. Please, for the love of god, the winers who only play a game 0.3 hours then give it a negative rating over a screen aspect ratio support, just go away! I'll admit Agony has a few problems, yet I still considered it a decent game, but this far surpasses it so far as quality.. guess I'm shocked to a 65% rating, WTF.. hopefully it goes up. Awesome job game creators, I love it, please make more games like it! :)As I've gotten more into it, it seems like a mystery/horror, vampire themed RPG, which is good, I'm a fan of doing missions, seeking out clues and searching for various items, etc. etc. I really do apologize if I offended anyone on here with my earlier rant, but it's true, I'll get a brand new game like this, love it, then check back a few hours later to see what the reviews are like and it just makes me so mad, why are so many people so picky about everything? it kills me. Even my little step son was sitting here glued to the tv watching me play it wondering what was going to happen next, In short, after all of my random rambling, This is a great game. If you like The Evil Within, Dishonored, and you're a fan of mysteries and RPG's, get it, I promise you will like it, don't let a mixed review by a bunch of picky♥♥♥♥♥geeks scare you away.
Lioncash	Not Recommended	2.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/lioncashxgaming/	I expected more. Its just become something that sits in my steam library doing nothing. The characters aren't immersive, they don't offer me anything I would deem as curiosity. Games like this should speak to the player. Witcher 3 does a better job at vampires than this by a long stretch and the game isn't even about vampires. If you're interested in playing an immersive, open world vampire game, Witcher 3's Blood and Wine DLC does exactly that. If you want something lackluster and frankly quite boring, buy this.
twitch_OnepegMG	Not Recommended	4.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/onepegmg/	Vampyr caters to an audience with an aquired taste... a taste that I have not aquired yet.This is one of the only steam reviews for any game that I've ever written.  The elements that are good:1) Combat fluidity seems to be on par with other games of the genre, albeit watered down quite a bit2) The environment is well-made and fits the time period of the over-arching lore.3) The IDEA behind this game of a constantly evolving city and that *every* character in the game can be either saved or killed and that you can CULTIVATE and grow these people to a greater-sustaining meal of experience is SO, SO cool.The elements that are not-so-good:1) The storyline(s) themselves are extremely slow to progress, dialogue options are unskippable if you use a controller unless you swap back and forth between the controller and a left mouse click to bypass them.2) Dialogue is more than half of the gameplay time spent navigating menus, talking to people (sometimes repeatedly to get all of the different responses/clues that you need for other NPCs), and talking to even more people3) The lack of the ability to jump is incredibly troubling.  This is 2018, guys.  You couldn't code the ability to make your character jump at all?4) The "shadowstep" style of movement from point > fixed point seems cool at first, until you realize that the only way to get to higher ledges, get past chairs, step over extremely small obstacles, or even so much as hop a fence cannot be done unless you have one of these points to snap to.  This makes me reach the conclusion that the level design itself could've been much better and/or the leading of the character down a certain path could've been scripted in a more intuitive way rather than brute forcing someone to be corralled due to the lack of a jumping mechanic.5) Combat scenarios are incredibly easy to get through.  The game states that it intends to be a dynamic combat system that becomes more difficult as you play it.  However, in the earlier hours of the game, the fights seem to drag on a bit solely due to the immense HP pools of the bosses, not because of the fear of dying yourself or having to play very skillfully at all, for that matter.6) Voice acting is great for some characters and absolutely horrendous for others.  Some of the accents that some of the voice actors used in this game are laughably bad, and really shouldn't have ever been included in the title or at least had them re-work their lines so they sounded more realistic.I anticipated a game that was akin to the Dark Souls genre - one that would be tedious to beat, that would punish you for making poor movement/reaction choices, and feel extremely rewarding once you've mastered the "art" of combat.  This concept mixed with a very "Dark Souls 1" feel where you can permanently altar the state of the game environment based on your choices/decisions in a very direct way, blew my gaming mind.  Instead, this game presents itself as a watered down "whodunit" mixed with watered down combat systems similar to souls, but falling short in both aspects.This is the first steam game in 14 years I've ever requested a refund of.  I feel that it was marketed to audiences that were led to believe the game was more "action" than "investigation" and it turned out to be quite the opposite.  For these reasons, I cannot recommend this game for purchase.
Setorrs The Lollygagger	Recommended	33.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198072094217/	What is life but death pending?Awesome game. I was looking for a vampire game to quench my thirst. I had it's flaws, but it came through with some nice story telling , good characters, interesting combat and the districts mechanic with eating/saving the population. All and all, can't wait for another Vampyr game where i hope they do something about some of the curent bugs and maybe implement a better traveling system.Worth a buy on full price. A must buy on sale.
Bill Ding	Recommended	45.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/rragh001/	This game checks all my RPG boxes.You can literally talk to every NPC in full cutscene conversation with branching dialogues and special priviledged dialogue choices (if you've gathered hints about them).Questing is awesome.Combat is sweet.Gameplay is fluid.Game is high quality.Single player games live on.
Ben	Not Recommended	1.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197998007321/	Tested it for almost 2 hours. Looked forward to this for 2 years. And I figured, no matter the clunky animation and movement ( and it IS clunky... ) , no matter the potentially dated graphics, no matter anything... at least itll be a vampire game with a solid story and fun bloody combat. But I was wrong. The story I like. The visuals I like. The darkness I like. The abilities, I like. But the combat system is so ♥♥♥♥ing unbelivably atrocious and after 2 hours of testing almost I've had enough.I dont want to fight at all. But the game doesn't have a ♥♥♥♥ing stealth system either so I can't god damn avoid anything. PLUS it has  mandatory boss fights. And if you dont wanna drink blood to get stronger, enemies will get stronger anyway as the game progresses and if you detest the combat you'll end up in a ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥of tanky, clunky horribly generic feeling Left click spam and dodge. The whole ♥♥♥♥ing game. I love everything this game tries to do... EXCEPT the combat. And because the combat plays a big part its gonna ruin my ♥♥♥♥ing expeirence. The devs said you can play this game without killing. Pacifist alike Dishonored. THAT IS A ♥♥♥♥ING LIE. You can avoid killing civillians YES. But vampires? Hunters? Bosses? Nope. You are forced into combat with them and its a ♥♥♥♥ing meh experience every time. Look. I can understand many love this game. Many defend it. Many appreciate the concept. And you guys, I agree. I love everything about this.... until I get dropped into this ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥how. Now. Lets narrow it down. Why am I not recommending this? Because of 4 big things: Nr 1: Forced bad combat.Nr 2: The combat is bad because we cannot ♥♥♥♥ing block, we cannot ♥♥♥♥ing ripose / counter attack. We cannot use stealth to 1 shot enemies from behind ( as far as I've seen. But if I require some sorta invisibility spell you unlock later to do a ♥♥♥♥ing stealth kill you can ♥♥♥♥ off. I stood behind a dude holding a machete. It gave me 1 option = Stun and bite. No insta kill. WTF?! Nr 3: Its so damn repetative. Left click spam all day or right click to stun and bite / heal. Either that... or use vampiric powers to deal more damage. And honestly... I could get over this if not for... Nr 4: Why the ♥♥♥♥...is there no depth to the gore system in combat? I hit people. I shoot them. I slash them. I bite them. I brutalize them with vampire strength and claws.... AND NOTHING HAPPENS?! WTF DONTNOD?! ..... I look at the streets and warehouses and I see impaled corpses, guts, bones, severed limbs, impaled naked bodies, skulls, torsos... BUT ONCE COMBAT BEGINS... NOTHING HAPPENS: You can't do a ♥♥♥♥ing thing. NPC's in combat dont take wound damage. No visible scarring, no visible blood spatter at all. Only on the floor. -_- 100 % Clean and intact NO MATTER IF YOU CUT THEM 500 TIMES. This is so damn anti-climactic and immersion breaking. And again... if Combat was removed in the game I wouldn't have given a ♥♥♥♥. But because DontNod made combat SUCH A BIG DEAl... and made an entire talent system around it... you'd expect the combat to be good. Have depth. It doesn't. Its left click spam, or right clcik spam to stun, bite and get blood charged to use powers.Thats it. No gore, no spatter that remains on enemies. No scars, no wounds, not even ♥♥♥♥ing bitemarks.Elaboration = Once you kill a person in a cinematic way you see them bleed, you see bite marks, you see Jonathan have blood in his mouth and on his lips. But this NEVER TRIGGERS during combat. EVER. The combat is so ♥♥♥♥ing dumbed down. Its so weak and so boring.And when you're put into combat scenarios so ♥♥♥♥ing much it becomes  boring chore. Absolutely lame and ruins the whole experience of what could've been a really really good game. And to you fans... Ill say this, IT IS A GOOD GAME. Beneath... the combat. But as long as this ♥♥♥♥ing atrocious combat and lacking graphical fidelity tied to combat damage is missing... its a ♥♥♥♥ing horrible experience to play. I only know I pushed for 90 minutes... kept trying to get over it. But once I fought 20 ♥♥♥♥ing skals and 2 bosses I had enough. I dont wanna spend ♥♥♥♥ing 30 hours doing this.  Feeling this way. DontNod. This is very disappointing. And whats even more weird is the fact that you wont even reply on your official forums about these questions when called out for this. You get 2-3 posts per DAY on the general discussion forums but you refuse to answer ♥♥♥♥ing anything. Very dissapointing. I was so happy and excited to hear the Remember Me dev making a vampire game. But this is a slap to the ♥♥♥♥ing face. To people wanting a good, fun vampire game. Go play Vampire THe Masquerade Bloodlines. Its superior in everyway. Even in its buggy state and in need for unofficial patching. That game is almost 20 ♥♥♥♥ing years old and it has a stealth ssystem, biting that can actually kill, lots of spells, lots of RPG mechanics, superb story, and actual ♥♥♥♥ing dismemberment and body gore that reaches brutality levels when you fight ( tremere style) DontNod... I'm just gonna be honest. Your combat system isn't bad. Its downright ♥♥♥♥ing pathetically awful. Its embarassingly atrocious. And for 2018 POST witcher 3 ( and ♥♥♥♥ing hell...even WITCHER 1 2007 could do all these things and more) giving us this... demanding almost full price and not give a single ♥♥♥♥ about your combat system thats downright shameful. This game should've never had a combat system. Because obviously you weren't up to the task. had this released with just walking, talking, feeding, exploring moral choices it would've been a FAR better experience and I would've actually happily bought, kept and played it. But this total disregard for combat is forcing me to demand a refund. And I will ♥♥♥♥ing hate you for that until you redeem yourself either with a gore DLC ( which I'd ♥♥♥♥ing gladly pay for because thats how much I like the rest of your game... )  or patch. ANYTHING to spice up this disaster you call a combat system. If you dont care about what I listed, maybe you'll enjoy it a lot. Many people do. More power to you people. But if you want what I wanted... go play VTMB instead. Mod the ♥♥♥♥ out of it and have a blast. I'll end on this: Who the ♥♥♥♥ makes a vampire game with high emphasis on combat and doesn't put in Wounds, Scars, dismemberment, ripping, tearing and more in terms of graphical features. I saw the red flags years ago but figured it was early alpha. But no... "slow claps" . . . . .. . . . . . ..,/. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ”:,. . . . . . . .. .,?. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .\,. . . . . . . . . /. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ,}. . . . . . . . ./. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ,:`^`.}. . . . . . . ./. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ,:”. . . ./. . . . . . .?. . . __. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . :`. . . ./. . . . . . . /__.(. . .“~-,_. . . . . . . . . . . . . . ,:`. . . .. ./. . . . . . /(_. . ”~,_. . . ..“~,_. . . . . . . . . .,:`. . . . _/. . . .. .{.._$;_. . .”=,_. . . .“-,_. . . ,.-~-,}, .~”; /. .. .}. . .. . .((. . .*~_. . . .”=-._. . .“;,,./`. . /” . . . ./. .. ../. . . .. . .\`~,. . ..“~.,. . . . . . . . . ..`. . .}. . . . . . ../. . . . . .(. ..`=-,,. . . .`. . . . . . . . . . . ..(. . . ;_,,-”. . . . . ../.`~,. . ..`-.. . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..\. . /\. . . . . . \`~.*-,. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..|,./.....\,__P/S for the toxic, insecure fanboys, if you dont like negative reviews, DONT READ THEM. Simple as that. But you aren't censoring me no matter how mad you are.Update: Months have passed. DontNod have refused to comment on the lack of gore, nor any plans on Gore DLC / Implementation. THey've been dead silent. Their forums are completely dead and mods got nada to do. Yet they still wont reply to threads on this matter after WEEKS of being Nr 1 in line. Its absolutely ♥♥♥♥ing pathetic.
rogermorse	Not Recommended	22.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/rogermorse/	Nope, didn't manage to finish this. Main reasons: dialogues incredibly dull, backtracking, combat. The combat itself wouldn't be too bad but is not very challenging. Also the game design has a big flaw, and is the management of skills and XP points depending on whether you choose to be a 'bad' vampire or not. Killing citizens overpowers you, which is actually the point of being a vampire if you ask me (a vampire must be powerful). If you choose to behave, not only you don't level up but because of that, all fights will be a rinse and repeat of the only attacks / powers you can use. I think they should have rewarded both choice one way or another, because one of the two choices completely ruins the game, which would anyways be a game easily forgettable. If you have lots of games to play and don't have time, give priority to other ones.
Wicked	Recommended	19.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/FireStormFTW/	let me start off by saying this game is not for everyone. The game is about 60% dialogue, 20% exploration, 20% combat. Fortunatly the dialogue is interesting enough to grab your attention early game but towards end game the 60/20/20 combo soon gets old and i found my self skipping whole zones of dialogue and just rushing towards the main mission. The story is unique and interesting but it just seems that it wasnt taken anywhere overly meaningfull, the combat while difficult at the beginging transisions to smooth and balanced mid to late game. I dont think there is enough impact put on embracing (killing) NPC's, i was able to complete the game with relative ease without ever having to resort to killing NPC's. All in all i think that it it a pretty cool game with a unique concept and it is defenetly worth a buy for those that dont mind heavy dialogue games
zuppaclub	Recommended	18.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/bori151/	7 hours gameplay..... so far so good, until.....WRONG dialogue choice -> 1 char died -> area drop from stable to serious.....welp, I hate to restart.... but I must restart :(good job dontnod, I think I will spend 100 hours+ for this game if I keep screws things up and restart again and again and again until I satisfied.great game, but little bit bad framerate performance, not stable. 
KyrenCross	Not Recommended	1.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/KyrenCross/	This game has so much potential and I would have loved it But...The devs and their play testers did not even finish this game using a Mouse and Keyboard.If you are a legit PC gamer that only plays with a Mouse and Keyboard then you will have a Bad Time with this game.First there is no  option to PAN your camera in conversation so you mostly get the side or back of the head of NPCs when talking to them, breaks the immersion completely. (On the controller you just have to use your stick to pan out of those)Second is the Switch target is non existent when auto locking. This is quite important as doing it manually is not that great as you have no control on who to attack. so Switching to a ranged enemy, shooting him and going back to the melee ones is not an easy method on KB&Mouse, that is only a controller luxury.Third is the Keybinds, they are so questionable as the default walk is the Q button, now pair that with the WASD to walk and youll see how anyone can manage that on KB&Mouse. There is also no toggle to walk which would have been acceptable.          The special power button is also bound to "5" which in the middle of combat would be super annoying. Also changing ranged weapons is non existent or hard to pull off as I have no idea how to even do that. Yes you can rebind them, but the point is that the default they have chosen clearly proves their ignorance what the correct/acceptable binds are on a KB&Mouse. There are lots of binds that ore off place that you would probably take a long time rebinding actions to their proper places.Fourth is the horrible mouse smoothing, It should always have a toggle in the options but you have to go to the .ini files to even change it."Add bEnableMouseSmoothing=false to %localappdata%\AVGame\Saved\Config\WindowsNoEditor\GameUserSettings.ini"My fifth Gripe is the combat aesthetics to improve immersion, specially on a Vampire game. There is no blood spatter or even gore/dismemberment in combat. I love those in games and adds a lot in making the combat solid and just pure awesome. Just look at Witcher 3, Warhammer Vermintide 2 and Dying Light, best combat ever if you can see feedback of your attacks visually, thats the secret to an amazing combat system which a lot of game developers seem to not get.This complaints seem to be minimal to some, specially for controller users, but on players who purely plays on a keyboard and mouse, this is a horrifying experience. It all adds up and makes the game feel more annoying than fun.I would have enjoyed this game like ACG did but ACG is a pure controller gamer too so he did not encounter this annoyances and will probably address them and not recommend the game to KB&Mouse players.If you have no issues using a controller, then this game would probably be a good fix for your Vampire gaming needs. But if you are a pure Mouse and Keyboard player, then STAY AWAY from this game as it will just hinder your experience and overall FUN FACTOR of the game.I would gladly give this a positive review if they patched this issues ASAP, But I doubt they really care for PC gamers that much as they would have properly tested their game to work for the main peripheral PC gamers use to begin with.Shame! such a Shame!
Lamsey	Not Recommended	9.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198150094219/	Great concept. Mediocre execution. Wait for sale. Terrible combat system. Pretty linear game, not really open world. Limited customization.
[F]ocu[S]	Not Recommended	17.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198104413177/	lots of talking, less action, fighting mechanic is a bid crap, short story: i decided to embrace all the people in hospital, it made the hospital to close down, yet u still can find sick people sleeping inside the hospital. YES its not a big deal, but the details is not impressing. Its like uncomplete game tbh imo
Morbolis	Not Recommended	24.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198237703856/	Pro's:ConceptVoice Acting is half decent Cons: Concept not executed well as dialogue makes a majority of the gameplay.  That said you exhaust every conversation option until you are faced with one of three unretractable consequence changing dialogue options,  Even if dialogue options express different opinions from the player character its an absoltue necessity to explore these options regardless of your personal choices for dialogue to unlock hints that improve the NPCS blood quality and unlocking new dialogue options.  Henceforth if you choose opposing dialogue options there isnt a consequence but always a perk to information. ARPG lackluster combat, combat in the game has hardly any mechanics, boss fights are oversimplified in their routine actions.  Variety of enemies is scarce, between militia and skals its almost all I've encountered so far.Main plot is so lost in the thicket of sidequests that you must complete before resting to avoid the whole city from plunging into chaos.  You must play lenghty portions of the game before leveling up or the citys health status will plunge.Ambience is a little too filthy for my tastes, detracts from the enjoyability of the game when everything looks like something died in every corner in the game.  Run down, diseased, putrifying conditions plague every square inch of the map and its only so long before you want a shower.Animation is pretty blocky, as far as NPCs are concerened, their movements look like  a lego figurine trying to gesture and awkwarldy flailing about.  Worse Release Tactic than Mass Effect AndromedaMy final opinion, substandard animation, substandard combat, plot advances slowly and the menial lives of citizens are more of a priority while getting into fights with either vampire hunters or skalds (mutated vampires) at every mazed city street.  Save your money for something you will enjoy playing that can meet the expectations of its buyers.
Lamsey	Not Recommended	9.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198150094219/	Great concept. Mediocre execution. Wait for sale. Terrible combat system. Pretty linear game, not really open world. Limited customization.
[F]ocu[S]	Not Recommended	17.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198104413177/	lots of talking, less action, fighting mechanic is a bid crap, short story: i decided to embrace all the people in hospital, it made the hospital to close down, yet u still can find sick people sleeping inside the hospital. YES its not a big deal, but the details is not impressing. Its like uncomplete game tbh imo
Morbolis	Not Recommended	24.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198237703856/	Pro's:ConceptVoice Acting is half decent Cons: Concept not executed well as dialogue makes a majority of the gameplay.  That said you exhaust every conversation option until you are faced with one of three unretractable consequence changing dialogue options,  Even if dialogue options express different opinions from the player character its an absoltue necessity to explore these options regardless of your personal choices for dialogue to unlock hints that improve the NPCS blood quality and unlocking new dialogue options.  Henceforth if you choose opposing dialogue options there isnt a consequence but always a perk to information. ARPG lackluster combat, combat in the game has hardly any mechanics, boss fights are oversimplified in their routine actions.  Variety of enemies is scarce, between militia and skals its almost all I've encountered so far.Main plot is so lost in the thicket of sidequests that you must complete before resting to avoid the whole city from plunging into chaos.  You must play lenghty portions of the game before leveling up or the citys health status will plunge.Ambience is a little too filthy for my tastes, detracts from the enjoyability of the game when everything looks like something died in every corner in the game.  Run down, diseased, putrifying conditions plague every square inch of the map and its only so long before you want a shower.Animation is pretty blocky, as far as NPCs are concerened, their movements look like  a lego figurine trying to gesture and awkwarldy flailing about.  Worse Release Tactic than Mass Effect AndromedaMy final opinion, substandard animation, substandard combat, plot advances slowly and the menial lives of citizens are more of a priority while getting into fights with either vampire hunters or skalds (mutated vampires) at every mazed city street.  Save your money for something you will enjoy playing that can meet the expectations of its buyers.
Misterff1	Not Recommended	14.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/misterff1/	Oh how I wish I could be super positive about this game… Vampyr has been on my radar for quite a while and I played it the day it came out. At first I really loved the game and I was not very bothered by some wonky mechanics. Unfortunately the game became too stale too soon to stick to this forgiving attitude, leading to me giving this a negative review now. Allow me to explain…StoryThe story of this game is very interesting. Some small annoyances like the main character not realizing he’s a vamp until you’re literally hours into the story, but that’s just a minor weakness. It is quite cliché, but that is not a problem to a lot of people I think. What is a problem to the majority of people is how slow paced this story is. More than half of the game time is spent talking to NPC’s and learning more about them and people in their social circle. If you don’t like that type of gameplay, do not pick up this game. For me, this was fine and I love how fleshed out every character is. They put real effort into this aspect of the title and I applaud them for that.CombatOne thing they did not put much effort into is the combat mechanics of this game. It is very wonky and while I think they wanted to go for a simplified Arkham-style of combat, none of the animations connect to each other. The result is a system you get bored with within one hour of gameplay. Sadly, another third of this game consists of that combat, which becomes a real chore after a while. ChoicesIt surprises me how many people here like the effect that choices have in this game. Most notably how you feeding or not feeding on citizens makes such a huge difference. Let me tell you that this part of the game is extremely underwhelming. The only real difference is one cutscene at the end of the game, tied to a character I could not care less about because it so happens to be one of the least fleshed out characters in the game. Other than this, combat takes more time. It is not more difficult, it just takes more patience. I was hoping for a system where you would actually feel HIGHLY compelled to feed on citizens because the game becomes hardly playable without it. That would totally fit the character you play, because he claims on many occasions how much he feels that urge. What is the point of saying that if you, the player playing his character, does not feel that urge all that much at all?So yes, very disappointing indeed.GraphicsPeople who say they don’t like it because it looks old should check their priorities. Looks do not determine how good a game is in general. I agree it can be a very important factor, but it depends on the game. This game does not need fantastic visuals and what is there does the job perfectly fine. ConclusionI really wish I could give this game a positive rating, but I simply ceased having fun 10 hours in. I am glad people enjoy this game and I think it has some great aspects to it. Overall, however, gaming is about fun for me and this game lacked in that department over time.If you have the same style as me and focus on the same things, I think this game can be a good buy, but only in a sale. I recommend waiting until the price is cut in half.
THECOOK1EMONSTER	Not Recommended	13.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198088754494/	Looks like it was made in 2010 and it plays like it too.Its somewhat enjoyable but NOT worth the price
Singularity's Marauder	Not Recommended	27.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SingularitysMarauder/	This is a bad game.It's a story driven action RPG with bad dialogue and comical cinematography. Dramatic moments are ruined by recycled screams and animations of people vomiting blood into each other's mouths. Deaths are made atmosphere-ruining through the addition of last words which do not add anything to the character, but merely state their obvious themes.And most importantly it would seem as if the developers not know at all how to make a personality. Almost every character, except Dr Swansea is man or a woman with a tragic backstory, but beyond that they are hollow and uninteresting, they rarely express emotion and if they do it's overly dramatic.Another thing, the protagonist does not befriend people through a conversation but through hypnosis, which is just lazy and boring."TELL ME MORE ABOUT YOUR FAMILY!" That's how the main character learns about other's people families. He does not try to be smart, manipulative or kind. He just uses raw strength to get what he wants and because he's an overpowered vampire in a city of broken men, it's just boring.There is no progress, nor bonding, just sudden questions performed in a dramatic tone of voice.Celeste does relationships right, and if you were curious what does it mean just check it out.In that game you get to talk, spend time with and fall in love with the characters. If the same where to happen in Vampyr, deaths would be saddening and disturbing, but because DONTONOD lacks talent, they are instead hollow or comical.Let's talk about combat, now.It's like dark souls, except you're supposed to be more bold. If you hit your enemy long enough or parry him you get the chance to bite him. Whenever you bite an enemy you get some of your health and blood back. Blood allows you to heal further or use abilities which deal a lot of damage.So it's less about dodging and more about utilizing your self-sustain, which is cool.Over leveling ruins it, however. Just to clarify, until the last several missions I only killed NPCs with no additional dialogues, and even though there were only five of them at that point I was stupidly overpowered.I could ignore bullets and one shot enemies with a basic ability. The game became way too easy in order to be enjoyed, so I decided to bury London in anarchy.Districts fall into anarchy when you kill enough NPCs in them. Whilst in anarchy, districts gain stronger enemies.Killing NPCs however gave me more exp, so I became even more over leveled. So, now I was one shooting enemies and two shooting bosses.Great job devs.TL:DR Cool concept, made by garbage developers.
DrenZO	Not Recommended	5.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/drenzo/	I STRONGLY NOT RECOMMEND THIS,this game only worth on half price or more discount. i bought this game when its on sale 33% discount and believe me, there is so much you will regret after buying this game.FIRST the story isnt clear and consistence, many of dialogs from NPC didnt feel so useful,SECOND this games has tagged as CHOICES MATTER, but nop, dont get your hopes up.. NONE OF YOUR CHOICE ACTUALLY MATTER! in the end THE ONLY THING MATTER is whether you kill or bite other NPC. dont think this game is similar to LIFE IS STRANGE, TELLTALE etc.THIRD the combat is awful this meant to be AAA game, but it feels like the combat system is similar to AA games.FOURTH if u use AMD GPU (in my case i used RX480) good luck having low fps all the time...AND MANY MORE BUGS.you know. im not the hater, you can see my review history, i almost never give negative feed back on my games.BUT MAN... this games is really &%^#*!@$im just a good man trying to save your money
IDSeeker	Recommended	20.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/IDSeeker/	I don't usually do reviews, positive or otherwise, but I feel this game needs a bit of love over here so here's my 2 cents.Disclaimer: I only played after Update 3 and I had no problems with performance and loading times with my SSD (less than 5 seconds every time I see a loading screen).This game mechanically reminds me of Mass Effect: - Meaningful dialogue choices (on a wheel just like Mass Effect!)- A lot of lore that you have to dig up a bit to really appreciate (instead of being spoonfed to you in a boring way) - Serviceable combat that I personally find fun, but I can see why someone else would complain about it; honestly, once you find the big stick that does both phisical and stun damage and upgrade it, you're set for the rest of the game...I can easily beat enemies 3-4x above my level now, with a bit of finesse. It kinda reminds me of Bloodborne combat, but brought down by some sluggish animations like a bit of Lord of the Fallen fell into it- Exploration always rewarding and frankly you'll need it to get to a decent level if you don't want to kill civilians in your run.- Great atmosphere for the setting the game is in- I really like how nuanced most characters are, and I'll enjoy choosing who to kill on my "kill some, but not all" playthrough that I'll do after my current pacifist run- Cool points for the vampire abilities, although I prefer to level up only passive stuff for now (active stuff is for a playthrough where XP is not on a strict budget)Based on future DLCs practices (a.k.a. if the developers don't pull an EA), I'll probably buy the sequel on day 1 (if it ever comes out)TL;DR: If you like Mass Effect's gameplay duality of dialogues and combat throughout the game, Bloodborne's combat routine of "wait an attack, dodge, attack, repeat" or love vampires and their lore, this game is for you.
THE MUFFIN MAN	Not Recommended	2.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198274017327/	  I want to love this game, the story and the setting is good and i just love Vampires in general. But the combat is easy and uncomfortable, moving around in the game felt like skating on ice, not to mention the fact that it runs poorly at 1440p with gtx 1070, its usually around 80 fps but as soon as I look another way it goes to 60 and takes a few second to get back to 80 in the same scene. I think game had potentials but the devs messed it up, after 2 hrs i didnt like it anymore so im refunding.
Tinytim	Not Recommended	7.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197967035726/	I wish I could give this a thumbs up, I really do, but alas, too many flaws. The biggest is that the lvl up progresses time for the districts, meaning that people spread disease and♥♥♥♥♥♥gets out of control. This mechanic is easily gamed by simply stockpiling exp and only lvl'ing up as rarely as you can, which allows you to cure everyone and everything. This is bad game design. In a game as story driven as this, the time progression should have been set to the main quest line, and if they wanted, lvl ups to be locked to that instead. It kills the game that I have to personally manage the mechanic of time when it is only progressed through lvling up. Instead of me having to "choose who I will cure" I have to choose "lvl up or have half the district catch diseases". It's a real shame, because there's a lot of good stuff in this game, but here and there it just falls apart. Also, really stiff faces start affecting the game negatively after a while. I mean, these make Mass Effect 1 look good in comparison.
DrenZO	Not Recommended	5.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/drenzo/	I STRONGLY NOT RECOMMEND THIS,this game only worth on half price or more discount. i bought this game when its on sale 33% discount and believe me, there is so much you will regret after buying this game.FIRST the story isnt clear and consistence, many of dialogs from NPC didnt feel so useful,SECOND this games has tagged as CHOICES MATTER, but nop, dont get your hopes up.. NONE OF YOUR CHOICE ACTUALLY MATTER! in the end THE ONLY THING MATTER is whether you kill or bite other NPC. dont think this game is similar to LIFE IS STRANGE, TELLTALE etc.THIRD the combat is awful this meant to be AAA game, but it feels like the combat system is similar to AA games.FOURTH if u use AMD GPU (in my case i used RX480) good luck having low fps all the time...AND MANY MORE BUGS.you know. im not the hater, you can see my review history, i almost never give negative feed back on my games.BUT MAN... this games is really &%^#*!@$im just a good man trying to save your money
IDSeeker	Recommended	20.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/IDSeeker/	I don't usually do reviews, positive or otherwise, but I feel this game needs a bit of love over here so here's my 2 cents.Disclaimer: I only played after Update 3 and I had no problems with performance and loading times with my SSD (less than 5 seconds every time I see a loading screen).This game mechanically reminds me of Mass Effect: - Meaningful dialogue choices (on a wheel just like Mass Effect!)- A lot of lore that you have to dig up a bit to really appreciate (instead of being spoonfed to you in a boring way) - Serviceable combat that I personally find fun, but I can see why someone else would complain about it; honestly, once you find the big stick that does both phisical and stun damage and upgrade it, you're set for the rest of the game...I can easily beat enemies 3-4x above my level now, with a bit of finesse. It kinda reminds me of Bloodborne combat, but brought down by some sluggish animations like a bit of Lord of the Fallen fell into it- Exploration always rewarding and frankly you'll need it to get to a decent level if you don't want to kill civilians in your run.- Great atmosphere for the setting the game is in- I really like how nuanced most characters are, and I'll enjoy choosing who to kill on my "kill some, but not all" playthrough that I'll do after my current pacifist run- Cool points for the vampire abilities, although I prefer to level up only passive stuff for now (active stuff is for a playthrough where XP is not on a strict budget)Based on future DLCs practices (a.k.a. if the developers don't pull an EA), I'll probably buy the sequel on day 1 (if it ever comes out)TL;DR: If you like Mass Effect's gameplay duality of dialogues and combat throughout the game, Bloodborne's combat routine of "wait an attack, dodge, attack, repeat" or love vampires and their lore, this game is for you.
THE MUFFIN MAN	Not Recommended	2.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198274017327/	  I want to love this game, the story and the setting is good and i just love Vampires in general. But the combat is easy and uncomfortable, moving around in the game felt like skating on ice, not to mention the fact that it runs poorly at 1440p with gtx 1070, its usually around 80 fps but as soon as I look another way it goes to 60 and takes a few second to get back to 80 in the same scene. I think game had potentials but the devs messed it up, after 2 hrs i didnt like it anymore so im refunding.
Tinytim	Not Recommended	7.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197967035726/	I wish I could give this a thumbs up, I really do, but alas, too many flaws. The biggest is that the lvl up progresses time for the districts, meaning that people spread disease and♥♥♥♥♥♥gets out of control. This mechanic is easily gamed by simply stockpiling exp and only lvl'ing up as rarely as you can, which allows you to cure everyone and everything. This is bad game design. In a game as story driven as this, the time progression should have been set to the main quest line, and if they wanted, lvl ups to be locked to that instead. It kills the game that I have to personally manage the mechanic of time when it is only progressed through lvling up. Instead of me having to "choose who I will cure" I have to choose "lvl up or have half the district catch diseases". It's a real shame, because there's a lot of good stuff in this game, but here and there it just falls apart. Also, really stiff faces start affecting the game negatively after a while. I mean, these make Mass Effect 1 look good in comparison.
Yemeth	Recommended	31.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jaysykes47/	Product received for free
Justme0406	Not Recommended	27.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198010544843/	Poor consequences mechanic is forcing be to start the game over, yup from scratch because after every choice it saves, however I didn't choose the wrong choice, charm doesn't mean erase memory and kill, it babe charm, F*CK this game! I will find a way to hack my save and not lose the hours I put in because I killed a pillar all because of your poor wordage!!! I didn't choose this so I refuse to accept your "consequences" I chose to hypnotize and have her stop doing the bad thing the mission wanted be to stop, not kill her, not at all, unacceptable!!! You're getting a bad review because of this mechanic, you were just too lazy to figure out a proper save system
gq	Not Recommended	2.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198157002888/	It still has a lot of issues. Combat IMHO is the least of it.
Harris	Not Recommended	36.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198075931333/	The game feels like it was artificially made longer than it has to be, with how you constantly have to traverse the map to reach different areas, with many repetetive fights in between, just to distribute the medicine again and again. Every time all short and obvious paths will be blocked, the doors will be "locked alright", making you look for alternative, non-obvious routes. Even the final part of the game where you're supposed to get answers is full of that filler looking-for-an-entrance content.The main concept of the game appears to be balancing between good and evil and trying to preserve communities as a whole. But being a good guy is boring here and is fraught with difficulties. You are not really concerned with the future of those characters, because it's just so many of them, all with so much dialogue that at some point you'll probably get tired of them and start skipping it or just draining them outright. Barely any of those characters are worth mentioning too, they mostly feel just experience husks for you.While the game has original concepts, its overall style, story and music are quite good, I can't really recommend it. While it is supposed to be a game of choice and consequence, there is no real reason or point to return to it beyond the initial playthrough. I don't have an issue with "experience" kind of games, I loved DontNod's Life is Strange. But it somehow managed to keep the excitement throughout the game. Here the plot twists are obvious long before they happen. If Life is Strange had only some parts of it feeling like filler content, in Vampyr I constantly found myself with a question "When will it finally end?"
Kurtis Burford	Not Recommended	20.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198062488411/	Combat system is truely frustrating, an absolute chore, doubled with the fact that enemies are spawing a metre in front of me this game started off quite strong but has fell just short of being a thumbs up. London has been severely scaled down and having an enemy vampire a friendly human and an enemy human all but 10 metres beside eachother really kills the immersion. There has been a really good level of story put into each character and the way each character intertwines is really interesting. I felt my moral fibres come into question even as I took a chunk out a known gang leaders neck. The lack of fast travel is an absolute pain in the pink ring. my complaints about the weapons available are that guns in this are both useless for Johnathan Reid and also that people are machine gun speed pistol whipping me across the city.... Get this game on sale for £15 and hope that a sweet patch comes out
Sheogorath	Not Recommended	42.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198302852272/	The atmosphere of Vampyr is great, London at night looks gloomy and story is good but writing is average, not even close what bloodline had. Combat tries to copy Dark souls and fails at it miserably, plus there is no way to save your progress manually only autosaves, meaning that if you make a mistake you will have to replay hole game.PS. In my opinion  games cosmetic effects really suck. SPOILER OF GAME MECHANICS. Never hear that Vampire eyes turn black after sucking blood of one person, and if it is in the lore why other vampire wont  exhibit same sings.
Yemeth	Recommended	31.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jaysykes47/	Product received for free
Harris	Not Recommended	36.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198075931333/	The game feels like it was artificially made longer than it has to be, with how you constantly have to traverse the map to reach different areas, with many repetetive fights in between, just to distribute the medicine again and again. Every time all short and obvious paths will be blocked, the doors will be "locked alright", making you look for alternative, non-obvious routes. Even the final part of the game where you're supposed to get answers is full of that filler looking-for-an-entrance content.The main concept of the game appears to be balancing between good and evil and trying to preserve communities as a whole. But being a good guy is boring here and is fraught with difficulties. You are not really concerned with the future of those characters, because it's just so many of them, all with so much dialogue that at some point you'll probably get tired of them and start skipping it or just draining them outright. Barely any of those characters are worth mentioning too, they mostly feel just experience husks for you.While the game has original concepts, its overall style, story and music are quite good, I can't really recommend it. While it is supposed to be a game of choice and consequence, there is no real reason or point to return to it beyond the initial playthrough. I don't have an issue with "experience" kind of games, I loved DontNod's Life is Strange. But it somehow managed to keep the excitement throughout the game. Here the plot twists are obvious long before they happen. If Life is Strange had only some parts of it feeling like filler content, in Vampyr I constantly found myself with a question "When will it finally end?"
Kurtis Burford	Not Recommended	20.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198062488411/	Combat system is truely frustrating, an absolute chore, doubled with the fact that enemies are spawing a metre in front of me this game started off quite strong but has fell just short of being a thumbs up. London has been severely scaled down and having an enemy vampire a friendly human and an enemy human all but 10 metres beside eachother really kills the immersion. There has been a really good level of story put into each character and the way each character intertwines is really interesting. I felt my moral fibres come into question even as I took a chunk out a known gang leaders neck. The lack of fast travel is an absolute pain in the pink ring. my complaints about the weapons available are that guns in this are both useless for Johnathan Reid and also that people are machine gun speed pistol whipping me across the city.... Get this game on sale for £15 and hope that a sweet patch comes out
Sheogorath	Not Recommended	42.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198302852272/	The atmosphere of Vampyr is great, London at night looks gloomy and story is good but writing is average, not even close what bloodline had. Combat tries to copy Dark souls and fails at it miserably, plus there is no way to save your progress manually only autosaves, meaning that if you make a mistake you will have to replay hole game.PS. In my opinion  games cosmetic effects really suck. SPOILER OF GAME MECHANICS. Never hear that Vampire eyes turn black after sucking blood of one person, and if it is in the lore why other vampire wont  exhibit same sings.
Vagabundo	Not Recommended	8.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198029930370/	i say buy it on a sale if your thinking about buying it. not worth the asking price atm
DoingTheDo	Not Recommended	0.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/CHR0IVI3/	I wouldn't recommend this game simply for the fact that it doesn't immerse you from the offset. The pacing is slow and the combat is uninspired and lacklustre. The setting (Early 20th Century London) is one I would normally swallow hook line and sinker but I just can't help but feel disconnected from the world, the main character and how his background is fed to you. A great concept wasted on very mediocre gameplay at a premium price.On a side note, it favours using a controller over a mouse and keyboard.
Tomas	Recommended	8.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/HaKeRiZ/	Had doubts before buying the game, but decided to give it a go.To me, it feels like Witcher 3, Mass Effect series and Sherlock Holmes games mix.Bit of investigation, bit of fighting, bit of talking to the people and listening to their stories.The graphics are aesthetically clean, nothing too fancy.The soundtrack complements the visuals, helping to create the atmosphere.The gameplay itself and the movement/combat is somewhat wonky and static, something to improve on.Storywise cannot say to much, having played only a few hours and completed the prologue. The story developement pace is right, the it's not rushed and you are experiencing the journey together with the main protagonist.All in all I would give this a solid 7/10, but it could change with more hours in the game.
YGBHawk	Not Recommended	1.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/YGBhawk/	Slow, combat from 10 years ago and limited. If you really like the idea of vampires you might like this. I however came to this after watching it's development over the last year expecting great things. From a great story to fast, fun and solid combat. Unfortunately, the combat was terrible, the movements and animations are cluncky at best, trying to do anything in a stealthy way is almost impossible. The controls are very odd and I had to change a few of them like to 'Walk' you have to hold 'Q'?  Otherwise you make and absurd amount of noise running about the place. The story is...well right from the start, not that gripping. I was not taken in to a world with a rich story, you spend the first part of the game running away from 'hunters' then hiding. Once you get that out of the way you can get to business looking for your maker. Though by this stage its still very much go here to talk to someone, now go there to talk to someone else. You can unlock new abilitys, for combat, for stats and for influencing NPC's. Though again the combat is so bad that the abilitys only make it a little bit fun for 10 mins then you have seen all the animations for that ability and can move on. Graphics, graphics are okay, not great. They are acceptable for a game like this, as amazing graphics don't always mean a great game, but this has okay graphics, bad combat and a slow story that did not get me at all in to it after 2 hours. I didnt want to play any longer as a refund on steam would not have been possible. I would have liked to see if the story got better, but I feel games should MAKE you want to play on right from the start, instead i was always waiting, waiting for it to get going for 2 hours. It's a shame, I really wanted to like this game, i have been looking forward to it.
Dugillion	Not Recommended	6.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198199298891/	This game SHOULD be called GossYp because that is what you're going to do for 75% of the game. Chat with NPCs about other NPCs so you can learn their secrets and... chat some more!The other 20% of the game is spent looking for the next NPC to chat with inbetween rumaging through trash cans for crafting parts and nibbling on rats like the undead homeless.The last 5% is doing the fighting which NO ONE likes in this game.
Octobastard	Not Recommended	5.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197965586252/	The core gameplay loop isn't varied enough to be interesting. For me, I defeat every enemy the same way: Whack them twice with a big stick, bite them, activate a vampire power repeat. And I know that's kindof my fault for playing boringly but at the same time there's so much combat where all you're doing is ploughing through wave after wave of chaff I'm incentivised to get through as quickly as possible. It's like the bad bits of Dragon Age 2.The world also really isn't deep or complex enough to be interesting. There are loads of characters but none of them enhance our understanding of the world. This isn't Bloodlines with its miriad of competing interests. There are vampires (four by act 3, none of whom share any links) vampire hunters (who serve only as chaff to get in the way) and humans, who are prey. There's no politics, there's no sense of a wider context to what's happening. It's just a bit dull.
Octobastard	Not Recommended	5.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197965586252/	The core gameplay loop isn't varied enough to be interesting. For me, I defeat every enemy the same way: Whack them twice with a big stick, bite them, activate a vampire power repeat. And I know that's kindof my fault for playing boringly but at the same time there's so much combat where all you're doing is ploughing through wave after wave of chaff I'm incentivised to get through as quickly as possible. It's like the bad bits of Dragon Age 2.The world also really isn't deep or complex enough to be interesting. There are loads of characters but none of them enhance our understanding of the world. This isn't Bloodlines with its miriad of competing interests. There are vampires (four by act 3, none of whom share any links) vampire hunters (who serve only as chaff to get in the way) and humans, who are prey. There's no politics, there's no sense of a wider context to what's happening. It's just a bit dull.
Sunshine Snowshoes	Recommended	44.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198021551803/	 Byte-sized review I am here to suck the conversation out of you Review I decided to take a chance on Vampyr at full price, which is not something I would normally do, given that I am generally not really a fan of the developer, DontNod's, previous works. I found Remember Me to be a colossal bore that even with its incredibly short playtime was a chore to play through and I find their Life is Strange games a bit too mawkish and overly-sentimental for my tastes. So blow me over with a feather that Vampyr actually turns out to be surprisingly good, well at least good enough for me to reconsider their games in the future when they aren't mining adolescence for the nausea-inducing feels. Vampyr had me gripped from the get go, especially given that I was drawn to the bitter irony of the tale that centers around a turn of the century blood transfusion doctor being bitten by a vampire and being turned into one himself and then having to deal with a viral epidemic that threatens to wipe out London, that may or may not be linked to his creator. Vampyr isn't perfect however as it suffers from what Life is Strange suffered from which is some god awful prose. The game is littered with some clangers that nearly caused my ears to bleed ("What is glass but tortured sand"; "What is darkness but setting sun") but thankfully it's a lot better this time around. Learning to dial it back a bit is still a lesson the writers at DontNod haven't quite yet mastered. The combat is also not as refined as it could be (I would describe it as scrappy and rough around the edges), there are sections of the game that feel a bit graphically underwhelming considering that early 20th century London can look striking when you are out and about questing. There also seems to be an odd problem with engine lighting because each character looks like they are being lit up by an inner lantern dialed all the way up to 10, with light piercing through the crevices of where they have been stitched together giving each character an odd Frankenstein look. Where Vampyr does excel is that it offers one of largest and most memorable cast of characters I have yet encountered in a game. Each character (and there are many) are fleshed out and feel distinctly real, not cardboard-caricatures of the era when they aren't sprouting purple prose. It is also an incredibly focused and tight affair (something I am all the more grateful for). There is no busy work/fat built in here (unless you plan on healing every citizen in every district). You have main quests and side quests (all which enhance the main story) and none of the hundred million other doodahs that seems to populate open world RPG's these days that simply serve as distractions. Vampyr is also an incredibly well optimized game and I was able to run it without any slow down at 4K/60FPS. Word of warning:- Vampyr is heavy on exposition and you will often be locked into lengthy pieces of dialog with various characters so if that is not your thing you might want to reconsider. Thankfully all of it is gripping and enjoyable to listen too with enough twists and turns along the way to ensure that, narratively , you are kept on your toes. As it stands, Vampyr gets a recommend from me. One word to sum up the experience Gripping Performance/Bug related incidents No game breaking bugs were encountered outide of the odd engine lighting issue highlighted in the review. Game is incredibly well optimized and should scale admirably on various hardware. Similar to games Vampire: The Masquerade - Bloodlines; DARK; Castlevania: Lords of Shadow; Bloodrayne Suitable for Lovers of all things vampiric, people who enjoy a good yarn, people who love it when their games get a case of the "talkalitis". Current position in my games of 2018 cleared list 12th position. Rating https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=869453510 
andryu180	Recommended	39.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/andryu180/	UPDATE after finishing the game: i still recommend Vampyr because of its engaging narrative, but i found a lot of things which could have been done better:- too many NPC to talk to (and too many fetch quest); with so many characters you it's hard to feel for any of them- No quick teleport and way too much backtracking (you'll run back and forth in the same streets from the beginning to the end)- Inconsistent combat system, not entirely bad but not good either; there's no block, parry is unusable, weapons feel is nothing special- Poorly balanced difficutly level. If you don't want the game to become a dark soul alike you have to kill a lot of npc to power up your character. If you don't want to kill anyone it's going to be really hard and frustrating, also because often times when you die the game respawns you pretty far away from your death spot.Very good game so far. There's a lot more talking to people and searching for clues/stuff than combat, so it's probably not your game if you're a call of duty type gamer. Graphics and characters animations are indeed from late ps3 era; still, game is ok to watch, gameplay is simple but fun, narrative is engaging from the very beginning, dialogues are well written and that's enough for me to recommend Vampyr to every single player game fan. I'll update the review after finishing the game.
Satan	Not Recommended	3.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198056847871/	Had very good potential, the story and environment building is not badThe combat is god awfulI ended up facing off against a Werewolf, while apparently not up to a proper level, as after a 30 minute fight later, he manages to combo me 100 to 0...Combat is boring, pointless, not interesting. The story-interactions are good, but far from enough to carry the game. Not really worth it IMO, I've sat through a lot of games, but am not willing to deal with a game that has god-awful combat design and balancing.Sure, I could opt to disable the gameplay altogether, and journey along on a visual novel (priced at quite a premium), if I decide to turn on story mode, as opposed to being given challenging combat that is interesting and deep. It'd be like if Dark Souls had no complexity whatsoever, no blocking, only the occasional dodge (and not as well as it works in Dark Souls), and wanted you to slap around the boss for awhile with two attacks, no combos or anything, and uninteresting 'boss fights'. Oh noes, he has two buttons too!Looks great visually, produces a solid atmosphere, but does not deliver on it gameplay wise.
The_Iron_Minotaur	Recommended	3.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TheIronMinotaur/	REVIEW IN PROGRESS (THIS IS NOT FINAL):Vampyr's worldspace, writing, and music. Are the game's greatest strengths. Because boy there is a LOT to take in.Now what doesn't work for the game is the clunky combat. Like oh. my. god. Most of the time, it's really luck. Other times it's mainly what weapons you upgraded, and what vampric powers you have in store. The game really, and i mean REALLY temps you into becoming a bloodsucking fiend of the night just so you can level up faster, etc. Overall, the game is like a coin. On one side it's great with the narrative, worldspace, and tone. But on the other side the clunky combat and of course not to mention the occasional bugs and glitches. The full review will be done once i have finish the game entirely. But so far I recommend it.
TORO-DORO	Not Recommended	0.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198260582975/	This game is not worth its cost at all, the graphics and animations are bad, the story is terrible, the dialogs are written by a third-grader. I feel like this game came right from 2012, not 2018. The quality of this game simply does not match the price.
donodragon	Not Recommended	7.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198026153023/	really good game but not worth the price, way to short for the price.
Thomas Larson	Not Recommended	43.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/malroth/	I wanted to like this game because the RPG parts of it, playing a vampire doctor, is pretty decent and I've been hoping for another good vampire RPG.Unfortunaly I absolutely detest the combat. I find it incredily annoying and often frustrating.And there is a lot of combat. What makes it even more annoying is that you hardly get any xp for combat encounters,it's just an unenjoyable interruption before you can get back to the better parts of the game.If there were difficulty settings this might be okay but there are none.So if you are looking for a good story based RPG but aren't into poorly done and frustrating combat I can't recommend this game. 
Falheen	Not Recommended	0.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/joedham/	Game just sort of falls flat compared to older cult classics like Vampire: The Masquerade. None of the special vampire abilities are overly appealing or cool, the combat feels janky and unfocused and way too easy, and the only redeeming qualities about the story are the setting and the lore. Which anyone could have done.If you're not convinced and still want to give it a go, I'd recommend that you wait for a sale or some patches that tighten up the combat.
esoterican	Not Recommended	55.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198147066936/	I want to give this game a neutral rating rather than thumbs up/down. But since I have to choose one... honestly if you're easily frustrated at janky combat mechanics, please do yourself a favor and do not buy this game. At least, not at full price. The terrible combat system really is the only thing holding this game back from being fantastic -- otherwise everything else if quite fun and interesting. But you can't advance the story without combat. Small fights and boss fights are repetitive and boring and maddening all at the same time, not because the fights are actually difficult or complex but rather because the mechanics are so clunky (targeting, camera angles, animations are all slow and feel incredibly clumsy and end up working against you in the bigger battles). This game was *thisclose* to being so great. Wish the developer had spent more time/resources on making combat feel more fluid and responsive.
Viðrímnir	Not Recommended	17.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/varthmathr/	Mediocre game filled with political crap. If I wanted to embrace some garbage propaganda I'd go to Kotaku or similar cloaca FOR FREE, without paying AAA-price. And that's a bad thing!
ChequeMate	Not Recommended	22.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/chequematex/	Game breaking bug in Chapter 2 that locks you out of an entire area if you heal a certain character in Chapter 1. This is just one of the many bugs that is making the game unplayable for any rpg fan and until the devs fix it the review will be negative. Otherwise the game is really great with unique npc system and nice take on vampire lore.
bcase1o1	Not Recommended	14.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198007579105/	I sit here after having finished the game, which took me about 14 hours. I find myself again disappointed by a game's supposed "choice" mechanics. Make no mistake, the only choice of any consequence (with regard to the ending) is  whether you embrace people . Lets run through my pros and cons.Pros____Tremendous amount of conversation and dialog with characters in the game. Every character is flushed out and unique, and many provide quests if you can unlock enough of their dialog.Combat is fluid and fun to a point. Very reminiscent of Bloodbourne. Cons____Alot more.The immense amount of conversation in  the game is also one of its big downfalls. The game is 75% conversation with NPC's minimum. I personally did not explore every dialog option with the characters because quite frankly i stopped caring. Actual gameplay is very minimal. While combat is fluid, it is also very unbalanced. The game brow-beats you into killing NPCs for experience. If you do not you will be underpowered and get absolutely thrashed. Actual combat seems to give very little exp, and grinding the amount of xp you can get from killing a few civilians would take hours. If you follow the quests only you will not be beating bosses.One of the first messages you get while the game is loading talks about how the cures for ailments in the game should not be tried in real life. Reference is made to their uniqueness and variety. This is false. There is little to no incentive to either make or distribute these cures. In my playthrough i healed only  a few civilians and it had no effect on my ending. BOSS FIGHTS. This is the single most irredeemable part of this game. Every single boss fight is almost exactly the same. The boss has a charge attack that impales or otherwise does a large amount of damage. The boss has a 3 attack chain of attacks that always play out in the same pattern. If you have fought one boss, you have fought them all. There was only one boss that had a truly unique mechanic. The penultimate boss fight of the entire game, the creature we have been working towards the entire time. Is a blatant copy paste of one of the earlier bosses. Same general appearance. EXACT SAME MOVESET exact same mechanics.What is the one thing vampires do besides drink blood? Create more vampires! This is indeed present in Vampyr, however the only people you can turn are pre-determined, pre-scripted, and again of no consequence to the game as a whole. There is no actual Role playing elements present in this RPG. _____________________________________In closing, i simply cannot reccomend this game. So much possibilities, so many ways things could have been done differently and better.  DontNod Entertainment, i lament my purchasing of this game.  
Jammerlap	Not Recommended	23.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197986774919/	Dont buy untill it goes down in price. It was the vampire theme that tricked me into buying. its boring after a few hours. its the same over and over for each mission, like this:Talk to people Must find person Kill thugs and / or monsters to find people who know about personAsk a lot of people about personDecide to help or kill and drink blood, from the people you ask about personKill thugs and / or monsters to get to personFight personChose to kill or let person go (sometimes its just autokill) Kill thugs and / or monsters to get back to base RepeatClose game
SivArcher	Recommended	22.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198159242709/	This game is great and well worth every penny spent in my opinion.So far from what I've played, currently at Chapter 4:+ Good Story, keep me engaged and interested all the time.+ Each NPC is unique and have their own story+ Choice in the dialog does have consequences (I hate when I lose hint for saying the wrong thing)+ The relationship between NPCs and the district design is great, like I keep wonder should I kill sombody just because he's rude to me, but killing the someone will affect another NPC which I kinda like. + Combat can be challenging, if never feed on NPCs for XP, but its not hell level hard, so its pretty suitable for me as I don't want to kill anybody and I'm not particularly good at action game however I still able to get through. + The voice actor are good, I love Jonathan voice.+ BGM very much suits the area, dark and mysterious along with some horror element. + Graphics and environment scene are good enough, at least the environment scare me a few times.Overall this is a good game and its 10/10 from me. I do really like story rich games and this game does require a lot of reading, either from Dialog or Books/Papers. But I really like the social system design. Good work DontNod, I look forward to the next game similar to this. (I will buy the latest announced Twin Mirror tho XD )
wade8343323	Not Recommended	24.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/wade8343323/	Great setting and should have been a great game but god awful combat, no difficulty change ruins the game, plus it has that annoying feature of having to kill the same creatures over and over after you die and restart
Britt	Not Recommended	48.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/brittislove/	Vampire RPG - I have been waiting for another great game of this genre for a long time. I was obsessed with Vampire: The Masquerade Bloodlines. I loved building up my skills to manipulate the mortals, use stealth, become a great hacker/lock picker, or even just dole out some real damage. With that in mind, this game is not anywhere close to Vampire: The Masquerade.Let me be clear, Vampyr is a fun game but... yeah, not really doing it for me. I still have yet to beat the game (I'm on Chapter 5) and have been doing a pacifist play through, but I feel I can write a complete review.Outside of bosses, there's only maybe 8 enemy types, and you're going to fight them over, and over, and over and the XP they give is garbage. Thats cool though cause you can eat consume some civilians to get XP more quickly, but that will have consequences for the district. Ok, neat, I like that mechanic, but my Vamp was really weak and I didn't really level up much until chapter 3 so I didn't have many vampire abilities. I spent more time making medicine and talking to people which was really dragging for me. Character progression was slow, and fighting enemies isn't particularly rewarding. Oh, and those civilians you can get for XP? You get more XP if you learn all their secrets first which you probably won't do until late in the game, meaning that you'd want to save them for the very end.The RPG elements aren't really taken advantage of. Enemies scale with your level which means leveling up isn't particularly rewarding as well, outside of having new abilities. The mesmerize skill you have cannot be upgraded unless you progress in the game, also meaning you can't consume those civilians previously mentioned until you get to a certain point. The only RPG skills you really have are just abilities and they're all combat based - you can't level up your normal attacks, you have to upgrade weapons and they top out at level 5. Seems pretty thin.The world is small and the environments can be annoying to travel through. There are specific paths you must take to get from one district to another (unless you unlocked a door from the other side) and sometimes thats particularly frustrating. Getting to and from the docks is a pain. Each district has people who can get sick and you can heal them (keep them healthy for more XP when you consume them!) and it gets old. I can't always find some of the shut ins houses so I have to google where they are at, and tracking them down is tedious. You can use your barely-useful vampire vision to find them, but it has a short range. Crafting medicine and giving it to them is boring, but that gives you so much more XP than combat so.. get ready to do that.I enjoy the setting and premise. I enjoy the boss fights.I may do a second run through where I just slaughter everyone, but keep in mind if you are interested in this game that it is a story driven game with light RPG elements. If thats up your alley, then I think you'll enjoy this but for me it feels like I'm just playing it cause I haven't beaten it yet. I wish there were more non-combat skills, traveling was easier, and the combat to have more rewards. 5 xp per monster? Next skill level is 3000 xp? Hoo boy.  
Legion	Not Recommended	11.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198053926810/	Its a great game and had potential for an amazing one. If you enjoy Story then I would recommend waiting until the price dips lower.The branching dialogue trees and constant running between NPCs meant that I had no desire beyond 'Getting a good ending' to talk to anyone. I even found myself forgetting about an area called 'The Docks' because they were out of the way enough that after having moving through their section of the story I was too busy healing the couple dozen other NPCs I already had to take care of.In the end:Amazing character work, but when 80% of all dialogue options are locked behind a scavenger hunt of "Find the NPC" it gets old fast.
Peter Pan The Nuker of Japan	Not Recommended	7.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kinglugy/	Honestly this game is just "talk to people simulator". Combat is boring, and the world is tiny. Like, youre in London and all you run in to are a handful of people. Would be way better if there was actually random NPCs that you could interact with.
TRASH DADDY	Recommended	11.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198027374663/	Only 5 hours in but I figured I would review to offset some of the early low scores.This isn't VTM: Bloodlines, few games are. This game is quite good, though.Excellent world-building, atmosphere, and top-notch voice acting make this one of the most immersive gothic horrors you can play. And while it's a bit less emergent than something like an 0451 or VTM, this game is actually an adventure game in disguise, along the lines of a Telltale or Life is Strange. And it's a very good one of those, with dialogue that sings, webs of intrigue between characters, and a pretty decent knockoff Bloodborne combat system to top it off.Is it possible to see through the artifice? Sure. But it's a damn fun time and a very intriguing world.Highly recommended.
dmill88	Not Recommended	82.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197972797549/	The quest markers sometimes do not work, leaving you stuck. Repeatative game play. It has a poor UI design. For example, to quit, you have go to the main menu, then choose to load a saved game, then the close game button shows up ... really wierd. Also, my PC version shows non-PC, console gamepad hints. I had high hopes, but it turned out to be an unpolished, boring game.  
TheBeef	Not Recommended	1.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198040823291/	Really great concept. Pretty shallow game. I would not recommend this game at $50 - the animations are dated, combat isn't very exciting, and the role play elements are very linear. For all those enjoying the game, excellent! I just think this would be worth a look at a lower price. wait for the sale!
LRB	Not Recommended	7.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198025712494/	Simply put, it's a souls like game, with no armor customisation, leveling up and change into DLC clothing take a day and may cause quest to fail because time passed. It's also a story/dialogue heavy RPG on autosave with no seemingly manual save option.It's not a bad game, but certainly not VtM:B, and not my cup of tea, now I need to lie down as buyers remorse kick in.
Inmate 13	Not Recommended	29.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198031558463/	I want to like this game, however, it is incredibly infuriating for one simple reason:Experience is your most precious resource, yet it requires both incredible patience, and either reading a strategy guide or incredible luck to gain any measure of it.When compounded with the "Own your choiced" autosave system, and I have ragequit more than a few sessions.The only way to get decent levels of experience is to obtain "hints" about the citizens of London. The problem is that obtaining these hints can be a very unpleasurable experience. A decent number of these hints can only be obtained by "observing" citizens and waiting for a cutscene to trigger, essentially forcing you to sit and stare at one of them for a few minutes until they finally decide to get off their lazy♥♥♥♥♥and do whatever it is that triggers the hint (my record is ten minutes waiting for Tom and Sabrina in the docks).But that's the less frustrating part. Some other hints are locked behind converation, and if you say the wrong thing, you lose said hint forever. Even worse, there's no indication which of the dialogue choices will reveal the hint, and which will lock it away. In fact, some are downright counterintuitive. And remember that "Own your choices" thing I mentioned? You only get one shot at the conversation, unless you backup your save file so you can force a reload to an earler point in the game.Yeah, not fun.
Magiox	Not Recommended	15.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/magiox/	Pros: - Atmosphere- Soundtrack- Story Cons:- Weak Consquences- Weak endings (both good and bad) - Citzens you help or embrace dont really matter eventually- way point UI is terrible - Combat is dull and boring- Gets reptitive after 2 hours- no fast travelI really wanted this game to succeed, but unfortunantly its still an average game in the end.The choices you make HARDLY have any affect in the world and really has minimal effect to the endingBuy it on sale if you must
Man	Recommended	20.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/atsou/	Pros:- Great story- Amazing selection of player choice. Each decision you make matters.- Great atmosphere.- Great graphics.- Great soundtrack.Cons:- Combat is lacking. It felt stale because a lot of the encounters could be dealt with the same combination. And that would not be too bad. But there were not enough abilities for it to work well enough for me.- Level design could have been done better. A lot of quests involve finding another way to get to the primary objective.- There is support for 21:9, but the lack of FOV options make the experience lacking. It works great at 4K though.I do recommend this game regardless of how I feel about the flaws of this game. Your decisions matter in this game, and you can see it impact the world around you. It's not a huge game world so it's easy to see how wrong or right you were. So if you're into story based games that work around your decisions to build a compelling story. I recommend giving this a shot. If you're looking for a deep combat system, try the Devil May Cry series. But this is a Vampire game. You don't get many of these (They have been replaced by zombies!!!). So enjoy it while you can...
Soulless	Recommended	109.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198191359942/	Finally a good vampire RPG! Good storyline and interesting characters. Choices matter and will determine the fate of the people and district. Good replay value. If you like creatures of the night and questing, then this is a game for you!The only reall annoying issue is, that it isn't always clear what effect a choice can bring.So if they don't change this in an update, if you are not sure about which choice you should pick, I'd suggest looking up that choice on the internet. Especially if you are going for a certain playthrough i.e. good choices or evil choices.
Inkyspell	Recommended	62.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198109873128/	Great open world game and even though it does not have a fast travel, going around the dark city allows you to find a lot of things that you missed the first time. I have played this game nonstop and have almost completed it. I also appreciate the fact that you can "embrace" (bite) most of the citizens and there are some unpleasant ones that you can feel less guilty about. 
Ramm.asmiette	Recommended	17.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/rammasmiette/	80/100
MrBogus🐻🌙	Recommended	16.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198105158004/	Beautiful game , and it has a wonderful soundtrack and voice acting , BUT most of the locations in the map are empty, and the map is too big just 4 nothing. it has a nice graphics not amazing that's for sure.
NCRDesertRanger	Not Recommended	8.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198028806921/	The horrible, dull, repetive combat sadly distracts fromt he otherwise intriging investigations. Until there is an overhaul to this combat, I will not be playing this game any further.
Sheriff Rick Carlton	Not Recommended	12.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/AOGAMER/	This game isn’t worth buying if you like action. The combat system is good but there isn’t enough of it ;(The game is also pretty easy and I completed the game in 12 hours :/ If you like Life and strange and a bit of action then this is the game for you, because 65% of the game is just life is strange talk♥♥♥♥♥♥...
Infinitezero8	Not Recommended	16.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Zero8Hero/	After playing for 16 hours I can say that a bug is now keeping me from launching the game anymore.  As it stands the guy 100% will crash everytime I try to open the game.  I am so close to beating it too.  As it stands I cannot recommend this game until a patch gets puts out to fix this.
TJTaylor	Not Recommended	93.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TJTaylor/	I wish I could say I liked this game because I've been waiting for a good vampire game since bloodlines, and I'd love for the success of this game to lead to more mainstream games about vampires, but I found several things about the game irritating.  The decision dialogue options were far too vague in many instances.  You really had very little idea what the choices were until after you pick them and then they are locked in.  It's one thing to understand what choice you are making and then live with the consequences but it another just have to make a guess as to which option you should choose and then find out what you are actually doing/saying after.Most of the regular dialogue was rather pointless and could be completely removed without impacting the game at all.  You basically spend the entire game reading back story for unimportant characters you can eat for experience.  They don't really do anything.  They are just there to either ignore or eat.Finally, the ending was like a giant info dump just to wrap the loose ends of the game up which was a bit annoying.  I expected some good storytelling but just don't feel that I got it.  The entire game was pretty hollow.  I kept plodding along, expecting things to pick up but they never did.  It wasn't awful but it wasn't great either.  i will say that the art style of the game is great.  The atmosphere created was beautifully done.  It's just too bad that the awful dialogue and storytelling distract so much from it.
HenoGarvey	Not Recommended	2.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/lethalweapon4/	Ok, I'm a couple of hours in and the gameplay is a bit poor. It's not the smoothest thing in the world. It looks a tiny bit dated given what other games are doing nowadays, and does things that a modern game really shouldn't. Quite clunky imho. The main issue I have right off the bat is the dialogue. Whilst your character is voice acted by a decent British actor from Foyles War, it all seems a bit clunky. He's obviously only there to record his voice and do what the guys in the booth say, but he's putting emphasis on words that sound strange in the context of the game, like getting super angry seemingly out of nowhere. On top of that, the dialogue sounds a little like it's been written by the almost American foreigners from Family Guy who say things like "Oh for definite, it's just like a childhood game of hide and find!". Take for instance the nurse you meet just after arriving at the hospital, she couldn't sound any less English, and couldn't deliver her lines any less impressively. Obviously, it's not the strangest thing that could happen in 1918 London, but ok, I'll forgive it that wierdness. The fighting dynamic is kinda crap, it's a bit run and slash so far, not that much finesse and the level of the bad guys mean you're constantly having to feed and heal, or fight them by jumping in, attacking, and then repeating. The levelling up feature is nice, spending XP points rather than using staged level ups like most games, it's a pretty large upgrade tree, so things might improve from a fighting pov as well. A huge downside, that I find quite annoying though, is that the second you leave somewhere and come back, the badguys you may have killed ten minutes before are right back where they were and you have to kill them again, which is annoying when you just want to run and turn in a mission.  As for everything else, it's got a nice atmosphere, it's a first for me, I haven't played any games set in London at that point in time. I think personally, and it's really about an individual choice on this, the thing that may stop me from playing this thing from start to finish as a story based RPG is that dialogue thing. It will get on my nerves as I'm a pedant for this stuff when it comes to RPG. I need it to be as immersive as possible, especially with dialogue. I would've prefered Dontnod to do a sequal to Remember Me, I really liked that game. It was quirky and fun. But hey, this games still gets a luke warm review. I would recommend it, but only to people who don't care that much about a Patrick Stewart level performance.If I had my choice over, I'd get the new Jurrassic Park game by collosal.
landaburgess	Not Recommended	8.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197970639758/	What a disapointment!!! Especially from the people that brought us Life is Strange. Perhaps they should just stick to pure Story Driven games not RPG or Adventure. The only good Vampire game to date is still Vampire Maquerade Bloodlines (which is awesome even though it was never completed by developers and was forced to be released.) In terms of Vampyr, they were on the right track with many of the ideas and story but the delivery is lousy and the experience system and combat is terrible. It is amazing they put so much research into the time period and London, yet their missing simple things like horses or the seedy underbelly. Also every Vampire game/story should be adult with adult themes including not just violence but nudity/romance. I give it 6/10 and because they missed the potential I bring it down to 5/10. When it is $15 get it, but until then go play Bloodlines
khelben224	Recommended	14.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198009091195/	Only an hour in on this so take this as you like.  I am enjoying my time so far.  Collectibles are keeping me interested and fleshing out what appears to be decent plague turned infestation story.  Nothing groundbreaking but interesting none the less.  If you wanted God of War combat this is not the game for you.  Combat is pretty simple so far and frankly I am ok with that.  Gone are the days where I had the time and patience to sit and retry portions of a game over and over until I make it through. The score is where I believe this game shines.  They did a great job with it.  It has a very Victorian Era Bram Stoker's Dracula feel to it with a dash of discord.  If the score of a movie or game is what motivates you then you should enjoy this one.
alexk1208	Recommended	18.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Lexlexletirex/	Product received for free
cwgortner	Recommended	70.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198393622978/	I was really looking forward to this title, being a vampire fan-freak, though I forgot to pre-order it, so I missed out on the DLC outfit and weapon being offered. Which sucks, pun intended.That said, I'm about 12 hours in so far, and I'm enjoying it. I don't find it a slow burner by any means, but it does take its time, as a story-driven narrative should, in establishing character and mood, which is necessary to appreciate the moral dilemmas that Dr Jonathan Reid will face as a new-born vampire who doesn't know why or how he ended up this way. Graphically, the game has an oil-painting look that's Gothic-bleak. I did have to turn up the brightness because it can get too dark at moments to see. It feels almost illustrated, not photo realistic, but close enough. Others have mentioned robotic animations, so I thought I'd touch on this. While not as polished as other games when it comes to variety in models and facial expressions, the dialogue makes up for it. This game is driven by its dialogue and it's very well-voiced and acted. I love RPGs with immersive, complex storylines, and thus far, VAMPYR is one of the best I've played. Each NPC has a unique story you must uncover and each story is linked to other NPCs, with hidden cues that will further reveal the characters and raise their coveted XP blood factor - all of which poses a dilemma for our anti-hero, who must feed on blood and yet by feeding on those he befriends and gets to know, he destablizes the district while augmenting his awesome vampiric powers. The skill tree is easy to decipher; the journal to keep track of quests less so and the map is a pain, but the game does a decent job of keeping you on track, though you might wind up, as I have, running around in circles seeking to unlock a quest that actually can't be unlocked until later in the story line. While not fully open world in the sense that you can wander off anywhere, it does have an open feel to it, though this is a city under a supernatural seige, so it can get claustrophic.Combat, contrary to what some people are saying, isn't rudimentary or clunky. It's actually well-handled and pretty gruesome; as you club, shoot, stab, or otherwise bludgeon foes to death, you need to keep up your strength so you can bite them, too, to restore health and blood and keep flinging your terrible powers at them to whittle down their health. It can get intense and the erratic camera swings, coupled with an unreliable CTRL function on PC to target foes, can turn fights on you very quickly, if your dodge-and-bash strategy gets sloppy. The first boss fight in the sewers with a monstrous beast kicked my♥♥♥♥♥twice. Partly this is because the game relies on weapon slots, power slots, and regeneration slots, like most RPGs, so in midst of a heated battle, you'll forget to dodge far enough away to avoid getting munched as you regain your health / stamina before attacking again. You can't, at least from what I've experienced, blindly button-mash your way to success - which is fun, frustrating, and challenging.The story line seems rather linear for now: you do get minor local investigations along with the main quests, proceeding through a sequence of chapters that further Jonathan's journey. Some NPCs are so corrupt, you want to kill them right away and drink up all that juicy XP. Don't. Within hours, the district falls into chaos and unless you rush about frantically dosing everyone who's sick with serums for their various ailments, that district will turn hostile. What grips you the most is wanting to find out how Jonathan will escape or resolve his dire predicament: he's a vampire, after all, and you'll be torn between letting him go full Lestat on his prey or helping him retain his humanity, not to mention uphold his Hippocratic oath, as London become a funereal abyss under the Spanish Flu Epidemic of 1918 and a host of nasty creatures roam the streets. Every choice you make has consequences and the games relies on auto save, so be careful. If you regret a choice, you're screwed unless you start over from the beginning. I imagine it would be interesting to play through once on the good side of things, i.e., kill no NPCs, though the game states this is the most difficult path to take, and then play as a monster who doesn't care, just to see what the different outcomes will be.On the slightly annoying side, there's no fast travel to places you've discovered, like hideouts, so prepare to deal with the bare-bones map. Sites aren't labeled (well, hideouts are, but not NPC locations or landmarks) and foes re-spawn at regular intervals, so venturing back into a district where you previously wiped them out will be like returning there for the first time. And the XP raises you get for killing these foes over and over isn't great. This is, of course, deliberate. The game wants to entice you to slay NPCs and experience the ramifications of your blood lust. Which I did in Whitechapel by mesmerizing a pillar of the community and then, horrified by the result, spent hours crafting serums and hunting down sick NPCs to lift the district's health from critical to serious before the entire place went toxic.As I've said, I'm not far into the game, but for now, it's addictive. And the fact that it's brand-new is nice, because I can't just YouTube my way out of difficult situations, though that's probably changing by the minute as more folks play.Overall, I'd say VAMPYR is worth the investment, if you're looking for something different. On a final technical note, I play on an average Windows 10 PC with up-to-date NVDIA graphic processor, but no extra bells and whistles. FPS are very minimal even on ultra-high settings and loading screen times for me are well under a minute, so I have no complaints there. There are a few hiccups at times when switching areas and/or initating dialogue, but nothing game-breaking and so far, none of the dreaded crashes to desktop.I hope this game is successful. Some of us still like to play solo RPGs and this fits the bill in a world rapidly shifting toward everything MMO.
Ramm.asmiette	Recommended	17.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/rammasmiette/	80/100
Wolfie	Recommended	18.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/lets_limbo/	Actully really good. They've done a very good job with 1918 England, there isn't enough games set in England (As an Englishman my heart melted when I saw those red post-box's. We still use them today. I'm loving the little details.)Whilst not perfect, The combat isn't the greatest but it doe the job, I'v had blocked camera veiw and had enimies pin me in a corner, remember this is the first of what will hopfully be a series. If I could complain about anything it would be that when you teleport to a ledge it does niggle me that you can't do that freely but maybe in the 2nd Vampyr you can as I could have used it to get out of some scraps.And it's abit unpredictable when enimies will respawn.All my other would be "complaints" are completly my personal taste, I like fast travel and I don't like using crafting benches, which this game had no fast travel and you have to use crafting benches but again this is completly personal.Characters are sound, I genuinly felt saddend by Harvey Fiddick's story in Pembroke Hospital.They have stories, they've connected and their deaths cause serious noticble consequences.Over all, I'd give this game a 8/10 and I would say it's worth a buy.  
Cherokeedog	Recommended	63.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198294184361/	Well, it’s not a triple A game, but it IS a remarkable experience in its own rights.TL:DR-Deep and immersive story and atmosphere. I dare say brilliant in this regard.-Beautiful but rather limited and annoying world design and navigation mechanics.-Decent, yet unremarkable and somewhat shallow combat mechanics. You won’t feel the urge and joy to go kill something in this game.-Price should’ve been a few bucks lower.What it is:The simplest way I would describe it is as a mix between a detective game and an action RPG. You won’t crack your brain to solve mysteries and puzzles, but there’s a ton of talking in this game. That’s the main way the story is delivered. There’s also a constant chunk of action while navigating the game’s world, for combat enthusiasts.Story and atmosphere:While not exactly mind-blowing, the story is good and very well constructed, providing some surprising twists along the way. But most important: it is delivered in a brilliant manner. The writing is very good, the NPC characters have deep and diverse personalities and there are no fetch quests. Everything you do feels unique. While there is obviously a main quest, it is closely entangled with each and every side quest in the game, so basically the story is told and through each and every action you take.Graphics are good and the atmosphere is really immersive. Also - impressive soundtrack. Game world design and navigation:It’s dark, beautiful and heavily cluttered (thus feeling realistic). Once again, the environments not only support, but also tell bits and pieces of the story. There is a strong feeling of confinement, which falls very well in line with the idea of a plague ridden quarantined city.HOWEVER, the game’s world is also small, maze-like and artificially locked away in order to force you to slowly uncover it while going ahead with the story. This generates some awkward inconsistencies: you’re a powerful being with supernatural strength (and a reasonable array of firepower), yet you can’t blow a simple lock on a gate blocking a street, having to go around an entire neighborhood in order to open it from the other side.This brings us to the next problem: navigating the world is really stiff and limited. No jumping, climbing, crouching or stealth mechanics. You basically can only walk the streets (and run, of course) and there are some specific locations where you can perform sort of a teleportation move (described as being just a very fast movement). It’s once again inconsistent to be able to perform 5 meter jumps only in a few places in the city.Movement animations also feel a tad dated.Combat:It’s the second major flaw. It’s not bad, but it is very simplistic and it lacks any spectacular note.The skill tree is rather slim. You have 4 types of damage, which correlates to 4 types of resistances for your enemies. The skills you can choose deal various types of damage, but they require a lot of experience to upgrade and you don’t get that much throughout the game. This basically makes you get stuck with a specific set of skills that you can’t change on the fly to adapt to any situation. On the good side, there is a possibility to reset your skills and try new combos.But the worst part is that the combat is simplistic and unremarkable. No finishers, no slow motion, no spectacular moves (like stakes through the heart or heads rolling, for example). The vampire lore was not exploited almost at all. For some reason, regular blades and ammunition kill any kind of vampire just like they do humans.Conclusion:For a classic story driven RPG fan, it’s a must have. For an action RPG fan, not so much. The price tag is reasonable, but a tad on the steep side.
Homer Morisson	Recommended	43.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/hmorisson789/	Excellent storytelling, -writing and general narrative design -- the game delivers on everything it set out to be, with the devs always having been honest and open about this "only" being a "AA" game and not a "AAA" one.If you are looking for a great narrative, choices that really influence the world around you and if you are not so weak that you can't live with having to take responsibility for those choices, this game is definitely for you.If you, like me, think that story, writing and characters are the most important aspects of any game, then this game is practically a must buy.
Adre4m	Not Recommended	13.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198076152593/	Let's just say the game diserve its reviews... It's not bad, but it's not great, it's like when you watch a mediocre movie, it won't be awful to watch, but you won't rewatch it ever again. The combat system is a cheap version of the dark souls' one, way to easy, no challenge at all. And for the rest of the game.. well if you ever played Vampire : The Masquerade Bloodline... well this is the same game, except the last one was released in 2005 ! This game is clearly behind the times... I hate to say that because I waited a lot after this game.. have to say the disappointment is heavy...
Pentraksil	Recommended	40.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197993453957/	I have to say that I really enjoyed the game, despite having my doubts. Previews did not really blew me away, I kinda knew what to expect but I wasn't sure if the game as a whole would keep me going. Combat looked simple and repetitive, animations wonky and stiff. Some of the dialogue seemed a bit too dramatic. I am glad to say that It pulled me by the hand  for the entire playthrough, despite some flaws. You need to know what to expect from this game. Do not expect this to be the VtMB incarnate, because it is not and it is not trying to be. It is not a hack & slash game and it has a lot of dialogue. A LOT. And I mean it. And there is an entire system behind these dialogues, it is not just a line of text. Game as a whole is somewhat clunky but IMO positives outweight the negatives immensely.Visually the game is not going to blow anyone away, but seeing this is an AA title it is quite impressive. Gloomy atmosphere is top notch, and the art style suits it perfectly. Animations are a bit clunky and the lip sync could be better....but again, not a major flow, concidering the positives overall. Audio is also very good, I really loved the voice acting and the conversations. There will always be hits and misses, but overall it is an excellent job.Combat is a mixed bag and it might not suit everyone. It is not a hack & slash and you cannot spam your way to victory. You will have to dodge, stun, feed, use abilities, shoot and manage your health, stamina and blood pool during combat. Enemies have different resistances and weaknesses to certain attacks. There are a lot of options to fight, nothing to write home about, but I found the combat to be rather strategic and enjoyable because it values careful aproach. And it can be really challenging if you are not careful. Also, I am happy to say that no enemy is unbeatable even if your level is much lower than the enemies. I really liked that. The combat is not without flaws however...Hit boxes and animation sync seem a bit off. I had  situations where I would dodge and be nowhere near the path of an enemy charge or leap and they would catch me or hit me. This wasn't often, but it was noticable in a lot of cases and really annoying. The game has boss battles and I think there are too many for my taste, especially during the final chapters. Some are unique but some share attack patterns. In the end, it was enjoyable for me and that is what matters. Combat options are also connected to your leveling, where you will choose abilities, upgrade them and make the main character stronger. XP comes from numerous sources, from simple combat, to killing NPC's to doing quests. However, there is an interesting system here....Biggest XP boost comes from embracing NPC's. But those NPC's will die and it might affect the map sections in a certain way. The XP boost is even bigger if the NPC is not sick, if you learned secrets from them (hints) if you cured them (as a doctor you can craft medicine if you have the recipe) etc. Some story decisions also include killing, turning etc. To summarise, if you drain the NPC's you will get a lot of XP and become powerful, but the districts will become barren, infected and swarmed by enemies, your story will end differently and will affect some story dialogue and choices. During my playthrough I killed optional NPC (he was an a-hole :D ) and did turn some story NPC's, but overall I cured and tried to help people. I was lvl 29 in the end and had no problems with combat at all (it was a bit challenging). I got the good ending (at least it does sound like that). Each NPC is unique and has it's own story and secrets to share (or discover by exploring). You start remembering people by their name and their stories, which is something rare today.The story is the star of this game. It is well written, interesting, choices and consequences you make are not simply black and white (spare->good, kill->bad). It might not change the course of the story as much as it would in the Witcher 1 or 2, or Deus Ex for example. But they have their weight. I really enjoyed the story and it kept me going.That is about it, the review is already too long, I probably missed something, but I think these are the main features worth mentioning. TLDR: I really liked the game, despite it's flaws. Even for a full price. If you are not sure, discount is a must buy if you like a good story, vampires, if you understand what is the focus of the game and it's systems, and you are willing to get over some flaws here and there. Great game.
InsertValue	Recommended	9.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/InsertValue/	I love a good vampire story and this game really nailed the vampire mechanic. Usually I like to role play my character in games if possible and normally this results in me being the "good" guy that saves everyone.Not in this game, it's too tempting to give in the temptation of blood - so I already killed a few more or less important characters. Dotnod really nailed the whole execution of "embracing" those humans. The screen turns all red, the music gets much more dramatic, sometimes there is a short cutscene where your "prey" tries to get away - but they are left without a chance. The more you embrace humans the stronger you get but it comes with trade-offs: you can potentially lose a district and any potential quests from the person.This is a very clever mechanic on the one hand side it allows for great replay value on the other hand it gives so much character to this mechanic, you can really feel how more powerful you get when you embrace humans. The game also shows you how much XP a human gives you when you embrace them, which makes them almost look like tasty dinner to me - haha it's a really great mechanic for a vampire game.The game is very text heavy and not all dialogs are very interesting in my opinion. That for me is the biggest downside. I am only in Chapter 3 so far and I like the game, might buy it again for console to play with different choices. I can recommend it and I think the price is fair - I do think in general $50 is a fair price for a video game, given the resources it costs to produce them.I had no technical issues and the game supports Ultrawide properly which is a plus.  
dorian.haywater	Recommended	56.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198092582226/	This game has so much love that went into it. The idea that you have to choose between saving people by refusing to take lives or saving people by sacrificing some to have the necessary strength to protect others is awesome. It truely matters if you take lives and each person is uniquely crafted. With that ambition though also come some very shallow sterotypical characters. I have yet to decide what I think of Reid himself. He sometimes shows a great sense of dry humor which I love, but most of the time he seems confused about his own personality OoThe combat is alright, I like the weapon upgrading system and the various choices for your ability tree are well done. The story however is still great and the mystery a blast to follow along. I also think the team did an amazing job with the setting which is well researched and lovingly crafted. I recommend this game despite its flaws. I think it is important to support studios like this one that are still willing to take a risk and makesomething different, even if it is not perfect in all areas.
regiment	Recommended	33.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/regiment/	Vampyr is a great game and the quality of the story and atmosphere outweigh the frustrating combat system.Atmospherically the game is great. The foggy weather, the narrow alleyways, the dirty flats of the poor, or the pompous, painting-filled mansions of the rich: It's very much what I imagine when thinking of old London.The world is not very big, but it is filled with life and stories. There are some characters you can't talk to, but those are the exception. All other characters have their own well-fabricated stories which you can be a part of and which you can shape. Scarce are the games that make their NPCs appear as personal as Vampyr. It really feels like those are real people. Which brings me to my next point:This game is a sadist's wet dream. Not only can you talk to people, give them medical attention, and do little quests for them, you can also kill them to drink their blood and become stronger. You can kill everyone including children, the elderly, your own family - even the family of the woman the main character loves. And because the more time you invest into them and the more you find out about their lives (which increases the amount of XP you get when killing them), the more does it leave a hole when you finally kill them: Those left behind will mourn for their friends and lovers, blame themselves or others for their deaths, or will even leave the town. It really feels like you took a life. It is glorious.The game does a bit of social commentary, which is a bit too much for my liking. While suffragettes definitely fit in the setting, I doubt that a gay couple would talk so openly about their relationship to a stranger (the player), or that the upper class protagonist himself would be so open-minded towards the poor, blacks, or foreigners. All the social commentary feels a bit forced - there even is a rich old dude with bad hair who wants to build a wall to keep the peasants out.The story is interesting and exciting. And since your actions and decisions affect it, I think that it varies from playthrough to playthrough (though the ending and key events will be the same I guess). The story is driven by conversation and to a varying degree by letters and other written media, so it gets confusing if the player should not read carefully or does not pay attention in conversations.Sadly, while it is possible to skip dialogue, the skipping is not synchronised with the subtitles. Meaning that if you finished the current subtitles and skip, the game skips to the next speaker instead of to where the subtitles left off. So you have to wait for the spoken dialogue to finish if you don't want to miss anything.While the game generally feels well-researched, there are some annoying inaccuracies. On top of that list is that the main character's reflection can be seen in mirrors. Vampires do not have a reflection (and the mirrors used in that time period were made mainly with silver). Then there are documents about garlic not being effective against vampires but living plants are - yet you are able to water a plant right next to your bed in one of your safe houses or carry around plants without any indication of this being a problem. Some crucifixes will stun you while others are placed even around the necks of other vampires and do you no harm at all. These are all minor inconveniences however, the thing that almost ruined this game follows:The horrible combat system. While the combat system in itself is not the best but also not the worst, what turns it from something to master to the thing that drove me the closest to hauling a controller at a wall like no other game before did, is that damn stamina bar. There are three ressources to keep in mind while fighting: Health, blood, and stamina. While health works like in most games and blood is the fuel for special attacks, stamina is used to do normal attacks and to dodge. Stamina regenerates after not doing that for a couple of seconds. Which means that once you are at the point where your stamina is depleted, and you have no blood for special moves (or they are on cooldown), the only thing you can do is run and hope. Of course enemies won't stop attacking during that time, so if you are cornered or they are faster than you, you have no choice but to let yourself get attacked. Defenseless (remember that you can't even dodge). Too many a time have I died just because of this frustrating mechanic. This gets much better once you maxed out your stamina bar (which I recommend to everyone playing), but it never really goes away.I also think that this is a way of the developers to force the player to eat some characters so that he can beat some fights, but there are ways to do that in a much less frustrating manner (for example by simply scaling the enemies' HP and attack damage). To top that once you overcame that problem (as far as it is possible), you will find yourself running around either with tens of thousands of unused XP or will struggle to find a challenging fight (even the final boss becomes a pushover at a certain point - a point far from having skilled everything).The game itself is great and I recommend it to everyone who looks for immersion. But if there ever is a sequel, I hope they rework the combat system.
Horne Lord	Recommended	53.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198093601128/	Twenty odd hours in and wow what a game!Have already taken my first two victims and looking forward to my upcoming feast.Hearing the post First World War stories of pain and misery only fuels my hunger more!On a more constructive note it plays really well. Though for some reason every now and again –(Movement Forward becomes - Movement backwards) and the same with movement left and right. This is a rare occurrence but can lead to frustration and key tapping of a destructive nature.Despite that - BUY!
TheChromaKnight	Recommended	64.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198036359750/	Definitely worth it! A must buy game for every vampire lovers. Combat was pretty smooth, animations were mostly clear but could use some improvements. Performance was pretty good but had some dips and drops. The story was brilliant I'm gonna complete this at least 3 more ways :D . 10/10P.S do not compare this game to triple A games or dark souls. This is story based (if you follow dontnod it won't be a problem for you to understand what I really meant).
Soulless	Recommended	109.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198191359942/	Finally a good vampire RPG! Good storyline and interesting characters. Choices matter and will determine the fate of the people and district. Good replay value. If you like creatures of the night and questing, then this is a game for you!The only reall annoying issue is, that it isn't always clear what effect a choice can bring.So if they don't change this in an update, if you are not sure about which choice you should pick, I'd suggest looking up that choice on the internet. Especially if you are going for a certain playthrough i.e. good choices or evil choices.
cwgortner	Recommended	70.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198393622978/	I was really looking forward to this title, being a vampire fan-freak, though I forgot to pre-order it, so I missed out on the DLC outfit and weapon being offered. Which sucks, pun intended.That said, I'm about 12 hours in so far, and I'm enjoying it. I don't find it a slow burner by any means, but it does take its time, as a story-driven narrative should, in establishing character and mood, which is necessary to appreciate the moral dilemmas that Dr Jonathan Reid will face as a new-born vampire who doesn't know why or how he ended up this way. Graphically, the game has an oil-painting look that's Gothic-bleak. I did have to turn up the brightness because it can get too dark at moments to see. It feels almost illustrated, not photo realistic, but close enough. Others have mentioned robotic animations, so I thought I'd touch on this. While not as polished as other games when it comes to variety in models and facial expressions, the dialogue makes up for it. This game is driven by its dialogue and it's very well-voiced and acted. I love RPGs with immersive, complex storylines, and thus far, VAMPYR is one of the best I've played. Each NPC has a unique story you must uncover and each story is linked to other NPCs, with hidden cues that will further reveal the characters and raise their coveted XP blood factor - all of which poses a dilemma for our anti-hero, who must feed on blood and yet by feeding on those he befriends and gets to know, he destablizes the district while augmenting his awesome vampiric powers. The skill tree is easy to decipher; the journal to keep track of quests less so and the map is a pain, but the game does a decent job of keeping you on track, though you might wind up, as I have, running around in circles seeking to unlock a quest that actually can't be unlocked until later in the story line. While not fully open world in the sense that you can wander off anywhere, it does have an open feel to it, though this is a city under a supernatural seige, so it can get claustrophic.Combat, contrary to what some people are saying, isn't rudimentary or clunky. It's actually well-handled and pretty gruesome; as you club, shoot, stab, or otherwise bludgeon foes to death, you need to keep up your strength so you can bite them, too, to restore health and blood and keep flinging your terrible powers at them to whittle down their health. It can get intense and the erratic camera swings, coupled with an unreliable CTRL function on PC to target foes, can turn fights on you very quickly, if your dodge-and-bash strategy gets sloppy. The first boss fight in the sewers with a monstrous beast kicked my♥♥♥♥♥twice. Partly this is because the game relies on weapon slots, power slots, and regeneration slots, like most RPGs, so in midst of a heated battle, you'll forget to dodge far enough away to avoid getting munched as you regain your health / stamina before attacking again. You can't, at least from what I've experienced, blindly button-mash your way to success - which is fun, frustrating, and challenging.The story line seems rather linear for now: you do get minor local investigations along with the main quests, proceeding through a sequence of chapters that further Jonathan's journey. Some NPCs are so corrupt, you want to kill them right away and drink up all that juicy XP. Don't. Within hours, the district falls into chaos and unless you rush about frantically dosing everyone who's sick with serums for their various ailments, that district will turn hostile. What grips you the most is wanting to find out how Jonathan will escape or resolve his dire predicament: he's a vampire, after all, and you'll be torn between letting him go full Lestat on his prey or helping him retain his humanity, not to mention uphold his Hippocratic oath, as London become a funereal abyss under the Spanish Flu Epidemic of 1918 and a host of nasty creatures roam the streets. Every choice you make has consequences and the games relies on auto save, so be careful. If you regret a choice, you're screwed unless you start over from the beginning. I imagine it would be interesting to play through once on the good side of things, i.e., kill no NPCs, though the game states this is the most difficult path to take, and then play as a monster who doesn't care, just to see what the different outcomes will be.On the slightly annoying side, there's no fast travel to places you've discovered, like hideouts, so prepare to deal with the bare-bones map. Sites aren't labeled (well, hideouts are, but not NPC locations or landmarks) and foes re-spawn at regular intervals, so venturing back into a district where you previously wiped them out will be like returning there for the first time. And the XP raises you get for killing these foes over and over isn't great. This is, of course, deliberate. The game wants to entice you to slay NPCs and experience the ramifications of your blood lust. Which I did in Whitechapel by mesmerizing a pillar of the community and then, horrified by the result, spent hours crafting serums and hunting down sick NPCs to lift the district's health from critical to serious before the entire place went toxic.As I've said, I'm not far into the game, but for now, it's addictive. And the fact that it's brand-new is nice, because I can't just YouTube my way out of difficult situations, though that's probably changing by the minute as more folks play.Overall, I'd say VAMPYR is worth the investment, if you're looking for something different. On a final technical note, I play on an average Windows 10 PC with up-to-date NVDIA graphic processor, but no extra bells and whistles. FPS are very minimal even on ultra-high settings and loading screen times for me are well under a minute, so I have no complaints there. There are a few hiccups at times when switching areas and/or initating dialogue, but nothing game-breaking and so far, none of the dreaded crashes to desktop.I hope this game is successful. Some of us still like to play solo RPGs and this fits the bill in a world rapidly shifting toward everything MMO.
regiment	Recommended	33.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/regiment/	Vampyr is a great game and the quality of the story and atmosphere outweigh the frustrating combat system.Atmospherically the game is great. The foggy weather, the narrow alleyways, the dirty flats of the poor, or the pompous, painting-filled mansions of the rich: It's very much what I imagine when thinking of old London.The world is not very big, but it is filled with life and stories. There are some characters you can't talk to, but those are the exception. All other characters have their own well-fabricated stories which you can be a part of and which you can shape. Scarce are the games that make their NPCs appear as personal as Vampyr. It really feels like those are real people. Which brings me to my next point:This game is a sadist's wet dream. Not only can you talk to people, give them medical attention, and do little quests for them, you can also kill them to drink their blood and become stronger. You can kill everyone including children, the elderly, your own family - even the family of the woman the main character loves. And because the more time you invest into them and the more you find out about their lives (which increases the amount of XP you get when killing them), the more does it leave a hole when you finally kill them: Those left behind will mourn for their friends and lovers, blame themselves or others for their deaths, or will even leave the town. It really feels like you took a life. It is glorious.The game does a bit of social commentary, which is a bit too much for my liking. While suffragettes definitely fit in the setting, I doubt that a gay couple would talk so openly about their relationship to a stranger (the player), or that the upper class protagonist himself would be so open-minded towards the poor, blacks, or foreigners. All the social commentary feels a bit forced - there even is a rich old dude with bad hair who wants to build a wall to keep the peasants out.The story is interesting and exciting. And since your actions and decisions affect it, I think that it varies from playthrough to playthrough (though the ending and key events will be the same I guess). The story is driven by conversation and to a varying degree by letters and other written media, so it gets confusing if the player should not read carefully or does not pay attention in conversations.Sadly, while it is possible to skip dialogue, the skipping is not synchronised with the subtitles. Meaning that if you finished the current subtitles and skip, the game skips to the next speaker instead of to where the subtitles left off. So you have to wait for the spoken dialogue to finish if you don't want to miss anything.While the game generally feels well-researched, there are some annoying inaccuracies. On top of that list is that the main character's reflection can be seen in mirrors. Vampires do not have a reflection (and the mirrors used in that time period were made mainly with silver). Then there are documents about garlic not being effective against vampires but living plants are - yet you are able to water a plant right next to your bed in one of your safe houses or carry around plants without any indication of this being a problem. Some crucifixes will stun you while others are placed even around the necks of other vampires and do you no harm at all. These are all minor inconveniences however, the thing that almost ruined this game follows:The horrible combat system. While the combat system in itself is not the best but also not the worst, what turns it from something to master to the thing that drove me the closest to hauling a controller at a wall like no other game before did, is that damn stamina bar. There are three ressources to keep in mind while fighting: Health, blood, and stamina. While health works like in most games and blood is the fuel for special attacks, stamina is used to do normal attacks and to dodge. Stamina regenerates after not doing that for a couple of seconds. Which means that once you are at the point where your stamina is depleted, and you have no blood for special moves (or they are on cooldown), the only thing you can do is run and hope. Of course enemies won't stop attacking during that time, so if you are cornered or they are faster than you, you have no choice but to let yourself get attacked. Defenseless (remember that you can't even dodge). Too many a time have I died just because of this frustrating mechanic. This gets much better once you maxed out your stamina bar (which I recommend to everyone playing), but it never really goes away.I also think that this is a way of the developers to force the player to eat some characters so that he can beat some fights, but there are ways to do that in a much less frustrating manner (for example by simply scaling the enemies' HP and attack damage). To top that once you overcame that problem (as far as it is possible), you will find yourself running around either with tens of thousands of unused XP or will struggle to find a challenging fight (even the final boss becomes a pushover at a certain point - a point far from having skilled everything).The game itself is great and I recommend it to everyone who looks for immersion. But if there ever is a sequel, I hope they rework the combat system.
! sandra	Not Recommended	24.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/iCandiieh/	A game titled 'Vampyr' shouldn't introduce the key element of vampries 15 hours into gameplay, where the game is coming close to finishing. It is mostly talking to NPCs with little personality to learn things you dont actually care about to begin investigations aka side quests to give you the experience you very much need in order to progress through the automatic scaling of enemies within the game. If you decide to go for a pure 'i refuse to eat innocent NPCs' run, be prepared to grind mobs in hope to level up to reach their level, or git gud at dodging attacks with the clunky combat system. The game had potential but was poorly exectuted, theres not many surprises and everything seems to be painfully obvious, its an OK version of Sherlock Holmes who needs to drink blood at times to execture a powerful attack. On the plus side, Jonathan is a cutie with a good voice, doesnt excuse the price tag though.
Shadake	Not Recommended	21.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198030483002/	Very dissapointing game.Pros:- story.- choises somewhat mattered.- level up system (punishing if you dont want to kill innocents)Cons:- combat horribly repetetive and boring.- enemies were spawning way too quickly.- it felt as if the only way to save a distric was to spam cures to everyone.- map design. I found myself running around looking for a way inside a distric, only because most doors were closed.- I end up forcing myself to turn on the game to finish it, which didnt happen due to constant crashes.
Brevi	Recommended	44.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/brevi/	No spoilers!Vampyr is an action RPG in which you assume the role of the Jonathan Reid a talented doctor, field medic and a well known blood transfusion specialist who recently returned from the front lines of the First World War.Upon arrival in 1918 London, he is attacked on the street and bitten by a vampire. Jonathan now has to face his own bloodthirst, the deadly Spanish flu epidemic plaguing the city, and the equally deadly supernatural world that opens up for him through his newfound vampiric condition.It took me ~28 hours to finish the story the first time.Pros- In my opinion, the greatest strength of the game lies with the superbly created characters and their dialogue conversations. You can meet about 16 completely unique residents in each of the four major districts of the game (~60 in total). They are all fully voice acted, have their unique traits, agendas and secrets which you can investigate. Many of them also have quests for you and some can be traded with. The fate of these people will depend on your actions!Note: If you do not enjoy listening to lengthy dialogue despite it being well written, then this may be a negative for you.- The moral dilemma between feeding on innocents or trying to save everyone as per your oath as a doctor is truely interesting. Drinking the blood of an innocent grants a massive increase in vampiric power. Power which you would very much need to survive against the various deadly threats that await you on each street corner. London is in a dark age in which violence, street crime and desperation is at an all time high. Some of the inhabitants are quite dark themselves, but will you cross the line? If you do take a life for power, the district and the remaining residents may suffer the consequences.- The choices you make are truly significant! The game has a one save system, and you do not have the option to change your mind by loading a previous save. My advice is that on your first playthrough, explore the path that you wish to take, and accept the consequences. Ignore the drive to collect achievements, stay away from guides and let the narrative unfold in unique ways.- The story sports excellent writing and character development.- Beautifully visualized gothic environments of London. The atmosphere (together with the music) is off the charts.- Olivier Deriviere's musical score. Excellent, especially the cello bits. Great match for the vampiric themes.- I felt that the combat is good enough despite criticism in other reviews especially for a narrative driven RPG.- The skill system is neatly made. It support multiple approaches to combat allowing for many different builds.I used the following skills:Autophagy (heal) which i upgraded into the regenerative version.Blood Barrier (shield) upgraded into multiple hits absorbed.Shadow Mist (ranged area damage) upgraded into heavy damage.Ultimate: Abyss (ranged stun & large damage).- High replay value. The fate of all the residents, the numerous 'turning point' choices in the story, the different builds to combat. It all works in favor of replay value.Cons- The romance in the game did not work for me. I believe vampires and romance can be done well, but I think it would have been much better to have more options for romantic interest, as not everyone falls for the same person. The game otherwise offers such a variety of choices so why not in this area? I would have also preferred a more erotic theme in this over the classical romantic one.- The enemy variety should be better. I cannot help but feel that the vampire hunter society and their combatants should have been handled differently. Taking the life of a resident is viewed by the game from a moral angle, yet butchering hundreds of vampire hunting humans is fair sport. I think the game would have been better if it fully focused on supernatural threats for it's combat. Vampire hunters should have been a very rare but difficult encounter, and despite their hostility for you they should have been also be part of the moral dilemma.I would have rather killed hundreds of a more varied supernatural opposition instead of the vampire hunters.- Lack of a fast travel mechanic.
Adre4m	Not Recommended	13.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198076152593/	Let's just say the game diserve its reviews... It's not bad, but it's not great, it's like when you watch a mediocre movie, it won't be awful to watch, but you won't rewatch it ever again. The combat system is a cheap version of the dark souls' one, way to easy, no challenge at all. And for the rest of the game.. well if you ever played Vampire : The Masquerade Bloodline... well this is the same game, except the last one was released in 2005 ! This game is clearly behind the times... I hate to say that because I waited a lot after this game.. have to say the disappointment is heavy...
Dest	Recommended	26.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/destructie/	Flawed gem, not unlike Obsidian's Alpha Protocol.The game integrates lore and gameplay amazingly, barring a few understandable compromise when it comes to combat. If you're into vampiric adventures with consequences for your actions, then this one is worth the play.The biggest problem with the game is its combat It follows the Souls games combat mechanic and tries to make it feel faster and smoother while falling short in polishing it.
PP | EpicSaxGuy	Recommended	13.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198030392111/	i have got few hours of gamplay at the momentwonderful dialouge written game. i really like it, decent combat, nice gothic atmosphere.BUTBUTBUTthere is one giant problemin a vampire game with powers and a good light/shadow setting there is no stealth mechanicsno stealth at allin my opinion this is a huge problemno low profile mode, no hiding behind angles, no hiding in the shadows, no instakill from behind i will lie if i say that this aspect didn't disappointed meall considered i give a positive judgementbut this a missed oppurtunity to create a masterpiece, instead creating a good game
Simo-chan	Recommended	21.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/sipri123/	I am 8 hours into the game now and I can already tell you that it's worth checking out. pros:- great story so far- great characters/npcs. Every civilian has they're own story, good and bad sides- great dialog system- soundtrack on point- atmosphere and world is gritty and dark as it should be- skilltree- the guilt after killing civilians- fun combat cons:- why so many f**king loading screens and how does it take 10 minutes to enter/exit a building? I have to quit the game several times because it never loaded- ugly♥♥♥♥♥animations on npcs- dont wanna be a graphics wh*re but the graphics at e3 were much better- several fps drops overall a very nice game with a few flaws. Games like these should be made more often. The developers did a good job on this game
regiment	Recommended	33.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/regiment/	Vampyr is a great game and the quality of the story and atmosphere outweigh the frustrating combat system.Atmospherically the game is great. The foggy weather, the narrow alleyways, the dirty flats of the poor, or the pompous, painting-filled mansions of the rich: It's very much what I imagine when thinking of old London.The world is not very big, but it is filled with life and stories. There are some characters you can't talk to, but those are the exception. All other characters have their own well-fabricated stories which you can be a part of and which you can shape. Scarce are the games that make their NPCs appear as personal as Vampyr. It really feels like those are real people. Which brings me to my next point:This game is a sadist's wet dream. Not only can you talk to people, give them medical attention, and do little quests for them, you can also kill them to drink their blood and become stronger. You can kill everyone including children, the elderly, your own family - even the family of the woman the main character loves. And because the more time you invest into them and the more you find out about their lives (which increases the amount of XP you get when killing them), the more does it leave a hole when you finally kill them: Those left behind will mourn for their friends and lovers, blame themselves or others for their deaths, or will even leave the town. It really feels like you took a life. It is glorious.The game does a bit of social commentary, which is a bit too much for my liking. While suffragettes definitely fit in the setting, I doubt that a gay couple would talk so openly about their relationship to a stranger (the player), or that the upper class protagonist himself would be so open-minded towards the poor, blacks, or foreigners. All the social commentary feels a bit forced - there even is a rich old dude with bad hair who wants to build a wall to keep the peasants out.The story is interesting and exciting. And since your actions and decisions affect it, I think that it varies from playthrough to playthrough (though the ending and key events will be the same I guess). The story is driven by conversation and to a varying degree by letters and other written media, so it gets confusing if the player should not read carefully or does not pay attention in conversations.Sadly, while it is possible to skip dialogue, the skipping is not synchronised with the subtitles. Meaning that if you finished the current subtitles and skip, the game skips to the next speaker instead of to where the subtitles left off. So you have to wait for the spoken dialogue to finish if you don't want to miss anything.While the game generally feels well-researched, there are some annoying inaccuracies. On top of that list is that the main character's reflection can be seen in mirrors. Vampires do not have a reflection (and the mirrors used in that time period were made mainly with silver). Then there are documents about garlic not being effective against vampires but living plants are - yet you are able to water a plant right next to your bed in one of your safe houses or carry around plants without any indication of this being a problem. Some crucifixes will stun you while others are placed even around the necks of other vampires and do you no harm at all. These are all minor inconveniences however, the thing that almost ruined this game follows:The horrible combat system. While the combat system in itself is not the best but also not the worst, what turns it from something to master to the thing that drove me the closest to hauling a controller at a wall like no other game before did, is that damn stamina bar. There are three ressources to keep in mind while fighting: Health, blood, and stamina. While health works like in most games and blood is the fuel for special attacks, stamina is used to do normal attacks and to dodge. Stamina regenerates after not doing that for a couple of seconds. Which means that once you are at the point where your stamina is depleted, and you have no blood for special moves (or they are on cooldown), the only thing you can do is run and hope. Of course enemies won't stop attacking during that time, so if you are cornered or they are faster than you, you have no choice but to let yourself get attacked. Defenseless (remember that you can't even dodge). Too many a time have I died just because of this frustrating mechanic. This gets much better once you maxed out your stamina bar (which I recommend to everyone playing), but it never really goes away.I also think that this is a way of the developers to force the player to eat some characters so that he can beat some fights, but there are ways to do that in a much less frustrating manner (for example by simply scaling the enemies' HP and attack damage). To top that once you overcame that problem (as far as it is possible), you will find yourself running around either with tens of thousands of unused XP or will struggle to find a challenging fight (even the final boss becomes a pushover at a certain point - a point far from having skilled everything).The game itself is great and I recommend it to everyone who looks for immersion. But if there ever is a sequel, I hope they rework the combat system.
PP | EpicSaxGuy	Recommended	13.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198030392111/	i have got few hours of gamplay at the momentwonderful dialouge written game. i really like it, decent combat, nice gothic atmosphere.BUTBUTBUTthere is one giant problemin a vampire game with powers and a good light/shadow setting there is no stealth mechanicsno stealth at allin my opinion this is a huge problemno low profile mode, no hiding behind angles, no hiding in the shadows, no instakill from behind i will lie if i say that this aspect didn't disappointed meall considered i give a positive judgementbut this a missed oppurtunity to create a masterpiece, instead creating a good game
Simo-chan	Recommended	21.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/sipri123/	I am 8 hours into the game now and I can already tell you that it's worth checking out. pros:- great story so far- great characters/npcs. Every civilian has they're own story, good and bad sides- great dialog system- soundtrack on point- atmosphere and world is gritty and dark as it should be- skilltree- the guilt after killing civilians- fun combat cons:- why so many f**king loading screens and how does it take 10 minutes to enter/exit a building? I have to quit the game several times because it never loaded- ugly♥♥♥♥♥animations on npcs- dont wanna be a graphics wh*re but the graphics at e3 were much better- several fps drops overall a very nice game with a few flaws. Games like these should be made more often. The developers did a good job on this game
UndeadMesh	Recommended	10.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ZombieMesh/	Vampyr is a very okay game, enough to get enjoyment out of it but not enough to really be all that memorable. Pro:Characters and story is interestingVoice acting is very goodGame can hold interest well enough to keep me playing for 6 hours straightMinimum bugs so farUnique systemsVery cool menusResizable subtitlesCons:It's super dialogue heavy, but trying to skip through lines of text actually skips whole dialogue chunks.The combat is clunky, frustrating, and unfair.The graphics are subpar.Not made for mouse and keyboard60fps cap. Game runs fine during gameplay segments, but cutscenes and dialogue cut the fps in half for no reasonGame will lock up computer if you alt tab while its loadingPlays it too safe, it doesnt really take any risks with gameplay. Not much of an RPGIt's not worth 50 bucks, I recommend waiting for it on sale.If you're looking for a mechanic heavy story heavy RPG about being a vampire that's 100 times better than this game (if you're willing to deal with it being very outdated and having to download an unofficial patcch) get Vampire the Masqurade: Bloodlines.This game is essentially a watered down modern version of VtM:B
daMNed	Recommended	32.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/stoyanov09/	Vampyr is an interesting beast. It's supposed to be an RPG and we see elements of it, yet through the social mechanic of the game and the relatioships between everyone in London it feels more like a mystery game. There is a story - sure, and you will be changing and upgrading your equipment, while scouring the city for all its valuables. However, the thing you'll be doing the most is speaking to people. I'm not exagerating when I say that at least 60% of the game you'll spend locked in a conversation with someone.I'm not saying this as a negative though. I love the characters DONTNOD have built and the choices you get to make really put your moral fibre to the test. There is a lot of reading and I'm ok with that. I'm just noting it first and foremost as a caution to everyone - this is a very text-heavy game.Apart from that the combat system doesn't look too bad. At first you'll feel like the combat system is a bit clunky, but it's not hard to adapt and get used to it. Gives me some Dark Souls vibes only because of the timing aspect. You can't really just mash the attack button and destroy everyone, you have to time your attacks and manage your stamina in battle. That being said it's not as punishng and you can easily get through most encounters without too much trouble. The story itself is pretty interesting. You wake up as a vampire and don't know who turned you into one, so you go on a mission to track your maker and get some answers. As I mentioned a bit earlier you'll have to make some pretty harsh decisions, much less however if you choose to spare everyone and try to get by only with the EXP you gain through quests.This leads me to my final point - the difficulty system. The more people you decide to kill, the more extra EXP you get and therefore the easier the game is going to get. From my experience you don't really need to sacrifice anyone since combat doesn't feel too difficult - the quest EXP feels enough. However your opinion may vary and that's why it's nice to have the difficulty system like this. Sometimes in games the Normal difficulty feels too easy and the Hard one feels impossible, so it's nice to be able to adjust it as much as you want. Overall I would recommend the game. It's a cool third-person vampire game that we don't get too much of. Also the market needs more AA games that try something different for once insted of just repeating the same popular trends - look at all the battle royale games for example. If you enjoy text-heavy games pick this one up, even full price is worth it in my opinion, if not then wait for a sale.
GodfatherPlunger	Recommended	21.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/GodfatherPlunger/	pretty good game, combat is solid, dialogue is good. only main thing I dislike is the movement. parts of the map look like they were designed while keeping "jumping" in mind, but there is no option for it. some stuff is pretty annoying though. you go to sleep to level up and suddenly 7 people got ill in a single district (I didn't even kill anyone there) => managing the stability of the districts can be tedious imo. if you don't care as much as I do, it is probably no issue for you
The Booklegger	Recommended	36.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198001042133/	This game reminded me of playing Vampire: the Masquerade Bloodlines as a teen, and that is both a compliment and a warning.This game has a lot of atmosphere, story and heart and I am totally captivated. You are Dr. Johnathan Reid, a recently turned vampire and prestigious doctor. The main mechanic is that your interactions with the various citizens have rippling affects on the district. Are you treating the sick and injured because Johnathan is a kind man struggling with his vampirism, or are you fattening them up to feast on their delicious XP? To it's credit, the game does present the people you interact with as complex, interesting characters, and brilliantly maneuvers you into thinking 'Well, would anyone miss THIS brute?'However, like it's sire, Vampyr suffers from slightly unsatisfying combat and is a bit buggy. I would also have loved to see more social unlocks, as your leveling process is almost completely combat oriented, which is a strange choice in a game that has such robust non-combat elements.Overall, like it's progenitor, I would call Vampyr a flawed masterpiece that everyone interested in game storytelling should play.
PREDATARRRR	Recommended	43.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/PREDATOR4Liphe/	This game answers a crucial question that many vampire fans have been asking themselves for years now: what if vampire media productions stopped sucking really bad? (no pun intended). After the horrid treatment of vampires in things such as Twilight, there's finally a vampire-themed media production that not only makes vampires dark and powerful again, but truly explores the tragic part of becoming a vampire.Combat: The combat in this game is fairly simplified, at least on the surface. As enemies grow more varied and more powerful, you come to find that mechanics once considered simple now serve a deeper purpose and must be used in the right combination with other mechanics to optimize effectiveness. The combat may be simple, but it makes the game more enjoyable this way. You aren't constantly going through meues to look up combos; more or less, you are making your own combos and what works best is found through trial and error. (I still love combo-heavy games like Devil May Cry, but it's nice to play the opposite too.) The vampiric powers, especially when upgraded, truly make you feel powerful when you use them.Interaction: Every character is unique and either impacts their part of town positively or negatively. Often times it's hard to determine how a character impacts their domain simply because they all have give and take. One may act rude, but provides a great service to the community, where another may be kind, but negatively impacts the community. Choices have a lot of weight in this game, and the decision to spare or kill one character can impact many more. While this part of the game is a drastic change of pace from the combat-centered, more dangerous parts of London, it's kind of nice having this contrast, like a reprieve before going back into the fight.Story: As I mentioned, this game makes you feel powerful while at the same time focusing on the tragedy of becoming a vampire. This is what I've enjoyed about the great vampires of legend such as Dracula. The decision to become a vampire, or the realization that you have become one, is in many ways, devastating. You must sacrifice so much to gain immortality and great power. This game lets you feel that great power in the gameplay while also giving you the tragedy in the story.Negatives: Between each district are often long stretches of what I call wasteland. Wild vampires called skals and vampire hunters roam here, and this is where combat takes place. Sometimes I just want to rush through these areas to get to the next district, but if you're engaged in combat, you can't open gates or teleport to ledges. This can get annoying, especially if low on supplies, blood, and health. Unlike a lot of RPGs, dialogue isn't skipable, which isn't bad the first time you go through it, but if you do a 2nd playthrough or accidentally pick the wrong option, it can be irritating not being able to skip it. A few times you find out you aren't quite powerful enough for a boss fight until you're in the middle of it and far away from a safe house (which is where you level up your skills.) Better indication of where your skills need to be would be very helpful and prevent a lot of backtracking.I've been hyped for this game for a very long time, and while it has its flaws, it's just about everything I wanted from a vampire game. I'm hoping one day werewolves will get this same treatment, but until then, I highly recommend this game to fans of vampires, gothic horror, or creatures of the night in general.
Horne Lord	Recommended	53.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198093601128/	Twenty odd hours in and wow what a game!Have already taken my first two victims and looking forward to my upcoming feast.Hearing the post First World War stories of pain and misery only fuels my hunger more!On a more constructive note it plays really well. Though for some reason every now and again –(Movement Forward becomes - Movement backwards) and the same with movement left and right. This is a rare occurrence but can lead to frustration and key tapping of a destructive nature.Despite that - BUY!
TheChromaKnight	Recommended	64.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198036359750/	Definitely worth it! A must buy game for every vampire lovers. Combat was pretty smooth, animations were mostly clear but could use some improvements. Performance was pretty good but had some dips and drops. The story was brilliant I'm gonna complete this at least 3 more ways :D . 10/10P.S do not compare this game to triple A games or dark souls. This is story based (if you follow dontnod it won't be a problem for you to understand what I really meant).
AshinBlade	Recommended	25.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/AshinBlade/	This game is great!The first time I finished the game i didnt die once, but its not about how i did. The game offers a lot for you to do while exploring the streets of London back in 1918.
Inkyspell	Recommended	62.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198109873128/	Great open world game and even though it does not have a fast travel, going around the dark city allows you to find a lot of things that you missed the first time. I have played this game nonstop and have almost completed it. I also appreciate the fact that you can "embrace" (bite) most of the citizens and there are some unpleasant ones that you can feel less guilty about. 
Ramm.asmiette	Recommended	17.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/rammasmiette/	80/100
The Booklegger	Recommended	36.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198001042133/	This game reminded me of playing Vampire: the Masquerade Bloodlines as a teen, and that is both a compliment and a warning.This game has a lot of atmosphere, story and heart and I am totally captivated. You are Dr. Johnathan Reid, a recently turned vampire and prestigious doctor. The main mechanic is that your interactions with the various citizens have rippling affects on the district. Are you treating the sick and injured because Johnathan is a kind man struggling with his vampirism, or are you fattening them up to feast on their delicious XP? To it's credit, the game does present the people you interact with as complex, interesting characters, and brilliantly maneuvers you into thinking 'Well, would anyone miss THIS brute?'However, like it's sire, Vampyr suffers from slightly unsatisfying combat and is a bit buggy. I would also have loved to see more social unlocks, as your leveling process is almost completely combat oriented, which is a strange choice in a game that has such robust non-combat elements.Overall, like it's progenitor, I would call Vampyr a flawed masterpiece that everyone interested in game storytelling should play.
Wolfie	Recommended	18.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/lets_limbo/	Actully really good. They've done a very good job with 1918 England, there isn't enough games set in England (As an Englishman my heart melted when I saw those red post-box's. We still use them today. I'm loving the little details.)Whilst not perfect, The combat isn't the greatest but it doe the job, I'v had blocked camera veiw and had enimies pin me in a corner, remember this is the first of what will hopfully be a series. If I could complain about anything it would be that when you teleport to a ledge it does niggle me that you can't do that freely but maybe in the 2nd Vampyr you can as I could have used it to get out of some scraps.And it's abit unpredictable when enimies will respawn.All my other would be "complaints" are completly my personal taste, I like fast travel and I don't like using crafting benches, which this game had no fast travel and you have to use crafting benches but again this is completly personal.Characters are sound, I genuinly felt saddend by Harvey Fiddick's story in Pembroke Hospital.They have stories, they've connected and their deaths cause serious noticble consequences.Over all, I'd give this game a 8/10 and I would say it's worth a buy.  
Homer Morisson	Recommended	43.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/hmorisson789/	Excellent storytelling, -writing and general narrative design -- the game delivers on everything it set out to be, with the devs always having been honest and open about this "only" being a "AA" game and not a "AAA" one.If you are looking for a great narrative, choices that really influence the world around you and if you are not so weak that you can't live with having to take responsibility for those choices, this game is definitely for you.If you, like me, think that story, writing and characters are the most important aspects of any game, then this game is practically a must buy.
bigwhitesexy	Not Recommended	115.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198369883733/	WARNING SPOILERS!!!!!!  The game has many promising attributes, but the fact that you have to kill essential NPC's to actually become powerful or else it makes the game something you will absolutely loathe playing.   You can't get any decent amount of xp out of the minions roaming the streets like the skal or vampire hunters.  It would take forever to grind out the xp to become powerful.  And thats why people that enjoy vampire movies and games like - becoming a seductive, sexy beast that can shred people.  There's no fast travel, mini-map.  Granted, its supposed to be a difficult game but usually in difficult games you are given the opportunity to grind and level up to  become more powerful.  So if you wanna play the good guy, not kill any civilians, you  get a crap ending and no reward for your accomplishment.  You'll slog through the game very underleveled and might end up breaking your keyboard.  There's no sense of achivement or anything but, "man that SUCKED"!  You'll be so glad to get through this game.  The side missions, redundant.  The story is unclear.  Honestly it feels unfinished.  There's a few branches from the story line that just go down a dead end road.  I'm usually pretty careful about the games i get and watch reviews from a few trusted sources so I knew it wasn't going to be easy, but they said it could be done.  But there was no emphasis on just how downright stupid you feel playing a vampire game but sacrificing some amazing abilities if you want to play good.  The appeal of the vampire is power.  Take that away and it's like "wtf'ing point"?  The game needs to finished and fine tuned.  The games way overpriced for the final product.  Sorry, I know i am coming across as a whiner.  But there is a fine line betweenchallenging and satisfying to over the top ridiculousness and this went beyond ridiculous by a mile.
Impostor	Not Recommended	55.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/steliastoras/	It might not be what the most of us would have wanted but in my opinion we still need this kind of games in the industry. lets support devs like DontNod (life is strange) so that the single player genre wont die on PC. it already looks like that the PS4  is the main platform for good single player games with all its exclusives. We can turn this arround. As far as the game goes it gets kinda frustrating (if not boring) and i am not sure if i am interested enough to follow all the dialog. might as well skip them. i know this is mainly an RPG and as such dialog is a must ingredient.The gameplay is good but i had a hard time figuring out how i can equip a firearm and i still struggle in combat when i need to change the enemy lock-on. It has flaws where it shouldnt have and i cant say i am satisfied with the performance. But despite all the above i feel i cant give it a thumbs down. It still is a nice move forward for a company that wants to make progress and we should acknowledge that.**UPDATE AFTER GAME COMPLETION**Alright I've been waiting for the game to come to an end and here i am CHANGING MY REVIEW TO NEGATIVE.The game ends and you CAN'T CONTINUE FREE ROAMING (as with other modern RPGs) in order to complete other side quests unfinished. instead you only get the credits and thats it -back to the title screen. Although I found combat a nice part of the game it gets frustrating not for not being challenging but due to the controls that make it unbearable at some points. In addition, I wanted to indulge into the side quests but soon i grew tired because some of them give you no clue of what you are supposed to be doing or searching.  Also,NO FAST TRAVEL. you get 4-5 districts that the people get sick all the time and if not visit them frequently the just die. it seems like a chore visiting the districts talking, healing etc. NO MINIMAP. Traversing through -the beautifully done, otherwise- London is painful with all the little alleys confusing you. You can't easily go from point A to point B while having to constantly view the map. In my opinion the "only night" setting is kinda dull. I know you are a vampire and you cant be outside in the day but a cloudy dusk or dawn setting would add some variety to the scenery. This is London after all.I am not sure if i am going to replay the game for the unfinished side missions. i purchased it to support the company and the single player genre but sadly there are too many mistakes.
NCRDesertRanger	Not Recommended	8.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198028806921/	The horrible, dull, repetive combat sadly distracts fromt he otherwise intriging investigations. Until there is an overhaul to this combat, I will not be playing this game any further.
Sheriff Rick Carlton	Not Recommended	12.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/AOGAMER/	This game isn’t worth buying if you like action. The combat system is good but there isn’t enough of it ;(The game is also pretty easy and I completed the game in 12 hours :/ If you like Life and strange and a bit of action then this is the game for you, because 65% of the game is just life is strange talk♥♥♥♥♥♥...
HenoGarvey	Not Recommended	2.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/lethalweapon4/	Ok, I'm a couple of hours in and the gameplay is a bit poor. It's not the smoothest thing in the world. It looks a tiny bit dated given what other games are doing nowadays, and does things that a modern game really shouldn't. Quite clunky imho. The main issue I have right off the bat is the dialogue. Whilst your character is voice acted by a decent British actor from Foyles War, it all seems a bit clunky. He's obviously only there to record his voice and do what the guys in the booth say, but he's putting emphasis on words that sound strange in the context of the game, like getting super angry seemingly out of nowhere. On top of that, the dialogue sounds a little like it's been written by the almost American foreigners from Family Guy who say things like "Oh for definite, it's just like a childhood game of hide and find!". Take for instance the nurse you meet just after arriving at the hospital, she couldn't sound any less English, and couldn't deliver her lines any less impressively. Obviously, it's not the strangest thing that could happen in 1918 London, but ok, I'll forgive it that wierdness. The fighting dynamic is kinda crap, it's a bit run and slash so far, not that much finesse and the level of the bad guys mean you're constantly having to feed and heal, or fight them by jumping in, attacking, and then repeating. The levelling up feature is nice, spending XP points rather than using staged level ups like most games, it's a pretty large upgrade tree, so things might improve from a fighting pov as well. A huge downside, that I find quite annoying though, is that the second you leave somewhere and come back, the badguys you may have killed ten minutes before are right back where they were and you have to kill them again, which is annoying when you just want to run and turn in a mission.  As for everything else, it's got a nice atmosphere, it's a first for me, I haven't played any games set in London at that point in time. I think personally, and it's really about an individual choice on this, the thing that may stop me from playing this thing from start to finish as a story based RPG is that dialogue thing. It will get on my nerves as I'm a pedant for this stuff when it comes to RPG. I need it to be as immersive as possible, especially with dialogue. I would've prefered Dontnod to do a sequal to Remember Me, I really liked that game. It was quirky and fun. But hey, this games still gets a luke warm review. I would recommend it, but only to people who don't care that much about a Patrick Stewart level performance.If I had my choice over, I'd get the new Jurrassic Park game by collosal.
landaburgess	Not Recommended	8.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197970639758/	What a disapointment!!! Especially from the people that brought us Life is Strange. Perhaps they should just stick to pure Story Driven games not RPG or Adventure. The only good Vampire game to date is still Vampire Maquerade Bloodlines (which is awesome even though it was never completed by developers and was forced to be released.) In terms of Vampyr, they were on the right track with many of the ideas and story but the delivery is lousy and the experience system and combat is terrible. It is amazing they put so much research into the time period and London, yet their missing simple things like horses or the seedy underbelly. Also every Vampire game/story should be adult with adult themes including not just violence but nudity/romance. I give it 6/10 and because they missed the potential I bring it down to 5/10. When it is $15 get it, but until then go play Bloodlines
Kuro Ōkami	Recommended	25.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/okamiking/	I would like to give this title a 8/10 rating on my end. I finished the game after 23 hours of play. However given the possibilty of a better ending in sight, I will give this game another run for the good ending (I got the bad ending on my first playthrough). The main reason why my rating isn't 10/10 is because of some of the bosses and their ♥♥♥♥♥♥ combat mechanics. The story is outstanding. But I just can't wrap my head around the idea of a boss killing me instantly after a certain treshold because my health pool (un-upgraded) wasn't enough to withstand the boss arena wide non-avoidable damage. I was forced to turn around and invest points into vitality just for that one. In any given case, I highly recommend to wait for a sale to pick up this gem due to it's low content/hour rate.
Overlord Valky Two-Shoes <3	Recommended	32.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/overlordvalky/	okay, I dont really make reviews at all, but I kinda couldnt not review this game..now I love this game... yes its not 100% what was promised, yes loading screens are kinda messed up and for me it kept freezing every loading screen, but for me that is something I willingly "suffered" through because I love these types of games, I loved the story, the combat is something you learn as you go.. for me the story started a little slow, but I honestly ended up loving it.. it kept me going the whole time after I propperly learned the mechanics of the fighting.. I've played through this game once, and I will for sure play through it again sometime soon..
Drunk3n_Axel	Recommended	33.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Drunk3n_Axel/	If you are someone who enjoy talking to most NPCs, detective work, and blend in with some 3rd person action combat, you will enjoy this title.  There are alot of dialogue and all the voice actors play their part well.  The main protagonist voice i thought is the weakest strangely.  You have your usual, melee, and range weapons, along with a few vampire skills not many.  Don't go into this expecting on the level of dishonored in terms of ablitlies.  The atmosphere in the game is great and color palette fits the tone of the game.  Graphic is on par with Senua Sacrifice and at max looks really good.  The optimization is really good as well.  I can run it at max with 3440x1440 resolution and it never drops below 60, ranging between 80-100fps with a 1080TI.  The game is locked at 60fps but with a bit of config changes you can unlock it.  Ultrawide looks great but movies are in 16:9.  Don't go into this game expecting a fast paced action combat vampire game.  Its a very slow paced game and that is good if you are looking for a story driven vampire twist.  The combat is not the best.  Melee swing feels floaty and not impactful and vampire skills doesn't feel or sound vicious.  Its just decent.  overall not a bad title from a small studio and reminds me of senua scarifice in terms of production and color palette.
MetaTrope	Recommended	6.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198026460437/	I've been looking forward to a decent choice-based vampire game since V:tM had a video game release.  This one hits the spot.  It has some quirks and issues... but every game does.  I love the setting, the way they've worked in the mechanics for combat and especially this air of mystery involving Reid's creator and the vampire 'society' I haven't quite discovered in full yet since I've started playing.I am giving this one a solid thumbs-up for now.  The only thing that would change my mind... is finding out that the game ends in just a few short hours.  If the story doesn't feel rushed and/or ends prematurely, it's definitely worth every bit of the $50-ish price tag.To clarify the 'quirks' I mentioned:  It feels like V:tM met Dishonored 2 and then had a short affair with Deus Ex: Mankind Divided.  There are quite a few familiar mechanics, styles, and even similar graphics (character and environment) to each of those.  That means it lacks a bit in being the MOST original, but is also familiar due to the adaptation of something I've already known and experienced in part.
Baron	Recommended	20.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198024599399/	Game feels a lot like Dishonored meets sherlock holmes in setting, but with a vampire twist. For fans of the genre its a must have. This is probably my favourite RPG since dishonored 1. Also worth mentioning, the combat is a lot better than people give it credit for. It feels a bit like Witcher 3. Its a real shame there's only evade and no parry/riposte, but aside from that its solid. There's some cool bosses, and the basic enemies are great for testing your abilities, which this game has a lot of emphasis on as you are still a new vampire and are growing/evolving, so the skill tree works.It has a very cool progression / difficulty system, in that by preying on innocents, you can level up faster and make the game easier, and you can choose who you spare, and that all affects the overall conditions of fear in the city. Its balanced by a surprisingly satisfying crafting system, where you can design medicine as a doctor to cure people afflicted by plague, thus improving the conditions of city districts (from stable to critical, etc)Cons: Weapon variety is a bit lacking. I went through the whole game without ever finding a scythe, which is the only weapon that can parry/riposte. Found only a single 2 handed weapon out of about 5 different types, once I started actively looking and using guides. Combat could really use a riposte function, so its a shame I have to write my review without ever using the only weapon type that could. Also, mesmerize unfortunately is just a lure and kill. For a vampire game, it'd have been nice to be able to mind control humans into thralls, making entire locations be my servants, and have the brotherhood notice if people were acting too strangely. The mods from Skyrim to control villages and such were fantastic, and I'll need to see that represented in future vampire games to really feel up to par.
'ザモ-	Recommended	43.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ZamoCris/	LA Noire 'Vampyr edition
Zebz	Not Recommended	0.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198130180807/	For the price, this game is a joke. Gameplay is horrendous, the movement looks like your floating and overal just rubbish. I'm just glad I was able to get a refund. If you want to try it out I would suggest waiting for a very big sale as from what I played its worth £20 not £45.
Mindless	Not Recommended	34.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198055339630/	Vampyr would have been considered amazing... had it come out on the PS2.The game's narrative is interesting and features a few twists that I personally enjoyed, but it is bogged down by an awful combat system, poor optimization, and pretty hamfisted writing. It becomes a real shame since the concept at its core is extremely interesting - a vampire doctor choosing between healing his patients or hurting them  - but the execution is just not up to par. Some details on elements I found frustrating in my playthrough:The combat system is extremely flawed. It is a dated take that you could have easily found in a game fifteen years ago, and is thus unacceptable now. It relies on stamina for your attacks and dodges, which replenishes over time. With the leveling system, however, you will be forced to choose between your flashy, high-cost vampiric attacks or your base health/stamina/blood. Since enemies will always be at least ten levels higher than you if you refuse to feed on Citizens, single shotgun blows or magnetic, long-range sword swings will kill you instantly - unless you pour everything into stats. Then, you'll just get stun-locked to death in long enemy combos.The sickness mechanic that allows you to heal Citizens is very annoying. You'll wake up after leveling to find that the entire area is afflicted, so you'll set out to make piles of medicines to cure them with, only for it to happen again the next night. If you forget or refuse to do so, you're in danger of sending the district into an uncurable state where you permanently lose quests and characters. Each and every district is affected, night to night, leading to more frustration as you would need to travel to each edge of the map to cure each district as there is no warp or fast travel. There are also minor details that stuck out, such as the rule established in game that crosses repel vampires being enforced only ocassionally (there are crosses everywhere that don't affect you), the eager acceptance of most Citizens to the presence of vampires despite the statement that most find them to be fairytales, or the fact that no one reacts to a bloodshot and beastly Jonathan post-feeding, that bothered me immensely. If the game was to get a sequel, I would hope for improvement from nearly all fronts. As it stands, the game just isn't worth your time in its current state.
Alcatraz	Recommended	11.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198077201526/	Amazing game, not a conventional approach, but it pays off well.  The level of depth and design is rather vast. I've pushed about 4 hours atm, havent been disappointed yet.  Each character seems uniquely connected and the way yours actions effect entire districts is soo satisfying!!Ill conduct a further review after finishing the game!!
VectorX	Recommended	65.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/CaligoVereor/	It is a really cool game. Quite refreshing to see a game where NPCs are important and have their own stories and roles rather than simply being there for the sake of it. Also, we haven't really gotten any decent vampire games since Vampire The Masquerade. I was quite excited to play this one and it did not disappoint.The only downside I see so far is the combat. Not the worst I've seen, but obviosly designed with a controller in mind and feels a bit clunky playing with keyboard and mouse.
Gamefox24	Not Recommended	16.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197971393699/	This game delights in going "Ha ha you ♥♥♥♥ed up!" Where you would have no idea of the outocmes of your choices. What the game outlines as being the best choice for an area will have an almost baffling outcome when you choose that option. This wouldnt be so much of a problem if you could redeem it in any way. However you are forced to make a blind desicion where 2/3 options will permanently ♥♥♥♥ up your game.
smokeinmyeyes2	Recommended	130.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198047455977/	I look at this game like Alpha Protocol.  An excellent game that was panned by the critics.As close as you can get to another vampire the masquerade: bloodlines game.Excellent story and atmosphere.Combat is pretty fun once you get the hang of it, with a few options for different playstyles.I can see myself going through at least 2 other playthroughs to see the different consequences of the player actions.
Mr Goat	Recommended	20.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TheLamaGlama/	I have been waiting for this game for two years and while it isnt exactly what I wanted, I am enjoying it. I was hoping for something closer to a pure rpg but this is something like darksouls or bloodborne with some detective rpg aspects. It's a beautiful and enjoyable game and I wouldn't call the combat system horrible, I'd say it's just difficult.I've had to learn boss's moves and such and died a lot. Not something I'm used to as usually I play a game for the story and turn the difficulty as low as I can. The problem with this game, is there is no difficulty slider but instead to make the game easier you have to kill more people and get stronger. This is difficult because there's quite a few people I don't want to kill and the game does a good job of making you feel bad for killing. I think the game is as well designed as it was supposed to be and likely is the vision of the creators while also being very enjoyable.
[?]	Recommended	27.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Litmus/	Neat game.  Probably worth closer to $25-$35 range based on gameplay hours and some of the frustating design decisions.  Mostly though it was a fun game with a fresh take.  I liked the investigation, crafting, and vampire abilities.QoL requests: - Fast travel between safe houses - Unlock the doors to an area when I reach that area.  As it stands now if you get to a new area but dont run around its entire edge to unlock various doors then you will find yourself doing A LOT of extra running around, which is already terrible due to a lack of fast travel.- some way to mark and maybe track civilian npcs.  There were many times I needed to find a person to heal them but could not locate them.  This may be on purpose to drive a more 'hunting' kind of gameplay but I recommend at least allowing me to see a general range, like how investigation markers work now.A recent update suggesting an improvement to aiming is terribly WRONG.  Your locked-on target randomly switches VERY often.  It was not like this before though so I expect a following patch to correct it. 
beetroot_chutney	Recommended	42.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197995858482/	A flawed gem. Like Vampire: The Masquerade - Bloodlines, to which this game owes a great deal of inspiration, Vampyr frustrated me, intrigued me, moved me, and most importantly, gave me an experience that I will carry with me and reflect upon for a long time.As my opening statement might suggest, Vampyr is not perfect by any means, but like the sincerity and integrity of the lead character, Dr. Jonathan Reid, what may feel at times - dare I say - dull, draws you in by virtue of the same.Critically for dialogue-heavy RPGs, I very rarely felt the need to force-skip dialogue. The length of each dialogue 'snippet' was, I believe, well judged, for even had I listened to a given snippet already, it was not lengthy enough to try my patience and therefore encourage me to cut it short with a right-click. I think this is important, for repeatedly interrupting a character mid-speech, even if one has heard what they have to say before, inevitably erodes immersion. Equally important, this prevents making 'mining' for new dialogue threads (hopefully RPG fans will know what I mean by this) a chore, and increases the likelihood that players with overlook any 'rough edges', both in terms of technical gameplay and story.Inventory felt important. I never felt like I was overflowing with useless junk, and each item acquisition felt worthwhile. Likewise, upgrading weapons and discovering new ones was rewarding, and had a significant impact on my combat effectiveness.Yes, there are rough edges in this game, but they are not gratuitous and somehow add to its charm. Like any good character, it has flaws, but those same flaws are integral to the 'soul', to the gaming experience as a whole. It gives it that 'raw' feel, and I mean that in a good way.When I initially made a choice that I regretted in-game, quit to the main menu to load up my previous save, only to find out that such a thing did not exist, initally I was a bit exasperated. However, this event really focused me; it made me consider my dialogue choices carefully. I couldn't simply backtrack via a previous save simply to discover the consequences for each dialogue thread - I had to commit. I came to realise this was a very rewarding way of playing. It made me try to think in the way I wanted 'my' Jonathan Reid to think. And, as I already suggested, I made a couple of choices that I regretted, but that only served to make the story more real, and make Reid more believable in the sense that he makes mistakes as we all do. As a real person does.The mood and lighting in Vampyr is simply gorgeous. Not gorgeous like a sun-kissed Bavarian beer-maid with daffodils in her hair - gorgeous in a smoggy, smoky,♥♥♥♥♥♥in-an-alley, gas-lit, damp-in-your-bones, worn velvet, blue-veins-through-translucent-skin-on-a-corseted-bust way. Many times I simply stopped to admire the gloomy London surroundings and take a few screenshots.I loved Vampyr's ending. Often the risk of an RPG that asks for a certain degree of investment from a player in terms of, not only simple playtime, but genuine mental engagement (read: actually considering text and actively listening to audio dialogue) is that the ending does not live up to what the player has put into the game up to that point. Vampyr's finale felt like it had been given the time and space it needed, and I was left feeling fulfilled.Overall, I cannot honestly say this was the vampire game I had been waiting for since Bloodlines, but it came damn close. In fact, Vampyr deserves to be considered separately from VtM despite its obvious similarities, for there is much, much it offers besides. And when I do indeed consider it separately, I can say: thank you to the creators of Vampyr - you've moved, entertained and inspired me. Bravo.
Fanciest Melon	Recommended	22.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198125721463/	I absolutely adored this game. The combat is very fluent and the dialogue is very rich. There was not a single citizen that I didn't want to talk to and find all the secrets about them. I usually go through games with a very hostile mindset. I will usually try take the easy way and kill off NPCs, but this game changed that. I felt compelled to keep everyone alive and act as a true doctor like you play as in the game. A definite but for anyone who likes dark storytelling and anyone who appriciates good quality.
MaliceMH	Recommended	56.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198116862076/	So like....I have this thirst....for understanding WTF just happened.I got a bad/good ending...I guess??It just felt like...I don't know. I can't explain it, okay? Maybe I'll play the game again for a better ending. I wanted to! Now I'm not so sure if I should bother.It's not a terrible game, no. It's not a good game, either..but it could be! That's what drives me nuts.If you do not like to be knee deep in dialog and not fond of picking up/reading every document you can find ummm...then DO NOT BUY THIS GAME lol I personally LOVE that kind of stuff, so it wasn't an issue. No, not at all! The ISSUES are:You absolutely cannot and should not feel any sort of feels for any of the characters you try to help. Because in the end, after all your efforts, all the unlocking of secrets, all the dialog...IT DON'T MEAN SH** Nothing gets resolved. Basically, the only purpose of running through the dialog and unlocking NPC secrets is to simply...FATTEN THEM UP TO KILL LATER. You're not given the opportunity to feel good about your good deeds. You figure out a characrer's problem and then...that's it. It just...stops. Kill or let them be. Those patients in the hospital?? Yeah...if you haven't embraced them, or lost their district, they're gonna be there looooonng after you beat the game, still dealing with their same delimas. I'm not trying to give spoilers, just getting you prepared to not expect much with helping.Questions! Jonathan has so many questions!! So much so that he has to ask questions he already knows the answers to because HE JUST READ IT IN A LETTER OR A DIARY!! The ending drove me nuts with this. Maybe it's due to my lil spats of OCD to want to click every dialog option that isn't gray or fear of not getting that completionist feeling by skipping straight to the yellow dialog choices *shrugs*Tips?! I gots some!"YOU WILL SOON SUFFER THE CONSEQUENCES OF YOUR ACTIONS." Yeah...yep...the game isn't messing around. They mean it. So it's tricky when it comes to having to make a choice and who to embrace. Even when you think you're making the most logical choice...its probably the wrong one. Crucial hints: "CHARM" You might wanna stay away from that! "TURN" probablly the best choice. Depending.The first victim you get the choice to embrace or let go: Please don't do like I did and think this is just the game giving you a test run. Ya know, to see what happens when you embrace? IT IS NOT A TEST!! You will have legit just killed a dude and didn't even unlock his full XP lol Another thing..when it comes a time you do want to embrace, you will get dark red eyes and a bad complexion. Permanantly. How come nobody else sees this? Just imagine and assume that it's cassic vampire glamour against mortals. The game sure as heck isn't going to explain it to you...."F*** he's fast!!"Combat is OKISH. NPC combantants say a few funny things to keep you entertained. Switching targets is a CHORE though and you have to be extremely precise with dodging or parrying. I dont even bother parrying. I just don't.Don't you DARE go to sleep every single time you get a lil XP! Resting too oftern can hurt your districts. Especially if you haven't bothered to heal people first! When you get to say lv 10, at least let your XP build up into 3k and higher before you rest. Gonna need it in the thousands anyways, trust me lolDismantle, don't sell.Where to find water for that damn plant?? West End. Is there a point? Dunno..Ask Johnathan.Failed hints: Look deep into the person's soul and read their minds and facial expressions to avoid failed hints. In other words...No real advice for how to avoid failed hints lmaoStamina: UPGRADE THAT STAMINA SOON AS YOU CANHandy WeaponsListon Knife: It's in the morgue. And its the best weapon for getting that blood!Priwen Stake: Vampire patient mission: Best weapon for stunning, to get that blood!Milton's Shotgun: Most powerful shotty!Talk to Lady Ashbury: Like every chance you can get BEFORE you get to her mansion. "!" will show on the map when a NPC is ready to talk to you. So pay attention! If you don't, and talk to her a 2nd time after your first meet in her mansion...well..expect some sudden dialog changes to throw you off and leave you scratching your head.Teleporting?The game says It's NOT "teleporting" You're just moving really fast! So, stop calling it teleporting, it's...yeah no, sorry, its totally teleporting. They just use "moving really fast" as crappy excuse for why you can't pass through locked gates.Overall what I think you should *not* expectThis is by all means no Legacy of Caine, Soul Reaver, Blood Omen, or Bloodlines Maquerade. Do not expect the satisfaction those epic vampire games gave you. If you haven't played any of those games..SHAME ON YOU!!! Add them to your cart NOW!! Don't expect to feel like everythings been resolved after all your efforts of resolving. There will ALWAYS be QUESTIONS.Don't expect to run through this game EZPZ cuz you were too lazy to go through the dialogs and pick up things and read. You will only give yourself a serious migrane and get super bored super fast...with even more questions left un answered. Not to mention a lot of "WTF" moments.Do not expect to max out all of your powers. Unlock all powers, or even master a single power without sacrificing the little powers that actually make the most difference in your survival.What to expect:A midly decent story. Seriosuly its not bad at all.Great voice acting. All that dialog needs good voice acting, and this game has that covered!Great music. Really love the music!A completionists dream. Even if you don't find every little thing, theres so much to find and discover. You'll feel like you did your best.Lots of missions!Big world. No fast travel...but if you're like me and love looking at the world and all its lil details...this is not a problem!Dialog. Lots n lots of dialog. Stacked with more dialog. You'll love this game if you love dialog. Did I meantion there's dialog?I would recommend this game to someone who doesn't mind a slow paced start, appreciates good dialog. Loves mysteries, single player immersion, and of course, vampires! Do you love to read? Consider yourself a casual gamer? Then this game is totally worth your hours. 
Darth Sidious	Recommended	113.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/MintfestPrime/	Vampyr is a good game and i thoroughly enjoyed it, however i do have one particular problem with it. There's a heavy emphasis on social justice throughout the story, which is completely unbelievable, given the time in which the game is set. Yes, it's a work of fiction, ABOUT BLOODY VAMPIRES, but the developers spoke of how hard they tried to recreate post-war London, as accurately as possible, but then turn around and put things in the game that would been considered preposterous and even offensive in the early 1900's. Inclusivity is something for THIS century.
Meh'runes	Recommended	23.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198029427838/	Great game with great setting. While the game can feel a bit disconected between fighting phase and dialogue phase, It still great game to get if you want narrative driven game. Also dont get repeled by the combat that some people think is not that great. its quite good with a lot of weapons and skills to choose from.imo its 7.5/10 game.
Alcatraz	Recommended	11.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198077201526/	Amazing game, not a conventional approach, but it pays off well.  The level of depth and design is rather vast. I've pushed about 4 hours atm, havent been disappointed yet.  Each character seems uniquely connected and the way yours actions effect entire districts is soo satisfying!!Ill conduct a further review after finishing the game!!
VectorX	Recommended	65.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/CaligoVereor/	It is a really cool game. Quite refreshing to see a game where NPCs are important and have their own stories and roles rather than simply being there for the sake of it. Also, we haven't really gotten any decent vampire games since Vampire The Masquerade. I was quite excited to play this one and it did not disappoint.The only downside I see so far is the combat. Not the worst I've seen, but obviosly designed with a controller in mind and feels a bit clunky playing with keyboard and mouse.
Gamefox24	Not Recommended	16.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197971393699/	This game delights in going "Ha ha you ♥♥♥♥ed up!" Where you would have no idea of the outocmes of your choices. What the game outlines as being the best choice for an area will have an almost baffling outcome when you choose that option. This wouldnt be so much of a problem if you could redeem it in any way. However you are forced to make a blind desicion where 2/3 options will permanently ♥♥♥♥ up your game.
smokeinmyeyes2	Recommended	130.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198047455977/	I look at this game like Alpha Protocol.  An excellent game that was panned by the critics.As close as you can get to another vampire the masquerade: bloodlines game.Excellent story and atmosphere.Combat is pretty fun once you get the hang of it, with a few options for different playstyles.I can see myself going through at least 2 other playthroughs to see the different consequences of the player actions.
Mr Goat	Recommended	20.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TheLamaGlama/	I have been waiting for this game for two years and while it isnt exactly what I wanted, I am enjoying it. I was hoping for something closer to a pure rpg but this is something like darksouls or bloodborne with some detective rpg aspects. It's a beautiful and enjoyable game and I wouldn't call the combat system horrible, I'd say it's just difficult.I've had to learn boss's moves and such and died a lot. Not something I'm used to as usually I play a game for the story and turn the difficulty as low as I can. The problem with this game, is there is no difficulty slider but instead to make the game easier you have to kill more people and get stronger. This is difficult because there's quite a few people I don't want to kill and the game does a good job of making you feel bad for killing. I think the game is as well designed as it was supposed to be and likely is the vision of the creators while also being very enjoyable.
[?]	Recommended	27.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Litmus/	Neat game.  Probably worth closer to $25-$35 range based on gameplay hours and some of the frustating design decisions.  Mostly though it was a fun game with a fresh take.  I liked the investigation, crafting, and vampire abilities.QoL requests: - Fast travel between safe houses - Unlock the doors to an area when I reach that area.  As it stands now if you get to a new area but dont run around its entire edge to unlock various doors then you will find yourself doing A LOT of extra running around, which is already terrible due to a lack of fast travel.- some way to mark and maybe track civilian npcs.  There were many times I needed to find a person to heal them but could not locate them.  This may be on purpose to drive a more 'hunting' kind of gameplay but I recommend at least allowing me to see a general range, like how investigation markers work now.A recent update suggesting an improvement to aiming is terribly WRONG.  Your locked-on target randomly switches VERY often.  It was not like this before though so I expect a following patch to correct it. 
beetroot_chutney	Recommended	42.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197995858482/	A flawed gem. Like Vampire: The Masquerade - Bloodlines, to which this game owes a great deal of inspiration, Vampyr frustrated me, intrigued me, moved me, and most importantly, gave me an experience that I will carry with me and reflect upon for a long time.As my opening statement might suggest, Vampyr is not perfect by any means, but like the sincerity and integrity of the lead character, Dr. Jonathan Reid, what may feel at times - dare I say - dull, draws you in by virtue of the same.Critically for dialogue-heavy RPGs, I very rarely felt the need to force-skip dialogue. The length of each dialogue 'snippet' was, I believe, well judged, for even had I listened to a given snippet already, it was not lengthy enough to try my patience and therefore encourage me to cut it short with a right-click. I think this is important, for repeatedly interrupting a character mid-speech, even if one has heard what they have to say before, inevitably erodes immersion. Equally important, this prevents making 'mining' for new dialogue threads (hopefully RPG fans will know what I mean by this) a chore, and increases the likelihood that players with overlook any 'rough edges', both in terms of technical gameplay and story.Inventory felt important. I never felt like I was overflowing with useless junk, and each item acquisition felt worthwhile. Likewise, upgrading weapons and discovering new ones was rewarding, and had a significant impact on my combat effectiveness.Yes, there are rough edges in this game, but they are not gratuitous and somehow add to its charm. Like any good character, it has flaws, but those same flaws are integral to the 'soul', to the gaming experience as a whole. It gives it that 'raw' feel, and I mean that in a good way.When I initially made a choice that I regretted in-game, quit to the main menu to load up my previous save, only to find out that such a thing did not exist, initally I was a bit exasperated. However, this event really focused me; it made me consider my dialogue choices carefully. I couldn't simply backtrack via a previous save simply to discover the consequences for each dialogue thread - I had to commit. I came to realise this was a very rewarding way of playing. It made me try to think in the way I wanted 'my' Jonathan Reid to think. And, as I already suggested, I made a couple of choices that I regretted, but that only served to make the story more real, and make Reid more believable in the sense that he makes mistakes as we all do. As a real person does.The mood and lighting in Vampyr is simply gorgeous. Not gorgeous like a sun-kissed Bavarian beer-maid with daffodils in her hair - gorgeous in a smoggy, smoky,♥♥♥♥♥♥in-an-alley, gas-lit, damp-in-your-bones, worn velvet, blue-veins-through-translucent-skin-on-a-corseted-bust way. Many times I simply stopped to admire the gloomy London surroundings and take a few screenshots.I loved Vampyr's ending. Often the risk of an RPG that asks for a certain degree of investment from a player in terms of, not only simple playtime, but genuine mental engagement (read: actually considering text and actively listening to audio dialogue) is that the ending does not live up to what the player has put into the game up to that point. Vampyr's finale felt like it had been given the time and space it needed, and I was left feeling fulfilled.Overall, I cannot honestly say this was the vampire game I had been waiting for since Bloodlines, but it came damn close. In fact, Vampyr deserves to be considered separately from VtM despite its obvious similarities, for there is much, much it offers besides. And when I do indeed consider it separately, I can say: thank you to the creators of Vampyr - you've moved, entertained and inspired me. Bravo.
Fanciest Melon	Recommended	22.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198125721463/	I absolutely adored this game. The combat is very fluent and the dialogue is very rich. There was not a single citizen that I didn't want to talk to and find all the secrets about them. I usually go through games with a very hostile mindset. I will usually try take the easy way and kill off NPCs, but this game changed that. I felt compelled to keep everyone alive and act as a true doctor like you play as in the game. A definite but for anyone who likes dark storytelling and anyone who appriciates good quality.
MaliceMH	Recommended	56.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198116862076/	So like....I have this thirst....for understanding WTF just happened.I got a bad/good ending...I guess??It just felt like...I don't know. I can't explain it, okay? Maybe I'll play the game again for a better ending. I wanted to! Now I'm not so sure if I should bother.It's not a terrible game, no. It's not a good game, either..but it could be! That's what drives me nuts.If you do not like to be knee deep in dialog and not fond of picking up/reading every document you can find ummm...then DO NOT BUY THIS GAME lol I personally LOVE that kind of stuff, so it wasn't an issue. No, not at all! The ISSUES are:You absolutely cannot and should not feel any sort of feels for any of the characters you try to help. Because in the end, after all your efforts, all the unlocking of secrets, all the dialog...IT DON'T MEAN SH** Nothing gets resolved. Basically, the only purpose of running through the dialog and unlocking NPC secrets is to simply...FATTEN THEM UP TO KILL LATER. You're not given the opportunity to feel good about your good deeds. You figure out a characrer's problem and then...that's it. It just...stops. Kill or let them be. Those patients in the hospital?? Yeah...if you haven't embraced them, or lost their district, they're gonna be there looooonng after you beat the game, still dealing with their same delimas. I'm not trying to give spoilers, just getting you prepared to not expect much with helping.Questions! Jonathan has so many questions!! So much so that he has to ask questions he already knows the answers to because HE JUST READ IT IN A LETTER OR A DIARY!! The ending drove me nuts with this. Maybe it's due to my lil spats of OCD to want to click every dialog option that isn't gray or fear of not getting that completionist feeling by skipping straight to the yellow dialog choices *shrugs*Tips?! I gots some!"YOU WILL SOON SUFFER THE CONSEQUENCES OF YOUR ACTIONS." Yeah...yep...the game isn't messing around. They mean it. So it's tricky when it comes to having to make a choice and who to embrace. Even when you think you're making the most logical choice...its probably the wrong one. Crucial hints: "CHARM" You might wanna stay away from that! "TURN" probablly the best choice. Depending.The first victim you get the choice to embrace or let go: Please don't do like I did and think this is just the game giving you a test run. Ya know, to see what happens when you embrace? IT IS NOT A TEST!! You will have legit just killed a dude and didn't even unlock his full XP lol Another thing..when it comes a time you do want to embrace, you will get dark red eyes and a bad complexion. Permanantly. How come nobody else sees this? Just imagine and assume that it's cassic vampire glamour against mortals. The game sure as heck isn't going to explain it to you...."F*** he's fast!!"Combat is OKISH. NPC combantants say a few funny things to keep you entertained. Switching targets is a CHORE though and you have to be extremely precise with dodging or parrying. I dont even bother parrying. I just don't.Don't you DARE go to sleep every single time you get a lil XP! Resting too oftern can hurt your districts. Especially if you haven't bothered to heal people first! When you get to say lv 10, at least let your XP build up into 3k and higher before you rest. Gonna need it in the thousands anyways, trust me lolDismantle, don't sell.Where to find water for that damn plant?? West End. Is there a point? Dunno..Ask Johnathan.Failed hints: Look deep into the person's soul and read their minds and facial expressions to avoid failed hints. In other words...No real advice for how to avoid failed hints lmaoStamina: UPGRADE THAT STAMINA SOON AS YOU CANHandy WeaponsListon Knife: It's in the morgue. And its the best weapon for getting that blood!Priwen Stake: Vampire patient mission: Best weapon for stunning, to get that blood!Milton's Shotgun: Most powerful shotty!Talk to Lady Ashbury: Like every chance you can get BEFORE you get to her mansion. "!" will show on the map when a NPC is ready to talk to you. So pay attention! If you don't, and talk to her a 2nd time after your first meet in her mansion...well..expect some sudden dialog changes to throw you off and leave you scratching your head.Teleporting?The game says It's NOT "teleporting" You're just moving really fast! So, stop calling it teleporting, it's...yeah no, sorry, its totally teleporting. They just use "moving really fast" as crappy excuse for why you can't pass through locked gates.Overall what I think you should *not* expectThis is by all means no Legacy of Caine, Soul Reaver, Blood Omen, or Bloodlines Maquerade. Do not expect the satisfaction those epic vampire games gave you. If you haven't played any of those games..SHAME ON YOU!!! Add them to your cart NOW!! Don't expect to feel like everythings been resolved after all your efforts of resolving. There will ALWAYS be QUESTIONS.Don't expect to run through this game EZPZ cuz you were too lazy to go through the dialogs and pick up things and read. You will only give yourself a serious migrane and get super bored super fast...with even more questions left un answered. Not to mention a lot of "WTF" moments.Do not expect to max out all of your powers. Unlock all powers, or even master a single power without sacrificing the little powers that actually make the most difference in your survival.What to expect:A midly decent story. Seriosuly its not bad at all.Great voice acting. All that dialog needs good voice acting, and this game has that covered!Great music. Really love the music!A completionists dream. Even if you don't find every little thing, theres so much to find and discover. You'll feel like you did your best.Lots of missions!Big world. No fast travel...but if you're like me and love looking at the world and all its lil details...this is not a problem!Dialog. Lots n lots of dialog. Stacked with more dialog. You'll love this game if you love dialog. Did I meantion there's dialog?I would recommend this game to someone who doesn't mind a slow paced start, appreciates good dialog. Loves mysteries, single player immersion, and of course, vampires! Do you love to read? Consider yourself a casual gamer? Then this game is totally worth your hours. 
Peterkok	Not Recommended	38.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kiten/	I sucked blood only from murderers and crooks and I got bad ending where I am the bad guy... No game, I knew who to kill and even people that lived after my killings said its for the good. Even when using xp cheat i was a bit underleveled and fight system wasnt worth it. Story was also very shallow, good at the start, really bad, rushed and naive last 20% of game. Like developers had some nice and a few bad writers.
gooby pls	Not Recommended	26.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/goobygoobypls/	It's not bad, but it's not good either. It's simply "ok" action-rpg, with acceptable narrative, classic vampire image and that's about it... and yeah, it's still bugged in a noticeable way)Can't really recommend it atm. If you really wanna try - wait for the price drop.
Kalin	Not Recommended	10.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198060231010/	If you don't mind games that are dialog heavy with uninspired and boring voice acting, a combat system that fails to make it interesting or fun, or failing at a multiple choice pop quiz because you didn't give a single solitary f%@k about listening to what the last guy had to say... But you're still gonna attempt to plow through the game content because you're a sick vampire (and there's nothing better going on in your life at the moment).... Then this might be the game for you. Honestly do not trust the multitude of 8/10 or better reviews, total ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. Save your money, look elsewhere for a vampire game. This game sucks, but kudos for trying to "innovate" by making a citizen health/death consequence system, which really just feels like a public servant/social worker sim than anything that could possibly be actual fun.
Selexie	Recommended	15.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198009923574/	i really liked this game, i felt it was all i hoped it would be and im really satisfied. story is excelent and it keeps you on youre toes. the only problem i had was the combat system, not a big fan of hack and slash mechanics and i felt it would have been better with something like assassins creed combat, then the dark souls jumping around.
RoughGalaxy	Not Recommended	5.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198041869944/	Product received for free
Duchess	Not Recommended	26.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198106845424/	Combat is terrible so boring and frustratingStamina is your best firend and it shouldnt matter or let that be the factor in winning or losing fightsNot alot to being a vampire liked i hoped no stealth stuff qualites. there is one but it shouldnt be what is considered stealth.really wanted this game to be good really tried to like it, just couldn't get past the things that made it annoying and dull.does have its pros just very little pros 
Martic	Not Recommended	1.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198029693287/	Refunded based on story issues:The general opinion of the game seems to be that the combat is a bit annoying, the atmosphere is fantastic, and the story is engaging.Two of these things are true. The combat isn't that bad, but it's not really fun or satisfying either. It really doesn't detract much from the experience other than perhaps adding a bit too much tedium; It's passable for a game that was never intended to focus around combat. As for the atmosphere, it's definitely the strongest point of the entire title. It's dark, dreary, and does a fantastic job of making you feel as though you're trapped in a nightmare. I truly enjoyed exploring, despite the fact that the game ran on rails, at least for the first hour or two.Where the game really drops the ball is the story-- at least at the beginning. Yes, people will decry what I'm about to say due to the fact that I didn't play through the whole game. You're right; it might get better. Unfortunately, the opening sequences were so insufferable that I won't be around to experience it. There's no good way for me to discuss the sins committed in the first act without spoilers, so read on at your own risk. What follows will only contain information about the first ten or so minutes of the game.  The game opens and immediately I'm left feeling disoriented, and not in a good way. There's a strange audio choice that's obviously meant to simulate being in a daze due to lack of blood. In reality, because I hadn't yet established a baseline to compare it to, and I didn't know what was going on, I stopped to check all my audio devices to ensure everything was running correctly and that it wasn't a bug. Some might consider that an innocuous issue. You might be right. I found it extremely immersion breaking and that it already ruined the tone.Meanwhile, the narrator shoots off a series of #deep statements that really don't play well together at all. It was extremely off-putting. Again, jarring and awkward. The final statement in the chain isn't terrible, and so you grimace a little and get on with it.We load in and see a field of corpses. A question immediately strikes me that will pursue throughout the rest of my playtime; why should I care? The dead aren't particularly graphic or gruesome. There's no real shock factor. There's no context as to who they were, or what's transpired. I have no emotional connection whatsoever. It's simply a field of bodies. In this day and age, where graphic dismemberment is the norm, this scene just felt bland. The main character awakens, stumbles around, and decides to feast on the first thing he can get his hands on. Who? His sister, apparently. Again, I have to ask-- why should I care? I know nothing about the main character, and therefore feel no sympathy whatsoever for him as he realizes what he's done. If I can't muster up a bit of remorse on his behalf, I'm absoultely not going to do so on hers. The scenes that follow as you run through the streets of london just seem empty. The voice acting is hollow (don't get me wrong, MC has a sultry voice, but the inflections are all wrong) and doesn't translate the emotional strife, confusion, and severity of what's going on. This is especially true of the deus-ex-doctorica, who appears out of nowhere to randomly push you forward because of his connections with the secret order of the lollypop guild, or something. The characters make strange choices, acting like what's going on is completely ordinary and not at all supernatural and profane. If it weren't for the fact that the script literally reminds you over and over that you're a vampire, it would almost seem like a bad after-hours sitcom, not a supernatural thriller. Truly, the characters in the game seem to completely forget what's going on around them, opting instead to move you awkwardly from area to area in pursuit of.. well.. nothing, really. Everything feels rushed and empty. It's like the game just expects you to form a psychic link with the main character without any kind of rising impulse or background information. You have no real concrete motivations that are worth anything substantial, and you're so easily distracted that it's like watching a 20 year old male scroll through a porn website.It seems like there might have been a different first act-- one that was cut. The doctor arrives in London, experiences the war, visitis his mother, spends time running around town passing out medicine with his sister, and ultimately culminates in the massacre that was the opening cutscene.  Perhaps these scenes are sprinkled throughout the game in a series of flashbacks. Sadly, it doesn't matter-- it's too late. I have zero investment in any of the characters, and with the refund window closing, I had to make the hard choice to send it back. Honestly, if this half-hour or so of gameplay had been present at opening, it would have been an  entirely  different experience. As it was, I played for an hour and a half and felt nothing for anyone at all. Tl:dr: Combat isn't that bad. Atmosphere is great. Story does absolutely nothing to make you connect with or feel for the characters in any way whatsoever, at least in the beginning. Feels like the first act was cut. I'll probably buy it again when it's down to $19.99. That's what I'd be willing to risk based on what I experienced.
Ordolph	Not Recommended	11.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Ordolph/	Excellent for the first 5 hours or so. Gets to the point where enemies are impossibly strong to fight, even if you embrace citizens. Combat mechanics are clunky and annoying, enemies will clearly miss an attack, and then warp to hit you anyway.
TictacTactics	Recommended	30.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TacticalTictacs/	An excellent game, and I hope to see more content in Vampyr's setting.Covers great story elements on the difference between being a physical monster, and what it means to be truly monstrous.
WishManiac	Recommended	24.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/WishManiac/	 My RPG disappointment of the year,but not a bad enough game to give it a negative review It seems I am more or less halfway through the game,but I feel that I can already leave a review. Technical side The games built on the latest Unreal Engine seem to be a hit or miss and this one is a miss unfortunately.The game looks average in terms of graphics(I am not talking about the location design,but about the textures and the effects) and unfortunately isn't optimised very well.On the GTX980 for about 70% of the time on High/Ultra settings I get 60 fps,but in some places it always drops even to as low as 30 fps despite the size of location and number of objects on the screen.The biggest problem are crashes - during 8 hours of gameplay the game crashed to desktop 3 times and I guess there's more to come.Besides that the camera goes crazy from time to time,especially during the conversations and it's extremely easy to make your character walk by himself in a random direction.Locking on targets is also pretty buggy and happens to target even some enemies being out of your sight or behind the walls.  Fighting Unfortunately nothing spectacular here.It is playable and can be enjoyable,but it lacks something.The game's pretty easy if you use your stamina properly.I didn't have any problems with enemies even with 16 levels higher than mine.It seems that if you want to get the good ending,your game is slightly harder,because you cannot kill the innocent,missing a lot of experience points,thus you get the upgrades much later.Ergo: if you wanna be a good guy,you pay for it with your time and difficulty level. Story Vampyr is a game with tons on dialogues and pretty interesting background,but... I haven't finished the game yet,but I feel slightly disappointed so far.You can have pretty much the same conversation with a given character multiple times.The characters are mostly shallow and uninteresting.As I mentioned and what was advertised as a big feature of the game - you can kill almost everyone you meet,what's nice,but besides that it doesn't seem like a lot of your choices matter,except for the main story events.So you can be a righteous man or a merciless vampire,but being a righteous man doesn't feel right in many situations.What I mean is: you discover that a person you met is a soulless bastard,but you click through all the dialogues and you can't do anything to make them pay somehow for their wrongdoings.Also: it's fine to bite and kill hundreds vampire hunters(which,by the way, are the only people that can tell that our protagonist is a bloodsucker,because of reasons...they can see better in a middle of the night,than anyone else,talking with Jonathan face to face.Sure,just ignore his slightly too long fangs and those crazy red eyes and vains on his face.That's probably an effect of a hangover) ,but killing a heartless nurse or any other NPC,you can have a conversation with is a big no-no.Well,the hunters will respawn anyways,but a nurse or a priest has only one life - that's how it works in the real life!Sidequests are dull and schematic.Also the districts' state and what affects it is a joke.Heal a headache of that worker and a fatigue of that prostitute or otherwise the districs will descend into eternal darkness.REALLY?Also the construction of the map resulting from the RPG nature of the game is illogical.Our jolly pal has got vampiric superpowers and can jump/teleport to the other side of the river,but not here and not now,because behind that corner are very big,bad men who will hurt your skinny,vampiric buttocks with their belts for being a naughty little boy. Conclusion/TL;DR  The game shines when it comes to the setting - 20th century London,fighting with a plague is very climatic. Going back and forth through the same locations and facing pretty much the same enemies located in the same places becomes tedious with time. Fighting is average,schematic and quickly gets boring. It looks like DONTNOD tried to do too much,having too little resources. Most of the choices are illusory and the characters are shallow. The most important mechanics in the game are poorly designed. The events and world construction are incoherent. 
Henrik	Not Recommended	36.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198036864196/	I really wanted to like this game and there are things I like about it. It has some interesting and unique mechanics when it comes to blood-drinking, npc-interaction and powers. And unlike Vampire Masquerade feeding is more than just filling the bloodbar when doing it outside battle. The game has so much potential.But the combat is such a large part of the game and it is just horrible. It feels clunky and both player-tracking and enemy-tracking is god awful. It is so much less about your skill in a fight but your numbers vs the enemies and their numbers.I can only recomend the game to someone who really want to play a vampire-game but even then there are other games.
The Beard With The Pyro	Not Recommended	38.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/MysteriousCakeLovingPyro/	Product received for free
Dashu	Not Recommended	16.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197966515096/	Can't recommend the game at this point.The story seems decent so far. The dialogue system were you have to gather hints to unlock further lines is interesting although the NPCs react too little to what's happening around them.But nothing can save the combat system. It's boring and repetitive in itself but on top of that it's simply broken. Your attacks only hit when you lock on an opponent. The locked opponent switches permanently, turning your character in random directions, and making it almost impossible to navigate correctly. So dodging is incredibly frustrating or simply not possible.Getting rid of weaker opponents so the strongest opponent is the only possible target and working around that bug is impossible for most boss encounters since the "adds" will respawn endlessly.
Dinoabunai	Not Recommended	1.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198007120925/	The game positioned as open-world RPG.Well, it's totally on rails and there is no RPG.Your choises didn't affect a thing. Battle system is super-boring. There is very few abilities and they are super-boring.Zero replayability. I really don't understand why it got so many good reviews.Probably from some young players, that didn't know what is "Vampire the Masquerade: Redemtion" and "VtM: Bloodlines".But seriously this game is a no go and it's heavily overpriced, even with 25% discount.So I'll ask for refund. 
ReaganSMAAAAASH	Not Recommended	0.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ReaganSMAAAAASH/	I gave it about 40 minutes and refunded..Great soundtrack, great atmosphere, and a great idea. However, I think it was all brought down with an extremely poor and boring combat system.. I can not recommend at $50. I would definitely re-buy it at $20-$30. I ceartainly feel that the story would be worth that price. Wait until it's discounted.
Merciful	Recommended	14.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Merciful762/	Despite the messy and weird combat, I think this game is a success, its fun, and a great roleplay experiance. The devs knew what they were doing for sure. Being able to feed in order to gain more power and grow stronger is fun, but will have huge consequences, while taking care of citizens and being the nice guy in general will grant you a more alive environment and a better ending but will result in a harder game difficulty.Pros:1. Unique bosses2. Great story3. Choices matter4. A great roleplay experiance5. Interesting citizens  Notes: Some of them you want to kill, some others you feel bad for them, and some of them freak you out, its hard to explain, but if you play the game yourself you'll see what I mean, especially if you play the bad guy who kills everyone! 5. You will replay the game more then once, since there are a lot of random events and more interesting stuff such as collectibles and achivements.Cons:1.No crouching system  Notes: The current stealth system is called "Walking towards an enemy with 25% of them noticing you"2. Messy and cheap combat system3. While the bosses are unqiue and all have different abilities, all of them are easy to defeat, only two that's avrage and one which is literally dark souls ultra hard level.Sooo... In my opinion, I'd say this game is somewhere between "wait for a sale" and "worth the price" 
hadzic45	Not Recommended	50.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/hugeboobies/	The game is way too much of a grindfest, and I feel like the game was not properly balanced. You are only given 5-10 exp points for killing the enemy that is three or four levels higher than you. That is total ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.  As many people have already pointed out that the game is a grind especially if you do not want to kill any of the NPCs. The game was fun in the beginning, but the politically correct storyline and the ♥♥♥♥ing grind just made it that much worse for me. Furthermore, the ending was just god awful and had me thinking of why did I spend so much time on this game. I would wait for this game to be heavily discounted before buying it if you want to give it a chance. Other than that, I would not play this game at all.   
Moonsugar	Not Recommended	36.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kotekkapcioszek/	Sorry to write this but this game is a 7/10 - average/ok/to play once at best and forget categorie. I admit that people who wrote “this game is excellent” review, fascinate me. And I write ‘sorry’ cause I've been waiting for this autumnal production for a long time and I have to say that I'm just disappointed. It’s not like everything about this game is bad, but there are things that simply cannot be forgiven.Bad things:- Camera - super annoying aspect of this game. It turns in such an angles, that you don’t see any attacking opponents. You can easily be blocked by some walls, or trash cans, and be damaged badly (it’s something common on low levels)- Aiming at opponents is a joke, because of that I rarely use firearms - Camera + Aiming = clumsy combat that looks like this: dash, dash, dash, change angle, do 1 hit and dash to change angle - repeat this to the end of game- I have a feeling that searching for clues about characters is pointless, choices DO NOT matter that much and actually, only few characters’ stories seems to be interesting- 99% of side quests that look like this: Scenario#1 Speak to NPC -> go and find out that some random guy is dead -> get back to that person and tell him that the guy is dead -> the end; or Scenario#2 Found an object -> speak with an object owner -> Give him the object -> the end - Overall same pointless feeling about buying/selling things, and collecting some stuff. I have like tons of things in my inventory, not to be use even once. I bought only few things to upgrade my weapon, that’s all. I have no idea why they bother to put some shopkeepers in this game- On higher levels I stopped caring about NPC’s health, I mean, you can get some additional exp points if you give them medicine, but visiting every single person in town because they have a headache or some cold is just super tiring and annoying… you will not receive any side quest or special dialogue for doing that (and I don’t care much about bonus exp from their healthy blood, because I play in more pacifistic way)- Difficulty Level is very unbalanced. When your character is low level you are struggling through every fight, after upgrading weapons to level 3 and higher - you’re a god and it’s super hard to find some challenging opponents- Lady Ashbury’s relationship progress - seems somehow forced and awkward- Generally lack of worth remembering characters or scenes… - Worth to mention: animations are wood (if you played games like Elex, you will know :))Good things:- Very climatic settings, rainy London looks pretty! There are few interesting locations- Matching Soundtrack - it’s not something to remember, but it suits Vampyr well- Main character is convincing, I think he can be likeable- Few rare moments of horror and eeriness- Vampire powers are fun :) - Vampire Masquerade Bloodlines is still the best vampire game ever made
Haze	Not Recommended	29.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198340977834/	I wish I could give this game a neutral review. After I finished this game in about 24 hours I must confess that I'm dissapointed. I expected to be blown away by this game. Instead, I spent half the time filled with Rage and Frustation because as KB\M user combat is trully an annoyance as I couldn't auto-lock targets. I have never been able to make this work. I have set the auto-lock in the gameplay options to ON but it doesn't seems to work. Furthermore I checked the key bindings and the only options available there is to toggle enemy lock. I miss almost half of my attack especially with firearms as Reid shoots directly in front of Him instead of the enemys. In addition to this, the camera is very unfriendly if I don't use lock on in combat. The combat itself is boring and unrewarding because we practically fight trashmob over and over with an occasional mini boss, which is rare. Another thing that I want to add is the lack of difficulty slider, so casual player like me which focuse on the story rather than the combat could enjoy the game, This is very annoying considering we spend half of the time in game in combat. Crafting is also trash and the skill tree is meh. In short the gameplay is bad.Vampyr shines through its stories and the interaction with NPCs, which is great in my opinion. Basically there are 2 version of stories in this game: Good Run and Bad Run.- The good run (Pacifist) which is trying to save all the district while trying not to feed on any citizen is bland and boring because the entire core of Vampyr revolve around its citizen mechanic that depends upon feeding citizens and the reaction of NPCs from such murders. The only cool thing in this scenario is the epilogue cutscene which shows you that london is saved.- The Bad run (License to Kill) Feed on anybody that you desire and life with the consequences, seriously. This scenario is much much more interesting because the citizen mechanics works as advertised.I reaaly want to give this game a high score but sadly I cannot do so because combat is such an annoyance and unnecessary filler that actually ruins the immersion espescially if you play this game with KB\M. This is a big bad considering we spend half of the time in game in combat fighting unlimited overpowered trash mob.VERDICTSCORE: 7\10Pros:- SUPERB protagonist voice acting but the NPCs aren't that great- The environtment is very immersive- Great Soundtrack- Citizen Mechanics- Good art style design that really suit the game- Good but not great story (in my opinion 7.8\10)Cons:- Combat is bad, unrewarding, and an unnecessary filler; considering we spend about half the gameplay in combat.- Animation, especially facial animation is disgusting- Short, about 20h but could be shorter if you avoid most sidequest.- Control is not KB\M friendly.- Walk is hold not toggle, which is a huge annoyance and immersion breakingNOT WORTH THE FULL PRICE, WAIT FOR SALE FOR AT LEAST 50%-Side note-There is a workaround if you hate the combat and only interested in the story:UNLIMITED XPSo what you have to do is go to a bed and go to your power trees, and select a skill and right when the screen transitions to the selected skill press the letter O and the letter P at the same time.For whatever reason your XP will go up. After you spend all your magical xp on skills that you desire and max your level in the process (LVl 50). In this state you would probably kill enemys with only 1-3 hits which makes combat a breezeeee
VARRAKK	Not Recommended	8.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198020514557/	Combat is this game is so poorly designed I gave up on it.Seems designed for gamepads.Boss fights and endless button mashing festival. Hit them twice, dodge. Repeat untill healthbar is depleted.Voice acting is so strange, some lines spoken is super load.So random it's an bizarre experience.In the world, you will encounter areas which has textures of such poor quality it seems to be from a decade ago.And in the middle of it, there can be something thats super detailed.
ShootinPutin93	Recommended	58.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197986261494/	Its good, really good. Its like a mix of deus ex and bio shock. The combat is simplistic and can be described average at best, so as much as I hate to do this comparsion think of it as a poor mans version of Dark Souls. Where the games makes up is in atmosphere and story telling which in my opinion more than makes up for the other flaws the game has. As of the release date, I have ran into very few if any technical issues. On the downside, I dont think I would pay full price for this game I am just a sucker for the vampire RPG genre. So if you are on the fence I would wait till its at least $30.  3/5 Full price4/5 if its on sale.
GabrielKD	Recommended	20.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/gabrielkd/	An excellent game for what it is. A lot of people expected something entirely different from it and were... disappointed.That's why refund exists.I for one enjoy it greatly, love the world setting and dialogues, the dark tone and story.I could complain about what I would've like it to be, but for what it is, it is excellent.A few points:- while combat is fully functional mechanically and accurate it feels a bit undewhelming, it could've been more extended, as it stands it is serviceable; at the very least the ultimates feel satisfying;- I choose to not kill anyone (when I have a choice) so my level progression is slowed down to a crawl, I always fight enemies far beyong my level; the combat is not difficult and the self heal you have at your disposal feels like cheating, one wrong move and you're pretty much dead; as long as you don't egt hit you're in for a win against even the worst enemies;- I find the "live with the consequences"style of save system to be a bother, it is nearly impossible to guess what certain choice will cause long term and some dialogue choices can be vague; it leaves me compelled to use a guide for my choice, I have no time to do multiple playthroughs (my backlog of games is unending);Overall an excelent game despite its various shortcomings coming mostly from skewed expectations. 
Ɲɨɢɦȶɮʀɛɛɖ⛧	Not Recommended	1.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/nightbreed82/	My playtime is low because I'm refunding Vampyr for now. I'll rebuy when it's around $20 or less. In a nutshell, here are my thoughts after 1.5 hours of gameplay.+ Audio is amazing, especially the score.+ The setting is one of my favorites.+ The Citizen System is a great, unique idea.- The textures are terrible, even on high settings. They have that slimey but blurry "modern" appearance.- Gameplay is too restrictive. You can only perform certain actions when the game needs you to.- Dr. Reid accuses people of giving him bad info even if he never talked to them before.- Linear environments with little to no open areas.- Only the dialog options marked as "informative" seem to be of any use.- Movement is janky and your character feels top-heavy.- A lot of backtracking and respawning enemies.- Feels like a point-n-click game with combat tacked on as an after-thought.Conclusion: It's just janky overall. The best part is the audio. The incredible setting, which I should love, seems empty, uninteresting, and somewhat dull. I can see how managing a balance between healing, killing, and sparing lives could be fun...but it's fun that I'll be having at $20 invested, not $45.
New Player, Be Nice	Not Recommended	7.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ImpalaPUA/	What boggles my mind is why have such an advanced combat/skill point system when the game is mostly dialog. That being said, the dialog is boring. You never really make a connection with any of the characters. The idea behind the game was amazing, but the execution; lackluster.I can't recommend a game this short for the price tag they have it at.❤ Audience ❤☑ Beginner☑ Casual Gamer☑ Normal Gamer☐ Expert☼ Graphics ☼☐ Bad☐ Alright☑ Good☐ Beautiful ☐ Fantastic-I have a 1080ti and it still looks bad, aka console port♬ Music ♬☐ Bad☐ Alright☑ Good ☐ Beautiful☐ Fantastic -I enjoyed it, but nothing was so great that it was stuck in my head.☠ Difficulty ☠☑ Easy☑ Average☑ Hard ☑ Unfair§ Bugs §☐ Bugs destroy the game☑ Lots of bugs☑ Few Bugs☐ Nothing encountered- I personally only encountered a few bugs, but issues on the discussions report a lot☯ Story ☯☐ There is none☐ Bad☐ Alright☑ Good ☐ Fantastic- Could have been so much more, seemed rushed⚔ Gameplay ⚔☑ Frustrating☐ Sleepy☐ Boring☑ Fun☐ Challenging- Camera and movement are terrible$ Price / Quality $☐ Full price☑ Wait for Sale ☑ Don't buy☑ Refund it if you can
tzintzis4	Recommended	54.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198007287455/	Very interesting mechanics about the games npc characters, and great atmosphere. Brings a lot of life to the world you play in, which you can also alter heavily depending on your actions. Sometimes consequences of what you do can be really unforeseen. Midway still yet the game has a strong grip on me.... Even scratches a bit that decades old "vampire the masquerade"itch ...
Crowzer	Not Recommended	15.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/crowzer/	Vampyr is part of a few games that I have rushed to the end. Actually I'm torn between 'recommended' and 'not recommended'. I like Dotnod so that's why I insta-bought it, but I would haven't or at small price.Yes, the visuals are really awesome, London is well made and immersive. Story is god but to be honest... that's all. Let's talk about bad things:- Combats are a large part of gameplay but there are uninteresting and clunky as hell. It makes Vampyr frustrating because you cannot avoid them. The kind of stuff which kill the game. - Talking, you spent most of the time to talk with NPCs. - Pretty long loading time even on SSD- It's a RPG, beside weapons and skills no visuals customization.- Choices have weak consquencesWell, finally I don't recommend Vampyr.
Gorillastache	Not Recommended	10.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198032773979/	Some initial impressions. Will update as I progress.At first blush this is not a game worth $50. Here's a checklist of why:1. Combat: After the whack combat in Remeber Me I did not have high hopes for this area of the game and I was not disappointed. It's one of the most simplistic action combat systems I have played. You can dodge, attack with one of two weapons, and use your vampire powers. Its not terrible, certainly better than their last attempt at action combat, but Devil May Cry or the Witcher this is not.What's sad is that the game seems to choose this at its point of focus and the combat is not strong enough to carry the game.2. Story. So far I am disappointed here. The idea was so intriguing from what I read and watched that I was hoping it would carry the game. But so far it certainly has not. It may get better but so far its extremely ham handed and overly serious. You can tell the game takes itself way too seriously. The intro sequence where they say extremely verbose, edgy as sh*t stuff like "What is glass but tortured sand?" or "What is darkness but lurking sun?" gives you a very good idea that the game thinks a ton of itself and is going to seriously and soberly remind you of this fact throughout your playtime.In addition the game says it will be harder if you choose not to feed. However this doesn't apply to enemies you kill in combat. Dishonored or Metro this is not. You can kill all the people you want in combat with no meaningful story consequences if you want to be good. I ate the first guy I had a chance to and the game said I would soon experience the consequences. When they came they were not at all meaningful. Just don't expect being good to still be fun as you get large chunks of xp, far more than killing enemies, from feeding on people outside combat. You then rest and spend that xp on skills. Think Final Fantasy 15 except you get to choose skills when you level. Meaning if you don't feed you will be underpowered. Maybe there is a payoff for this but so far I haven't seen it.3. Setting. I bought this game expecting mediocre at best combat and rpg mechanics and so far my expectations have been met. But because I love gothic horror settings and there are so few of them in games I had to give this a shot. Alas, everything looks so boring. I realize Gothic horror is supposed to be dark and moody but making this into an interesting setting is achieved by adding some contrast to an otherwise dark and muted world. But there isn't any here. Instead everything is just grey and lifeless. Furthermore, the facial animations are also quite wooden with little going on beyond the mouth moving. It's a shame that the so far good voice acting is not matched with equally interesting faces. In addition they ignore common vampire tropes while embracing others and its quite maddening. The main character can see himself in a mirror, but is still rendered useless by a crucifix. He dies from being bit and resurrects as a vampire but bites others and they just die. The inconsistency is frustrating to say the least. I have no problems with them doing their own take on vampires (I love the way The Witcher handles them and they are decidedly not traditional) but there are expectations people bring with them about what vampires are and what they do. Subvert them or follow them all you want, but make it clear what you are doing. Here its just confusing.Overall, I would say wait for a sale. I can see potential for some enjoyment here but not enough to make $50 a good investment.
King Baldwin IV	Recommended	7.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/DarthZoddo/	First impression review, will update after finishing it!SPOILER FREE______________________________________The trailers are accurately showing you what this game is about.The world is somewhat open-world, with npcs, enemies and loot to find.Since this is an impression review, i'll be talking only about gameplay mechanics and thus spoiler free ;)The game starts off relatively strong by providing some story, some feels and some agressive gameplay.I got hyped getting my first weapon and I couldn't wait slicing up some humans.The first enemy I encountered was very easy to kill, it only took me 3 hits and he didn't strike back. (or i didn't give him the chance to strike back).This worried me from the start, as it felt that this might be a game where the enemies are not challenging at all.Soon the game steadily increased the enemies I encountered with some variations to make it more difficult, with some enemies also shooting at you.Again I was dissapointed, the projectile of the weapons were extremely slow. The tutorial said I had to dodge them with spacebar, but I could avoid them just by running...And again the enemies went down quick without really much of a fight... and I didn't got hit once...Later you are required to spend some skill points, one that is mandatory that will heal you by drinking your own blood. And one you can freely choose from three agressive skill tree choices.These three change your vampiric combat style, as a strategist I took the one with good damage and range from all sorts of ranges.Then the game tells you enemies are strong against certain types of attacks (firearms, melee, blood etc.).But I didn't really find any to be of problems, because you can stun enemies and then attack them or dodge and attack them because you're faster then them.______________________The RPG elements:As a vampire you need blood, which the game perfectly replicates here.You can choose your victims, and the more you know about them the more EXP you get when drinking their blood.Them being dead also affects the world, because there's a spanish flu and killing people destabilizes the city for some reason.Other consequences i haven't encountered yet.there are a variety of dialogue options, and what you're trying mostly to do is to get information out of people. So then that you can decide who you want to kill and who not.People also have a certain amount of level attached to them, so you can't start drinking everybody...The game has a craftings system aswell, with recipes for consumeables.And the upgrade system for weapons requires ingredients, and you can have your weapon have passive abilities aswell._____________________________Overall:I expected the enemies to be tougher, especially early on. But the combat is satisfying and not clunky at all, except for target switching.The story is interesting, but no spoilers here.The world is relatively boring, except for the enemies here and there and the npcs which give out quests....You're a vampire requiring blood, and you have manner of ways of achieving this and you get some cool abilities aswell. So this is a solid vampire game.
TurtleGuile180	Not Recommended	13.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198048151802/	I tried to enjoy this game but I just couldn't continue with the awful gameplay and mechanics. I don't know how this game has so many positive reviews.
Altona Falcon	Recommended	64.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/altonafalcon/	I won't talk about the combat mechanics, but rather I'll focus on the psychological and moral impacts of the game. We're faced with all kinds of 21st-century issues in the game: homophobia, immigrants, and above all- doctor's morality. Being a young blood in life it's overwhelming for me and it weighs heavily every time I choose something, but I love it.It's really interesting how there's no difficulty, but it's what you do that decides how hard the game can be. You're weak and levelling slowly af if you choose not to kill, but as the game progresses you see the depth of every NPC and how their deaths would antagonize others around him, so... I just can't bring myself to kill anyone.Great game. I can't figure out why people can possibly downvote this.
Vexlar	Recommended	52.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197970360389/	Great game, lore and story so far, my only gripe I have is the combat system being lock target, but thats just something that I'm personally not used to and so shouldn't really reflect badly on the game.
Rose	Recommended	40.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/rozziroxx/	Being a fan of the Life is Strange series and fiction related to vampires and other supernatural beings, putting Vampyr on my wishlist was a no-brainer. Then a friend bought it for me, making it the most expensive game gift I've ever got.I haven't pre-ordered or purchased a game on day one since 2010, so the wait was quite exciting, even though I hadn't watched a single video of the game, wishing to just see it with my own eyes.At launch it turned out the game had no proper ultrawide support despite a number of developer comments having stated otherwise. I was thinking of asking for a refund until I came up with a memory hack for it on the next day, the same minute a community fix was released.So I finally discarded my disappointment as I got to look at the game rather than only its technical side.The first cinematic wasn't a blast but then the gameplay mechanics, conversations and further cutscenes quickly improved upon it.The game world is beautifully made and atmospheric. It makes you think of the Jack the Ripper or Salem times at night. I remember seeing a review or a post that compared the game to The Witcher. The comparison most definitely makes sense. You can fight, acquire and use a variety of weapons, level up, choose skills and abilities, talk to many characters and ask them many questions, sometimes being presented with dialogue choices that can't be undone. You can also craft, trade, and pick up side quests. The game has all the main elements of an RPG.All that is set in an open world (city) accompanied by a great soundtrack of string instruments and occasionally more modern tones creating a melancholic mood fitting the narrative.Four hours into it, there's nothing boring as I want to explore the world, find out more about its characters, engage in combat and discover the rest of the story.
King Baldwin IV	Recommended	7.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/DarthZoddo/	First impression review, will update after finishing it!SPOILER FREE______________________________________The trailers are accurately showing you what this game is about.The world is somewhat open-world, with npcs, enemies and loot to find.Since this is an impression review, i'll be talking only about gameplay mechanics and thus spoiler free ;)The game starts off relatively strong by providing some story, some feels and some agressive gameplay.I got hyped getting my first weapon and I couldn't wait slicing up some humans.The first enemy I encountered was very easy to kill, it only took me 3 hits and he didn't strike back. (or i didn't give him the chance to strike back).This worried me from the start, as it felt that this might be a game where the enemies are not challenging at all.Soon the game steadily increased the enemies I encountered with some variations to make it more difficult, with some enemies also shooting at you.Again I was dissapointed, the projectile of the weapons were extremely slow. The tutorial said I had to dodge them with spacebar, but I could avoid them just by running...And again the enemies went down quick without really much of a fight... and I didn't got hit once...Later you are required to spend some skill points, one that is mandatory that will heal you by drinking your own blood. And one you can freely choose from three agressive skill tree choices.These three change your vampiric combat style, as a strategist I took the one with good damage and range from all sorts of ranges.Then the game tells you enemies are strong against certain types of attacks (firearms, melee, blood etc.).But I didn't really find any to be of problems, because you can stun enemies and then attack them or dodge and attack them because you're faster then them.______________________The RPG elements:As a vampire you need blood, which the game perfectly replicates here.You can choose your victims, and the more you know about them the more EXP you get when drinking their blood.Them being dead also affects the world, because there's a spanish flu and killing people destabilizes the city for some reason.Other consequences i haven't encountered yet.there are a variety of dialogue options, and what you're trying mostly to do is to get information out of people. So then that you can decide who you want to kill and who not.People also have a certain amount of level attached to them, so you can't start drinking everybody...The game has a craftings system aswell, with recipes for consumeables.And the upgrade system for weapons requires ingredients, and you can have your weapon have passive abilities aswell._____________________________Overall:I expected the enemies to be tougher, especially early on. But the combat is satisfying and not clunky at all, except for target switching.The story is interesting, but no spoilers here.The world is relatively boring, except for the enemies here and there and the npcs which give out quests....You're a vampire requiring blood, and you have manner of ways of achieving this and you get some cool abilities aswell. So this is a solid vampire game.
Catroast	Not Recommended	255.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/catroast/	I'm having fun playing Vampyr, but I have questions about the motivations behind the dialogue. It almost reads like a manifesto supporting certain viewpoints that weren't even around in that era. Be skeptical with these developers.
Big Al the Exquisite Meme Man	Recommended	11.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/niggabuttchicken/	This game allowed me to use my powers as a vampire for good by hunting down and killing members of the Communist Party.
⚡️HUNTER⚡	Recommended	28.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/yoyohunter34/	"Too weak as a Action-RPG, Too Strong as a Narrative Undergo"From the very start it feels really good. This is a game intended for audiences that can appreciate the writing and the intellectual entertainment. The combat is not bad, but evidently it's not the focus of the game.The music and the atmosphere are just fan-tas-tic. The animations are janky, specially the side characters, but I don't think that makes the narrative aspect any less good. This is not a AAA game after all.It is certainly shaggy in the technical department, but its narrative still gonna make for an impactful and worthwhile experience.Its have feel like a 60's Movie to it."What is Life , but not Death pending ?"Update - After playing nearly 5 hours .. all i can say the Character system is really good , and consequnces depending on ur choices is like SO Dontnod . The combat gets better as u starts to unlock more and more powers but it will be depended on every player bcoz if u kill more and more then u get more XP to use otherwise if u spare people its not variant anymore . The game gives me a SHerlock Vibe or u can say that Dr. Reid is more like House MD (TV Series). Though the game is not for everyone, i will still ask everyone to give it a try .[ Cons - Combat, Optimization, Bugs, Vague Facial Expressions ][ Pros - Storyline, Social system , Choices varies Consequences, Deep In-game Elements, Investigations, World Creation ]My Rating - 7.5/10
Altona Falcon	Recommended	64.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/altonafalcon/	I won't talk about the combat mechanics, but rather I'll focus on the psychological and moral impacts of the game. We're faced with all kinds of 21st-century issues in the game: homophobia, immigrants, and above all- doctor's morality. Being a young blood in life it's overwhelming for me and it weighs heavily every time I choose something, but I love it.It's really interesting how there's no difficulty, but it's what you do that decides how hard the game can be. You're weak and levelling slowly af if you choose not to kill, but as the game progresses you see the depth of every NPC and how their deaths would antagonize others around him, so... I just can't bring myself to kill anyone.Great game. I can't figure out why people can possibly downvote this.
Evie	Recommended	74.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/EvieKray/	This game is amazing, whether you're an old hardcore Vampire: The Masquerade - Bloodlines fan, or just someone who likes triple-A games with a couple of unique, dark twists.The features are amazing and you really have to think before you 'embrace' someone (AKA drink their blood, killing them and gaining power for yourself). Every citizen will change its district for the better or worse, depending on your choices. Some choices may seem good but have evil come out of it instead.This game isn't a hardcore RPG, but let me tell you, it's made me want to replay Vampire: The Masquerade - Bloodlines again. It really has that dark, melancholic feel of a world run by dark creatures and I wholly enjoy the story. The story is the main part of the game and it is the best part of it, as well - in my opinion. Combat is a part of it, quests are also a part of it - but what makes the game really great is the actual storytelling. It is to die for (dying, ironically being near-impossible for an undead).
SleepyFruitBat	Recommended	23.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198066066802/	Ok, just beat Vampyr and ready to post a review! I'll start off by saying it was a pretty good game, but with some flaws I'll mention down the line.First, the story. I was a fan of the story. It was a fun, active, vampiric drama that kept me going to wonder how all this would end all while trying to keep the city alive... even if all 4 pillars in my game died. XD I still managed to keep all the districts above critical mostly! It was very interesting, trying to both balance the fact that I could level up faster if I killed off people, but the ending would suffer in return.Then there's the combat system which was... ok? I'm gonna say it was ok. The abilities were cool lookin and it was easy to level up, even with embracing only a single person the whole way through, but that is about it. The combat itself could have been better. I died twice by getting my♥♥♥♥♥stuck between a brawler and a trash can or a fence.Visually, the game is brilliant. I love the overall look of the game, and the characters look awesome.Finally, just a kind of gripes and suggestions I got for if this game will ever find a sequel. In terms of the social structure mechanic, I just felt like it was incomplete. Like it could have been more grand and had a few additional touches. Like people killed being replaced by new, random characters, or being able to replace Pillars with vampiric thralls/progenies just to improve the replayability of the game itself. Kinda like if Middle-Earth: Shadow of War's Nemesis System made a love child with this Social Mechanic. That is what I would like to see if this game ever gets a sequel.Overall: 7.5/10 It was not the best Vampire game out there, but it was a blast to play through and alot of tense fun. If you like a sort of one off story with decent combat and a fun mechanic to incentivise you to not be an♥♥♥♥♥to the mortal sheep, here you go. XD
TurtleGuile180	Not Recommended	13.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198048151802/	I tried to enjoy this game but I just couldn't continue with the awful gameplay and mechanics. I don't know how this game has so many positive reviews.
SleepyFruitBat	Recommended	23.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198066066802/	Ok, just beat Vampyr and ready to post a review! I'll start off by saying it was a pretty good game, but with some flaws I'll mention down the line.First, the story. I was a fan of the story. It was a fun, active, vampiric drama that kept me going to wonder how all this would end all while trying to keep the city alive... even if all 4 pillars in my game died. XD I still managed to keep all the districts above critical mostly! It was very interesting, trying to both balance the fact that I could level up faster if I killed off people, but the ending would suffer in return.Then there's the combat system which was... ok? I'm gonna say it was ok. The abilities were cool lookin and it was easy to level up, even with embracing only a single person the whole way through, but that is about it. The combat itself could have been better. I died twice by getting my♥♥♥♥♥stuck between a brawler and a trash can or a fence.Visually, the game is brilliant. I love the overall look of the game, and the characters look awesome.Finally, just a kind of gripes and suggestions I got for if this game will ever find a sequel. In terms of the social structure mechanic, I just felt like it was incomplete. Like it could have been more grand and had a few additional touches. Like people killed being replaced by new, random characters, or being able to replace Pillars with vampiric thralls/progenies just to improve the replayability of the game itself. Kinda like if Middle-Earth: Shadow of War's Nemesis System made a love child with this Social Mechanic. That is what I would like to see if this game ever gets a sequel.Overall: 7.5/10 It was not the best Vampire game out there, but it was a blast to play through and alot of tense fun. If you like a sort of one off story with decent combat and a fun mechanic to incentivise you to not be an♥♥♥♥♥to the mortal sheep, here you go. XD
King Baldwin IV	Recommended	7.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/DarthZoddo/	First impression review, will update after finishing it!SPOILER FREE______________________________________The trailers are accurately showing you what this game is about.The world is somewhat open-world, with npcs, enemies and loot to find.Since this is an impression review, i'll be talking only about gameplay mechanics and thus spoiler free ;)The game starts off relatively strong by providing some story, some feels and some agressive gameplay.I got hyped getting my first weapon and I couldn't wait slicing up some humans.The first enemy I encountered was very easy to kill, it only took me 3 hits and he didn't strike back. (or i didn't give him the chance to strike back).This worried me from the start, as it felt that this might be a game where the enemies are not challenging at all.Soon the game steadily increased the enemies I encountered with some variations to make it more difficult, with some enemies also shooting at you.Again I was dissapointed, the projectile of the weapons were extremely slow. The tutorial said I had to dodge them with spacebar, but I could avoid them just by running...And again the enemies went down quick without really much of a fight... and I didn't got hit once...Later you are required to spend some skill points, one that is mandatory that will heal you by drinking your own blood. And one you can freely choose from three agressive skill tree choices.These three change your vampiric combat style, as a strategist I took the one with good damage and range from all sorts of ranges.Then the game tells you enemies are strong against certain types of attacks (firearms, melee, blood etc.).But I didn't really find any to be of problems, because you can stun enemies and then attack them or dodge and attack them because you're faster then them.______________________The RPG elements:As a vampire you need blood, which the game perfectly replicates here.You can choose your victims, and the more you know about them the more EXP you get when drinking their blood.Them being dead also affects the world, because there's a spanish flu and killing people destabilizes the city for some reason.Other consequences i haven't encountered yet.there are a variety of dialogue options, and what you're trying mostly to do is to get information out of people. So then that you can decide who you want to kill and who not.People also have a certain amount of level attached to them, so you can't start drinking everybody...The game has a craftings system aswell, with recipes for consumeables.And the upgrade system for weapons requires ingredients, and you can have your weapon have passive abilities aswell._____________________________Overall:I expected the enemies to be tougher, especially early on. But the combat is satisfying and not clunky at all, except for target switching.The story is interesting, but no spoilers here.The world is relatively boring, except for the enemies here and there and the npcs which give out quests....You're a vampire requiring blood, and you have manner of ways of achieving this and you get some cool abilities aswell. So this is a solid vampire game.
TurtleGuile180	Not Recommended	13.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198048151802/	I tried to enjoy this game but I just couldn't continue with the awful gameplay and mechanics. I don't know how this game has so many positive reviews.
⚡️HUNTER⚡	Recommended	28.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/yoyohunter34/	"Too weak as a Action-RPG, Too Strong as a Narrative Undergo"From the very start it feels really good. This is a game intended for audiences that can appreciate the writing and the intellectual entertainment. The combat is not bad, but evidently it's not the focus of the game.The music and the atmosphere are just fan-tas-tic. The animations are janky, specially the side characters, but I don't think that makes the narrative aspect any less good. This is not a AAA game after all.It is certainly shaggy in the technical department, but its narrative still gonna make for an impactful and worthwhile experience.Its have feel like a 60's Movie to it."What is Life , but not Death pending ?"Update - After playing nearly 5 hours .. all i can say the Character system is really good , and consequnces depending on ur choices is like SO Dontnod . The combat gets better as u starts to unlock more and more powers but it will be depended on every player bcoz if u kill more and more then u get more XP to use otherwise if u spare people its not variant anymore . The game gives me a SHerlock Vibe or u can say that Dr. Reid is more like House MD (TV Series). Though the game is not for everyone, i will still ask everyone to give it a try .[ Cons - Combat, Optimization, Bugs, Vague Facial Expressions ][ Pros - Storyline, Social system , Choices varies Consequences, Deep In-game Elements, Investigations, World Creation ]My Rating - 7.5/10
Delete Minorities	Not Recommended	15.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TwerkingNinja/	The game is good storywise, but the combat is awful. It's unfun and frustrating. I like the game, but the combat just ruins it for me. I can't recommend it.
Vulpineyes	Not Recommended	7.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197985868041/	This is yet another example of a game released well before its ready. The game play is great all the way up untill it crashes, and it does crash....regularly. I'm getting very sick of paying my hard earned money for broken products. FIX THIS!
Mazen	Not Recommended	52.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197978582779/	Poor gameplay
anac_ata	Recommended	2.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/anac_ata/	Good story, bad battle mode
jesomar.cuenca	Recommended	35.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Omar_Chuchin/	Beautiful game.Good mechanics, interesting story, good character development, etc. The game is genius, the best part is definitely the choices. It is a game that will always change depending on your choices, it literally will make the game super easy or super hard.
Leo	Not Recommended	13.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/eye91/	It's an average game, but pretty shallow and dull.
Leo	Not Recommended	13.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/eye91/	It's an average game, but pretty shallow and dull.
Barbarian	Not Recommended	49.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198014370185/	Background:Vampires are scary and still cool. Who have not watched Buffy or different movies about Dracula? The dark realm is scary because humans fear the unknown. We create monsters in our mind and project it in the real world. Video games have also tried to capture this fear and show it with 0 and 1. I have not played many games with the vampire theme. So when this game was announced I was thrilled and put it on my Steam wishlist. The game was released but because of a high price I decided to wait. Yesterday I bought it with some discount and have played about 15 hours. Gameplay:The gameplay is easy with good tips at the start. But my advice is not to follow these tips blindly but think how you want the game to be. I will not reveal anything but as always your choices matter. As you will experience XP is not everything...The main problem for me was the controls. You can lock to one enemy and fight him like the option in Nioh. But then the camera kind of rotates wildly and you have no control. Fighting bosses is painful with these controls but you will manage with practice. The most annoying part is the respawning of enemies. You get tired with fighting the same enemies on the same places time after time.Graphics:The game is a console port and the graphics were simply not good enough for pc. I have no problem running the game and every setting was on ultra at the start. But the poor implementation of AA (FXAA and TXAA) is not good enough. Also setting for post-processing are hidden behind the umbrella terma Post-processing so you have to tweak them manully. I dislike motion blur, depth of field, chromatic abberration and lens flare and nowhere in the options list were these visible. Graphic wise it looks like a game from 2010 or before. The overuse of bloom is painful for the eyes. I had to use Reshade (SweetFX) to make the game playable. FOV was too close so I used a mod to increase it to 90. My FPS are between 100-144 and I have not experienced any stuttering.With Reshade + FOV mod:https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1489198863https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1488370648Sound:Music is good in the game. It is dark and depressing and suits the game well. Verdict:Since there is no options other than recommending the game or not I have to choose the last one. If it was a scale ranging from 0-10 I would give it a 5. Graphics are below acceptable levels for pc, the controls are clunky and the lock mechanism is not implemented well. But storywise it is acceptable. Only buy on sale or when it is heavily discounted. And search on Google for tweaks and fixes to make it playable.My PC specificationsCPU: Intel Core i7-7700K @ 4,20GHzGPU: EVGA GeForce GTX 1070 SC Gaming 8 GBRAM: Kingston 16 GB DDR4 Dual-Channel @ 1066MHzAudio: Sound Blaster Audigy 5/RxMonitor: AOC 27" LED FreeSync G2770PF 144HzOS: Windows 10 Home (64-bit) 
Hashmallum	Recommended	35.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198032049858/	I just finish the game and i really like it, its a very unique game, sure its has some features that could have work better (like the combat system) but for the story and the atention to details, the narrative, the lore and the characters it deserves to be played.
bretsage	Not Recommended	27.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198055068003/	I wanted to love this game, especially after the trailer.  It has so much potential.  The setting is interesting, if not insanely irritating due to the locked areas.  Sooooo, you can smoke-vault to certain ledges, but not others, and you can't go through locked gates that you can see through??  Nice.  The other thing that irritates is that you have to choose between doing quests and having power to fight the baddies, who are pretty tough.  This was supposed to be a "cool" elelment, but feels like the opposite of what you want.  Doing quests and killing monsters should both help the area and level you up, but you have to choose between the two.  Also, the denizens are always getting sick, or headachy, or worse and you have to keep brewing meds and forcing them to take them or it gets worse.  The dialogues should be the best part of the game, but they are rough in a couple of ways.  First, the mini speeches are slllooooowwww and the nested choices for options of what to ask them have you asking, "did I ask that yet?  Do I need to go back and ask her about something else now?"  Feels grind-y.  The arena boss battles are particularly irritating, especially if you haven't chosen to "eat" the locals.  You can't move into other areas until you defeat the boss and you can't get out of the arena until they are dead. Dumb.  Maybe I just hate boss battles in a closed area.Anyway, if you like lots of atmosphere and dialogue options and some crafting, this is the game for you.  About weapons, why can't you pick up the weapons dropped by the vampire hunters when they die and sell them?  Why aren't the parts you need to upgrade your weapons available from all vendors?  Feels like they are guiding you into going a certain way rather than making it truly open world, which it is not.Did I enjoy the gameplay?  Some.  Major frustrations with hotkeys for syringes and low stamina issues, but otherwise kind of interesting world and lore.
mobbie	Not Recommended	43.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/thecooldue/	Do I recommend this game? yes/no The yes.The game feels like bloodline if you ever played that game back in the day. Witch, I like a lotThe bad how poorly it runs on this pc with unlocked fps. ryzen 1700/1080ti/2560x1440Hope coming update fixes all that
Vargasgirl	Recommended	41.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198022848524/	This game was awesome! Some people expected this game to be like Vampire: Masquarade although Vampyr doesn't have that many RPG elements (like you get Dr. Reid and no character costumization at all) but was quite great in my opinion. The two worlds have some simularities which - as a huge World of Darkness fan - I enjoyed a lot. The game itself was a great experince, I enjoyed the talking parts and the decisions you have to make regarding the citizens and your need for EXP. Also the story itself, its depth and how they made connections to the real world was fascinating. The fighting mechanics is kinda easy and you don't have that many options to pick from when you have to choose skills. What I think would have been good to have is a mini map and an option to fast travel between your hideouts (yes as the story progresses you will open shortcuts but come on, no fast travel in an rpg?).One of the best RPGs I've played so far 9/10
jtcLIVE	Not Recommended	16.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jtc0999/	The game was fun at first and has an interesting story, but now the gameplay is tedious, incredibly frustrating, and some bugs are showing their head and making the gameplay even worse.
Historical_Heretic	Not Recommended	7.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198115538416/	Game started off pretty good, I was enjoying the story and combat seemed simple enough to get through. Then you're let loose upon the rest of the game after a couple of hours of mostly story and dialogue based interactions into a world where combat has absolutely no rewards for you, is incredibly hard to get through even when you've upgraded your skills and your weapons, and the autosave function? Guaranteed to frustrate you when have to go through the mob of 10 or so men you just killed all over again, wasting even more resources and your time. Overall I'm enjoying the game, but the lazy mechanics are quickly turning me off of it.
RosieRosie	Recommended	13.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/RosieRosie/	I really like this game, its the first of its kind really. But I do think they overlooked some things. for example:-fighting tips (i.e. use space to get behind the foe and then strike)- explanation on to how change your weapons and what your person holds (explain you will need higher level weapons as you go into the game).-explanation on how to change from the main weapons (eg. sword, stake) to the 2nd set (eg. axe, gun)-please take away johnathans red eyes (hes so ugly, its a shame)- explain that people may die if you dont give them medicine eventually-explain how your mesmerise level goes up-explain that you can only use 4(?) abilities and your ultimate and if you have others you will have to pick and choose whichThese are things i think could be improved, overall the game doesnt explain much. It is however, a really good game and very fun! Ive been really looking forward to it and the freedom to bite and kill people hehehe
MoeTwo	Not Recommended	25.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/MoeTwo/	It tells a good storyBut it is not worth the price.
Miserakle	Recommended	30.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/miserakle/	Okay. First of all. This will be 'recommend' because of four things: music, fog, puzzle with collectibles and sometimes really stunning backgrounds. I think, if you buy it on a sale and play the main quest alongside developers pressure of citizen kills, it may be good. But never, just never step back or turn to you own path. If you try to play it as another open-world game you'll easily find out that there are so many locked doors and so many stupid dialogues about events which you haven't counter yet.There is no blood lust and the only reason to kill npc is awful level-scaling system of enemies. Because they will be spawn again and again every night at same spots with only changes in their level.There is no moral dilemmas at all. And only one citizen which can be count as the bad person. All others is just people which try to survive in the epidemic. And there is no motivation to kill them.Every time when you decide the somebody's fate the game aware you with 'the city will suffer'. Even if you did good thing and save life. And the only impact from bad desicion which I saw was really huge wave of the cold (about ten citizens through one night). Oh, scary! This game was able to be great if its creators just stopped and thought about variability of walkthroughs and about how their straight scenario would work with them. And somebody please tell them that variability of choices is not the tone of voice which character use to answer. For which purpose I had three options in every second dialogue if each of them gave me success?I really tried to like the game but every illogical moment and every fractured dialogue just shatter the whole atmosphere. In sum, for me this game just didn't work.
Sheik Yerbouti	Not Recommended	20.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/baranemanuel/	I haven't Alt+F4'd out of a game as many times as I did from Vampyr. I enjoyed the storyline, the open world/linear combo, the hint system, and other small things.But the combat, and espcially the leveling is frustrating as♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ You just notice, all of a sudden that $hit happens in some areas of the city and you just had no idea (therefore losing characters and quests). In case the ending will blow my mind, I still would not recommend paying this high price for a game that gets extremely frustrating, pretty fast.EG: I've been in the same damned room for 50 minutes, fighting the same ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ units. GG
Incognitoelf	Not Recommended	10.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198061147420/	All I wanted out of this game was to feel like a fearsome vampire of the night who struck terror into the hearts of everyone he passed. But in the ten hours I played, Vampyr never enabled that kind of roleplaying or play style. Not once did I get a dialogue option that allowed Jonathan to be happy or proud about being a vampire. They all had him being repentant about it, which was not an attitude I enjoyed being locked into. Could have dealt with that if the combat were interesting, but it's some of the most uninspired I've encounted lately. Every fight felt the same, the only difference being the enemy types and how powerful they were. The only fun part about it for me was biting people in the middle of a fight. I just think there are better and more creative ways to make a vampire feel really effective and unique in combat. What we got felt so standardized. Even more than that, the citizens I'm supposed to be so conflicted about killing? They're just kind of there to offer blood, information, and quests, like the writers forgot to make them into characters I can love or hate or have any strong feelings about. NPCs in AC: Origins who have ten minutes of screentime have more character to them than citizens in Vampyr who had entire questlines and interpersonal conflicts with each other. At some point in the future, I will probably play this game. But it won't be now. Nor would I recommend others buy the game at its current price. Wait till it's like $20. Maybe worth it then.
Kinta	Recommended	15.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kinta/	Excellent game with only minor flaws (like the combat controls being a little imprecise sometimes), but a lot to like. The only thing that really bothers me is that it already froze three times in my current playthrough, which is a shame.
Lamenth	Recommended	103.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198210370412/	Honestly, this is a super-hero game. Best super-hero game I've played in a hwhile. I played this game multiple times over because I like it. A lot.
sAVOR mE	Recommended	22.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/neumannnate/	TL;DR: The game is worth the money for me. Support these game developers. Story driven game. Character development. This is where it shines.The music is phonominal.I love the storyThe combat can get repetitive, think of Witcher but you have the abilities of a vampire so it makes it fun. Expect grinding out battles if you go for a no blood sucking playthrough. The developers warned you about this ahead of time. Every gripe people have about grinding stuff through can be fixed, just go munch on some people and level up. The damage you do will let you 1 shot most vampires.Something I personally like is that whenever you get a quest, you don't get a straight up marker to go somewhere. It gives you a general and Direction but you have to listen and read and figure out things for yourself. Ive had to run around looking for somebody, only to realize I just had to look up.The graphics are decent, nothing to write home about. Needs a better engine than Unreal.This game relies on its people interaction, so you were going to be talking a lot with other people and you're going to be listening to a lot of people. They do this in a very interesting way. You can even spy on people and confront about stuff later.Bottom Line: This game was worth the money to me. I sunk in lots of hours into it. Between talking to everybody and doing all of the side quests, you have plenty to do. No microtransactions. No hidden ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. This game is different. This game is fresh. This game is ambitious. Dont penalize this game for it being different from all the monotonous grind. If the developers of this game implemented some of their ideas in a better engine kind of like in the Red engine from the Witcher 3, this game would be a contender for Game Of The Year. But with the great character development and storyline, I think the game is worth it. 
david3907	Not Recommended	23.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198030681948/	This game susposedly gives you a choice a form of moral compass. Kill civilians and the area collaspes into anarchy and you lose. Do not kill civilians and end up being to weak to complete the story and lose. For fighting uou get no real experience but without fighting you cannot win. Kill civilians and get loads of experience. Dumbest system I have ever seen. Oh for another Vampire Bloodlines. Alas this has a sad excuse for a story and poor combat.
Thanatopsis	Recommended	48.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198007301844/	It is cheap and clunky, but fun. I don't think some of the choices matter all that much. Right now I'm trying not to kill any of the characters and I haven't needed to in order to get XP. I have died a few times trying to go where I should and trying to fight off a bunch of enemies 4 or 5 levels higher. But overall it is pretty easy. Some of the side quests and characters are a bit dull, but it has been generally entertaining. It is not as AAA game. It is an AA game from an indie studio. Keep that in mind.It does get better after the first few hours, but I'd say if the trailer looks intersting, at least get it and play the first 90 minutes. You can always request a refund if you don't go over the time limit.If this had been like Hellblade, a short 8-hour game with great graphics and a terrific story for $30, it would be a must buy. Being a clunky overly-long wannabe RPG with graphics that look like a AAA games from 10 years ago, it may or may not be worth $50. It is fun enough for me that I am happy to support an indie studio.
Zombiak	Not Recommended	1.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198004221954/	I bet that the game itself is good, or even very good. However, if you buy the Polish retail version, you are unable to change the language version to English, even though the Steam page advertises that the game has multiple languages supported.And no, I do not intend to pay twice for this.
Gloomseeker	Recommended	37.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198030836970/	People who are complaining about combat being too difficult probably didn't understand how important Stamina /Endurance is in this game. People who feel that combat if unfair, clunky or punishing probably didn't  bother watching what is happening on the screen in order to read patterns and adapt to them. All you need sometimes is just to step away from an incoming attack to be out of reach. Locking on enemies is not necessarily the best option for every fights (especially when you are outnumbered as you will end up turning your back on another foe if you're locked on a target).  Another tip is to use the feeding attack to get blood back and take advantage of the fact that you are impervious to damage while the animation plays out to recharge your stamina. I've read so many posts complaining about combat being too hard or too punishing I can't help thinking that most players probably didn't bother adapting to the way the game works or wrongfully assumed that this game would play like Batman/Mad Max or Shadow of Mordor and end up being frustrated because of that. I've also read complaints about the "social" element in the game, i.e. the fact that you're encouraged to save people rather than feeding off them (which is a shortcut for becoming more powerful but will lead you down a more bloody path -a bit like picking the High Chaos option in Dishonored). The main point is that the protagonist is a doctor and as such he is dedicated to saving lives. I've also read complaints about the existence of gay NPCs in the game which some people may not like (but frankly it's not worse than the Witcher 3 on that front) plus you can choose to be sympathetic or dismissive about gender issues in the game (for instance female NPCs and their role in society). Unless you're easily offended by progressive stances then you probably won't mind (by the way the main character can sound progressive, or not depending on the dialogue option you pick). In the end there is no denying that it was a time for social change so if you're going to absolutely resent the very notion of social change and NPCs advocating things like that (like for instance an NPC advocating for the right of women to vote) you may do yourself a favour and pick something else. There is also the fact that this game is NOT like Vampire Bloodlines. You don't get to make your own character (just like in the Witcher you don't get to create your own monster hunter). It's not a true open world game in the sense that the game world opens up in a certain order after you reach certain points in the story. One important thing to bear in mind is that the game wants you to learn to live with the consequences of your actions. You don't get to pick and choose the "best" option unless you end up looking for a walkthrough online to find out about the consequences of all the choices you can make. If you care about being involved in the story and don't mind the fact that sometimes the best intentions can result in dire consequences then you will probably enjoy that but if you can't live with a shall we say less than perfect outcome when it comes to making decisions that affect the story chances are you will be frustrated about this aspect of the game. The next patch should introduce a story mode for people who can't be bothered with combat and a harder mode for people who actually enjoy that so if you're concerned about combat getting in the way you may want to wait for this update before picking up the game. Lastly, there is a LOT of talking involved in this game so you should know what you're getting into. If you can't be bothered with listening to NPCs talk and are used to skip dialogues in RPGs then this may not be the game for you. If you don't have the wrong expectations and understand that this is not a AAA title but a smaller budget title that tries doing its own thing (and that's something to be grateful for) then you may enjoy what it has to offer like I do. It starts a bit slow but it is rewarding if you're into that genre. It's first and foremost a story driven game and the choices do help breaking up its rather linear structure (mostly due to the game being divided into chapters). To fully enjoy this you need to be able to appreciate both the adventure game elements (with all the dialogues) and the action (with the fighting, upgrades and crafting).
c0mplete	Recommended	13.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197993459184/	This seems cool so far. Runs great an looks pretty good.
Sukotto	Not Recommended	1.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Sukottogaming/	I have a hard time recommending this one.I grabbed this at launch and was met with multiple crashes. I did manage to get it running smoothly only to find clumsy and rushed feeling dialogue/plot which left me wanting to skip all the text about half an hour in just because i got sick of listening to it. I mean it isn't a BAD story and the dialogue works, but I wouldn't call them GOOD by any means. Definitely not interesting enough to keep attention long term. Another issue I had was with the walk/run cycle and the controls in general, everything feels really clunky. and the running looks very unnatural, almost as bad as say Skyrim in 3rd person. the camera felt strange to move even after playing with sensitivity. I found myself changing to mouse and keyboard just to see if it felt better. Spoiler: it didn't help. Everything came to a peak for me once i reached the hospital, I was met with one of the games core mechanics, finding victims to feast on for XP. the game rewards you for talking to people and finding out their secrets. if you know all of an NPC's secrets and THEN feast on them you get a large XP bonus making it the ideal was to do it. Unfortunately this results is sitting through MOUNTAINS of the afformentioned clumsy/rushed dialogue just to get all of a targets secrets unlocked. I spent 30 minutes talking to everyone i could meet, and that was enough for me to say no more. TLDR: Buggy/Crashy, Weak dialogue, Clunky Controls. Not a BAD game, but definitely not with 65 bucks. If you are looking for something fresh and exciting, this isn't for you. The game feels similar in a lot of ways to The Witcher 3, get that instead.
Lenny Omega	Not Recommended	9.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SS_1987/	Good game in a technical sense. Nice graphics, atmosphere, music, and voice acting. Unfortunately it's horribly boring 90% of the time. Massive dialogue trees with most NPCs, spoken slowly, and you can't skip one segment of dialogue at a time like most games, so if you press X to speed it up, you simply skip everything the character was about to say. Combat is decent to above average, but you fight much less often than just wandering around and talking to people. I'm not sure I understand or care about most of the games sytems, i.e. being able to feed on characters, healing their sicknesses, upgrading my skills, etc. I play the game for an hour or so at a time, just trying to get my money's worth out of it and see if it ever gets interesting. Definitely wait for a good price if you're thinking of trying this. And prepare for a ton of dialogue. It made a really good first impression on me when I enjoyed the early atmosphere and first combat encounters, then quickly started to bore me to death.
Glorgu	Recommended	38.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Glorgu/	This is the sort of game I'll look back on in a decade the same way I look back on Alpha Protocol today.
Knavenformed	Recommended	17.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198143774290/	 Vampyr, a flawed... Piece? Just a couple of minutes ago finished the game, with the notsobad ending I'll talk about it later. So here I am to write about the game.It starts strong with a minor chase sequence and soon it thrust you into the main system of the game, talking.You will for the most of the time talk to NPC's in the game, about 60 or 70%, if you don't like that then I can't recommend the game for you, also if you want clear causes and effects this is not the game for you either, it has a lot of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥te sequences. Especially when it comes to the ending of the chapters where you get to decide the fate of all the district pillars.The idea of the game is to keep the 4 streets of London healthy while coping with your Sanguinare Vampiris growing :^]You are not actually a Vampire, you are an Ekon. What are Vampires? Well the game sequel baits you so damn hard if you want to find out. And for real Vampyr is a great standalone game and it really doesn't need a sequel.The game fails horribly at the healing part to be honest, I healed maybe 5 people in the game and finished the game with 1 district sanitized, 2 more than healthy and one lost, but oh boy I did not lose it because I didn't heal anyone there, actually it was the place most of my medicine went, but because I was trying to be too kind for my own good I just lost it right after establishing that is has working medical conditions. The 4 main desitions of the pillars basically make or break the game. You make even one mistake and you lose any possibility for either of the "good" endings I liked the game, I could play as a vampire as advertised. The game has an unique levelling system that I liked, but I barely ever used my offencive skills, Coagulation is really helpful, maybe my most used ability ironically I never leveled it up tho.I went through the game with one of the starter weapons the game gives you, a baseball bat thingy, the stun effect and parry + max damage bite offered an easy 1 2 3 kill combo, and it offered some amazing defence and offence in the same package.Also the game is really easy, I actually preferred to play it when my enemies were +10 levels above me or so, after harvesting a failing district the growth in power was more than I ever needed, because you get a lot of XP by just fighting everything you meet.So yea, if you like a narrative driven rpg, then go for it. But the game doesn't really reward you with the best narrative and you will most likely ♥♥♥♥ up your whole playthrough because of one desition.  After all the negatives I recommend it Why? it has a solid athmosphere, it handles it's lore well, fighting is repetetive, but as a self proclaimed parry king I enjoyed parrying the world, bosses are fun (Exept the last one has too much HP] and some of the drama is pretty fun to follow through.P.S it can be laggy and buggy, usually my performance was great, but in some hotspots the game lagged like hell, also a movement command bug appeared constantly, I couldn't "read more" on lore items that had more text than the initial screen could show, the game told me to use controller commands though i was playing on K/M, and I died once becuase an enemy walked through a brick wall.
❈64GS❈	Recommended	5.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/donttestmebro/	A wonderfully put together game. I bought this game expecting absolutely nothing more than a combat-focused game with Vampires and RPG mechanics, and that's what I got. There's also a fair bit of detective work which is a nice mix.Pros:-Beautiful visuals-Great soundtrack-Great voice-acting-Well-written dialogueCons:-Combat can be clunky at points-Nothing else I can really think ofIf you're looking for a game focused around vampires with combat similar to the Souls series (but far less difficult) then this is the game for you. Don't go in expecting a game like Vampire: The Masquerade - Bloodlines.
David_1	Not Recommended	19.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198070402241/	I was really excited for this game to come out, and it did hook me for hours. However, the dialogue is so boring! There are some really good scenes but they were far too intermittent. I never felt like I developed any meaningful relationships with any of the characters that Dr. Jonathan Reid aparently did expecially with  Elisabeth Ashbury, whome aparently Reid was suddenly in love with and would do anything for out of nowhere. I was very confused with that part.  The combat was very cool at first and I was excited to try new abilities, but that also faded rather quickly after a few hours of using those moves. I can't say the combat was particularly bad, just lackluster. Overall, it is worth some time playing but not something that's worth a lot of time. If only the characters you talked with had something added to them to make them more interesting.
GoD	Not Recommended	24.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198043130078/	Decent story 6/10(disappointing ending), awful gameplay devs put effort to make anything as inconvenient as possible it's feel like this game was made in 2004.
Thorandor	Recommended	12.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/thorandor/	Despite a slow start, I really enjoyed Vampyr, It is one of those games that reminds me of Styx, Of Orcs And Men, and similar titles, however it feels more alive, more interactive, and it allows you to explore at your leisure.What I liked about it was the fact that your set piece choices do have an impact, and your willingness to sacrifice people or yourself, or your willingness to not evolve in favour of saving districts of citizens really helps you build your own moral compass for the journey.Sound wise, the game was delightful, the voices were good, believable, there was plenty of tragedy and romance to make you care, and visually the game ran amazingly well on 4k with a few features slightly pared down.If you enjoy a more sombre story, RPG elements and a drive to save (or destroy) districts or citizens, give it a go. I bought it on day 1, and really enjoyed my time with it.
Panicintrinsica	Recommended	29.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/panicintrinsica/	Despite the repeated complaints I’ve seen about the combat in this game, I didn’t have any of the problems everyone else seemed too. If you go into this expecting it to play like Devil May Cry or Dark Souls, then you are going to be very disappointed, but I went into this game because I love DONTNODs brand of storytelling, and knew this was going to be a more narratively focused game with combat elements from the start, and while some aspects of the game were a little predictable, overall, I enjoyed the world, the characters, and the storyline enough that I feel completely happy with my full priced purchase (I pre-ordered it).Objectively speaking, the combat is not bad, it’s just not all that noteworthy. People (i.e. professional critics) have a habit of blowing things massively out of proportion, or subjecting games to impossible standards. If this game was released 5 or 10 years ago, people would’ve praised the combat system for being innovative, but now it’s just rather bland, and apparently there is currently no greater sin then having an average mechanic. It reminds me a lot of the first Assassin's Creed, which, if anyone remembers, also had pretty sub-par combat, but which, wierdly, no one seems to remember anymore.Maybe I'm in the minority, but I'm perfectly happy to pay for and play a "good" game, they don't all have to be earth rendingly incredible to still be enjoyable.
moolahmoolah	Not Recommended	10.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198374424078/	This would've been a pretty good game years ago. There are several ideas in the game that cause it to stand out, but the combat mechanics, level design, and NPC interactions are outdated. Additionally, the story is somewhat flat and the results of the character's choices are obscured by overly simplified dialogue trees. As a caveat, I did only play 10 hours of the story- however, I stand by my assessment that the outdated play is the real detriment. This game did have some of the markings of White Wolf's Vampire table top RPG, was a welcome surprise. I feel like they even tried to lean into some of the more risky ideas with gusto. Had they more time/money, I think they could've produced a very unique vampire game. In the future, I think some of these designers will create something that has real legs. Honestly, the setting is a great choice and the push/pull of wanting to eat civilians earlier for easy XP vs. eating them later after you've developed a bond for even more XP is compelling in theory. Hopefully their next game is just more up to date or at least not as thinly spread in order to avoid having lackluster level design and mostly surface interaction with the world.
Lysander Valerius	Recommended	65.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/VaeVictusToots/	Reading most of the other reviews for this game, I don't think most people realized there is an actual stealth mechanic in the game to cloak yourself and avoid most fights.... I used that a ton in my pacifist run, love the game personally, Doctor Reid is a really unique character , a living paradox indeed, love the game to bits for the bits of unqiueness, setting and soundtrack.
Kalibre	Recommended	38.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kritndid/	It is a wonderful story and your choice in play style affects the outcome. However, while the story is wonderful and the named npcs were interesting enough to not have me get bored talking to them, certain gameplay mechanics were tedious. I enjoyed being a doctor and handing out medicines to the sick and for me the novelty never really wore off. Learning about npcs through dialogue choices was interesting as the characters were generally interesting. I also found it smart to not allow loading to a previous save as it managed to actually make me feel like choices matter.The combat is boring and the only time they were fun was at the beginning when I first entered combat, when aquiring and upgrading new abilities, and during the boss fights because the enemeis could actually attack me in more interesting ways. Overall, while occaisonally interesting, the combat is mostly tedious. Another gripe, although minor one, is that no fast travel. I grew bored of walking through the same streets and fighting mostly the same enemies in london again and again and again.While the combat bothered and bored me at times, I would still recommend this game to most because I was still engaged in the story and that overcame any gripes I had. I would gladly buy and play a sequel if one ever comes out.
MatiQ	Recommended	34.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198007613105/	Almost exactly what I expected from this game since first trailer. Charismatic main character,  dark,full of miserable and pain London from 1918 and of course briliant soundtrack. Really- OST from this game deserves another review.Sadly main mechanic of the game is not perfect- i didin't kill anyone, but game still was peace of cake for me. I expected much more harder way to achiv best ending(without killing anyone) but honestley- I dont see a need to kill any NPC, experience points from main/side quests or from respawining enemies are more than enough to transform Jonathan into deadly weapon.Anyway, Vampyr is a solid game, with fine graphic, emotional plot, amazing OST and interesting but little bit repetitive gameplay.Lets say 8/10 is fair note for newest baby of DONTNOD, waiting for sequel guys! :)
LaserLemons	Recommended	36.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198056375344/	Absolutely love this game, it's like a combination of Bloodborne and Life Is Strange. You're a doctor, a vampire, and a fancy Englishman who needs to investigate the city for an explaination to the epidemic that's killing everyone.
Xovszky	Recommended	27.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198127605915/	I found this games really enjoyable.The story was very intriguing and I found myself playing just to find out more.The combat is pretty fun, and a bit challenging (on normal). I would say the fighting is similar to a batman game. Some people are complaining that this game is grindy, which is simply untrue. I had a ridiculous abundance of exp to the point where I basically didn't need to kill any civilians. Also I had no graphical issues at all, I know some people did.Summary:+Great story+Great voiceovers+Rewarded exploration+Fun fighting mechanics+Adjustable difficulty+Atmosphere-Fighting becomes easy after a while-Never really felt the need to upgrade skill tree
Fluffy, King of the Bullsquids	Not Recommended	0.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/fluffykobs/	Its times like this I really wish that steam had a star based rating system as opposed to up and down.This game really does deserve some credit the atmosphere and environments are quite good, unfortunately thats about as far as im willing to go with credit. The game really falls short in the boring basic combat and the predictable story, unfortunately I couldnt bring myself to keep playing much after the first "boss" fight and I do intend to pick it back up another time but honestly this game will be 25-35 dollars in a year and then it will be worth it...
elongated muskrat	Not Recommended	20.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Fucckkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk/	Great idea, terrible excecution. App is so buggy, extreme patience highly advised, if not required. Pro tip: manually back up the game regularly because the bugs aren't minor and several are gamebreaking.
Very Miffed Bone Daddy	Recommended	4.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Succubi_115/	dont really know what to say have only about 3 hours on this game of writing this review but i can say im enjoying what ive played so far.
Gunndar	Not Recommended	9.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Gunndar/	For a game that is all about the player making big choices that effect the game world, due to poor dialogue trees & general vagueness half the choices seem completely random.  Compounded by the bizarre exclusion of a manual save system, you can pick a vague dialogue option, have it totally screw an entire area up with no warning & have to start over from scratch if you want to pick another option.  This is a hamfisted approach & I would have liked a refund if this game hadn't sucked my gratis 2 hours down in endless blah blah.  Outside of that, combat is boring.
matthew69buss	Not Recommended	20.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198142264936/	There are developers traps to force second play through(most gamers would do this anyway but no one likes being forced). great story in the game till it misrepresents choices and takes all your work up to that point and flushes it down the toilet all while making you think your doing the right thing.
Mazian	Not Recommended	1.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Mazian/	I liked the premise behind Remember Me. I adored the heart in Life is Strange. But Vampyr epitomizes everything that DONTNOD cannot do right. Remember Me was supposed to be an RPG that was turned into an action game. It suffered for the transition, because while the concept was interesting, the execution was janky and the ending didn't fit with the game style chosen. Life is Strange touted itself as being a game about choice and consequence and then rendered the entire story down to a binary ending that made every choice meaningless in the execution of its conclusion.Vampyr's story feels weak, it's graphics and controls are subpar, and its game mechanics work against the story they're trying to tell. Combat is janky-- movement defaults to run or sprint, no walking-- there is no stealth option. The dialog is stilted and takes itself too seriously to the point where I'm laughing at it. The voice acting isn't horrible, but the direction given the actors is terrible. French writers trying to do Victorian era uptight British dialog is just hilarious. (read: it's almost like they didn't even try to write the dialog appropriate to the game's timeframe.) Oh, and the music is laughable. They're going for a serious, (time) period, string piece-- but I just kept giggling at how upbeat it sounded. Pro Tip-- if you want agonized or sorrowful-- you go for long slow draws across the string instrument-- if you want to go for positive and upbeat, you go for short strokes of the strings. It made me think of the Tom Cruise version of The Vampire Lestat, and the disrespectful monster that Lestat was. Oh, and it made me think of the French Quarter in New Orleans instead of London, England.Additionally, the upgrade system has an egregious bug in it-- the first time you upgrade you cannot cancel and reallocate your upgrade decisions (you can on subsequent and later upgrade attempts, which tells me the QA on the game was also subpar.) One of the mechanics, drinking blood, can be used in combat-- but it hardly makes a dent at first-- and enemies end up feeling like proverbial bullet sponges which is distracting from the theme of the game. Get swarmed by hunters and you're rice paper to their sponge like absorption of damage. It ends up feeling badly tuned.When I finally get to the 90 minute mark in my playthrough, I'd reached the first main population center (the hospital) and began to talk to people-- in addition to the dialog being stilted, the dialog wheel has paths that are locked behind a hint mechanism that is painfully obvious-- you know exactly how many secret conversation threads each person has. Instead of a sense of exploration, it's like achievement hunting-- just checking conversation topics off a list. Each person is an impersonal conversation pinata-- just beat them until you've collected all the knowledge-- and then you can "embrace them" (drink from them) for even more XP than if you'd not bothered to take the time to get to know them. (Which is a system that makes little sense except to artificially enforce a social interaction mechanic to try to get players to treat blood bags as something more than an easy meal-- cause if you drain them dry when you first meet them, whatever else the consequences, you don't get as much XP from the kill as you would if you'd played with your food first.)In essence, this is a♥♥♥♥♥♥game from a♥♥♥♥♥♥developer.And following a three-strikes-rule, Vampyr will be the last game I buy from DONTNOD.I want my money back.Refunded.
Orange Banana	Recommended	20.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/izix/	This game is quite fun for what I've played of it so far. I just don't like how sometimes the NPCs look past my character and right into my soul. Like they are looking outside of the monitor. It's kind of creepy.
Calidoofya	Not Recommended	30.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/creenii/	Vampyr is the biggest disappointment for me since a long time. I was so looking forward to a game with a vampire setting, but this game seems to have shot past its own target and got stuck in vain things.Vampyr is 85% talking, 10% fighting and only 5% something interesting like discovering the map, collecting things and following quests.Another game with an only black and white opinion of actions and the few choices you can make with the so called consequences do not really have an effect at all - or you would expect a punishment for your action but there's again, nothing.Oh and pls don't forget you're a doctor, so you have to heal the citizens all the time 'cause they get ill all the time. They just can't live without that vampyre in their neighborhood - it's good you don't have nothing else to do but talking, so you can take care of them.Theres so much, I don't understand here, 'cause it makes no sense at all:Why are there no dialogue options to influence the character's development?Why can I ask the same about four times although the question was stupid from the beginning?Why would the knowledge about a person improve the quality of their blood?Why would killing a criminal have a negative effect on a city quarter?Why is there NO negative effect when I kill somebody IN the hospital with my vampire bite?Why can I steal from everyone and nobody cares?Why are there spawing markers on the map I didn't set?And why are the plants glowing?Questions over questions and I did not mention everything. So much details which don't fit together and that's a pity....and here are the few little things which are good about this game:- graphics and style- the map has an enjoyable size- when not leveling to much the fights are challenging and remind a little of Bloodborne- the story fits not to possible actions but is still interesting- detailed characters with their own story- and I really like the menu style!Vampyre in a nutshell:Talk. Talk. Talk. Talk. Oh u got a mission! Talk. Talk. Oh people are ill!. Run around. Looking where they hide. Talk. Heal. Run. Get lost.♥♥♥♥♥♥this door is close. Run all the way back. Oh enemys! Fight. Talk. Talk. Nice a new mission I've never been here before!♥♥♥♥♥♥this door is close. Run all the way back. Fight. Talk. Talk. Talk. Oh people are ill again! Search. Heal. Heal. Talk. Talk. Talk.
/>ickles'	Recommended	34.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/fatasstitsinmymouth/	ITS LOCKED ALRIGHT
Vardas	Recommended	94.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198094638635/	TLDR - The game is quite fun and worth playing, but be prepared: the dialogue is AWFUL. It's like the Uncanny Valley of all text/voice scripts.Pros:The combat powers are enjoyable, and fighting works rather well, being both fast paced and straightforward at the same time. The mechanic of being able to "embrace" NPCs for a number of character-altering consequences is quite innovative. It feels genuinely quite tough to choose who to embrace, in order to get a good amount of XP but also avoid affecting the district too much. It's also quite cool learning all the characters' backstories and so on.Cons:My biggest problem with the game is the dialogue. It is genuinely astronomical levels of weird and cringe. You ask a question and it is 50/50 whether the answer will actually make sense in the context of the question, or whether it'll just be irrelevant. The best way I can describe it is that it feels like the dialogue was written by a child, in another language, then Google Translated to English. There are also tons of grammatical and spelling mistakes everywhere. I'm not a grammar nazi but it's hard to ignore when every other sentence has one. It's very obvious that the game did not go through localisation QA at all. As a VtM: Bloodlines fan I've been itching for a game in a similar vein for well over a decade, and I have to say Vampyr is the closest we've gotten in a while. If the dialogue and text was better thought out and not so cringe-y it might be a good spiritual successor. As it is right now it's a bit of an "almost-but-not-quite-there" imitation. Worth buying?Yes, but I'd say wait for a sale. Imo this game should be priced around 30£/40$ and it'd be totally acceptable for that price. 44£/55$ is way too much for an RPG with such bad  and cringey dialogue/text, since that is basically half of the point of an RPG.
the $a¡nT	Recommended	19.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/PuPPeTMoB/	Tempting gameplayPleasant graphicCliffhanger story Soulful musicLovely dark and deep atmosphere
Psychoza	Recommended	11.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/fresno0/	Could be better, but not bad.
Prof.Milad a.k.a the Polymath	Not Recommended	8.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/milad989/	Atmosphere and music 10/10Concept novelty 10/10Voice acting 10/10Story 5/10Combat mechanics 2/10Importance of choices 2/10Just be aware that combat is not fluent and super chunky, everything else is nice, this game really didn't need to take RPG route and it hurts the overall experience.
Busby	Recommended	11.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/dbusby/	1.5 hours played- What I know so far:Pro's- Graphics are pretty good. Especially in 4k, 80+ frames for me.- Game runs smoothly, no noticable bugs, and easy to learn UI- Story so far is very complelling. Voice acting is done well, and the unique social interactions are decent too.- Always having a coincious decision to either kill my enemies, or run away.Negatives- Only one negative issue, and that is when you stand underneath the flickering light for the safehouse. It does have some screen tearing. Again, nothing to really worry about, just a visual glitch.Will continue to update, as I play more.So far however, I'd highly recommend it - And I the game at the moment is feeling worthy of the price.
Blinkin	Not Recommended	53.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198006109049/	makes me just want to replay Vampire: The Masquerade  Bloodlines. Good talking simulator bad vampire game
Loppy	Recommended	16.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/LoppyLopsided/	5/7 -- Can see my own reflection in the mirror.
Alicée	Recommended	16.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/2289076850/	A good game,if you want to have a  perfect end ,don't bite anyone!  :(
hennet_sim	Not Recommended	3.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Hennet_sim/	I wish I would have discovered before getting 3 hours in and past the refund time limit that if you miss out on a hint you are permently locked out of story and the only thing that can be done is to restart the whole file I was clearly wrong in thinking that a single player game would let you have some measer of control in your actions. Though I did love every secound up till that point
MYnameisPONY	Not Recommended	4.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198163053265/	waste of the money!!
mrjplays247	Not Recommended	26.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198061960486/	After 20 hours, I wanted to like this game, I really did. I was excited for it all the way up until I started playing it. Let me start by saying that the idea behind the game is great, the setting is good, combat horrid. This game is like the runner who trips at the starting line. It seems to me like they tried to take the Souls Series and Bloodborne as ques for combat and took away that polished feel you get with those games.I will say I've been avoiding embracing the civilians so maybe this is why I'm having an unfun difficult time with the combat, but I'm a Dr for crying out loud who's supposed to help people... i can't go around drinking everyones blood.
Arctic	Not Recommended	13.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198068599251/	I was genuinely excited to be getting a fleshed out vampire game. Hyped and bought it as soon as I realised it was out. And I was devastated to see just how poorly the planning was done...This is a big problem in modern entertainment culture, planning is almost non existent. And you'd think if they weren't going to have a big game based on narrative or story they'd at least have a game with decent combat mechanics. But no. The game is a dumbed down and more forgiving dark souls, with the player being encouraged to dodge attacks and hit when the pattern of attacks is up, rinse and repeat. Even the final boss takes more than 5 full combo hits to take down the player. The story basically leaves the players in the dark. You don't know what you're doing, why you're doing it, or who the characters are. And whenever an option to fill in those blanks comes up, the dialogue very meticulously brushes the question aside (the blood god who turned you into a vampire would actively say "you can't understand the answer to that question so I won't tell you"). And the characters that were even a little fleshed out weren't done effectively. We know that the main character was a doctor, we know he was in WW1, and we know he wasn't too close with his family but his family was close to him. But other than this nothing is revealed. His feelings about other characters go as far as "I love this woman I barely know so I will literally leave everything I have to go to the mountains with her" or "I love this woman I barely know but she wants to kill herself because she's afraid she'll kill everyone so that's too bad".Its clear that the devs want a sequel. They didn't explain anything in this game and there was a LOT to be explained. Hopefully in the next game they fix the clunky controls, improve combat a bit, and add more story to the game. Get some actual dialogue screens (take hints from Deus Ex) and flesh out the characters.
thorisalaptop	Not Recommended	45.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/thorisalaptop/	Vampyr has some interesting ideas, but ultimately it cannot fully deliver on them, and the good is buried under too much poor & frustrating combat.The combat system is quite frustrating. It's doing the Souls/Bloodborne-esque thing that a lot of action RPGs seem to do these days, but not doing it very well. Dodging feels clunky, and I've lost count of the number of times I took damage from an attack that was nowhere near my hitbox. Combine that poor hit detection with spending a lot of the game going up against enemies who are much higher level than you and can kill you in a few hits (at least if you're going for a good ending & not eating everyone), and it quickly becomes a very frustrating experience.Somewhat related, but the game's loading screens can be *very* slow. Like over a minute to move from one area into another area slow, sometimes. I have a pretty beefy PC (although I do still use a spinning platter hard drive instead of an SSD, which likely makes the loading time worse), so this seemed extraordinarily slow to me. These slow loading times were even more frustrating when they came after my occasional deaths due to bad hitbox detection, and ended up making some areas of the game very tedious slogs. Aside from the loading screens, though, the game's performance was perfectly fine, and the framerate stayed high. The graphics won't win any awards, but they're competent. My main quibble there is that the game suffers from "everything is super shiny and reflective, even surfaces that have no business being shiny and reflective" syndrome, which I thought was a habit the industry as a whole got over years ago.Vampyr really does want to tell an interesting story about vampires, and there are interesting themes to cover about human nature, how all people are a mix of good and bad, and how most people are often just a few meals away from behaving like animals, but it both manages to not fully develop those themes enough, and too simultaneously undermine them with gameplay.Case in point: the great "moral choice" of the game (because very game needs an alignment system these days) is whether or not you will kill people to satisfy your undead hunger. The reward for not eating people is you get the good ending, whereas the reward for eating people is large amounts of XP which may have made the game easier. To me, this is already an iffy path to take in a vampire game because what is the point of doing a pacifist run as a vampire where you never actually get to behave like a *vampire*? It would be interesting if the game forced you into needing to choose how to balance your own need for blood with the greater good (e.g. research targets and prey on the wicked to defend the innocent), and you can certainly choose to do that in your own roleplaying if you want, but the game itself doesn't care: as far as the game's alignment system is concerned, eating a serial killer is equivalent to eating an innocent barmaid. To the game's credit, it does sort of try to explain why you should have done a pacifist run at the end, but it's pretty muddled and incoherent, and honestly I feel like there are way more interesting ways to engage with the moral quandries of vampirism.And then there is that the core gameplay loop entirely undermines this moral alignment system. One of your core abilities in combat is biting enemies to replenish your blood (which is like mana). This does reduce the enemy's health some, but it certainly doesn't immediately kill them. So why is biting other people such a huge moral hazard that it always kills them when apparently you're perfectly capable on snacking on people just a little bit and leaving them alive?That may seem like nit-picking: video games are, after all, not known for being realistic. But I believe that games should at least endeavor to be internally consistent, particularly when they are adopting a grim, gritty tone and clearly trying to get the player emotionally invested in their story. How can I be emotionally engaged in a vampire's woeful tale of "I'm so hungry, but I refuse to give in to my baser instincts and kill" one minute when 5 minutes before that I was stabbing a guy with a sword and taking a bite out of his neck?I stuck this game out to the end, but in the end I'm not really sure it was worth it. Vampyr does have some very good world building, and a decently written cast of characters and fleshed out side-quests, and that combined with the hints at the grander background behind the main story line kept me trudging through the combat. But in the end I think the main story line was a bit of a let down as well. Vampyr is trying some things, and it succeeds on some of them, but not enough in my book.
ertugrula1988	Recommended	93.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197977848675/	88/100 - Underrated MasterpieceThe fact that this game's environment design, music, story, voice acting, lore are masterful should be fairly obvious to anyone who looks at it without preconceptions. People have argued the combat is horrible but I did not feel that way at all. The camera works perfectly, never jeapordizes the action, its dodge-focused, intuitive, looks great, vampire powers and upgrades bring more flair as you progress and they are tactically used against you by foes. -It pushed me to my absolute limits towards the end as I chose to not feed on any single person. I'm looking forward to a more beastly playthough later on.- Good balance of human versus supernatural enemies. Stealth is possible and mostly what I did, but could be improved, as without the invisibility power, there is no real way to move through the environment without detection. Which is hard to pull off in a world this detailed, and they probably did not have the budget; which other people are wasting on cloned multiplayer shooters.  But oh my god... The characters, the lore, the choices you will have to make and the consequences make this a not only unforgettable, but replayable, rare action RPG experience. In a class of his own, in that genre, really. It jas Lovecraftian elements, elements that are Celtic, Victorian, some reminiscent of the World of Darkness rpg games. But in the end, it stands tall as a cocktail with undeniable charm, personality and sanguine joy. It stays with you, you miss the feelings you had while playing it. And isn2t that the best feeling when you beat a game?
MacrosR'Us	Not Recommended	3.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198007678929/	At this time I wouldn't recommend it unless it's in a half price sale.It had such promise but is just lacking, the combat mechanics are terrible at best they're clunky and tbh if you don't kill the target within the first few blows you run round like an idiot to regain stamina. The idea of using blood as xp is great but only if you want to make the game harder and not gain the achievements. I mistakenly also thought from the videos it would be open world, which it is not at all you have predefined areas you can visit and you can't jump (unless it's a designated teleport site) or climb over obstacles.Wait till it drops in price and then go for it as a game to play on the odd time you're not on PUBG or Fortnite!
Inquisitor Kane	Not Recommended	5.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198027491283/	TL;DRDO NOT BOTHER UNLES YOU LIKE MEDIOCRE CONSOLE GAMES AND IT'S ON A SALE FOR ABOUT 10€.Gameplay is bad, combat is atrocious, RPG and upgrade system is same-old-same-old, there is nothing to explore and story while it's nice, can't cover the fact that all the rest is bad.THE REVIEWAnother game that suffers from the "console disease" and you can feel it every minute of the game. And since this was first game in years that hyped me enough to buy it on the day of the release, I owe it a full review.[h2]GRAPHICS[/h2]Rubbish. Even my old PC can run it on "ultra" settings. Although calling a console game graphics "ultra" is a joke. Anyways, details are so bad, it took me 15 minutes long conversation with a patient to finally noticed that there is something wrong with his face. And he was supposed to be obviously disfigured...  There are no details in this game worth mentioning.[h2]STORY & ATMOSPHERE[/h2]Atmosphere is nice and story is not bad. Maybe I will change it after I finish the game, I am just at the beginning when writing this, but I have some hope since everbody else says makers of this game are well known for the story rich games. I did not play any of them, so I can't tell. But so far it's way better than most of the today's games so I will reserve my judgement for later.[h2]GAMEPLAY & COMBAT[/h2]Now this is why this game should never come to PC. It should have stayed as one of those "exclusives" because what we got was a badly optimised console port with awful controls and dumb down mechanics so console peasants and kids could enjoy the game as well.You use about 1 button for everything (default F) - looting, crafting, jumping, action.... it's atrocious. You even have a lock on button because kids these days can't deal with aiming I guess (why would it be there otherwise)? I understand you need lock on combat for console, but this is a PC version. This garbage has no place in here.Also top row number keys that are assigned to skills that you need to use during the combat DOESN'T WORK. You can't even bind them, you have to use only letters and num pad to re-bind the keys so you can use it in the fight. Very inconvenient for players and a big♥♥♥♥♥YOU to PC gamers. Because developers doesn't care about PC gaming and optimisation, combat could be challenging. But you can make it easier on yourself just by farming exp and junk so you can eventually upgrade your weapons and character until you overpower enemies in the mission area. But overall combat is garbage because enemies have unstoppable leap-attack that you can't dodge or parry and so far every enemy had only 2-3 moves they spam so you just wait and strike or just jump in their face and if you have enough stamina just finish them in few swings.[h2]SURROUNDINGS[/h2]While the atmosphere of old timey London is nice, there is nothing to do. Nothing to explore and nowhere to go. Everything is locked or barricaded so you can't even think about wandering around. There are few "secret" rooms that you can find with your X-ray vision within a minute but there is nothing in there. Only a chest with some garbage loot but nothing really interesting or immersive. Map and movement around is so limited, and all stuff you can pick up glows like fecking christmas tree, so you don't even have to look around. Even if you come to a junction, you will end up on the same spot. This is like your usual corridor shooter from early 2000. Just one way to go.[h2]TALK-SHOW[/h2]You talk in this game. A LOT. Don't get me wrong, I usually play RPGs and go all the way, read the in-game books and ask characters all the details... but here it's a chore. You have to ask everybody the same questions over and over again and after 3 characters,. you are really not interested why the 4th person became a doctor/nurse or why they are in that hospital. You have to divide your time between talking and doing missions, otherwise you'll end up like me. Not caring anymore and from what I understand we are supposed to feel for these people and then make hard choices as who to kill... well after drowning me in their monologues and after none of them being really cool, I would have no problem to kill them all, to be honest. They all feel flat, boring and too ordinary as to give a flying toss about them.
MYnameisPONY	Not Recommended	4.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198163053265/	waste of the money!!
ertugrula1988	Recommended	93.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197977848675/	88/100 - Underrated MasterpieceThe fact that this game's environment design, music, story, voice acting, lore are masterful should be fairly obvious to anyone who looks at it without preconceptions. People have argued the combat is horrible but I did not feel that way at all. The camera works perfectly, never jeapordizes the action, its dodge-focused, intuitive, looks great, vampire powers and upgrades bring more flair as you progress and they are tactically used against you by foes. -It pushed me to my absolute limits towards the end as I chose to not feed on any single person. I'm looking forward to a more beastly playthough later on.- Good balance of human versus supernatural enemies. Stealth is possible and mostly what I did, but could be improved, as without the invisibility power, there is no real way to move through the environment without detection. Which is hard to pull off in a world this detailed, and they probably did not have the budget; which other people are wasting on cloned multiplayer shooters.  But oh my god... The characters, the lore, the choices you will have to make and the consequences make this a not only unforgettable, but replayable, rare action RPG experience. In a class of his own, in that genre, really. It jas Lovecraftian elements, elements that are Celtic, Victorian, some reminiscent of the World of Darkness rpg games. But in the end, it stands tall as a cocktail with undeniable charm, personality and sanguine joy. It stays with you, you miss the feelings you had while playing it. And isn2t that the best feeling when you beat a game?
mrjplays247	Not Recommended	26.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198061960486/	After 20 hours, I wanted to like this game, I really did. I was excited for it all the way up until I started playing it. Let me start by saying that the idea behind the game is great, the setting is good, combat horrid. This game is like the runner who trips at the starting line. It seems to me like they tried to take the Souls Series and Bloodborne as ques for combat and took away that polished feel you get with those games.I will say I've been avoiding embracing the civilians so maybe this is why I'm having an unfun difficult time with the combat, but I'm a Dr for crying out loud who's supposed to help people... i can't go around drinking everyones blood.
Arctic	Not Recommended	13.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198068599251/	I was genuinely excited to be getting a fleshed out vampire game. Hyped and bought it as soon as I realised it was out. And I was devastated to see just how poorly the planning was done...This is a big problem in modern entertainment culture, planning is almost non existent. And you'd think if they weren't going to have a big game based on narrative or story they'd at least have a game with decent combat mechanics. But no. The game is a dumbed down and more forgiving dark souls, with the player being encouraged to dodge attacks and hit when the pattern of attacks is up, rinse and repeat. Even the final boss takes more than 5 full combo hits to take down the player. The story basically leaves the players in the dark. You don't know what you're doing, why you're doing it, or who the characters are. And whenever an option to fill in those blanks comes up, the dialogue very meticulously brushes the question aside (the blood god who turned you into a vampire would actively say "you can't understand the answer to that question so I won't tell you"). And the characters that were even a little fleshed out weren't done effectively. We know that the main character was a doctor, we know he was in WW1, and we know he wasn't too close with his family but his family was close to him. But other than this nothing is revealed. His feelings about other characters go as far as "I love this woman I barely know so I will literally leave everything I have to go to the mountains with her" or "I love this woman I barely know but she wants to kill herself because she's afraid she'll kill everyone so that's too bad".Its clear that the devs want a sequel. They didn't explain anything in this game and there was a LOT to be explained. Hopefully in the next game they fix the clunky controls, improve combat a bit, and add more story to the game. Get some actual dialogue screens (take hints from Deus Ex) and flesh out the characters.
thorisalaptop	Not Recommended	45.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/thorisalaptop/	Vampyr has some interesting ideas, but ultimately it cannot fully deliver on them, and the good is buried under too much poor & frustrating combat.The combat system is quite frustrating. It's doing the Souls/Bloodborne-esque thing that a lot of action RPGs seem to do these days, but not doing it very well. Dodging feels clunky, and I've lost count of the number of times I took damage from an attack that was nowhere near my hitbox. Combine that poor hit detection with spending a lot of the game going up against enemies who are much higher level than you and can kill you in a few hits (at least if you're going for a good ending & not eating everyone), and it quickly becomes a very frustrating experience.Somewhat related, but the game's loading screens can be *very* slow. Like over a minute to move from one area into another area slow, sometimes. I have a pretty beefy PC (although I do still use a spinning platter hard drive instead of an SSD, which likely makes the loading time worse), so this seemed extraordinarily slow to me. These slow loading times were even more frustrating when they came after my occasional deaths due to bad hitbox detection, and ended up making some areas of the game very tedious slogs. Aside from the loading screens, though, the game's performance was perfectly fine, and the framerate stayed high. The graphics won't win any awards, but they're competent. My main quibble there is that the game suffers from "everything is super shiny and reflective, even surfaces that have no business being shiny and reflective" syndrome, which I thought was a habit the industry as a whole got over years ago.Vampyr really does want to tell an interesting story about vampires, and there are interesting themes to cover about human nature, how all people are a mix of good and bad, and how most people are often just a few meals away from behaving like animals, but it both manages to not fully develop those themes enough, and too simultaneously undermine them with gameplay.Case in point: the great "moral choice" of the game (because very game needs an alignment system these days) is whether or not you will kill people to satisfy your undead hunger. The reward for not eating people is you get the good ending, whereas the reward for eating people is large amounts of XP which may have made the game easier. To me, this is already an iffy path to take in a vampire game because what is the point of doing a pacifist run as a vampire where you never actually get to behave like a *vampire*? It would be interesting if the game forced you into needing to choose how to balance your own need for blood with the greater good (e.g. research targets and prey on the wicked to defend the innocent), and you can certainly choose to do that in your own roleplaying if you want, but the game itself doesn't care: as far as the game's alignment system is concerned, eating a serial killer is equivalent to eating an innocent barmaid. To the game's credit, it does sort of try to explain why you should have done a pacifist run at the end, but it's pretty muddled and incoherent, and honestly I feel like there are way more interesting ways to engage with the moral quandries of vampirism.And then there is that the core gameplay loop entirely undermines this moral alignment system. One of your core abilities in combat is biting enemies to replenish your blood (which is like mana). This does reduce the enemy's health some, but it certainly doesn't immediately kill them. So why is biting other people such a huge moral hazard that it always kills them when apparently you're perfectly capable on snacking on people just a little bit and leaving them alive?That may seem like nit-picking: video games are, after all, not known for being realistic. But I believe that games should at least endeavor to be internally consistent, particularly when they are adopting a grim, gritty tone and clearly trying to get the player emotionally invested in their story. How can I be emotionally engaged in a vampire's woeful tale of "I'm so hungry, but I refuse to give in to my baser instincts and kill" one minute when 5 minutes before that I was stabbing a guy with a sword and taking a bite out of his neck?I stuck this game out to the end, but in the end I'm not really sure it was worth it. Vampyr does have some very good world building, and a decently written cast of characters and fleshed out side-quests, and that combined with the hints at the grander background behind the main story line kept me trudging through the combat. But in the end I think the main story line was a bit of a let down as well. Vampyr is trying some things, and it succeeds on some of them, but not enough in my book.
MrGeeBee	Not Recommended	72.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mrgeebee/	Epic failureThis game could have been awesome, in many aspects it is a good game, but it fails because DONTNOD turned a epic story into a hack and slash game.After a great game as Life is Strange which have a deep plot and you actually get to know the people in the story, it keeps your attention without meaningless bucthering. Vampyr also lacks in the conversations, most of them are meaningless and repeatable and you have no chance in altering some serious game affecting answers, which could have been easly implemented, since you are a vampire, seduction and mind reading could have been implemented as a function to alter choices. Unless you want to go on a pointless onlught you have pretty much one choice in game that gives some roleplaying aspect. SPOILER:  Max out Shadow Line and Bite, use stun, bite then use Shadow Mist, rinse and repeat. I still recomend this game though, but only if you play it very slowly, DON'T sleep often, wait until you have alot of XP to spend, everytime you sleep everything will respawn. Backup your save game in C:\Users\[username]\AppData\Local\AVGame\Saved\SaveGames before making any bigger decisions, in that case you can always restore the previous save if something fails. ALWAYS treat every NPC from thiere different disseases, no matter what you think of them, if people start to die you will be doomed to even more slaughter feast, as long as you don't sleep the people don't die or get sick. Stick to 1 Play Style, focus on one line of skils, and make sure that it makes sense paired with them. You will be much better off with 5 fully leveled up skills, than 10 half-way leveled up skills. Make use of the crazy Enemy movement, if you can't take down a group of hunters, fetch a Warewolf, run into the bunch of hunters and watch them fight each other, and then take down the remaining foes.This could have been such a great game, but the game mechanics is just horrible.
kaldausorakle	Not Recommended	2.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198040445146/	I really wanted to like this game however while I can over look many of the things that are not ideal one "feature" more or less limits the game immensely. Not being able to save, or if you mistakenly hit the wrong button, or the action or words that are shown dont match what you indend as what is written is not what is said or done but is simply similar. This means with a game that one action can derail a lot of things there is no way to fix it. Want to know what happens if you choose to kill someone instead of let them live, well hope you like going thru then entire game agian so you can try out the other option. The developers say they want people to "take responsibility" I am all for this just not neccesarily for video games, it should not be used the way it is here. It limits how much of the game you can see, reguardless of how many play thru you do since the game is so choice heavy and you arent able to ever change anything. I would support this if it was an option. Or a difficulty issue, however forcing it for every game and for every choice makes it very possible your hours or game play can be rendered screwed because you choose hit the wrong conversation box, or worse hit what you thought would say or do one thing and something all together different happens, you can spend hours finding out information about someone to increase there xp gain, but if you forgot to choose them before you feed you lose it all and have to way to retrive it. You can also kill or create things that are huge pains in the♥♥♥♥♥later down the road with no means to fix it or even know. Your first kill in the game as a vampire does warn you of bad things if you choose to feed, however you dont know what that is since its the first time you have done it. So on top of not being able to change anything you choose, if out of ignorance you pick something its possible that its going to not allow you to complete other parts of the game, and agian the only way to get to make the choice agian is playing thru the enire game.
DeN_DarK	Recommended	28.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198065867547/	It is actually pretty good game. At first I thought it will be more like VTM. Pity it isn't.I'm still early in the game, but a.t.m:+ main story is good + graphics are smooth and fast, and actually I like it. + combat is difficult, especially if enemies have +5 levels on you and mobs you.+ looting system is nice+ many side questsI think only few things I didn't like about this game right now is:-  you can't skip some dialogues and cutscenes- in skipable dialogues you don't see all phrase in subtitle before you skip it-no epilogue with consiquences of your choicesPS. After Endgame:Main story is interesting but side-quest don't have very much consiquences and result of your decisions and fate of side characters never mentioned in epilogue. It is really sad. I was interested. All this time I played this game I have some familiar sense. And now I get it. It is somehow Witcher 2, but in England and about vampires. Characters and quests may be less interesting but gameplay and level-design very alike. It not so large as Witcher 2 too. All in all it was good game and I hope to play in sequel in modern times.
Avo	Recommended	4.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/overwind/	It has flaws. That much is obvious.Controls are a bit miffy. Inventory is a bit annoying (took some time to even figure out how to equip a gun).You basically have to sit through all the dialogue, because if you skip it, you risk skipping more dialogue lines than you could see (Because it skips that entire reply).But, well, I still think it's a nice game, and I'm having fun.
Solidus	Not Recommended	3.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/exosolid/	I played for 3 hours now and Im really impressed by this game.Good intriguing story in a real dark period in London where choices matter.The atmosphere in this game is incredible and the combat is good fun and not to easy.I give this review a negative because the game crashed and because of that my save file got corrupted, so now I have to start over. I'm ok with starting over because I really enjoy playing this but i'm not ok if it will happen again, so I'm waiting for a fix from the developers before changing this review to positive.So I do recommend the game, because not many have this issue I encountered but this will stay negative until fixed.EDIT: 24/06 still no sign of a update...neither communication from the devs.
Thegayagenda	Recommended	18.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/thegayagenda89/	I feel like alot of the people leaving the bad reviews for this game are forgetting this is not a triple A game. It has some flaws like combat being clunky and the acting can be melodramatic sometimes. But it's still a solidly fun RPG that Im interested in finishing and exploring the world around me. It definitely not an action rpg imo which is why alot of people are not liking it.
ADDISHIN	Recommended	6.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/6tokensleft/	I'm loving this game so far, The graphics are nice. it's somewhat linear, but not totally (I like that part, i hate puzzle games, im just not that bright lol). Additionally, the story is amazeballs, I am definitely engaged with the main character. And i find myself very interested in seeing whats going to happen next. My only con is that my controller constantly just stops working for no reason, sometimes in the middle of fights.....which causes me to lose and die. I'm sure this can be quickly fixed with a patch of some sort.In any event, i def recommend this game for others. I even recorded some gameplay for you all to see if you like it or not. BTW, if you enjoy the video, please subscribe to my channel. Thanks. Vampyr - Playthrough Part 1 - I KILLED My Own sister 
asgfdh	Not Recommended	4.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198154643714/	Dont buy this game its ridiculous and overrated. The price is not worth it, they should lower their price because this game is a trash. This doesn't even compare to other RPG games that i bought.  This game is not one of the best RPGs. At the very start of the game you find the quest difficult, and the display of the player's icon location in the map is frustrating. It's hard to find the objectives and i don't find the story rich or thrilling. This game is just for the average players. I recommend you instead to buy The Council.
honore81	Not Recommended	7.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198012388096/	It's really not a bad game, but it disappoints me from the standpoint of being a "vampire". First of all you get punished for either being a good vampire or a bad one, the game punishes both ways. This isn't really motivating. If you want to level up your skill tree to a decent built, you need the extra xp from killing npcs, but the more npcs you kill, the more your district falls into chaos and enemies will become way stronger than before....and so on.When you fight BAD GUYS and you manage to shock (stun) them, you can bite your enemy for gaining some blood (mana) infight, but just for a few seconds and then the fight goes on. If you choose to bite a NPC for gaining the XP, you HAVE TO KILL THEM! You can't just bite them a "little bit" and hypnotize them afterwards or something like that! No, they have to die!Besides the extra xp you gain from sucking out npcs, it's absolute irelevant if you suck them out or not, you can't "starve" to death or something like that, "blood" itself is just your "mana"-currency in this game. You can't act stealthy as a vampire! I mean, damn it man, I am a f***ing VAMPIRE!?!! Why can't I choose to act like one?!The linear levels of a faked openworld London won't let you fully use your supernatural movement skills. You can only use your "turn-into-a-bat-and-teleport"-move at certain spots in the world. When you consider games like the Batman Arkham series for example, where you can use your graplehook at almost any edge on any rooftop in the openworld, this game isn't even close to that Batman feeling, nor to that what being a Vampire should feel like!All in all the detective part was pretty much fun and interesting too. Even though investigating and monitoring npcs and finding out their "darkest secrets" was fun, it couldn't keep me motivated for too long. Like I said, it's not a bad game, but still I don't recommend this, because for me personally it is a big disappointment!
boblick	Recommended	23.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197971568340/	It's like a good appetizer that leaves you hungry for the main course that never arrives. Still, I do recommend if you like vampire games. There aren't many good ones out there so at least now there is one more. Ps. This would have been a great setting for an Lovecraftian game too!
Budoshi	Not Recommended	16.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197970609628/	this could have been  a better game with more fund and or talent.... honnestly   its  a below average game. nothing special, some bugs here and there, the dialog choice arent clear of the outcome they tell  you something and the opposite happens and it auto save  right after...great? meh ill probably finish it once then im done..probably..
Bait	Not Recommended	23.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197961101202/	I followed this game for years waiting eagerly for all the ideas and features they promised. And while they failed or just plain lied about most of them, I overall found the game to be at least amusing.Unfortunately, there are 2 things that RUINED this game for me            first being that I lost 24 hours of play on this game because of a CORRUPTED SAVE. Which neither using the "back up save" or cloud sync fixes. ----2018 and somehow this♥♥♥♥♥♥happens           Then to add insult to injury. This was originally slated for COMPUTERS, but every time you leave a load point it shows console controls. Showing that they just PORTED a♥♥♥♥♥♥version over to us PC folk. This here is the reason people pirate games.In the end I would get a refund if I could. And if you really want to try this game wait untill there is a VERY large discount because it really does miss almost every mark.
Rolinos	Recommended	14.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/drvonpow/	Seems pretty fun there is more RPG in it than I expected but I am enjoying the story so far.If I was giving it a numbered rating I would go with 7 out of 10 its not perfect but its plenty fun to play.
beaᶠ5t	Not Recommended	3.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/beaF5t/	62 fps lock in pc game in 2k18, facial animation from fallout 3, 3 button combat system, dialogues worse than in fallout 4, 2-3 ambient tracks that rаpе ur brain for hours and in general totally [censored] up gameplay by over9000 pointless actions and dialogues.Not recommended to buy at current state, maybe there'll be some fixes later that will improve the gameplay, if not just an average B level project which is sold for a price of A+ game.
lautric	Not Recommended	41.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198121214156/	The game does not offer any actual choices matter that actualoly matter, you will always fall in love with the ashbury lady, and the characters dont continue their story, for example the broken arm guy just sits there and never gets treatment at all till you finish the game...additionally, after you go to the ending you cannot go back and bite everyone you left alive or free roam the world which was a massive disappointment.
Cendir	Recommended	40.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198024256225/	It is a very Good game with a good gimmick. Every Npc has a name and backstory, and the more you dont feed, the more hard the game gets, an your always underleveled. On the other hand, the more you feed , on the set named characters that you know, the easier it gets, but the worse story wise things will get . It Has 4 endings . Its verry good . The combat some people complain about, and yes it is clunky , but far from unplayable, and clunky means it can be exploited, and it offers some action . It kinda reminds me of a tabletop Rpg, in a good way.
7ftHairyBiped	Not Recommended	3.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198449815225/	Game lures you in with the promise of having vampire rampage in the streets of london but really it like having a million pointless conversations.
Ryua	Recommended	22.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197977678582/	Here, have some first impressions.This is not the theoretical ultimate vampire experience, but neither was Vampire - The Masquerade: Bloodlines (VTMb). Both are games which explore a variety of vampire themes and dabble with their expression in different ways. It's arguable that a comparison with VTMb is not fair, however I believe that as a game that also strives to deliver an immersive vampire experience comparison better highlights the strengths and weaknesses of Vampyr.Theme:Vampyr is up it's own♥♥♥♥♥with it's theme. "What is sand but tortured glass" is a line plucked from an introductory cutscene. It's an excessively drab and dreary setting and whether that's a strength or weakness depends on what you're looking for. You have to be able to revel in it to enjoy it, especially when it's corny at times. It just so happens to be that I was personally looking for that.Dialogue:What first surprised me with Vampyr is how ridiculously dialogue heavy it was. I expected a sort of Deus Ex: Vampire Revolution, like VTMb, but was met with more of a visual novel. To best enjoy this game you need the patience to exhaust every dialogue option and learn about insignificant characters for that unlocks "hints" and "clues" about the stories surrounding them. In a practical sense these unlocks lead to either massive amounts of XP should you choose to kill them afterwards or side quest progression should you help them, which rewards you with district health instead. I personally find myself a somewhat impatient when it comes to learning about characters that I don't care for, but find it rewarding to be given full depth to characters I do.To lightly spoil a minor character, there's a patient with apparent nerve pain. You learn about him from speaking to him, speaking to his nurse about him, his doctor, and finding his medical history. At this point he's just bursting with XP, enough to purchase nearly five skills/upgrades. You could consume him, or use the knowledge to heal him and level up the district, which makes combat more rare and affects some dialogue.Combat:Combat is bloodborne. Hits have impact. Yeah, it has differences, but it's close enough to cut it there. Much better than VTMb, but isn't revolutionary. 
nice garry	Not Recommended	5.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/faeriye/	 [spoilers] i've tried so hard to like this game, the story is interesting and the characters believable but i simply cannot muscle myself to want to play this further.cons:the camera is unresponsive and slowthe controls feel delayed and clunkythe graphics leave a lot to be desiredthe movement is wholly inadequatevoice acting feels off during many dialogue scene's (poorly scripted?)"boss" dungeon level design is extremely linearperformance stutters heavily during loading (this can happen mid-combat)pros:character and story depth is therethe plague adds consequence to violencemelee attacks feel very weightygreat soundtrack(sadly that's it)this game does not feel anywhere near worth it's pricetag and i am wholly disappointed at the execution of what could have been a terrific game; i'd probably give it a 6.5/10, great idea, not so great game.
StraightUpIrish	Recommended	16.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/StraightUpIrish/	I'm not very good at writing reviews but I have gotten the grasp of what the game is after the hours put in. Between the citizen mechanic to combat and all that.All I really have to say about this is the amount of people who are comparing is kind of disgusting. One side of reviews is people who are honest about the game and not filled to the brim with pesimism.The other side seems to be people with brains a little too simple for reviewing games.You have a gorgeously developed world which has the setting to a tee in terms of accuracy.The combat while sharing similarities to other games, has a lot of different styles to try with enough skills that I can try combat scenarios in several ways.People are complaining about the "facial animations", the "repetitive nature of enemies" yet both of those things are literally dark souls yet people are defending dark souls. Makes no sense but people are people.I don't want to delve into details too much but do yourself a favour if you like slow paced RPGs where you can learn about the citizens, you love listening to heavy dialogue, you love the atmosphere of worlds and all other fairs of immersion with a developing character all throughout the game, then this game will be for you. Also its godamn vampires man, who doesn't love vampires?I highly recommend this for those with patience.If you don't have patience, aka every dark souls enthuasiast in the reviews play the game and enjoy it!Also for those complaining about technical issues, I run a 750ti and xeon processor and I get a solid 45-50fps on high settings. Don't complain. Just enjoy this wonderful experience.
DrPhilsCharisma	Recommended	24.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198196283662/	I'm a hetro male and i've sucked more people in 22 hours than a coked up hooker at a frat party.
Griffiola	Recommended	2.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/griffiola/	First hour thoughts, immersive introduction. Great soundtrack. Aesthetically pleasing. Level design is done extremely well. The story is intriguing from the get go, and was very hard to turn off after an hour. To be very picky the audio in the dialogue could be better, but in my head I am comparing it to The Witcher 3. Also it feels like a controller is more suited to the game. However, there is no stand out problem with a keyboard and mouse. Vampyr seems to have a lot of optional depth to the story like the Witcher has, including documentation lore and character social groups. A thing that i found interesting about this game early on is that the game suggests that there are multiple ways to go about each segment. For example, there is a page that shows you a number of locked hints that by unlocking will give you a better idea of the specific character. The fact you can craft medicine to offer aid to sick people, which might open up new pieces of information towards hints? and the event that I covered within the hour which i found distinctively different from any other event previous, that was a conversation with a one time slection of a multiple choice dialouge. These events probably change the quests outcome or events that will occur during / after them. This game suggests that it has replay value, given you enjoy the mechanics and design!I look forward to playing this further.
RedHood17	Recommended	53.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/redhood_17/	To start this review I have to say, that I've waited for this game to come out for more than a year. I love the Idea of Vampires and all those kinds of mythical creatures, lurking around at night and for all of you out there who love it as well, I highly recommend this game.The game is very atmospheric and offers a lot of information about its own Vampire universe, for the player to really understand. Of course there are many different presentations of Vampires, some of which would be far more surreal. But me personally, I like this more discrete and humanoid versions of Vampires (Ekons) just as well. But leaving the fanboy within aside and starting only to look at the game on neutral bases, I still think that this game is a masterpiece!For starters the game teaches you its mechanics very well. There was no point in the game were I was confused about what I had to do or in which I was bothered by a "tutorial". Everything new gets explained exactly when it needs to be and that gives the player a very fluent feeling of progress. Also the mechanics them selves are very easily to master. Though I would still recommend playing with a controller, it is also more than playable with mouse and keyboard. The combat system works just fine and you never have the feeling that something is unfair. However, this doesn't mean, that its not a challenge. Though it seems easy at the beginning, it gets very hard depending on some of your decisions. Let's just say, never ever was it this hard for me to try to be the good guy. And while I'm at it, I also noticed a real change of game with different decision making. I had three playthroughs so far and each went very different. That also applies on the chosen playstyle. There are many ways to skill the character and choose weapons to cooperate with your personal playstyle. Of course everyone of them gives you some strengths and weaknesses, but its all very well balanced.As it should be I saved the best for last. The thing that impressed me most in this game, was the map design. This is one of the few games I've played, which managed to have a somewhat large map to be completely accessible and not needing a fast travel system. Shortcuts and secret passages you'll find, will always enable a fast connection to different parts of the map.All in one I think that this is a great game and I would recommend it to anyone who loves an awesome dark story with Vampires, a lot of action and some great Boss fights!
i_porter	Not Recommended	1.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Sillyelmo910/	I had mixed feeling with Vampyr.I bought this on day one , couldn't wait anymore.Love the desperate atmosphere of the city.The stylish cutscenes are a perfect presentation of the sequence of events.Voice acting isn't too shabby but dialouges are occasionally odd and redundant, Doctor loves interrogations but the citizens don't. You progress by investagating bloodstains, footprints,  using withcher sense.... and chatting with citizens, sounds familiar, right?... and you do fight like a witcher... the combat mechanism is actually a mixture of Witcher and simplified Dark souls.Stamina never runs out in combat. I wonder why it exists.This game just lacks its own character to stand out as a great ARPG game. With mediocre combat, average Leveling and upgrading system... you easily get bored.The game is supposed to put you into a dilemma whether you should sacrifice a human....But that isn't the case at all, you can spear lives without problem. No much consideration here. I just bite someone who acts like an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, that's all....It isn't a huge let down to me, but the average performance couldn't justify the $50 price tag of a triple-A title.  Given that you can get Vampire: The Masquerade – Bloodlines at $5 ,Withcher 3 at $207/10Shouldn't rush in, just wait for price drop
i_porter	Not Recommended	1.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Sillyelmo910/	I had mixed feeling with Vampyr.I bought this on day one , couldn't wait anymore.Love the desperate atmosphere of the city.The stylish cutscenes are a perfect presentation of the sequence of events.Voice acting isn't too shabby but dialouges are occasionally odd and redundant, Doctor loves interrogations but the citizens don't. You progress by investagating bloodstains, footprints,  using withcher sense.... and chatting with citizens, sounds familiar, right?... and you do fight like a witcher... the combat mechanism is actually a mixture of Witcher and simplified Dark souls.Stamina never runs out in combat. I wonder why it exists.This game just lacks its own character to stand out as a great ARPG game. With mediocre combat, average Leveling and upgrading system... you easily get bored.The game is supposed to put you into a dilemma whether you should sacrifice a human....But that isn't the case at all, you can spear lives without problem. No much consideration here. I just bite someone who acts like an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, that's all....It isn't a huge let down to me, but the average performance couldn't justify the $50 price tag of a triple-A title.  Given that you can get Vampire: The Masquerade – Bloodlines at $5 ,Withcher 3 at $207/10Shouldn't rush in, just wait for price drop
Flan666	Not Recommended	9.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/flaanlkz/	This door is locked simulator.Seriously, too overpriced. Wait for a sale.
FifthCreepyKid	Recommended	3.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/fifthcreepykid/	Can suck blood from rats. 10/10
yevgenyt11	Recommended	20.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198192525535/	Fans of Vampire - The Masquerade: Bloodlines be aware! This game is all the rage! Seriously love every second. The atmosphere is spot on and the environments are very detailed, gothic and beautiful. There are a lot of side quests, NPCs and skills to discover and it's all very creepy and really just a huge fan service to all vampire lovers - escpecially if you're into the victorian gothic setting. This game has some terrific Penny Dreadful vibes too! Sure, it's a bit rough around the edges, if you look into the combat mechanics and the somewhat aging animations... but it's a story focused RPG and it's good at world building, level design and atmosphere. So if it all sounds good to you, just ignore the mixed reviews and get this gem.
Infinityblade	Recommended	9.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198180375886/	Great game, not worth the $50 though. Wait for a sale. 30-40 would be good
Kodiak88	Not Recommended	60.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198010429684/	Don't pay more than $20 for this game.  The acting and visuals are excellent but the gameplay (not the story) lacks any logic and the dialogue is full of annoying socialist polemics (free healthcare, class struggle, etc. etc.). For example, you can slaughter countless vampire hunters (which quickly becomes tedious) but if you want any real xp then you need to kill civilians (why? what happend to just a drink?) and to kill civilians and get the most xp they make you listen to their backstory and hunt for clues about them. Weird.  It's all clumsy, claustrophobic and unsatisfying. I always felt like I was on rails in this game. I really felt no sense of immersion.  Wish someone would make a new Vampire: Masquerade game.
Noobified	Not Recommended	1.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198002644792/	Had to ask Steam for a refund. needs some polishing for sure. A game that focuses on story needs to make sure the story is actually told to the player. I keep having skipped dialogues and sometimes even skipped subtitles for the skipped dialogues. Maybe i will pick this up again after a few patches.also, clearly is a port from console, mouse and keyboard is annoying to play with.
Sleepy	Not Recommended	46.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SleepyFeets/	disclamier- I'm not done with the game as of yet. perhaps I will change it when I'm done. My English isn't that good...I bought this game the second it was available on steam. I'd been following the game for a while, and was excited to play  something with vampires in it for once.  I feel like that is a trope people are bored with, but  I'd rather see a vampire game than another zombie game.-----When I started the game, I quickly realised the voice acting is very choppy, and bland at most. some of the animations in the cutscenes was a little awkward. However, that usually doesn't matter in itself as long as it isn't game breaking.----Then the first fighting scene happened; and I quickly realised the fighting in this game is terrible. It's slow to respond, and difficult to control. further into the game, the AI on the other hand murdering me left and right. I'm not very skilled in action games I will admit(I need to git gud), but here it feels more like a delibrate choice. (I know killing off NPCs are supposed to make you stronger, but they should at the very least give the 'pacifists' a chance to progress...)No matter where I go, no matter how much I try to lvl up- the AI is always 4+ lvl higher than me. They can do multiple attacks over and over, spam abilites and teleport around the map without an issue- While I'm hardly able to do one attack without being hit 3 times. -------so far I'm in chapter three. And oh boy am I sick and tired of the rain in this game. the dark, dull colors and the poor lighting. It's a pain to navigate in the map, and everywhere I go there's a locked gate, and enemies to instantly kill you.I'm just bad at the game in generalsend helpsos 
MeatShake	Recommended	6.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/MeatShake/	Nosferatu: Ace Attorney.
Skywagon	Not Recommended	15.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198141593866/	The game does have good things going for it - the atmosphere is solid, the plot seems interesting enough and the combat, while pretty mediocre overall, is serviceable enough for a game that doesn't feel like fighting is one of its main selling points. I could easily see spending lots of time here getting to know all the characters, collecting hints and rummaging through nooks and cranies of plague-infested London. But it's the control scheme that kills it for me and why I can't give it an upvote, because it ultimately makes many aspects of the game a frustration to go through. It's a very shoddy console port and it becomes very apparent 5 minutes into the game that no effort or quality control has gone into making sure that mouse/keyboard control scheme is up to snuff or at least isn't bugged - which it is. The Keybondings are borked and just flat-out don't work in soem cases (you can reassign some buttons, especially Tab, all you want, the game will still treat it as default keybondings no matter what you have visually input in the configuration screen) and some features are flat out missing: like toggle-to-run/walk or even something as simple as switching target locks in combat. Those "features" are simply unavailable to keyboard/mouse users. The game itself seems fun, but it's an exercise in frustration to actually play because of shoddily implemented port and no thought given to make the controls actually work decently unless you are a gamepad. If the devs actually go and fix this mess, which really shouldn't be that hard and should have been done in the first place, I would easily give the game thumbs-up. As it is, it's just frustrating to get my character to do what I want it to do.
Flowjangles	Not Recommended	78.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Flowjangles/	I have been playing video games for 32 years, and I can't remember the last time I was so disappointed in a game. Not just because I paid $60, either! The graphics are mediocre, the story is boring AF, the characters are boring AF, the combat system gets old SUPER fast... did I mention this game is BORING AF?!?Avoid at all COSTS!!! DO NOT PAY MONEY FOR THIS GAME!!!
Tit Master Ronnie	Not Recommended	25.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198017086107/	have played the game for about 10 hours now. Visuals are great. Atmosphere is soooo good. The fact that i cant keep a manual only save slot is frustrating for the times that i blow the conversation due to "wrong" choices that relentlessly punish me because im not a mind reader. reccomend on sale.
Vegan Atheist	Recommended	42.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/8799644/	Outstanding game - just make sure you use the infinite EXP Glitch - I just couldn't get bothered to fight the respawning enemies and I wanted to explore as much of London as possible. I also wanted to play without having to rely on HUD.This game is amazing: The narration, the story, voice acting, investigations, the atmosphere, the music, choices and consequences - everything fits perfectly well.  Every NPC is distinct.  And even the related NPCs look like each other.The game took me 40 hours to complete. In the interest of preserving immersion, time and sanity, you might want  to use the EXP glitch (just gold "O" or "P" in the skills upgrade menu just before you rest). This way, you will vaniquish any foe and able explore London pretty much unimpeded. I found myself very invested in the characters and the protagonist.The plot thickens with every few hours and your actions and inactions will lock you out of certain quests. However, the level design is extremely asymetrical and counter-intutitive. I kept using the map every 15 seconds until the last few hours of the game.   While London is fun to explore, it also becomes a chore to navigate it the more you play.8/10
ZerolessmusicDTD	Recommended	2.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Zerolessmusic/	So far I'm really enjoying this game, as some other reviews have said the movement feels a little weird sometimes but it still works fine. The story as of right now is interesting and I like the mix between dark vampire story and investigation story. I'll definitely update my review as time goes on but I'm definitely having fun so far!
Newax	Not Recommended	57.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198020758511/	DO NOT BUY IF YOU'RE FROM POLANDI've made the mistake of buying a boxed version of this game from Media Markt, which was a bit cheaper than the one on steam. I've quickly discovered that Polish is the only avaible language option, and all the other languages are simply blocked.I've tried contacting support, asked why is this happening and if i could pay extra for possibly upgrading the game to international version, and the answer i got is, quote:"Unfortunately, a Steam key cannot be upgraded or modified. Not to mention the grey market controlled by unauthorized retailers selling stolen Polish keys for cheaper."So now i cant refund the game, cant get it fixed, and the only way for me to play it in English is to delete it from my account and buy it again, effectively wasting twice the amount of money on one gameNot a big problem if you're fine with Polish language, but as someone who can't stand it in games, it makes Vampyr nearly unplayable at the times.
Emperor Karl Fredrik	Not Recommended	4.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198024032771/	The dialog system limits choices in a manner not befiting a RPG game. The story is controlled and your choices while they change the game visualy it does not seem to change how you play the game. No day and night cycle, this would have been interesting forcing you too keep too the shadows or indoors/sewers. No stealth, pure open combat which i don't like playing as a vampire i would much rather stick to the shadows and manipulate and silently kill my enemies though having the option of engaging my enemies head on.
Vault Dweller	Not Recommended	3.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198025628667/	I won't really give this or a good or bad review. As the concept is really cool, but the game I feel wasn't implemented the right way. There doesn't seem to be much freedom of exploration, and the combat feels repetitive, the progression system is there but it's very small and doesn't feel like you're going to unlock much. Instead of the protagonist feeling like an epic vampire with super strength/reflexes and can be an awesome acrobat and have a lot of freedom of exploration, he feels kind of like a plastic figure that's able to move only in certain places (Kind of similar to X-Com) But a 3rd person. There isn't really any real stealth or amazing finising moves, and the combat feels very repetitive. It's a really cool concept, and the story seems very well thought out and planned, it makes sense and doesn't feel rushed. But the gameplay just feels like it's missing a lot of things. I wouldn't really give this game a bad review, but it's not really amazing either.     To be honest I feel I have more fun playing a vampire in Skyrim than this game and I feel I may have wasted a lot of money on this game, I figured due to some games like (Life is Strange) This would be as fun if not more fun than that game, but sadly I feel it's not much in comparison. The freedom of choice (Good or evil) is really cool, but the combat just feels empty and the progession feels small. I like the fact it's difficult to progress if you play more of a good guy, but it feels like there isn't much to really progress forward. I feel bad leaving this review after they've worked so long and so hard on this game, I just feel maybe I should buy it another time at a lower price, the exploration just feels too restricted like a train ride and the combat is just too rinse and repeat. I hope in the future if they make a 2nd game of this, or they do a big patch that adds a lot of this game, I would come back and play it in a heartbeat. I just feel the game is very empty in a lot of ways.
Novinka	Recommended	32.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/asiawow/	Blood is flowing through the streets, the evil shadows are hiding in the dark alleys and waiting for another prey.The end is near.The London needs you doctor Reid.It's time to take matters into your own hands.You will like this, trust me. The eternal life flowing through your veins.The power of your words, to manipulate and acquiring knowledge.The strength, to clear your way to your goal.But remember, people are not our puppets to play and feed.They are just weak and fragile, like you before.You respect them, you understand them, you remember who you were.So go and do what you must.And I will stay here and wait...Go my Champion, make me proud.
Maelor	Recommended	31.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/maelor777/	Just finished it.It's not perfect. But that's kinda the point. It's not one of those big "TRIPLE-A" ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, and you can tell, you can feel it. It has its art, it has its quirkiness. But it feels complete. The story makes sense; the characters develop; you are presented with meaningful choices. It has some bizarre design choices: why do you have to keep saying the same two lines when you feed on rats; why is the most powerful weapon in the game so weak; why do mandatory dialogue choices repeat stuff you've already read in such obvious lore documents, and a few others. The story is actually good. It's not Deus Ex: but it has a beginning, a middle, an end, and its own style. Yeah, there's lots of dialogue. And the game doesn't shy away from it, but embraces (haha) it.Give it a try. Contrary to what some others have said, two hours will give you a really good idea about the rest of the game. At no moment was I surprised by the gameplay evolution; on the contrary, when the game did try some new stuff (church puzzle), I was pleased.And for all our sakes, consider the fact that it's a smaller studio and that this is EXACTLY the kind of game the industry needs right now to freshen up from the open-world triple-A nausea.
DarkBeing	Recommended	24.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/darkbeing/	Product received for free
GhostedMemory	Recommended	14.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/monkeylad68/	[As of this review I have only played 6.1 Hours of this game I will update it as I go]Pro's:+Good Graphic's (Not super realistic looking more of a assassins creed syndicate style of graphic's)+Good Combat Pace (I wouldn't say as fast as bloodborne or as uniqe as dark souls 3 but a good balance of in between)+Can Be A Challenge (Going the no killing NPC's route give's a challenge of gathering exp to level up, may be a grind to some)+Mystery Aspect (You get to do investigation's and get down to the bottom of things may be tedious to some but favored for others)+Looting (Looting in this game is rather simple varying from Trash Can's, Boxes, People, Ect...)+Weapon Upgrade's (It's rather simple to upgrade your weapon's especially if you collect alot of stuff from looting and isn't that hard to find item's needed)+Semi Open World (You can roam around freely if you please to find Weapon's, Part's, Or just enemy's to kill. Though not as big as some would think the world is rather decent in size)+NPC System (Decide whether killing or keeping is neccessary for your playthrough NPC's are your's to decide granting you EXP if you so decide as to kill one or not)+Treatment And Disease (NPC's can have some type of illness or condition which you can decide to treat or not granting you more EXP if you treat the illness and decide to kill them later for more EXP's)+Abilities And Perks (Fair share of abilities you get not much I personally enjoy them its a give or take with this one)Con's:-Can't Be Full Pacifist As Was Promist (You will have to kill no avoiding it, while you can sneak around random enemies you cannot however get away with no killing whatsoever unless I just have not descovered how to yet)-Not Much Uniqueness To NPC's And Enemies (NPC's seem a little bland in my opinion same goes for enemies as they dont really have a feature that makes them seem Unique of feel alive so to say)-Not Much Facial Expressions (Character's do not seem to show a bit of concern when talking about any situation nor really react towards a question you ask, you may get the casual Smile Or Mad faces but thats about as much as you will get)-Why Yell So Much??? (When you have a "Hint" on a NPC you can question them about it but every time you do no matter the question it always seems to be asked aggressively almost seems like yelling. May be a feature or a flaw I honestly dont know)-Can Get Cornered Way To Easily In Combat (Enemies will body block you and you cannot go through them with dodgeing or anything. If you're against 3 people and you get cornered you're as good as dead because nothing will get you out of that one unless you're quick to kill one of them)Neutral:=Weapons (The weapons nearly play the same besides One hand/Off hand or Two handed weapon, I haven't gotten to the later game weapons but as of right now they are what they are nothing really special)=Combat (You're not going to be getting anything special when it comes to combat its as simple as pressing X and Y for attacks depending on what you have equipt not much combo's ether)=Liniar Gameplay (Missions and task's are pretty straight forward no avoiding it, you will not get lost when it come's to direction's this game will hold your hand May be great for some or annoying towards others.Overall:With all honestly this game is a Hit or Miss, ether you will love it or hate it. In my eyes this game is great I have not had a fun game like this one in a while. With all the aspect's to consider there are alot of stuff to take into consideration while playing this game like Killing a NPC for EXP, Treating a NPC for a illness otherwise it might spread, Upgrading your skills/perks and weapons, and doing investigations/task's for a NPC. So if you like games that have Investigations, Crafting, Challenging combat, Critical Decision making, or playing your card's right then I'd say this game is for you. If you are concidering purchasing this game but not sure whether to do so or not I'd say try it you have at least 2 hours to play before you cannot get a refund though I'd recommend not to quit while you are in the tutorial wait until you get to the hospital at least.Rating: 8/10 remaining Unbias, 11/10 being bias towards the theme
ZyoZyo Pintam Hellcase.com	Recommended	12.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/DDG_Dennis_Da_Gamer/	thsi ahs to be one of the most interesting Vampire games i have played and i have played alot of Vampire games fromC astlevania to Vampire Hunter Vampire The Masquerade and Dracula Legacy of Kain aswell....this one has a rare grip on me its setting and story line and Vampires itself....its truelly a very unique experience from otehr Vampire games out there in the world and i have to say its not a bad one either....Spanish Flu and Vampires in 19th century london....i could not have asked for a better setting for a Vampire story Nice Going im enjoying this alot
givingpresent485	Recommended	6.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198841141096/	Product received for free
Hello There	Recommended	31.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/owari_da/	best game 2k18 you can eat rats + nice nudes  11/10
jeff	Recommended	30.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/cristianojefffitas/	Vampyr’s intriguing story and innovative gameplay mechanics make it a worthy purchase. It’s a shame the game has an abundance of frame rate drops and glitches ,but the setting and overall gameplay mechanics do make up for it. It also has a decent levelling system and some remarkable vampiric abilities at disposal. Overall it’s an excellent vampire game and a great RPG.
donald mongugo	Recommended	9.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198016066134/	Surprise hit for me. I actually really enjoy the game. Great story, great characters, good graphics, good voice acting, alright combat. There are so many choices you can make in this game, it's ♥♥♥♥ing unbelievable.Worth it at full price? I don't know, but I can definitely say it's worth the -33% off.
Ocelot	Recommended	35.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198082610824/	I think you'll enjoy this game if you like-good narrative-great atmosphere, the building's, streets, clothes, area really does lend great atmosphere to the game and time period.-difficult choices to make -engaging dialogue and lots of interesting people to talk to-Vampires (obviously)-luring wenches into dark alleys to "embrace" them ;)You may not like it however if you-want deep engaging combat-lots of enemy types-huge open worldAnd honestly the last 3 aren't big dealbreakers, they are just the weaker parts of the game in my opinion. I'm having a blast with this, I feel it falls into the category of games that are solid 7/10. Well worth a buy
Wolven	Recommended	45.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198084408161/	An immersive small niche game, dialogue heavy, with cinematics and historically detailed city design and matching background really artistic music. I love the main character and his drama and choices and I actually speak with everyone, because I'm really interested what they have to say and what kind of problems they deal with - it is more detective like gameplay for me. I still didn't figure out how to use spells, so I combat everything with a knife - it works quite well for me. (EDIT: I figured it out, but anyway I don't understand why I cannot use standard PC keys for spells - 1-9 keys, which are much more intuitive than F1-F5 )The only thing which is discutable for me is absence of manual safe, but with console type of automatic saving every time you do anything, atleast it is not annoying. And I just wish there would be always such niche immersive games. The only similar game I know about is Game of Thrones and some other games partially.EDIT2:when I compare it to Vampire:the Masquerade - the Half-life engine is much more intuitive and confortable to play, also you had more of classes and types of vampires, so the replay value and the freedom you felt was bigger. this game is much more focused on narratives, dialogues and dark visuals, but it has less of mechanics. Mars War Log uses similar engine like this game and when players complained about it, Technomancer was only bigger, but with the same limitations and worse storytelling, so I guess I will be ok with this engine if it will allows them to focus on the their immersive storytelling and enviroment.EDIT3:after playing longer I think why players say it is a very dark game, it means it is quite european like tragic, it reminds me a lot of Dragon Age Origin Mage's circle tower fights, but the whole game is like that, and also why a lot of players don't like it - you are more a doctor in old England most of the time with a bit of zombie's surrounding, and not a vampire making intriques or having pleasure from drinking people's blood, trying to blend with normal people most of the time. So who loves that themes, loves the game, but if someone was expecting something more like vampire the masquarade, he will be disappointed. But in that area of doctor in old London, the immersion is 100% and the dialogues, music, interesting, crazy NPCs, just everything really hits the mark for me. Only the saves feature sucks more and more for me - my PC keeps crashing alot during dialogues and with impossibility to manually save just before it, I have to repeat a lot :(
tinydanzig	Recommended	30.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198172110582/	Slow, Creepy, Hard, Sometimes longwinded....The repercussions of me trying to play a super nice vampyre are very severe. Great and thematic, a little repetetive through the conversation aspect, but I like it. The RPG elements feel very important and as if every upgrade I choose is very important. The graphics aren't the best, I definitely just watched a woman walk in place behind the main character for about 2/3s of the dialogue of a scene, sometimes audio will cut halfway through the first word for a second and then finish the sentence like a poorly dubbed film. Pretty cool though, not upset I bought it
Farhnir	Recommended	40.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Abaddon93/	I enjoy this game  though combat system is really boring as hell...... But everything else is above normal and sometimes even excellent. Definetly recomending to play it.
MericSever	Recommended	18.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197998297395/	Finaly a good vampire game has arrived made be DONTNOD (Life is Strange) is dialog and investigating heavy like Sherlock and VTM - bloodlines had a bayby.Gameplay - Very similer to VTM and The Witcher (series) only WAY smoother movement (as to VTM) as is the combat main hand / offhand attacks and 5 (spell) skills slots and the dialog interactions have been done well and are importaint.Visual/Audio - Excellent for what it is only downside are some of the facial animations having an emotional range of a teaspoon though the player character is fine and Vioce acting is sofar excellent.Story - sofar i have had a good time in game BUT you must get involved in the dialog and listen or read carfully as there are ques as to character responses also findout as much as posible about a character before using HINTS (Blue text) as you can fail them ..... actual dialog choices and consequences HOLY SH##Overall the game is good and worth it though if you are here for a bloodfest action evil RPG ...... no just no
The Golden Knight	Recommended	36.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/LVGoldenKnights/	Get this game if you anwser yes to these five questions.1. Have you ever wanted to play Penny Dreadful the game with some Peaky Blinders mixed in? 2. Do you like World of Darkness type stories? 3. Can you handle playing a Wal-Mart brand combat system that resembles Arkham Knight/Arkham City but is still fun?4. Do you like Dialog heavy RPGs?5. Is your attention span normal? Then this is the game for you. Yes it could have probably used a bit more time in the oven. But that could have been due to budget. But overall this is a great game that is a unqiue experience with great ideas. We simply need more games like this it is as simple as that, I haven't played a great Vampire game since Vampire the Mascarade Bloodlines - which in my opinion is a flawed masterpiece. So Vampyr is a welcome edition to gaming. I guess you could consider the newer two Castlevania games "vampire" games too but I don't - and they aren't RPGs.In a time where many AAA studios are waging war on Single Player RPGs with ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t propaganda. Posting♥♥♥♥♥♥like, "People don't enjoy single player RPGs as much as they did 5 to 10 years ago." We can use every Single Player RPG that is good and especially originally we can get.Vampyr is a great game and a unique flavor. I love traditional Vampires and there isn't enough of them in games. Again it has flaws but even the masterpiece Vampire the Mascarade Bloodlines had them - Vampyr has far less than that.
Master Deh	Recommended	25.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/AzIz-33/	Great acting, Interesting characters, and stories. The combat is fine. Runs perfectly on my PC as I haven't noticed any significant drops at any moment. Also the soundtrack is fantastic.
Shork Week	Recommended	15.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ShorkWeek/	Great and unique RPG, reminds me a lot of vampires the masquerade, without as much customization.Maybe that can be added in future games, I would love to play as a Vulkod.Biggest cons are the combat can be clunky at times, and the voice acting seems a little unnatural.
Sarif	Recommended	26.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/firesplash260/	This is my first review and I'm making it because I feel that this game is being misjudged. It's true the combat could be more challenging and there are too many mobs. There should be difficulty settings because the experience system is flawed. That being said this game is incredible. The amount of npc character interactions is immense and each of these interactions contribute to a deep level of storytelling. I've spent hours weeving my way around a dark and brooding london trying to unlock each npc's story arc. I'm not doing it for the blood but for the sheer beuty of their lives. The main story is also astounding in its complexity and rich detail. It is a culmination of all you could want in a vampire game. The hints of lore (sometimes huge doses of the stuff) is enough to pull you in for hours upon hours.In short I am in love with this game and I reccomend it to anyone who enjoys an amazing storytelling experience.
AJB150	Recommended	10.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198341605675/	very good so far
Morghy	Recommended	115.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198054060074/	First a warning.This in nothing like Dark Souls or Bloodborne game. Combat does look similar but difficulty is nothing like Soul games. It is more for casual players. So big Soul game fans should avoid it if they are thinking playing this for challenge combat and spare us crying about it on forums.Now that that's out of the way I am not good at writing reviews (and english lol ) so I will keep it simple:story is good (game has a lot of dialog so get ready to talk to NPC alot)combat is simple but fun (can be awkward sometimes)graphics are good overall but not alwaysvoices, music and dialogue are damn goodlooking for hints, getting to know your victims (for extra exp) and the region health management (curing and helping NPC) is good touch to the gamesome side quests (investigations) can be easily missed or fail if you dont do them when you discover themcould be longer so hoping for some DLC expansionsAny way this is my opinion. So overall a very enjoyable RPG game. Not perfect but very enjoyable.I give it 7.5/10
King Andus a silly robot🍌	Recommended	41.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198040830522/	technicalA good option menueONLY AUTOSAVE, so not able to savescum if thats yer thing! but I personally found it to not matter to much cuz the game was very bug freeOnly 2 minor bug troughouth the game even before any patches after releas! more games should release this bug free :)the side questions can sometime be a bit wierd, cuz you ask one thing and he sounds calm then you ask another thing and yout character is like FRANK EATE HAMBURGERS AT THE JOB!?SUBJECTIVEGreat musicloved the story, altho the ending was a bit, meh,I went for a rat diet, and still didn't find the game to difficult
Kiefgamer	Recommended	14.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Kiefgamer/	I consider this game will be one of the best titles of 2018. Its a mix of Dark Souls easymode and a rather good story, although it being kinda weird at the ending its worth playing in my opinon. By the way it should be said that the phrase 'farewell' might be overused in some dialoges.
shwatson	Recommended	4.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/shwatson/	I launched the game to a weird green graphical error where the screen was glitchy and made the game unplayable. For whatever reason switched to windowed mode fixed this, but it was still there.On top of this, the game seems alright. I really hate the combat but I've waited for this game for so long so I'll refrain from admiting to myself that I don't like the game and keep powering through like a true American.Also it's about as open world as tetris so don't expect to have any fun while playing this game whatsoever.You know, I'd really like to apologize for my last statement. Tetris doesn't deserve that kind of hate. It's a better open world game than this is.
Halok	Not Recommended	37.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/FelixAlistor/	Everyone, I would like to present to you the smaller and slightly less sick younger brother of Mass Effect Andromeda.This game desperately wanted to be more than it was, and buried underneath the infuriatingly floaty impercise combat and awkwardly non-emotive character models is an honestly interesting premise and story. Much like Remember Me, Dontnod's first game, there are some really cool ideas in here and the basic premise is interesting, but mechanically it lacks the polish needed to be properly "good". If you're underleveled compared to the enemies, which you have to be since the only way to get the "good" ending is to kill absolutely no NPC's and killing NPC's gives far more exp than anything else. This could be managable, but since the combat is so underdeveloped and frankly awful it makes that far more infuriating than the few moments at the end of "yay good ending" are worth. Before I mentioned that the combat was "floaty" and that's really the best word I can think of to describe it. It mainly shows in the bosses, but about halfway into the game all enemies (especially enemy vampires and bosses) attacks act this way. During the attack, the enemy will just kind of "float" towards you, making it unreasonably difficult to dodge most any attacks. Mix that with poorly thought out bosses that cover half the boss arena with area denial damage which you can't actually see due to the rigid and relatively close camera angle, and a leveling system where at any point in the game enemies a couple levels below you will die in a single hit and enemies a couple levels above are impossibly tanky. I have to assume this is due to invisible damage and health stats that change with health, but the end result is that being underleveled is unnecessarily brutal.Even if the combat was better, the game has numerous other issues, especially little bugs, that show how unpolished all aspects of the game are. You can hear the "hit" noise from AI's fighting one another at the same volume no matter how close or far you are. When the game gets confused and has to load a conversation you can't skip lines until you leave and reenter the conversation. Enemies T pose when the AI doesnt know what to do. Walking in a direction after a conversation leads to your all powerful vampire freaking out for a few seconds running back and forth in place trying to figure out how to turn around. The subtitles are clearly an earlier version of the script, so they regularly have words wrong, and the subtitles only display half the line at a time, so if you want to skip a line you have to wait for the first half to be slowly voice acted before you can read the other part of the line and skip it. This could have been a much greater game, but with it being so focused on the annoying combat and overall of poor quality, I can't honestly suggest this game to anyone, and I hate having to say that. Dontnod always goes for ambitious ideas, and I believe that as soon as they get a game really right it will be great, but until then we're stuck with this low quality "triple A" game. Maybe something happened in the studio, release dates or office politics, that made Vampyr come out the way it did, but even so that shouldn't excuse the overall dissapointment that this game embodies.
consume laundry juice	Not Recommended	26.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/xThunderDuckx/	I will not waste my time rewiring my brain to play through the rest of this game's combat.  What has been engrained in all the great TP cqc games I've played, eg dark souls, must be torn down during combat.  The colission is bad, to do anything you have to grind massive amounts of enemies, everything can instantly take half or more of your hp, and combat is repetitive.
ogwelx	Not Recommended	8.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198049777872/	A game on rails that wants you to believe the choices you make matter.I guess they matter, but you don't have agency, in other words, the devs decide how you can make a decision.Perfect Example: The intro, when, your new born vampire decides it's all a nightmare and wants to end it with a shot...I fell for the hype, played past the refund window and now am stuck with this medusa of a game.The 3rd person combat is awkward AF, but kinda cool because of the dodge mechanics. Crafting has inadvertendly blocked me in progression of the main storyline.... I wanted to create a regeneration potion, and used the materials the quest required, forcing me to run around looking for some materials and then back to a crafting station. Janky, but I can see the potential for greatness.A/V is also in need of an update. Text sometimes drifts off-screen, objects in space disappear from your field of view.Overall, not recommended until there are some serious patches.
twitch.tv/flinteryk	Not Recommended	8.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197978832149/	this game is buggy. between warping freeze ups and random spinning the camera around horrible diolog bad music i just cant recommend this game at all. the combat could be ok if the camera would stop wildly spinning around from time to time.
Glaedr	Not Recommended	49.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/shitslayer/	Meh
Warby	Not Recommended	4.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198009642531/	cant get into it, fighting is dog♥♥♥♥♥
IRoBot	Not Recommended	12.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198207538739/	Was enjoying the game despite it's flaws..Story is interesting enough to keep going despite the pretty mediocre combat. I say was because I reached the sewer mission with Sean Hampton and It's bugged and I don't see any way or have read any way online to fix it besides starting a new game. Pretty frustrating.
midnight	Not Recommended	18.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197990048197/	So much potentail!The game just doesnt feel like they tested it at all... There are awesome Darksoul like boss fights. Sadly they are either too easy or too broken. It is just no fun getting killed over and over by unpredictable attack hitboxes, damage over time effects that deal way too much damage and getting stuck and killed in stuns by teleporting mobs. Oh the game tends to crash once in a while, often when you go to the desktop. There is no way closing the game if you dont use two displays... you will have to restart your computer every time. Oh and there is no option to turn of the sound if you minimize the game.
May god have mercy on your soul	Not Recommended	6.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198131869863/	At first I thought this would be an open world game with vampires but god I couldn't be more wrong. Anything on the streets are mindless creeps that does not react to you aside from having to fight them while trying to get your way through the city and your only conversations with the npcs are chat wheel grindings that leads you to mindless fights on the steets again. This feels liek an old mobile arpg and I failed to refund the game because the curscenes and the chattings took too long.
T.w² | Cannabis Corpse	Not Recommended	99.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/CabronFiber/	I really want to recommend this game, but in its current state I cannot. The game lacks a new game+ mechanic which is irritating not to mention there are a ton of bugs (including bugs involving the player character auto walking after exiting the map and being unable to walk in certain directions), terrible combat scaling, and a severe lack of replayability/content.This game has the potential to be good if the devs decide to fix issues and implement new game + (maybe implement some worthwile dlc if thats an option) but as is the game is not worth buying at full price, only get it on sale for now.
tarantula ジェームス	Recommended	15.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198010114285/	Combat leaves much to be desired, feels more like a criminal hunt game with fun vampire themes, solid 7/10 worth a buy if you like story and vampires.
Adaptoturd	Recommended	7.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Adaptoturd/	This is probably the closest we'll get to a bloodborne game being released on steam. Only this one has a coherent story. Some characters and animations look slightly dated or derpy but the balancing act of being a doctor and a vampire is really interesting. Got this game from greenmangaming for 25%, worth getting at around that discounted price of £33 but if you really want it and it's not on sale then I'd actually reccomend it still.
Vash	Recommended	37.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TheBeyonder095/	Good game. They really need to fix the lock-on because it is a big hassle fighting multiple enemies. Also, locked doors. Locked doors everywhere. Definitely recommended though.
Alex	Recommended	17.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/123466467464/	Game is like Dishonered but, 3rd person and you're a vampire, Only part that I can't get around are the locked door's so many of them...
Red Prince	Recommended	90.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198020963781/	Elder Maxson was never the same after Fallout 4
King Andus a silly robot🍌	Recommended	41.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198040830522/	technicalA good option menueONLY AUTOSAVE, so not able to savescum if thats yer thing! but I personally found it to not matter to much cuz the game was very bug freeOnly 2 minor bug troughouth the game even before any patches after releas! more games should release this bug free :)the side questions can sometime be a bit wierd, cuz you ask one thing and he sounds calm then you ask another thing and yout character is like FRANK EATE HAMBURGERS AT THE JOB!?SUBJECTIVEGreat musicloved the story, altho the ending was a bit, meh,I went for a rat diet, and still didn't find the game to difficult
Kiefgamer	Recommended	14.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Kiefgamer/	I consider this game will be one of the best titles of 2018. Its a mix of Dark Souls easymode and a rather good story, although it being kinda weird at the ending its worth playing in my opinon. By the way it should be said that the phrase 'farewell' might be overused in some dialoges.
shwatson	Recommended	4.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/shwatson/	I launched the game to a weird green graphical error where the screen was glitchy and made the game unplayable. For whatever reason switched to windowed mode fixed this, but it was still there.On top of this, the game seems alright. I really hate the combat but I've waited for this game for so long so I'll refrain from admiting to myself that I don't like the game and keep powering through like a true American.Also it's about as open world as tetris so don't expect to have any fun while playing this game whatsoever.You know, I'd really like to apologize for my last statement. Tetris doesn't deserve that kind of hate. It's a better open world game than this is.
JediJayFTW	Recommended	41.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/JediJayFTW/	Over 40 hours played and I would have to say this is one of the best RPG games.  Better than the Witcher series, which I loved!!!  The first hour or two was so-so as I got used to the game, but after that, I couldnt stop playing!!  There is a lot of dialogue so if you're looking for a pure button smashing Tekken game, this isn't it.  You have to pay attention to the dialogue otherwise you may make the wrong choice.  Take your time and enjoy the side quests!!!  They are fun, entertaining, and will help you fight the end bosses.  Enjoy!!!
Stimpak Society	Recommended	29.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/stimsociety/	Honestly believe it deserves better than the mixed reviews it has so far. Admittedly some animations are a little clunky and maybe the price is a little too high (however this is only what I have heard) but what a I have played so far is a very fun experience. People expecting too much maybe? - (05/06/18 - 4:30AM)Edit: Wake up this morning and to my delight mostly positive reviews, lets hope it stays there! - (05/06/18 - 10:00AM)
JUAL WALLET SUNTIK & GAME (GIFT)	Recommended	12.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198173948730/	For my opinion this is a cool game , already play about 7 hours im having fun and a lot of things in this game can be happen and u need to think before u act as well to keep the district stable, but for me i think this game not worth it for 40$ or more,if its less with the price its really highly recommended for me
aaaa	Recommended	4.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/notfraggit/	tl;drgame is good, but not 10/10 ign_______________________________Initial impressions of the game (listed as pros and cons)Starting with the bad and the ugly:___________________________________If you wouldn't fare well watching a play, this game is not for you. Controls are a little bit wonky, and the menu and overlay is daunting at first, but it's of little concern once you've adjusted.If you're looking at it as a telltale game (which the dialog options may suggest you to think), the attempted aesthetic and character portrayal is either almost comedically intense, or woefully underwhelming.The combat leaves something to be desired, especially in the sense of attempting to make the player feel like something beyond human. It honestly seems like a choppy version of bloodborne, with next to no feelings of grace in your actions.This game honestly functions better as an interactive cinema. It'd be kind of cool to reimagine this story as something you'd see on a stage, rather than in a video game. Ignore the ears, trust me.And for the good:_________________________________The imagery and design of the game is very striking, and well done.The game serves its purpose as a roleplay; and leaves choices to be made for play style, story pathing, and player's actions. The atmosphere of London is dark and dreary, with hints of strewn corpses (which are sometimes found in hilarious poses), and spattered blood. 
Adaptoturd	Recommended	7.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Adaptoturd/	This is probably the closest we'll get to a bloodborne game being released on steam. Only this one has a coherent story. Some characters and animations look slightly dated or derpy but the balancing act of being a doctor and a vampire is really interesting. Got this game from greenmangaming for 25%, worth getting at around that discounted price of £33 but if you really want it and it's not on sale then I'd actually reccomend it still.
Vash	Recommended	37.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TheBeyonder095/	Good game. They really need to fix the lock-on because it is a big hassle fighting multiple enemies. Also, locked doors. Locked doors everywhere. Definitely recommended though.
Alex	Recommended	17.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/123466467464/	Game is like Dishonered but, 3rd person and you're a vampire, Only part that I can't get around are the locked door's so many of them...
Red Prince	Recommended	90.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198020963781/	Elder Maxson was never the same after Fallout 4
xXFEARTCBXx	Recommended	82.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/xXFEARTCBXx/	This game will be my first review. I have had steam for years, but this game deserves a review. I recorded my playthrough and will be uploading it on my channel if anyone wants to see that. FearTcb on youtubeThe game looks amazing, it has many choices to make. You cannot make a decision on every little thing, but there are many different choices and passive decisions you will be able to make throughout the game that carry varying consequences. I liked the way they did the character system as well with the ability to learn more about the characters through gossip or various side quests. The leveling system in this game was amazing in my opinion. When you level up, you actually feel like it meant something and that you have become significantly more powerful than before. The different abilities and skills were fun to use and to see visually, once again a very beautiful game.  You level up through collecting exp and in my playthrough, I would stack it for a while and then spend it at once. When I leveled up in bulk, I felt like how a vampire should, clearly overpowering everyone in such a way that it isn't even close which was extremely satisfying. I have seen people disliking the combat in this game, but from my experience I had a lot of fun with it. Once you find your niche of what you like to do and find skills that synergize well with each other, your character works much more efficiently. The combat for me was both smooth and very satisfying. This is a game about being a vampire and from my experience playing, I felt like an actual powerful vampire. The amount of power, skills, and abilities offered made it a very enjoyable experience.This game is an excellent base for expansions and by expansions, I do not mean short 1-2 hour dlc, I'm thinking more of the line of the witcher expansions. If this is not the case, this universe that was created would set the stage for an amazing game if they decided to make it in which you could create your own character similar to how vampire the masquerade did it.TL:DR Overall 10/10The game isn't perfect and no game is for that matter, but for what this game was trying to accomplish, I believe it surprised me and excelled at what it wanted to excel at. The point of a game is to have fun, and I had a ton of fun playing this game start to finish, I would highly recommend checking it out if you haven't already. I believe it to be worth the full price.
Alluminas	Recommended	0.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198009474547/	I have been waiting for a solid vampire themed game since Vampire the Masquerade: Bloodlines, and this game is a solid addition to the genre.For me this game attempts to combine elements from old bioware cRPGs (character-driven plot) and VtM:B (great combat with many possible approaches), and relatively succeeds.Strongest points of the game: solid voice acting, well-designed plot that doesn't bore the player (plot-twists and new character introductions help override the possibility), perfect atmosphere for a vampire setting (early 20th century London) and great replayability.Replayability: It's actually possible to mess up the plot ,both story-wise and gameplay-wise, in this game if you don't pay attention in major pillar-character (=main character) choices or decide to go full homicidal vampire, and I like that . Many games reduce the player's consequences in mere walls of text during endgame screen (Dragon Age: Origins comes to mind). In this game, if you don't pay attention, your choices can get an entire neighborhood in grave danger (of course, players who opt for an "immoral" vampire playthrough would probably pursue this outcome!) .Combat: It's essentially Bloodborne-lite combat, meaning: many weapon choices with differing combat capabilities/effects, limited blood magic and some ranged weaponnry. You are meant to observe enemy attack patterns and respond accordingly (dodge/parry/counterattack etc.) .Possibly negative aspect:: You have only 1 save file for each playthrough, so think carefully about your plot choices .Negative aspects:: Weapon ammunition doesn't replenish on death, and it is limited throughout the game. Beware if you decide to pick up ranged combat upgrades. Many bosses have melee resistance, meaning that you need to conserve ammo for bosses (old Resident Evil style). A lot of back-and-forth running (there's no quick travel option) for side quests and due to the need to periodically cure sick NPCs. 
Stimpak Society	Recommended	29.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/stimsociety/	Honestly believe it deserves better than the mixed reviews it has so far. Admittedly some animations are a little clunky and maybe the price is a little too high (however this is only what I have heard) but what a I have played so far is a very fun experience. People expecting too much maybe? - (05/06/18 - 4:30AM)Edit: Wake up this morning and to my delight mostly positive reviews, lets hope it stays there! - (05/06/18 - 10:00AM)
Parabolic Dreams	Recommended	11.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/parabolicdreams/	Finally, something (worthy) besides Bloodlines.Penny Dreadful, Alienist, Taboo, Frankenstein Chronicles.. Glorious.
blazeofflame	Not Recommended	33.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198002721798/	While I am glad this was not a full priced game, at it's current state of common animation bugs, harsh and jittery ragdolling on civillians (whose corpses poof away immediately out of screenshot), complete lack of fast travel, and an attempt of putting on moral airs, I would not purchase at the full price. Would totally recommend this as a Blockbuster rental or as a $20-30 purchase. 5/10 I guess, made me wish I was playing Vampire: Masquerade Bloodlines for the first timeVampyr is a pretty much a VIsual Novel that makes you walk around London,♥♥♥♥♥♥off some dudes,♥♥♥♥♥♥off some ladies, and tried to beat back dudes trying to♥♥♥♥♥♥you off, or penetrate you. Depending on the amount of people you♥♥♥♥♥♥off; you're either horrendiously underpowered, where a grunt can one-shot you, or so overpowered, where any fight you engage in is trivial or tedious. This is the game's 'difficulty' option, one based on videogame ethics, while this is new-ish, (Do you eat the gay men, unrepentant tycoon, your [forced] waifu's daughter, a gravedigger, an abusive mother, a psychopath, and an orphan to gain cool vampire powers?) your choices ultimately only change the ending to a 'Screw London' (Good) and a 'Screw London' (Bad) ending. But considering it is London, the 'Gold Ending' of burning the city to ash after your football (see soccer) team loses/wins does not exist.Combat is not too nuanced, left click, left click, dodgedodgedodgedodge, wait for stamina to regen, stun enemy, then♥♥♥♥♥♥ Occasionally you'll use your blood and shadow powers, rarely you'll use NOT performance enhancing drugs, mostly you'll use dodge.The only choices that matter in this game is whether you choose the BAD dialogue option which permanently locks you out of a hint, forever keeping a civillian's exp reward from being maxed out. And sometimes you get the option to♥♥♥♥♥♥the Pillar of a district, turn them into a vampyr, or EKON, or give them a stern talking to (in true London fashion). Besides losing or gaining exp, or something else, these choices don't have a noticable effect besides letting the npc model hang out in game. There's also something about the districs's health in game, but that really affects shop prices, and you don't need to but things. You really don't need to.If you do buy this game, or have it purchased for you, try to get through the first 10 hour slog not doing a♥♥♥♥♥♥on named NPCs, wait until you get a mesmerize of 5 ( which is around the time an old man SUCCs you) then go on a♥♥♥♥♥♥SPREE through out London like Blood Daddy wanted you to do. Get a big ol♥♥♥♥♥♥mouth, a THICC health and stamina bar, and BECOME HUGE and wish you didn't have to♥♥♥♥♥♥everyone in the same plague infested back alley.
Jacob83	Not Recommended	26.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197992713953/	Please enjoy this game for a solid 1 hour then turn it off as you'll be doing more or less the exact same content for the rest of the game until it becomes tedious and not fun anymore.
InnerFire	Not Recommended	1.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/innerfire/	Product received for free
BIG C	Not Recommended	14.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198058246902/	Boring and bland, combats a drag. Cool concept thats about it
Halok	Not Recommended	37.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/FelixAlistor/	Everyone, I would like to present to you the smaller and slightly less sick younger brother of Mass Effect Andromeda.This game desperately wanted to be more than it was, and buried underneath the infuriatingly floaty impercise combat and awkwardly non-emotive character models is an honestly interesting premise and story. Much like Remember Me, Dontnod's first game, there are some really cool ideas in here and the basic premise is interesting, but mechanically it lacks the polish needed to be properly "good". If you're underleveled compared to the enemies, which you have to be since the only way to get the "good" ending is to kill absolutely no NPC's and killing NPC's gives far more exp than anything else. This could be managable, but since the combat is so underdeveloped and frankly awful it makes that far more infuriating than the few moments at the end of "yay good ending" are worth. Before I mentioned that the combat was "floaty" and that's really the best word I can think of to describe it. It mainly shows in the bosses, but about halfway into the game all enemies (especially enemy vampires and bosses) attacks act this way. During the attack, the enemy will just kind of "float" towards you, making it unreasonably difficult to dodge most any attacks. Mix that with poorly thought out bosses that cover half the boss arena with area denial damage which you can't actually see due to the rigid and relatively close camera angle, and a leveling system where at any point in the game enemies a couple levels below you will die in a single hit and enemies a couple levels above are impossibly tanky. I have to assume this is due to invisible damage and health stats that change with health, but the end result is that being underleveled is unnecessarily brutal.Even if the combat was better, the game has numerous other issues, especially little bugs, that show how unpolished all aspects of the game are. You can hear the "hit" noise from AI's fighting one another at the same volume no matter how close or far you are. When the game gets confused and has to load a conversation you can't skip lines until you leave and reenter the conversation. Enemies T pose when the AI doesnt know what to do. Walking in a direction after a conversation leads to your all powerful vampire freaking out for a few seconds running back and forth in place trying to figure out how to turn around. The subtitles are clearly an earlier version of the script, so they regularly have words wrong, and the subtitles only display half the line at a time, so if you want to skip a line you have to wait for the first half to be slowly voice acted before you can read the other part of the line and skip it. This could have been a much greater game, but with it being so focused on the annoying combat and overall of poor quality, I can't honestly suggest this game to anyone, and I hate having to say that. Dontnod always goes for ambitious ideas, and I believe that as soon as they get a game really right it will be great, but until then we're stuck with this low quality "triple A" game. Maybe something happened in the studio, release dates or office politics, that made Vampyr come out the way it did, but even so that shouldn't excuse the overall dissapointment that this game embodies.
consume laundry juice	Not Recommended	26.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/xThunderDuckx/	I will not waste my time rewiring my brain to play through the rest of this game's combat.  What has been engrained in all the great TP cqc games I've played, eg dark souls, must be torn down during combat.  The colission is bad, to do anything you have to grind massive amounts of enemies, everything can instantly take half or more of your hp, and combat is repetitive.
ogwelx	Not Recommended	8.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198049777872/	A game on rails that wants you to believe the choices you make matter.I guess they matter, but you don't have agency, in other words, the devs decide how you can make a decision.Perfect Example: The intro, when, your new born vampire decides it's all a nightmare and wants to end it with a shot...I fell for the hype, played past the refund window and now am stuck with this medusa of a game.The 3rd person combat is awkward AF, but kinda cool because of the dodge mechanics. Crafting has inadvertendly blocked me in progression of the main storyline.... I wanted to create a regeneration potion, and used the materials the quest required, forcing me to run around looking for some materials and then back to a crafting station. Janky, but I can see the potential for greatness.A/V is also in need of an update. Text sometimes drifts off-screen, objects in space disappear from your field of view.Overall, not recommended until there are some serious patches.
twitch.tv/flinteryk	Not Recommended	8.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197978832149/	this game is buggy. between warping freeze ups and random spinning the camera around horrible diolog bad music i just cant recommend this game at all. the combat could be ok if the camera would stop wildly spinning around from time to time.
Glaedr	Not Recommended	49.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/shitslayer/	Meh
Warby	Not Recommended	4.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198009642531/	cant get into it, fighting is dog♥♥♥♥♥
Der Drache	Recommended	36.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198346537853/	A lot of people complain about the combat being 'bland' or 'boring' but I for one love it, you just feel so badass tearing♥♥♥♥♥♥up. This game can be quite slow if you decide to talk to everybody and learn as much as you can about the lore but thats something I like aswell, considering it comes from DONTNOD (the same creators that brought life is strange). You can have more than one ending, and your characters appearance changes depending on how good or evil you play.  You can choose to embrace people (suck their blood and kill them). This applies to every citizen you are able to talk to but the more people you embrace will increase the threat of the area, and give you the evil appearance + ending.  
ddadittu	Recommended	29.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198246350340/	RPG Lovers gonna like it. Maintained classic RPG pattern. Story-line is good so far. OST is thrillin & chilling as marvelous. As it's been powered by Unreal Engine 4~ so the visualization is quiet satisfying. Overall I am impressed.
Jack Coper	Recommended	13.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SrwRoseyTrp7432/	Rig: CPU: i5 4690k 4.2 GHzRAM: 16 GB 1600 MHzGPU: 1080 Strix 8GBScreen: BenQ XL2411ZSSD: 240 GB and M.2 120 GBHDD: 2TB and 500GBMy reviewThis game is so atmospheric. Its a incredible game, great soundtrack, music is giving this scary at times vibe yet its makes everything so fufilled.Gameplay is great too, of course we have some clunkiness and stiffness whichevery one talks about yet i need to find it.Music.I wont write alot here, music fills up the whole scenery, makes the world around morealive and more darker. I never had heard that music in any game beside witcher maybe did it sound so good.Sound. it feels great, I heard people complain about dialogue, yet i never really gave it a thought.(I'm using headphones mostly), you can hear how wepon clash against the body, guns are fine too.Gameplay.It's as stiff as i could have thought so, yes it is clunky but not as bad, character is responsive when walking.combat gives a bit of room to fortifie the gameplay and improve but as of now its fine.its getting lightly repetetive even with such a variety of enemies, after lvl 12 i still meet new enemies with clear differences between them all.Story.I think and i don't want to spoil it all but the story over all is great. its quiet slow start but it is great when it all starts to roll out. Pace of it is fine and i think it gives some room for new players to learn more and explore it all.Overall.In my opinion this game is great, ones whom want to try something new from an RPG with slight horror and great atmosphere than look no futher.8/10 is what i give this game.
West	Recommended	22.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198068741111/	Vampyr feels like a mixture of Pathologic, Sherlock Holmes and a bit of Bloodborn. If you're on the fence, know that a majority of your time will be spent talking to characters to better understand other characters which in turn unlocks more dialog options and possibly side quest. During combat, stamina management is extremely important and the games difficulty is tied to your actions which is confirmed during a loading screen.  There is only one auto save and no manual saves. However the game seems very forgiving so far regarding when and where it saves. Personally I've found the games story and mechanics regarding it highly addictive. As I stated earlier, NPC A will only tell you so much until NPC B spills the beans about something which then unlocks a previously hidden dialog choice.This slowly, but surely exposes relationships between the citizens and gives the world life. As you unlock information about NPC characters, the reward for killing them increases and pretty soon it becomes hard to ignore the benefits of killing a innocent or even likable character.  Vampyr is a refreshing change of pace and most likely a future cult classic. I recommend this very easily if you can play it for what it is and not what it isn't. 
Cypher	Recommended	26.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Cypher6/	Really enjoying this, great game
VostokMercenary	Recommended	3.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198018371850/	A rather interesting and different game.Let down a bit by two things;Price - Is so high people may have different expectations (Buy it at 50% off I think)Combat - Its a clunky afterthoughtBut its quite enjoyable and something different, If you keep in mind its about a £25 game at best really.
ZakAttack	Recommended	6.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/zakattack/	Bought the game for £30 from♥♥♥♥♥ not proud of this but I'm skint. I've played the game for just more than an hour(reached the hospital thing to be exact) and so far the game seems decent. I do like my rpg games so I'm currently enjoying this. Game runs pretty good considering my spec(everything maxed and I'm hitting 60fps with some drops to 45). Combat is the only thing that annoys me as its so dull like the Batman Arkham franchise, but both these games had amazing stories and are nice and dark. Overall I really look forward to finish the game(8 GCSE's left tho :( ). I'm Interested to see if dlc will be made that add another story like the Witcher 3. I'm also trying to play the game as pacifist as possible as I enjoy being a nice guy in video games since I'm a nob irl.
Fabled Hero	Recommended	15.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/IllusiveLegend/	Wonderful game.I love the feeling of being a reluctant vampire, helping all you can while trying to satisfy your own needs. Combat feels tight and quite nice. As a person who loves choice, this game presents you with so much that it begs to be played a 2nd or even 3rd time. Great game indeed.
Van Darkholem	Recommended	20.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198038938419/	Overall the game felt to be around a 6.5-7.5 range out of 10. Definitely above average, in my opinion. There is however a plethora of improvements to be made in terms of both bugs and mechanics.PROS:Interesting story for the most partUpgrade system and skills are varied, however since I did not Embrace anyone, I couldn't afford more than the set of 5, finishing the game at lvl 28Graphics are enticing, going through old London was a cool experienceSide characters and main characters have a dense enough backstory that killing anyone for exp made me feel bad, so I didn't go that route. Combat is decent enough, played with  M+KB and only used lock on for bosses, which was fine enoughCONS:Since there is no fast travel system, in the later hours of the game when finishing up side quests and trekking through the city, it started feeling like a slog. An easy fix would be to make the environment more enticing for the use of your vampire abilities, rarely did I have the opportunity to jump around and sneak past enemies, besides using the shade skill. Some side characters did not really feel "resolved" after finding all their hints, as someone who doesn't wish to just simply kill the bad people. I hoped there were other solutions possible, perhaps not for exp but for story closure, rather than leaving you either hanging, or getting an exp bag. Lost potential in making the player really feel like a vampire, from both point 1, and a bit combat-wise. The vampire part seemed mainly for the story, mesmerizing mechanic, and the persuasion in dialog mechanic. I found that using bite in combat was really unsatisfactory, as it barely did anything for me. I don't see why a vampire wouldnt just bite a victim when snuck up behind him, rather than stunning them to bite them, and I'd expect biting the cartoid to do more than a sliver of damage. Ideal Pricepoint for purchase : $35-40 (CAD)  
Chloe	Recommended	68.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ChloeGraceRose/	I went into this game with many expectations, first off, I was a huge fan of DONTNOD's previous title Life Is Strange (I have not yet played Remember Me as of the time I am writing), I enjoyed the quality narrative they provided and the way they dealt with choice and consequences by letting you view different options before commiting to them. Secondly, the setting of Vampyr attracted me from the start, dark, but modern, and obviously: vampires. I did not know what to expect of the gameplay but the story aspect already had me hooked.So, did the game meet my expectations?Let's get on to that matter.From the very beginning, you are immersed in the story, go on to meet a large cast of NPCs, have plenty of dialogue options with them to find out who they are and what they do, you can even pry on them or collect hints from dialogue or journals and letters scattered around London. I absolutely love story rich games and I was not let down on this aspect and the brilliant, well fleshed-out NPC system.As I mention the NPCs, most of them will give you a side quest (or sometimes be discovered through one), I have to admit I did not finish all of the side quests in my first run (one of which I failed, another requiring collectibles I couldn't seem to find for the life of me, but a full collectibles run will be in order later). The game is filled to the brim with story and lore to read and collect, giving life to its dark yet vibrant universe.The city itself is full of nooks and crannies to explore and features a hub-based open world which you get to unlock as the story progresses and sends you to new districts. You may have access to some places from the get go and find yourself underleveled as soon as you encounter an enemy, a clear sign that this area will come into play later in the game.Now on to the choice and consequence system, it is the polar opposite of Life Is Strange, this game autosaves at every turn, forcing you to carefully think before committing to your choices, I admit that some of them did NOT turn out the way I expected AT ALL, and make me want to replay the game with different choices this time. In the end though, I was able to get the ending I wanted so all was good, but mistakes were definitely made both navigating dialogue options and turning points of the story.And finally, we have the combat, I had heard that this game would offer you the option to do a complete pacifist run, and I must say, that is not entirely true, yes, you can spare all the NPCs, but the enemies have to be killed in order to progress the story, as was made clear when I tried to find a way out from the warehouse in the very beginning and the door would not open until I slaughtered all the guards. I expected more of a Deus Ex/Thief/Dishonored approach, but instead got something I found more akin to The Witcher, where you acquire new weapons and upgrade parts for them, or get to craft serums to replenish your health, stamina or blood meter in combat. The combat system is pretty basic and is not too hard to learn, though you may face some tough enemies depending on your in-game choices.Overall, what DONTNOD Entertainment have delivered here is a really solid RPG with deep lore and a serviceable combat system. I would definitely recommend it to people who are invested into story-focused games.ESTIMATED PLAYTIME: 40h
Stimpak Society	Recommended	29.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/stimsociety/	Honestly believe it deserves better than the mixed reviews it has so far. Admittedly some animations are a little clunky and maybe the price is a little too high (however this is only what I have heard) but what a I have played so far is a very fun experience. People expecting too much maybe? - (05/06/18 - 4:30AM)Edit: Wake up this morning and to my delight mostly positive reviews, lets hope it stays there! - (05/06/18 - 10:00AM)
Parabolic Dreams	Recommended	11.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/parabolicdreams/	Finally, something (worthy) besides Bloodlines.Penny Dreadful, Alienist, Taboo, Frankenstein Chronicles.. Glorious.
OblivionxWarrior	Recommended	25.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/oblivionxwarrior/	Had a hard lock after receiving the sword you get for preordering. The game got stuck in an infinite loading screen when I picked up the sword and when I try to load the save file, it just straight up won't load. Looks like I'll have to start again. Not a good first impression. Suppose that's what I get for preordering ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ If anyone else had this problem, feel free to commentEdit: Okay so I created a new save and did the same thing but instead just waited for like two minutes and it was fine. It hardlocking was a result of me just being stupid and force closing the game during an important loading screen. My bad. Great game besides that.
Switchblade	Recommended	28.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Switchblyde/	Amazing story line. I enjoy running form mission to mission mostly . but when i have to investiagte things like talk to people , then it feels more like a mystery game than it does a vampire. La Nore or some kind of sherlock holmes game. im really not the type that likes mystery solving games. The fighting is meh ok at times when i dont have to wack at someone 1000 times to kill em but in order for me to do that i have to level up by taking an innocent life. I enjoy taking the lvies of the people who deserve it though. The guilt is real though when i take a life and you find out they were mean cuz they were going through some♥♥♥♥♥♥ I think the fighting couldve been better and more creative. dodging till you get a chance to hit seems boring. but the story line is a real treat .
ieatoast	Recommended	33.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ieatoast/	Wonderful Story, Buggy is some spots but overall amazing game 10/10!
shwatson	Recommended	4.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/shwatson/	I launched the game to a weird green graphical error where the screen was glitchy and made the game unplayable. For whatever reason switched to windowed mode fixed this, but it was still there.On top of this, the game seems alright. I really hate the combat but I've waited for this game for so long so I'll refrain from admiting to myself that I don't like the game and keep powering through like a true American.Also it's about as open world as tetris so don't expect to have any fun while playing this game whatsoever.You know, I'd really like to apologize for my last statement. Tetris doesn't deserve that kind of hate. It's a better open world game than this is.
Lyrik	Recommended	28.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/LyrikUK/	This game is a brilliant testament to what can be done without a AAA budget and scummy publishers breathing down the devs neck. I can clearly see this is a beautiful work of passion from the developers.
Mala Vražica	Recommended	17.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/malavrazica/	Enjoyed the game a lot.
Doctors Gaming	Recommended	17.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198060439847/	I absolutely loved Life is Strange so when I saw that Dontnod was releasing another game I was super excited.Choice-based games that matter are truly amazing when it is done well.So far I am absolutely in love with the environment of Vampyr and cannot wait to try all the various endings the game offers. For my first playthrough I am going through the 'Doctors Run' ... obviously. Check out my first our of gameplay here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pDWoOsOxpIEPlaying as a vampire should be easier as you get more xp to spend on your abilties but I can't wait to see what the ending for the Doctor will be like and then going completely evil on my next playthrough! Here is to a lot more time spent in London!
Archers Asylum	Recommended	9.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ArcherAdvocates/	So this game isn't as bad as I've seen some people make out, yes the combat is a bit basic but the human farming and the moral choices you have to make about when, or indeed, if to feed on a specific person make Vampyr have a depth and consequence system that a lot of RPGs are missing today. If you feed on a quest giver... say goodbye to those quests this time around. Your choices actually matter and are reflected in the state of the game world. I've personally only run into some very minor problems in the form of clipping and invisible walls barring my way when they shouldn't, but overall the narrative is engaging and the game flows really well. I'd definitely recommend to an RPG fan looking for a gothic tale where choices matter.
Master Deh	Recommended	25.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/AzIz-33/	Great acting, Interesting characters, and stories. The combat is fine. Runs perfectly on my PC as I haven't noticed any significant drops at any moment. Also the soundtrack is fantastic.
Shork Week	Recommended	15.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ShorkWeek/	Great and unique RPG, reminds me a lot of vampires the masquerade, without as much customization.Maybe that can be added in future games, I would love to play as a Vulkod.Biggest cons are the combat can be clunky at times, and the voice acting seems a little unnatural.
Sarif	Recommended	26.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/firesplash260/	This is my first review and I'm making it because I feel that this game is being misjudged. It's true the combat could be more challenging and there are too many mobs. There should be difficulty settings because the experience system is flawed. That being said this game is incredible. The amount of npc character interactions is immense and each of these interactions contribute to a deep level of storytelling. I've spent hours weeving my way around a dark and brooding london trying to unlock each npc's story arc. I'm not doing it for the blood but for the sheer beuty of their lives. The main story is also astounding in its complexity and rich detail. It is a culmination of all you could want in a vampire game. The hints of lore (sometimes huge doses of the stuff) is enough to pull you in for hours upon hours.In short I am in love with this game and I reccomend it to anyone who enjoys an amazing storytelling experience.
AJB150	Recommended	10.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198341605675/	very good so far
Morghy	Recommended	115.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198054060074/	First a warning.This in nothing like Dark Souls or Bloodborne game. Combat does look similar but difficulty is nothing like Soul games. It is more for casual players. So big Soul game fans should avoid it if they are thinking playing this for challenge combat and spare us crying about it on forums.Now that that's out of the way I am not good at writing reviews (and english lol ) so I will keep it simple:story is good (game has a lot of dialog so get ready to talk to NPC alot)combat is simple but fun (can be awkward sometimes)graphics are good overall but not alwaysvoices, music and dialogue are damn goodlooking for hints, getting to know your victims (for extra exp) and the region health management (curing and helping NPC) is good touch to the gamesome side quests (investigations) can be easily missed or fail if you dont do them when you discover themcould be longer so hoping for some DLC expansionsAny way this is my opinion. So overall a very enjoyable RPG game. Not perfect but very enjoyable.I give it 7.5/10
Adaptoturd	Recommended	7.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Adaptoturd/	This is probably the closest we'll get to a bloodborne game being released on steam. Only this one has a coherent story. Some characters and animations look slightly dated or derpy but the balancing act of being a doctor and a vampire is really interesting. Got this game from greenmangaming for 25%, worth getting at around that discounted price of £33 but if you really want it and it's not on sale then I'd actually reccomend it still.
Vash	Recommended	37.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TheBeyonder095/	Good game. They really need to fix the lock-on because it is a big hassle fighting multiple enemies. Also, locked doors. Locked doors everywhere. Definitely recommended though.
Alex	Recommended	17.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/123466467464/	Game is like Dishonered but, 3rd person and you're a vampire, Only part that I can't get around are the locked door's so many of them...
Red Prince	Recommended	90.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198020963781/	Elder Maxson was never the same after Fallout 4
Mikenekro	Recommended	94.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mike666ekim/	A great game with a great story. Months ago, I was prepared for this to be a game like VTMB but I quickly backed away from that thought once I realized it was going in its own direction. Now that I have put some time in it, i'm glad that they went their own direction. There is definately some inspiration from VTMB which is not something that you will notice until later in the game. For instance, the whole vampire politics, multiple races of vampires, and of course sucking rats.If you want Vampyr to be the next VTMB, you will probably be dissapointed but if you go into the game without the expectations of a completely different game, I do not think you will be dissapointed.
Gawblin	Recommended	26.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197970779549/	At it's best, Vampyr is captivating and interesting. At it's worst, it is tedious and repetitive. If you're the kind of player who like to get into the head of your character and actually put effort into your choices and actions, you are greatly rewarded. The game has decent replayability, and I actually had to put some thought into my decisions. It is an intriguing mix of Action-RPG and storytelling.The combat system isn't bad. It's got all the pieces in place, but it could've used a bit more variety. It reminds me of a standard action-RPG type deal, but at later levels the enemies become damage sponges, even if you level up to counteract falling behind. Enemies get tougher throughout the game, so you are incentivized to both grind enemies, do side quests and hunt. Still, the battle system gets repetitive and even some bosses are merely powered-up versions of basic enemies. I didn't mind as much, but I can see it being an annoyance for many types of players. At 20 hours in, I was just ignoring enemies and rushing from quest to quest. I couldn't be bothered to be tied up into another fight with a respawning enemy that lasts for 5 minutes just to cross the street.Hunting is an interesting game mechanic. The game lets you hunt NPC's and feed on them to gain boosts of XP, but it also encourages you to get a better picture of who your victim is before you strike. You have to learn about them and get to know them to get the maximum amount of experience. I always felt like the game was designed to incentivize hunting, from a mechanical standpoint, but that it was too easy to get away with not killing anyone. I ended up killing a total of 2 NPCs in my first playthrough of the game, and I didn't even try to grind for XP or complete all side-missions. I can't imagine it being too hard to go through the whole game without hunting, thus rendering the mechanic a bit needless. I would've prefered if there were unique rewards instead of boosts of XP. Maybe hunting could unlock abilities, or perks? What if drinking the blood of a soldier could've given a damage boost, or the blood of a nurse would increase healing efficiency? That would've been a bit more interesting.Overall, I can recommend Vampyr. The game is interesting and keeps you invested for a long time. The atmosphere is amazing, but you will probably grow tired of the labyrinthian alleys and gloomy london streets pretty quickly. Everything starts to look the same fast, with only a few areas standing out. However, the setting serves the tone of the game well, but don't expect anything... colorful. Except for Red. They got plenty of that.I can especially recommend this game for people who enjoy the White Wolf universe, as there are enough similarities that you'll feel "at home" in the Vampyr setting. If you enjoyed Bloodlines, I think you'll like this one.
Schwanderen	Recommended	9.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198011500673/	Havnt been this immersed since Divnity orginal sin 2, though it's two completely different genres. I starts outr a bit frustrating - but makes sense if you stick with it for a few hours.
Mjölnir	Not Recommended	25.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198007369096/	After much anticipation and pre ordering this game, I was really looking forward to playing it. However, it pains me to say that this game, for me, was the biggest disappointment in a long time, despite trying my hardest to like it.For a start, the tags for this game are very misleading. The gore, action, psychological horror and stealth gameplay are practically non existent. Describing this game as open world is really pushing it, as the the vast majority of areas in the game remain closed off behind locked gates until you progress so far into the story. Which sadly, is another thing which is lacking.. The 'story' is uninteresting and predictable, while the characters are equally boring who have nothing relevant to say. Unfortunately, the creators of this game felt the need to push their Marxist political views through a lot of the games characters. You often find yourself having your time wasted by being lectured to by these characters, such as feminists on 'privilege', or poor misunderstood communists from Europe on poverty and how they don't believe in 'exclusive ownership' of things (that one made me laugh since it's coming from people who charged £40 for this poor game). This imo, distracts from the games supposed goals of giving people a good, horror, story rich game.The gameplay is mediocre at best. The combat is basic and a let down, the only thing that saves it (maybe?) is the vampire special abilities which break up the monotony, but since the vast majority of your time is spent listening to pointless ramblings, it makes little difference I suppose. For some reason, which I can't quite put my finger on, this game doesn't quite feel like an open world RPG. I think it is due to little things which are lacking that you would usually expect to be common place in a open world RPG.. Such as no fast travel between saferooms, the lack of character customization and poor side missions. These tend to make the game tedious at times, as well as boring. Some of the aspects of the game don't make much sense either.. Like why would finding out peoples secrets increase their 'blood quality'? Why can I go around peoples homes thieving their belongings right in front of them without protest? It's little things like this which makes me think very little thought went into the game and it also ruins the immersion.So, in case you hadn't noticed, I could not recommend this game at all, especially at the price on release. If you absolutely must play it, wait until it is drastically reduced, but even then I'd advise against it. If it wasn't for the 2 hour time limit (a ridiculous amount of time to discern what a game like this will be like) I would have had a refund. Dontnod entertainment will have to pull off something spectacular for me to consider buying another one of their games after this total disappointment. 
normie	Not Recommended	12.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198088365404/	unpolished/could be better.combat is meh, making this a story-based game. the story isn't that intriguing either, you have gangs n sheet and vampires and pretty okay characters, but nothing outstanding.wew lad don't buy this full-price, it's NOT worth it. wait for ~30% off or something nearbyuhhh out of a /10 rating i'd say around a 7 or 6, seriously wish I could refund it but spent too much time trying to figure out puzzles and exploring what little there was to examine.
PorkyPorkSword	Recommended	33.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198322831771/	Vampyr is a distant relative to a souls-like games, not in the sense that it was made by the same developer but in the sense that the games structure was heavely influenced by the title. In otherwords it has adapted the formula of fight, die, repeat until the area has been dimminished of all foes. now do i think that this was a good game? yes and no (majorly no). and heres my reasons why.pros: -combat is very fun and rewarding, i felt like the game was challenging me on every encounter i had, making me better and better. however what is taken from the player when you die? nothing apprently, other than walking a few paces to where you had died. this really bring the fight back in my opinion.-leveling perfect leveling system, only problem is that it forces you to sleep whenever you do level up, this was not great but i can get over it.-investigations a big part of the game is figuring out by long converations with citizens plot points and citizens quests. this was done rather well, i enjoyed finding a hint and then tracking that person down and cracking him even further.cons:  -dialoguethe dialogue between you and the citizens in the game is a joke, it was like the writers had no idea how an actual conversation had ever taken place, this may be harsh, but i feel it is warented because of the frustration i had to go through watching and hearing it.-Travelgetting any where in this game is a difficult pain, the map may look small but adding in a whole bunch of bad guys inbetween makes it even longer. this is not to say that i dont appreciate the hard yards to explore, but more so when i have finished exploring and it all just becomes one big tedious trip when ever i need to go heal a citizen. as a fix to this problem i would recommend that the devs make use of the canal system seen throughout the city.-lack of user friendly mechanics okay, so this one is probably my biggest hate of the game, did the game ever tell you how charm worked before you first used it? the answer is no it didnt. did the game ever tell you that every night people will get sick no matter if you have already healed everyone? no. did the game ever mention that you should not enter high level areas at a low level because theres a chance of running into a civilian in distress and you dont have a hope in hell of saving her because you're level 3 going up against 3 level 16 skals. point, case, closed.thanks for reading.
Csymtyr	Not Recommended	38.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Csymtyr/	Ok, so having played this game an entire playthrough, I think I'll go ahead and write my thoughts on it. I have over 70 games on steam so far, and this will be my first review of a game I believe, so that should say something in and of itself. However, the game isnt exactly what I was thinking it would be/hoping it would be, that's not to say its a bad thing or game by any means, just not exactly what I expected. First, I thought the game would be a little bit more open, and I think a big thing this game could use is a fast-travel system. The game mad is not that large at all, but the level design seems so restrictive at some places that it funels you through just one or two paths to get to a particular area and you get dead-ended and turned around a lot, its especially frustrating when you've been to the area several times already but its just as hard to reach as it was the first time you walked there. I think that this game needs some adjustments to its crafting and in-game market system, I cannot sell off any of the weapons I've collected through out the game to get some extra coin, i'm not sure why, could be a bug. The game has only allowed me to sell like 2 weapons, the rest of the 20 or so I have in my inventory are unable to be sold OR recycled into the necessary upgrade components. Also, I was expecting a little more freedom of choice and a branching story, and I didnt really feel like I was getting that. Yeah, the districts have a health status, and if you give medicine to people you can improve that overall status, but if you embrace (consume/kill) any of the NPCs it reduces that districts overall health status by so much more than you can improve it with healing citizens. I think this is very restrictive of certain play styles, and it really affects the leveling/abilities you get in the game. You're constantly being 'judged' for killing NPCs to have amazing abilities, but if you font consume XP then you're getting your♥♥♥♥♥kicked by any of the just regular aggressive NPCs. Also, on the same note, we were kind of told that we could be the Vampire we wanted to be, but if you kill a SINGLE NPC you automatically get the bad ending. Whether that was a bad, mob leader, murderer, serial killer♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥NPC or whether it was an old innocent granny NPC, you get judged for doing so, even just ONE time. I don't really think that was the freedom of play styles and choice that those of us had in mind who were waiting for this game to release. I truly do like the game, and glad I bought it, but I find myself thinking that thats because I want/need more vampire type games, with those types of character powers and abilities and that folklore rather than because THIS GAME was the perfect vampire game. Pros:Cool AbilitiesBeautiful Art Style/GraphicsVery detailed environmentsInteresting StoryCons:-Punishes you for BEING what your are, a Vampire-Abilities effectively 'gated' behind killing NPCs and 'losing' districts (and the game)-Navigating from district to district difficult because of locked areas/bad design-Some classic vampire abilities totally absent (wheres flying or gliding? Why cant I burst into a cloud of bats or mist without it being in predetermined areas?)-Needed a fully open-world-For the price, and wait time, needs a longer story (should have more answers, less questions at end game)-Not a 'truly' branching story or narrative. Only really 3 distinct endings (and like I said kill just 1 NPC and you'll get the 'bad' ending)It sounds like this review is all negative, but I feel like in this day, even Indie developers are capable of delivering deep and rich game content AND fully fleshed out stories. And I also think with a lot of the ideas they had with this game, why they DIDNT make it a trul open-world game is a mystery to me. I CAN recommend this game to hardcore vampire lovers and lovers of that type of lore/fantasy, however I cannot recommend this game to the average gamer.  
Sproux	Recommended	6.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Sproo-bird/	LA Noire with a bloodborne vibe, love it.
Sum Pro	Recommended	2.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198125270372/	Just some quick comments and my opinion of this game so far.First let me start with the graphics 7/10Not as beautiful as I was hoping I ended up picking up the PC version thinking I would get better graphics (all maxed 1440P) but I'm betting it's one of those games where you couldnt tell the difference between the PS4 Pro/XBOX One X and PC.Gameplay is okayish speaking about combat, movement etc..  not great but not bad 7/10Really intrersted in the skill tree options. Only a few issue I have so far I'm not loving the fact that objects like chains hanging can be walked right into and the object just disapear in the character also certain crates are breakable well most are not. Secondthe  game seems way to easy but I'm only 3 Hours in or so. Hopefully there is some upcoming challenging fights. Just coming off God of War Give Me God of War Challenge.Story has me hooked so far and that's coming from some one who has a attention span disorder (self diagnosed)Pretty much all I want to say since I have only clocked on no more then 3hrs. 
wolfinston85	Recommended	7.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198126975019/	It is an incredible game, just absolutely fantastic.I haven't seen this level of depth in a new system since Shadow of Mordor's Nemesis one.The way the game functions is similar to how an story driven and multiple choice would work, think of something like the Witcher 3, or Telltale's The Walking Dead but with specific moments that emphazise the impact of each of your answers, whilst some reveal interesting "hints" as the game refers to them, to characters that are interconnected in a way through their stories.This creates a beautifully crafted game in terms of its narrative, I, who I am a person that skips through dialog and cutscenes alike in any game that I play, had problem in doing so this time, I was forced by the game's hand to pay attention to the dialog, and cutscenes but not because it lacked the option to skip through those moments, but instead because those moments enriched in a tremendous fashion, my overall gaming experience.It always feels as if you were interacting with it somehow, and when things start getting to slow, (which doesn't happen often) you can follow through different "investigations" or quests, that you can obtain through speaking to specific characters.You obtain experience points by cultivating your knowledge about important characters, this increases the blood that you can get from them, the blood that you obtain from this characters it's also dependant on whether they're sick or not, you can cure each important character by crafting medicines with materials that you obtain either by collecting it through the map, or by simply obtaining it as a reward for the completion of some missions.There are enemies that you are forced to kill, the game changes drastically between the sections of the map in which you are threatened by hunters, or beasts, from the ones where you're simply interacting with key characters.It is almost two games in one and it is a joy to always plan ahead, toying with specific characters, helping them and pretending to be their friend to simply them consume them, it is almost a bit like what you would expect from a character such as Hannibal Lecter, in a way toying with your victims physically, as well as psychologically.The feeling that you get its an interesting, and brutal one at that to say the least.Which it's what I mainly enjoy about the game, the game might deviate from the usual standard of what we can consider games, but it never forsakens the medium by being anything other than a game, the interactivity, decision making, and the choosing of who to kill.Falls on the players decision.At its core, it remains a game, not only that but the way "morality" its handled in the game goes hand in hand with this mechanics, you get rewarded by satisfying your vampiristic instincts, but suffer the impact of feeling like a true monster (despite this being and enjoyable thing within the context of a video game) or you could simply choose to learn more about each character while deciding who you choose to be as much of a villain to "feed" upon.You're choices will always have an impact, either to a person, or to multiple ones, while also affecting the world around you.Consume more and more beings and you'll be left with a barren, desolated, and miserable district.There's is only a couple of problems about this mechanics though.First and foremost, the game only allows you to kill specific targets which have the same level of "mezmerize" ability as yourself.You can only level up this ability by playing through the main storyline.Which in a way I guess it served as a way to secure the revisting of old areas, but at first you feel somewhat constrained to follow the main story path while also having to deal with a series of enemies that will be higher levels than you because you probably would have only been able to fed from very few citizens at that particular point.I resent the fact that my enjoyment is conditioned to me following the main story, and a specific path in a game which incentivizes me and others to explore, and meet people to feed upon.It just feels a bit contradictory and strange.On the other hand there's the fact that you cannot play this game without killing any of the important characters, and I would emphasize for anyone hoping to do a "pacifist" run, to forgo that idea before purchasing the game, it isn't something that particularly affects me, or something that I care about, but I keep seeing more and more people asking questions about it, and frankly the game is already difficult enough while consuming most characters that the game has allowed me to feed upon.I can only imagine how brutal would it be if I wasn't leveling up at all.The combat system is fine, as people have mentioned, it does get a bit too "clunky" at times, some animations, stuff of the sort.But at its core it is very satisfying, a lot of different abilities to customize, and unlock, some that are incredibly brutal and can even make some of your enemies blood boil (literally).While you can also choose to simply use a series of hand to hand melee weapons in conjunction with stakes, or guns, to shoot, and stun enemies that then you can feed in the midst of the fight to refill your blood meter that then you can use to use a series of different special abilities.The game has many of this skills, they're varied, and enjoyable, nothing feels left off, or a second thought, everything feels great as if enough time has been put to it.My main complaint is a simple one besides the one about being gated, and ironically, it is also one that could fix that particular complaint.The lack of new game plus mode...This is an unforgivable mistake, and I can't possibly understand why it isn't present here.It is Dishonored all over again, a game in which you clearly will be playing more than once, a game that it is filled with all sorts of incredible power ups, and abilities, a game filled with different choices both in terms of narrative, as well as in multiple paths to get to certain objectives.It doesn't have a new game plus mode...I guess the main reason for this is that it would make it so there's no reason other than a purely experimental one, to murder specific important characters, given that one of the main reasons you would want to get to know them in the first place is because of the growth in their blood meter than eventually you'll get to consume.But it is a matter of adding an option to give people more freedom in the way they choose to play the game.A new game plus mode would resolve the issues for pacifist players, for people like me who want to be maniacs from the start taking everybody out, while also enhancing even further the replayability of an already, amazing game.I can only hope that the developers see the light and end up adding this eventually.But for now, it is just an incredible experience, an engrossing one at that, and something that I really haven't played in the past, it was worth every penny.Just... Please...New game plus mode option, please, Please!Pretty please... 
Pix.lR	Recommended	13.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/PixlRit3/	I havent played the game for long yet as my review might change.First impression.the style is not so mutch grim but more gothical as in the buildings (if this makes sence)it's a pretty dark game (sinds you are a vamp and move during the night its self explanable.control mecanic feels clearly like an console but its no big deal graphic's are okay not bad more the good side (my monitor resosution 1920x1080 / 59.90)Has a bit of a memory leak (stutteryish on certain moments trying to fix this myself didnt help it mutch) its not that big of a deal but i do hope it will be improved.has a fps lock of 60 no biggy i played games on 30 lock and that worked out fine, (i didnt notised untill i turned on an fps counter)The character has a faque reflection in the cutsene when looking in an mirror, that was kinda suprising to me.- Bug - 2e time started the game it was giving me an blackscreen and stayed that way with overlay.After closing it in taskmanager, (where it said it didnt crash) i restarted the game and it worked fine again.The game work great with a controller aswell as the SteamController._________________________________________________________________________----When will the preorder bonus items be given to the character?----You can find the dlc sword, gun and clothing in the savespot on the second floor of the hospital. there is a blue locker. if you dont like the clothing just interact with the locker again and you will wear the old clothing again but with the new weapons aswell._________________________________________________________________________*People dont realise what you are (as in Vamp) when looking at his face.   Thats something i find realy weird and the only real minus so far.Combat is a lot of fun, easy to handle simple to master.If you do find yourself struggeling with the controls, try locking on to the enamy's first.Keep calm, time your moves and all is fine.A lot to investigate in the game, a lot to think about with every choice you are about to take aswell with your actions. It all depends on how you proceed, interact and handle things in the game.I find the maps are quite large and i like it.the way Crafting, earning xp aswell as leveling and the action-reaction systems are, i find them quite interesting. If you deside to feed apon an npc even when he or she is not an story based character, it can make cost you a side quest that the npc you just feed on had.xp can be earned by feeding but there are more ways to do so.If you feed on an character you can first solve there fysical issues and they will have better blood aswell as giving the player MORE xp.You can eat rats and earn an achiefment.kill to many civilians will decrease the state of that sertain area. continue and eventualy it gets  a dangerous area. force it to do so a bit more and it might completely destroy that area.remember, action, reaction.This game has multible endings depending on your actions you will get the ending you deserve as a reaction.
MLGMarmota	Recommended	19.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Groundhogmeister/	Blood Doctor meet vampire. Vampire meet Blood Doctor, you can help or feed the weak to make you strong, if you choose to embrace the world around you will change if you don't it will stay the same, pick your side and pick it well what you do is up to you, but is rather narrow to say the least, wish I got more options then just to 'feed or not to feed' feel of this game.
Autumn's rest	Not Recommended	28.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Ryuu_betcha_its_me/	In my opinion this game is pretty mediocre. The story is meh, Sometimes they skip the whole process of characters developing their relation ship (spoilers:  im talking about Dr. Reid's relationship with Lady Ashbury ). The combat is just... below average? [well atleast its bearable but still bad] To this day i still don't know how to switch targets when focusing on enemies. However they did something interesting with the Leveling up System, the quickest way to level up is to "embrace" the citizents of whitechapel and you get more Exp when you learn more about them, so lets say there is a guy named Jeff [I couldn't come up with a better name], now jeff is an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, But! then you learn he is in a poor family with his wife and daughter and can't make enough money for them to survive unless he does these horrible acts of cruelty to others, and also he has to act like an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ doing it [his job], now that you know that he is doing it for he's family [but he's also still and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥] what will you do to him? sure you can do a pacifist run and spare everyone but if not its up to you to decide his fate!However they did not do this very well, even if it is true it doesn't feel believable [It feels like they're only spitting bs at you], and alot of characters do this, their reason for these vile acts are as predictable and unbelievable as the last guy who said it.I don't think in it's current price Vampyr is worth your money [even on a 50% sale i still won't buy this]. I've Purchased Vampyr when it was first announced on 2017, the first day it was announced i bought it. I thought it would be a good game, i mean the trailers and what not looks very interesting but in the end its a major disappointment on my end.I rate this 4/10 for effort! right?... the devs really tried atleast? ...  maybe not.  
Irkalla_Arcanium	Not Recommended	13.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198091169729/	3/5 super stale/repetative combatstory telling part is pretty good though
NeoPyro	Not Recommended	5.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/neopyro2004/	I really wanted to like this game, but alas, the repetitive combat, shallow characters, and incredibly slow pace ruined it for me.
May god have mercy on your soul	Not Recommended	6.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198131869863/	At first I thought this would be an open world game with vampires but god I couldn't be more wrong. Anything on the streets are mindless creeps that does not react to you aside from having to fight them while trying to get your way through the city and your only conversations with the npcs are chat wheel grindings that leads you to mindless fights on the steets again. This feels liek an old mobile arpg and I failed to refund the game because the curscenes and the chattings took too long.
T.w² | Cannabis Corpse	Not Recommended	99.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/CabronFiber/	I really want to recommend this game, but in its current state I cannot. The game lacks a new game+ mechanic which is irritating not to mention there are a ton of bugs (including bugs involving the player character auto walking after exiting the map and being unable to walk in certain directions), terrible combat scaling, and a severe lack of replayability/content.This game has the potential to be good if the devs decide to fix issues and implement new game + (maybe implement some worthwile dlc if thats an option) but as is the game is not worth buying at full price, only get it on sale for now.
Lysamus	Not Recommended	18.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198000326220/	A bloody sincere attempt at telling a dark tale of a ravaged London and the beleaguered citizens/supernatural night monsters who dwell there, hamstrung by an anemic combat system and shallow dialogue that leave you thirsty for what could have been.John Carpenter: - A visual feast of a plague addled gothic London, complete with period appropriate literature. - A deep sense of consequence to the decisions you make. - A swarm of interesting NPCs to interact with, each with their own stories and personalities. - Tying the mechanic used to level up your character with passage of time invests you further into the outcome of your world.Stephenie Meyer: - Clunky combat system, made worse by the fact that combat is required at various points in the game. - Buggy. Visual hiccups, controls siezing up, UI adding waypoints on its own and on rare occasions, game crashes. - NPC interaction boils down to asking the same questions over and over again. - Game allows patient people to bypass the main mechanic of being a vampire, which defeats the purpose.Would Recommend To:Fans of games like Vampire the Masquerade Bloodlines who have already bled that game dry of content. Fans of Dark Souls style games who also seek a game that's more traditional RPG than action game.Would Alterantive Suggest:Another reinstall of Vampire the Masquerade Bloodlines. (Even worse combat, but leagues above this game in terms of the RPG systems and your ability to approach situations from multiple angles).At $50.00, I don't recommend this game. If you can find it for about $30 or less, the novelty of the experience outshines its flaws.
thomashalagersvendsen	Not Recommended	48.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197985314305/	Refreshing ideas, an engaging story (cut out the combat - and you have a rare gem), OK graphics (bordering on a beautiful game) and tolerable combat mechanics (PC without a controller: A clunky and boring grind - but somehow tolerable).Boss fights should of cause represent a noticeable difficulty increase (by a factor of 3 or 5) - but you will soon encounter bosses that require hundreds of attempts (PC without a controller: Requiring impossible timing ... much worse than Dark Souls)... The only workaround is to go back and 1) kill half the named NPC's for XP and 2) spend it all on very specific spells, giving you half a chance... Unimpressive.... am going to uninstall and never buy anything from them again.
nik69	Not Recommended	2.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198014798428/	This is the most boring game I've ever played.  It's not even worth writing a review for.  The combat, the story, the controls, all crap.  I wish I could get my money back.
veceira	Not Recommended	22.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198030554763/	corrupted save file jast as i was about to finish the the game gg
midnight	Not Recommended	18.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197990048197/	So much potentail!The game just doesnt feel like they tested it at all... There are awesome Darksoul like boss fights. Sadly they are either too easy or too broken. It is just no fun getting killed over and over by unpredictable attack hitboxes, damage over time effects that deal way too much damage and getting stuck and killed in stuns by teleporting mobs. Oh the game tends to crash once in a while, often when you go to the desktop. There is no way closing the game if you dont use two displays... you will have to restart your computer every time. Oh and there is no option to turn of the sound if you minimize the game.
May god have mercy on your soul	Not Recommended	6.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198131869863/	At first I thought this would be an open world game with vampires but god I couldn't be more wrong. Anything on the streets are mindless creeps that does not react to you aside from having to fight them while trying to get your way through the city and your only conversations with the npcs are chat wheel grindings that leads you to mindless fights on the steets again. This feels liek an old mobile arpg and I failed to refund the game because the curscenes and the chattings took too long.
T.w² | Cannabis Corpse	Not Recommended	99.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/CabronFiber/	I really want to recommend this game, but in its current state I cannot. The game lacks a new game+ mechanic which is irritating not to mention there are a ton of bugs (including bugs involving the player character auto walking after exiting the map and being unable to walk in certain directions), terrible combat scaling, and a severe lack of replayability/content.This game has the potential to be good if the devs decide to fix issues and implement new game + (maybe implement some worthwile dlc if thats an option) but as is the game is not worth buying at full price, only get it on sale for now.
Lysamus	Not Recommended	18.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198000326220/	A bloody sincere attempt at telling a dark tale of a ravaged London and the beleaguered citizens/supernatural night monsters who dwell there, hamstrung by an anemic combat system and shallow dialogue that leave you thirsty for what could have been.John Carpenter: - A visual feast of a plague addled gothic London, complete with period appropriate literature. - A deep sense of consequence to the decisions you make. - A swarm of interesting NPCs to interact with, each with their own stories and personalities. - Tying the mechanic used to level up your character with passage of time invests you further into the outcome of your world.Stephenie Meyer: - Clunky combat system, made worse by the fact that combat is required at various points in the game. - Buggy. Visual hiccups, controls siezing up, UI adding waypoints on its own and on rare occasions, game crashes. - NPC interaction boils down to asking the same questions over and over again. - Game allows patient people to bypass the main mechanic of being a vampire, which defeats the purpose.Would Recommend To:Fans of games like Vampire the Masquerade Bloodlines who have already bled that game dry of content. Fans of Dark Souls style games who also seek a game that's more traditional RPG than action game.Would Alterantive Suggest:Another reinstall of Vampire the Masquerade Bloodlines. (Even worse combat, but leagues above this game in terms of the RPG systems and your ability to approach situations from multiple angles).At $50.00, I don't recommend this game. If you can find it for about $30 or less, the novelty of the experience outshines its flaws.
thomashalagersvendsen	Not Recommended	48.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197985314305/	Refreshing ideas, an engaging story (cut out the combat - and you have a rare gem), OK graphics (bordering on a beautiful game) and tolerable combat mechanics (PC without a controller: A clunky and boring grind - but somehow tolerable).Boss fights should of cause represent a noticeable difficulty increase (by a factor of 3 or 5) - but you will soon encounter bosses that require hundreds of attempts (PC without a controller: Requiring impossible timing ... much worse than Dark Souls)... The only workaround is to go back and 1) kill half the named NPC's for XP and 2) spend it all on very specific spells, giving you half a chance... Unimpressive.... am going to uninstall and never buy anything from them again.
nik69	Not Recommended	2.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198014798428/	This is the most boring game I've ever played.  It's not even worth writing a review for.  The combat, the story, the controls, all crap.  I wish I could get my money back.
Sarif	Recommended	26.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/firesplash260/	This is my first review and I'm making it because I feel that this game is being misjudged. It's true the combat could be more challenging and there are too many mobs. There should be difficulty settings because the experience system is flawed. That being said this game is incredible. The amount of npc character interactions is immense and each of these interactions contribute to a deep level of storytelling. I've spent hours weeving my way around a dark and brooding london trying to unlock each npc's story arc. I'm not doing it for the blood but for the sheer beuty of their lives. The main story is also astounding in its complexity and rich detail. It is a culmination of all you could want in a vampire game. The hints of lore (sometimes huge doses of the stuff) is enough to pull you in for hours upon hours.In short I am in love with this game and I reccomend it to anyone who enjoys an amazing storytelling experience.
jungle.//	Recommended	39.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jungle_nz/	Great vampire game, nice mix of action, RPG and choices matter, good use of the Unreal 4 engine, worth buying and playing through.
Weedz420 / Ahkmedoodle	Recommended	11.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Weedz420/	Vampires? CheckRPG? CheckDoctor? Check11/10
AreolaBurgerNips	Recommended	20.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TheUnusualPlatypus/	Having completed the game and recently read a few of the reviews about this game i thought it would be wise to sum it all up.The main point i would say is dont go into this game expecting a master piece. This game dose have many flaws such as the poor character animations or the dull combat styles even traversing the map got tedious at times with the maze like streets and ungodly amount of mob packs. This is NOT a game focused on a steathy vampire who gose an a killing rampage, its about the history and story and i feel like that is why this game has as many negative reviews as it has beacsue people got the wrong idea and where expecting a completly different game The soul of this game is its story and nothing else. Only buy this game if i want a top quality story followed with great character development for the main character aswell as significant characters you will meet in the different districts. Having to preform multipul investigations into groups of characters who are all linked through a bond you have to uncover to learn their story or characters who are by them selves.The price of this game is rediculous, there is no way i would ever recommend this game at full price (i am recommending it as i purchased the game at a discount). There is no way this game is worth £45 for a 20-30 hour main story, even for a story as good as this one. wait for it to go on sale anywhere from £25-£30. I know what i have writen so far seems like i would not recommend this game but as someone who can identify the true selling point of this game which is its story i can recommend it at a discount *THIS IS NOT A GAME ABOUT BRUTAL FIGHTS OR RELENTLESS KILLING, THIS IS A STORY BASED GAME**Overall, only buy this game if you want an amazing story with good chacater devolopment and nothing else.* 
SmakZac	Recommended	36.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198074093738/	Story rich, the combat is definitely not the main focus of the game here. But every decision comes with a price, with no way to go back on such decisions the game can get quite a bit frustrating. I started I think 6 new games just because I kept making a wrong decision, eventually I gave up and just played the game. Ended up with the bad ending so that's nice. Overall really great story! Combat is a bit meh though! ♥♥♥♥Zac 7.5/10! Why 7.5? Because of the saving thing! GRRR!
Telamon	Not Recommended	27.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/pjspudiscool/	Was thoroughly enjoying and appreciating the gameplay and story until I clicked the "reset" button in the level up screen. I thought I would undo what I had just put xp into but instead it completely wiped my level. 17 hours in so extremely disgruntled that the devs put no warning popup or anything, I just clicked the button and lost everything. Really ruined the game for me, such a waste.
little BIG cucc	Not Recommended	9.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TEJR/	I've been waiting for this game since it's announcement.After a bit of waiting I finally got my hands on the game and even thought It's been few months since I last played the game... I wasn't completely sure why some mechanics seems stale or flat out boring.To start off I honestly don't bother if the game has some kind of crafting/alchemy mechanic and instantly ignore this feature.Mostly because it adds temporarely bonuses (Strength potion, Waterbreathing potion, etc.) and I might be totally dumb for this opinion, but I personally do things only for permanent bonuses. If something gives me flat bonus of something I just grab it and roll forward. Making cures/"potions" and crafting up your gear it just felt like a mechanic that had to give you a feeling of the game being big and open ... yet all you did was getting some handle parts, few other things boom your weapon now does 10 more damage.I can't really explain why (mainly because of my huge lack of english) but I could really point out every single thing about the game that really♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off after a while.Alot of people were bored up/Upset about the combat mechanics ... even though it was clunky and felt like it was created with consoles and consoles only in mind I've got used to it and quicky found out which strategy was the best.But what I really, REALLY couldn't get over was the main characters personality.Hipster looking billy boi non-stop crying over everything.Clearly if you hate being a vampire and really don't want to kill anyone just go and ♥♥♥♥ing end yourself in the church.I might really be wrong as a person but if something happends I just don't ♥♥♥♥♥ about it and do what it takes to be able to continue on. Let's say I really loved Baseball/softball back in elementary school. After a while I've got my back blocked and doctor told me I should never play any of those sports again. Now I wanted to play the sport and on the other hand I didn't want to cripple myslef to a wheelchair so I simply gave up my dream. There was no way around, simply forget the sport or be a dumb f*ck that puts himself on a wheelchair. Now seeing our Hipster Vampire Billy Boi in my position he would spent 3 cutscenes, 50 dialogues and 2 missions being sad he can't play his baseball.I hope you can see what I mean with the main character.It's someone you have to like and understand in a game like this... show me one god damn person that feeled for him.If I would woke up, killed my sister and became a vampire I would be sorry... but what could I've done?It almost feels like the game aimed for bunch of pussi bois that can't handle a slight emotional imbalance.TL;DRGame was playable, definetely nothing ground breaking.There should've been to kill the main character asap. The end. No happy end.4/10.
Wombatti	Not Recommended	1.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/wombatti333/	I played this in offline, so my playtime isn't what steam says.This game is sold as a vampire game, but really it's a zombie game instead. The main consept is cool, but unfortunately the game strays from it too much and for me this just felt bad because of that.Pros:Good StoryCool Vampire stuffDesisions affect the world (Kind of like in dishonored: do bad stuff and the world gets uglier)Cons:OK graphicsOK MusicPoor combat system (hit, dodge, repeat) When you are not in the games peaceful places, you will have to constantly fight zombies or vampire hunters. 
Chibi Phoenix	Recommended	30.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jujoco91/	Story is quite good, but choices don't really seem to change the outcome at all, which is kind off a bummer.Other than that enjoyed, except for the super annoying "door is locked" "i cannot enter" etc. it just seems a poor way to lenghten game time in my opinion.
Seamanbeast	Not Recommended	41.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198253610766/	I wanted to like this game, I even put over 40 hours into it.  I won't give away any spoilers directly, but let's just say that the game pushes certain "moral" choices, both religiously and politically.  Those obviously biased opionions, of which radiate from the devs so constantly through the game, ruin immersion and make the game more of a theatrical walkthrough than any real choice based progression.  Sure, you can be the "bad guy". You can play the game making choices that are obviously intended to pidgeonhole anyone of conservative thought into being a poiece of trash and an evil villain, but that isn't going to feel like it was your choice at all, it's going to feel like you are being called out on.... by literally every single NPC as you go through the game.  I think this game does a very good job of propping up the egos of liberal minded people, the game will certainly make you seem heroic and just, however, it holds almost no actual historical context to it. It ends up being a drab and unintellectual "hit piece" on modern conservatisim.  I highly recoommend you to skip this title.  I wish I would have.
imahealer1x	Recommended	58.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198132216243/	Didn't go into this expecting anything like "some people," so I wasn't disappointed at all. I liked the gameplay, which had a pretty good pace to it. I would only say the walking between districts if you're a completionist can be time consuming, I started using the dash just to move faster. The story was fine, and while on a much smaller scale, I would say its somewhat like how Skyrim's story works; while you can make many choices to change sidequests and the communities in the world, you will always get the same ending. This isn't such a bad thing because just like in Skyrim, you're supposed to feel like you're fight against the clock. In Skyrim, you were supposed to feel like you were working to stop the revival of Alduin, in Vamypr, its something else, but I don't want to spoil it. I would say I play most games for their story more than anything and this one felt fine, it did leave me wanting a sequal though with more movement speed and a larger map. Honestly, one of the best examples of what I'd hope for in map size and movement is Infamous: Festival of Blood.
grmbga	Recommended	34.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198027390024/	m8 this game is gr8 innit, brits fancy things n eregod save the queen
Dudeshutup	Not Recommended	1.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198151857106/	First impressions of the game:So if you like to munch on mice and ask a bunch of questions that seem to give you no real additional information this is the game for you! At the sweet price of 50 dollars, not including tax, this game has so far made me run around, what I assume to be London, and button smash a bunch of enemies with the IQ of 2.  The vampire aspects of the game and the grim portayal of London's streets are rather interesting, but for the price of the game I would not recommend.  Wait until this game goes on sale please before buying.
Algebro	Recommended	25.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/algebro/	Vampyr...God damn. I have some issues with this game.It is not life is strange. Same developers, different groups. Seen a lot of complaints about that - but don't expect them to be at all similar.The conversations are weird. How they play out can feel alien.The combat had me furious at times (I also made this game more difficult than it has to be, so that's on me).Some things in the game just feel obscure, and I was at times totally uncertain about wtf was going on.But toss all that aside, because this games aesthetic is incredible. Being a vampire feels powerful, my control over the life and death of everyone feels absolute, and more than anything I felt satisfaction in my success.Most of what needs to be said about this game would spoil it, I think - needless to say if you like an action RPG with British aesthetics that lets you feel like a bloodthirsty monster, this is for you.
Shadowz	Recommended	0.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/shadowzgreymoon/	Product received for free
So	Not Recommended	3.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198031067796/	Woeful. What could have been an 'amazing game', is flat, less evolved than than Dishonored 1. There are few to no joys with the attributes. An open world would have spared it such a listless storyline. Save your money. It's obvious to me that the writers and originators of this game should stay out of the business.
Phantom[Akechi]	Recommended	48.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198211214661/	Vampyr is one of the best games that were released this year so far, in my opinion of course. Vampyr has a very interesting and good storyline with ups and downs. The fact that you can chose your own way of playing the game makes it so good. The background music creates a very good atmosphere throughout the game and really suits the theme of old London. Not to forget the good voice acting in Vampyr. It feels so good to finally play a new good game based on Vampires, because these days Vampire based games are not very common. I can only recommend this game. You get a long and good vampire-based game for a fair price!
TheLuske	Not Recommended	16.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198405468064/	The game seems great, but the recommended specs are a lie. I have the recommended specs and the fps keeps dropping and the game keeps stuttering The graphics are great, but not so great that you need a 1080TI and an i9 processor.
1piecer	Not Recommended	38.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198068032928/	Loading screen makes the game (NOT Responsive) which can been seen in Task manger. Already updated Nvidia drivers. Most of the time keep waiting for like 3~5 min everytime a big loading screen shows which is Irritating when you CAN'T Alt+Tap to do anything on the PC and have to watch the damn screen frozen. Solution for now do Win key+Tab and go to the screen2 and open any program that isn't open on screen1 to at least watch something on a browser while the stupid game become Responsive again.(Game started working properly for 2 days and then returned to its ♥♥♥♥♥♥ habit). Fps drops on a Rig (GTX1080Ti/ 16Gb RAM/CPU i7-5820K), Changing settins to LOW/OFF dose nothing.It was fine at the start of the game UNTIL the rain starts falling for the rest of the game and FPS became♥♥♥♥♥♥so you have to reduce everything to Low/OFF to have at least 60FPS on most the areas. NOW AT CHAPTER5~6, HOSPITAL AREA ALWAYS DROP FRAMES ON LOW/OFF SETTINGS and some places. Nice port.People still have speech option shown white while you already exhuasted the dialog.Giving medicine to people at the end of game resulted in some showing on the map as not reciving anything but on the world it shows recovering.Glitches with the 4 Braille papers Quest. It shows you have 4 papers while you only had 3 only.Enemies sounds disappearing after a quest and restarting the game is the only option with the TIDIOUS LOADING TIME.Fix those things  SPECIALLY the loading screen and I will change this to a positive review. Almost finishing the game and nothing regarding the loading screen fix. Bad desgins, enemies will return to their position once you enter a different area EVEN if you are in front of them and you cross, they will ignore you.Combat is Midcore, and if you want to end ANYONE just wait for their move and then punish. Let them attack will you dodge/run and then hit 2 times and run. Some enemy attacks are just stupid, it follows you in circles like if you dodge behind them some they will hit you so better to dodge behind them and still be Far away.So called openwolrd is Closed by doors that opens from the other side, immersion my @ss speically with iron doors that you can extend your hand between iron bars and open if that was real. People will say the same lines when you try to save them. Imagine someone saying the SAME TWO LINES for 3~5 mins while you attacking the enemies. Really annoying.Dialog is showing like Fallout4, with short words. Sometimes it doesnt represent what you want at all which is why during Main missions they show you if it will kill/spare/something else so you won't get more annoyed.Going from the end of the map to another is more annoing so it would be nice if there was teleportation but no that is too much.Markers you put on map goes ALLOVER the place from time to time, so you better not relay on them speically when you put a marker on the map and close the game.If you go to the map/menu your movement sometimes glitch with the camera and you have to open the map/menu again to restore the damn directional controls to original way.Finally:Do not buy the game with the stupid loading screen BS, You will hate the game more than what you think. Game so far didn't receive ANY Update for this problem 17th June. Offically,♥♥♥♥♥♥PORT. DO not buy unless there is a fix for all that is above. The game's story is ok, gamplay annoying with the glitches, combat, FPS drops, and the SWEET SWEET LOADING SCREEN ON A 1080TI. BUY ON SALE ONLY, I finally can add this Developers to my list of (Do Not Buy During Release).Game 7/10 but with all this BS it is a 4 or 5 at best.
gamereclaim	Not Recommended	9.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198015751364/	Avoid this game- laughable, bland dialogues. You'll be bored listening to them- All parts of town look exactly the same... no matter how gorgeous the scenery it gets old pretty fast- combat is simplistic, boring- leveling up, crafting, skills are all useless as the enemies automatically match your current power resulting in long, boring fights- no sneaking. You walk in and get attacked. Kills the mood.I really don't know why I bought this. Maybe the marketing was good. A vampire mod for dishonored would be 10 times better than this.
Brahlam	Recommended	17.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Brahlam/	Very well written story and dialogues. The voice acting is exceptionaly well made. The combat system how ever feels somewhat clunky. Could have been better. The crafting is easy enough so that it doesnt disturb the playing experience (I dont like crafting). I'm only a few hours in at the moment but if you like story focused games combined with impactful decisions than you should go for it.
Mozenator	Recommended	29.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Mozenator/	zThe game only truly lives up to its potential if you fully embrace the conversation mechanics fully. If thats not your thing, it will get boring fast. If it is your thing, its pretty freaking awesome. The combat does get more enjoyable once you unlock some more abilities
Squishy	Not Recommended	2.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/squishyderpy/	I stopped at about 2 hours, the limit for a refund. So that pretty much speaks on its own, I have not yet requested it, since there is potential, but the combat system is simply too atrocious.The game in itself can be interesting, but it is horribly slow. It is like a visual novel, with collectible items (letters and notes mostly).The lore and loot holds themselves to the setting, without being over the top.Technically, they thought of everything on the basics, the game detects your rig capacity correctly, and sets itself accordingly perfectly. It sat itself on 4K, all options maxed, and holds itself at around 60FPS quite nicely.If you take into account we’re talking about Vampires during the spanish flu epidemic in London, things holds themselves story wise.The levelling is interesting, and I will not speak about this so it is not spoiled for anyone.But the animations, and particularly combat, are borderline atrocious. This to me, is the biggest let down in the game so far. The combats can NOT be avoided, and is absolutely atrocious. You move, like... well, on  a console (forced odd turns and exaggerated turns to compensate for how inappropriate controllers actually are). Combat is limited to mashing left clicks, with the occasional right click and numbers keys. But it is mostly left click spam. There is virtually no tactical way to resolve a fight, most enemies other than the standard canon fodders, are just damages sponges, spamming the same♥♥♥♥♥♥non stop. Both you, and the npc’s will be spamming the same ♥♥♥♥ing move/animation for eons until one of you dies.The dialogues are fine, while not being extra-ordinary. The voice acting is quite ok, while not excellent, it remains very acceptable. The lip syncing is ok, but virtually everyone is very fidgety during the chats, which is a bit odd. The subtitles contains a quite a lot of errors, grammatical or otherwise, which leads me to believe QA was potentially rushed, despite the slight delay in the release. I suspect toward the end, they had to sacrifice things, and combat got the short end of the stick.I will, however, reiterate, that on the technical side, things have been well thought out on the basics (keyboard/language/settings detection), and the potential of the game, should they fix the combat system, are the only reasons stopping me from getting a refund, hoping they’ll actually fix this.
Artintrex	Not Recommended	22.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/artintrex/	I don`t care how many babies you sacrificed during designing levels. Just ♥♥♥♥ing remove these locked doors blocking pathways for no reason.
Bamsmacked	Not Recommended	16.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198026954931/	I'm almost 7 hours into the game and It's a good game but not very satisfying. Really the only Pros I can think of..* The investigations/ learning about characters hints and secrets is actually pretty fun and unique and how each character effects the Health of each hub, this is probably  best part about the game. All characters are worth a set amount of exp depending on how many clues you unlocked about them or if they are sick. Healthy people that you uncovered all their clues tend to yield the most EXP if you choose to embrace them,  sick people will give you less, but you can choose to treat them help them recover from their illness which will give you more exp later if you decide to embrace. There are consquences to embracing people and you won't know what those are until you rest and start again the next night. Embracing citizens lowers the stability of the district, you have Sanitized, Healthy, Stable, Critical, and Hostile. The more people you embrace the less stable it becomes and the more people you help cure and save it increases the stability. It's important to choose who you embrace wisely -- I for one know of a few scumbags who I feel are bad for the district so once unlock all their clues I will embrace them for huge amounts of XP. If you don't want to embrace anyone your character will actually be very gimped I think by the end.* It will consume your time.Cons* The character progression is linear and generic. The abilities feel generic and not very unique -- and when you are not at level prerequiste to evolve an ability your basically dumping XP into things like your "body" perks which only increase your health and stamina, which give you nothing unique as far as powers or abilites it just pads your stats. Pretty much  every perk in the game that isn't an active only gives you stats and nothing else which is really boring. All character setups will probably end up playing exactly the same by the end of the game.* The item progression is linear and generic. Every single weapon can be upgraded past tier 1 all have the same upgrading effects. I got the item DLC for this game so the Sword tier 1 upgrade gives you a flat damage boost plus you can chose between two minor upgrades in that tier ; a 10% dmg modifier or a blood steal modifier. Every single melee weapon so far for me gives you the same two options, so you'll find yourself only gathering components to upgrade your items just for the flat damage boost and then take the blood steal modifier from each tier since your vampiric abilities are what do the most damage and having more blood means you can spam them more. You'll basically build every single weapon this way and this is extremly dissappointing. Why doesn't each upgradable melee weapon have it's own unique minor upgrades? * I usually don't judge a game from it's graphics but this game has pretty bad graphics for 2018. I would compare this game to Deus Ex : Human Revolution graphics and even wager that Deus Ex graphics were a bit better. * The dialog and interaction with other characters is kind of boring, while they did good on not making character conversations 45mins long I find myself skipping most dialog simply because it's not that interesting. I wish the game would zoom out and show both yourself and the person you are talking with during dialogs. It's very immersion breaking when every single dialog it shows you the back of Johns head.
DIGIT4LB4TH	Recommended	26.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198018851905/	Story driven, dark, atmospheric AA singleplayer game in a fantastic setting and with a very unique and refreshing game mechanic (social system): I can highly recommend this little gem. Rough on some edges (crafting, loot) but even the often criticized combat feels pretty good with a gamepad actually. High replay value, well thought out skill tree, many possible builds and story twists. Thumbs up overall.
Horny Shrimp	Not Recommended	1.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197980783984/	1080Ti + 7700K + SSD + Latest Drivers = Abysmal performance, stuttering ( couple seconds freezes would be more accurate ) and, game's crashing randomly of course...Only title among the hundreds I've got that is performing so poorly... Absolute mess of a game !!
Thunderhead	Recommended	39.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197968348456/	Great game but killed by the combat system, I would love to progress the game but no matter how much I try I just cant get passed Fegal, and its driving me mad, if there was an option to change from easy to medium to hard, I would select easy for this bit then change back, so I just put the game down, occasionly pick it up try again then lose intrest, maybe the new incoming updates that dont rely on combat so much will help, as said super game but slighty flawed as you keep trying and lose intrest
The Seventh Son	Recommended	25.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Syrinxian/	Just completed a plathrough of this game. It took me 25 hoursBefore anything else, this game is hard. If you want the best ending, you're going to be underleveled by around 10 through the entire game. The level difference means you'll be dishing out less damage and be taking more. However, if you don't mind getting the "Bad" endings, then the game can also be very easy. The story is a little clunky. Some of the dialogue is great, while othe peices fall flat. The relationship feels rather shoe horned and didn't have any build up. Just suddenly both of them deciding they were itnerested in the other. The jump was sudden enough thatg I wondered if I had someone skipped some scenes. For the most part, however, the story is interesting and engaging. Where it really shines is in the individual stories behidn each NPCs and getting to know the city, so to speak.The combat is fairly fluid. While researching the game, I found complaint sof buggy or clunky combat controls. I felt the controls to be pretty on point. After playign through, I think the amount of hyper armor moves enemies will ahve might be what is throwing people off. Especially if you're trying to be a good guy. You have different weapon choices, which ahve different movesets, and abilities to use with your weapons. When you get the system down, the power of being a vampyr among mortals really does show though.All in all decent game. It's realyl it's own genre bringing the combat or an ARPG and infusing it into this game of keeping your districts and citizens alive, making choices, and getting to know the individual NPCs through dialogue wheels.If you like ARPGs and open world story driven game, chances ar eyou'll enjoy Vampyr. It wont win any awards, and wont likely be your favorite game, but it does enough thigns right or in a different way that it's a fun play.
nextlevel1	Not Recommended	1.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198007459733/	just not what you think
Ph1l0z0ph3r	Recommended	11.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Ph1l0z0ph3r/	Great Vampire RPG with feeding and dialogue choices that will make each playthrough different. Skill tree is varied enough that multiple paths can be taken and story is solid enough to keep player interest for multiple run throughs.
GeorgeZhu	Recommended	16.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ktheripper/	FAST TRAVEL is very NECESSARY
jetmorph	Not Recommended	53.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197965542798/	They recently patched target swapping into the game.... now everytime you move your mouse you will randomaly switch targets making fights with more then one person with 50 m near impossible...
flavorflav	Not Recommended	33.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/umhum/	Pros 1- first actual vampire game since Vampire: The Masquerade – Bloodlines 2- decent plot and story 3-decent eco systemCons 1- horrible out dated combat system  2- no fast travel plenty of time wasted walking streets 3- the way building and street are constructed it would have been useful to have a mini map 4- combat system physics are of the 90's era 5- everything is simplified there arn't many challenges nor real punishments such as the one of darksouls game 6- limited charecter dev paths 7- XP system  and reward for killing high level or low level mobs is kind of weirdVerdict   6.5/10i have been waiting for a good vampire game since Vampire: The Masquerade – Bloodlines and even with vampyr i am still waiting due to my disappointment with this game
Ph1l0z0ph3r	Recommended	11.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Ph1l0z0ph3r/	Great Vampire RPG with feeding and dialogue choices that will make each playthrough different. Skill tree is varied enough that multiple paths can be taken and story is solid enough to keep player interest for multiple run throughs.
Phantom[Akechi]	Recommended	48.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198211214661/	Vampyr is one of the best games that were released this year so far, in my opinion of course. Vampyr has a very interesting and good storyline with ups and downs. The fact that you can chose your own way of playing the game makes it so good. The background music creates a very good atmosphere throughout the game and really suits the theme of old London. Not to forget the good voice acting in Vampyr. It feels so good to finally play a new good game based on Vampires, because these days Vampire based games are not very common. I can only recommend this game. You get a long and good vampire-based game for a fair price!
TheLuske	Not Recommended	16.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198405468064/	The game seems great, but the recommended specs are a lie. I have the recommended specs and the fps keeps dropping and the game keeps stuttering The graphics are great, but not so great that you need a 1080TI and an i9 processor.
1piecer	Not Recommended	38.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198068032928/	Loading screen makes the game (NOT Responsive) which can been seen in Task manger. Already updated Nvidia drivers. Most of the time keep waiting for like 3~5 min everytime a big loading screen shows which is Irritating when you CAN'T Alt+Tap to do anything on the PC and have to watch the damn screen frozen. Solution for now do Win key+Tab and go to the screen2 and open any program that isn't open on screen1 to at least watch something on a browser while the stupid game become Responsive again.(Game started working properly for 2 days and then returned to its ♥♥♥♥♥♥ habit). Fps drops on a Rig (GTX1080Ti/ 16Gb RAM/CPU i7-5820K), Changing settins to LOW/OFF dose nothing.It was fine at the start of the game UNTIL the rain starts falling for the rest of the game and FPS became♥♥♥♥♥♥so you have to reduce everything to Low/OFF to have at least 60FPS on most the areas. NOW AT CHAPTER5~6, HOSPITAL AREA ALWAYS DROP FRAMES ON LOW/OFF SETTINGS and some places. Nice port.People still have speech option shown white while you already exhuasted the dialog.Giving medicine to people at the end of game resulted in some showing on the map as not reciving anything but on the world it shows recovering.Glitches with the 4 Braille papers Quest. It shows you have 4 papers while you only had 3 only.Enemies sounds disappearing after a quest and restarting the game is the only option with the TIDIOUS LOADING TIME.Fix those things  SPECIALLY the loading screen and I will change this to a positive review. Almost finishing the game and nothing regarding the loading screen fix. Bad desgins, enemies will return to their position once you enter a different area EVEN if you are in front of them and you cross, they will ignore you.Combat is Midcore, and if you want to end ANYONE just wait for their move and then punish. Let them attack will you dodge/run and then hit 2 times and run. Some enemy attacks are just stupid, it follows you in circles like if you dodge behind them some they will hit you so better to dodge behind them and still be Far away.So called openwolrd is Closed by doors that opens from the other side, immersion my @ss speically with iron doors that you can extend your hand between iron bars and open if that was real. People will say the same lines when you try to save them. Imagine someone saying the SAME TWO LINES for 3~5 mins while you attacking the enemies. Really annoying.Dialog is showing like Fallout4, with short words. Sometimes it doesnt represent what you want at all which is why during Main missions they show you if it will kill/spare/something else so you won't get more annoyed.Going from the end of the map to another is more annoing so it would be nice if there was teleportation but no that is too much.Markers you put on map goes ALLOVER the place from time to time, so you better not relay on them speically when you put a marker on the map and close the game.If you go to the map/menu your movement sometimes glitch with the camera and you have to open the map/menu again to restore the damn directional controls to original way.Finally:Do not buy the game with the stupid loading screen BS, You will hate the game more than what you think. Game so far didn't receive ANY Update for this problem 17th June. Offically,♥♥♥♥♥♥PORT. DO not buy unless there is a fix for all that is above. The game's story is ok, gamplay annoying with the glitches, combat, FPS drops, and the SWEET SWEET LOADING SCREEN ON A 1080TI. BUY ON SALE ONLY, I finally can add this Developers to my list of (Do Not Buy During Release).Game 7/10 but with all this BS it is a 4 or 5 at best.
gamereclaim	Not Recommended	9.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198015751364/	Avoid this game- laughable, bland dialogues. You'll be bored listening to them- All parts of town look exactly the same... no matter how gorgeous the scenery it gets old pretty fast- combat is simplistic, boring- leveling up, crafting, skills are all useless as the enemies automatically match your current power resulting in long, boring fights- no sneaking. You walk in and get attacked. Kills the mood.I really don't know why I bought this. Maybe the marketing was good. A vampire mod for dishonored would be 10 times better than this.
Brahlam	Recommended	17.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Brahlam/	Very well written story and dialogues. The voice acting is exceptionaly well made. The combat system how ever feels somewhat clunky. Could have been better. The crafting is easy enough so that it doesnt disturb the playing experience (I dont like crafting). I'm only a few hours in at the moment but if you like story focused games combined with impactful decisions than you should go for it.
Mozenator	Recommended	29.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Mozenator/	zThe game only truly lives up to its potential if you fully embrace the conversation mechanics fully. If thats not your thing, it will get boring fast. If it is your thing, its pretty freaking awesome. The combat does get more enjoyable once you unlock some more abilities
Squishy	Not Recommended	2.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/squishyderpy/	I stopped at about 2 hours, the limit for a refund. So that pretty much speaks on its own, I have not yet requested it, since there is potential, but the combat system is simply too atrocious.The game in itself can be interesting, but it is horribly slow. It is like a visual novel, with collectible items (letters and notes mostly).The lore and loot holds themselves to the setting, without being over the top.Technically, they thought of everything on the basics, the game detects your rig capacity correctly, and sets itself accordingly perfectly. It sat itself on 4K, all options maxed, and holds itself at around 60FPS quite nicely.If you take into account we’re talking about Vampires during the spanish flu epidemic in London, things holds themselves story wise.The levelling is interesting, and I will not speak about this so it is not spoiled for anyone.But the animations, and particularly combat, are borderline atrocious. This to me, is the biggest let down in the game so far. The combats can NOT be avoided, and is absolutely atrocious. You move, like... well, on  a console (forced odd turns and exaggerated turns to compensate for how inappropriate controllers actually are). Combat is limited to mashing left clicks, with the occasional right click and numbers keys. But it is mostly left click spam. There is virtually no tactical way to resolve a fight, most enemies other than the standard canon fodders, are just damages sponges, spamming the same♥♥♥♥♥♥non stop. Both you, and the npc’s will be spamming the same ♥♥♥♥ing move/animation for eons until one of you dies.The dialogues are fine, while not being extra-ordinary. The voice acting is quite ok, while not excellent, it remains very acceptable. The lip syncing is ok, but virtually everyone is very fidgety during the chats, which is a bit odd. The subtitles contains a quite a lot of errors, grammatical or otherwise, which leads me to believe QA was potentially rushed, despite the slight delay in the release. I suspect toward the end, they had to sacrifice things, and combat got the short end of the stick.I will, however, reiterate, that on the technical side, things have been well thought out on the basics (keyboard/language/settings detection), and the potential of the game, should they fix the combat system, are the only reasons stopping me from getting a refund, hoping they’ll actually fix this.
Artintrex	Not Recommended	22.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/artintrex/	I don`t care how many babies you sacrificed during designing levels. Just ♥♥♥♥ing remove these locked doors blocking pathways for no reason.
Bamsmacked	Not Recommended	16.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198026954931/	I'm almost 7 hours into the game and It's a good game but not very satisfying. Really the only Pros I can think of..* The investigations/ learning about characters hints and secrets is actually pretty fun and unique and how each character effects the Health of each hub, this is probably  best part about the game. All characters are worth a set amount of exp depending on how many clues you unlocked about them or if they are sick. Healthy people that you uncovered all their clues tend to yield the most EXP if you choose to embrace them,  sick people will give you less, but you can choose to treat them help them recover from their illness which will give you more exp later if you decide to embrace. There are consquences to embracing people and you won't know what those are until you rest and start again the next night. Embracing citizens lowers the stability of the district, you have Sanitized, Healthy, Stable, Critical, and Hostile. The more people you embrace the less stable it becomes and the more people you help cure and save it increases the stability. It's important to choose who you embrace wisely -- I for one know of a few scumbags who I feel are bad for the district so once unlock all their clues I will embrace them for huge amounts of XP. If you don't want to embrace anyone your character will actually be very gimped I think by the end.* It will consume your time.Cons* The character progression is linear and generic. The abilities feel generic and not very unique -- and when you are not at level prerequiste to evolve an ability your basically dumping XP into things like your "body" perks which only increase your health and stamina, which give you nothing unique as far as powers or abilites it just pads your stats. Pretty much  every perk in the game that isn't an active only gives you stats and nothing else which is really boring. All character setups will probably end up playing exactly the same by the end of the game.* The item progression is linear and generic. Every single weapon can be upgraded past tier 1 all have the same upgrading effects. I got the item DLC for this game so the Sword tier 1 upgrade gives you a flat damage boost plus you can chose between two minor upgrades in that tier ; a 10% dmg modifier or a blood steal modifier. Every single melee weapon so far for me gives you the same two options, so you'll find yourself only gathering components to upgrade your items just for the flat damage boost and then take the blood steal modifier from each tier since your vampiric abilities are what do the most damage and having more blood means you can spam them more. You'll basically build every single weapon this way and this is extremly dissappointing. Why doesn't each upgradable melee weapon have it's own unique minor upgrades? * I usually don't judge a game from it's graphics but this game has pretty bad graphics for 2018. I would compare this game to Deus Ex : Human Revolution graphics and even wager that Deus Ex graphics were a bit better. * The dialog and interaction with other characters is kind of boring, while they did good on not making character conversations 45mins long I find myself skipping most dialog simply because it's not that interesting. I wish the game would zoom out and show both yourself and the person you are talking with during dialogs. It's very immersion breaking when every single dialog it shows you the back of Johns head.
Jess	Recommended	48.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jkkowton/	Actually, Sisyphus already wrote most of the things I think about the game, I could just copy-paste what they said. But I'll try to write things that concerned me personally.I'm giving thumbs up this game because of aesthetics. I love dark games, I adore vampires, I need more good games about this.Now, most important, I'm not fond of what they did with the story. Good idea, bad implementation. It feels short, it gives a lot of frustration about how it managed, how you are made to do things, how you receive only necessary things and no more. For it's price and from its ads I sure expected a very complex thing, not 10 lines from every character. Whole thing leaves you fith that 'Is that all???' feeling.While design is nice, graphics and optimization gave me a lot of frustration because my PC apparently is too weak to manage it on high settings without lagging badly and game doesn't look too good on mids. I play Witcher 3 on something between high and highest and I have a lot of questions about what Vampyr has and Witcher hasn't to make my PC act that way.And last thing I'm going to mention, I guess, is complete absence of character customization, and I don't buy that 'Reid loves himself as he is' stuff, seriously, it doesn't work in fiction, come on. He could at least have some spare shirts, he's supposedly roaming around for weeks and place's dirty.
StinkY SmELLy FOOT	Not Recommended	27.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Marine_crab/	Very buggy, lots of glitches... rendering issues and sound issues.. Camera can be awful at times but thats to expect with 3rd person games..  Combat is awful.. There is no fast traveling.. enemies constantly respawn... when you die, all consumables you used (including ammo) during that battle are lost, making boss fights harder. Great storyline, choices have huge impacts, engaging once you get into the story..But, not worth the full price it is right now, grab it on sale
SmakZac	Recommended	36.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198074093738/	Story rich, the combat is definitely not the main focus of the game here. But every decision comes with a price, with no way to go back on such decisions the game can get quite a bit frustrating. I started I think 6 new games just because I kept making a wrong decision, eventually I gave up and just played the game. Ended up with the bad ending so that's nice. Overall really great story! Combat is a bit meh though! ♥♥♥♥Zac 7.5/10! Why 7.5? Because of the saving thing! GRRR!
Telamon	Not Recommended	27.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/pjspudiscool/	Was thoroughly enjoying and appreciating the gameplay and story until I clicked the "reset" button in the level up screen. I thought I would undo what I had just put xp into but instead it completely wiped my level. 17 hours in so extremely disgruntled that the devs put no warning popup or anything, I just clicked the button and lost everything. Really ruined the game for me, such a waste.
little BIG cucc	Not Recommended	9.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TEJR/	I've been waiting for this game since it's announcement.After a bit of waiting I finally got my hands on the game and even thought It's been few months since I last played the game... I wasn't completely sure why some mechanics seems stale or flat out boring.To start off I honestly don't bother if the game has some kind of crafting/alchemy mechanic and instantly ignore this feature.Mostly because it adds temporarely bonuses (Strength potion, Waterbreathing potion, etc.) and I might be totally dumb for this opinion, but I personally do things only for permanent bonuses. If something gives me flat bonus of something I just grab it and roll forward. Making cures/"potions" and crafting up your gear it just felt like a mechanic that had to give you a feeling of the game being big and open ... yet all you did was getting some handle parts, few other things boom your weapon now does 10 more damage.I can't really explain why (mainly because of my huge lack of english) but I could really point out every single thing about the game that really♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off after a while.Alot of people were bored up/Upset about the combat mechanics ... even though it was clunky and felt like it was created with consoles and consoles only in mind I've got used to it and quicky found out which strategy was the best.But what I really, REALLY couldn't get over was the main characters personality.Hipster looking billy boi non-stop crying over everything.Clearly if you hate being a vampire and really don't want to kill anyone just go and ♥♥♥♥ing end yourself in the church.I might really be wrong as a person but if something happends I just don't ♥♥♥♥♥ about it and do what it takes to be able to continue on. Let's say I really loved Baseball/softball back in elementary school. After a while I've got my back blocked and doctor told me I should never play any of those sports again. Now I wanted to play the sport and on the other hand I didn't want to cripple myslef to a wheelchair so I simply gave up my dream. There was no way around, simply forget the sport or be a dumb f*ck that puts himself on a wheelchair. Now seeing our Hipster Vampire Billy Boi in my position he would spent 3 cutscenes, 50 dialogues and 2 missions being sad he can't play his baseball.I hope you can see what I mean with the main character.It's someone you have to like and understand in a game like this... show me one god damn person that feeled for him.If I would woke up, killed my sister and became a vampire I would be sorry... but what could I've done?It almost feels like the game aimed for bunch of pussi bois that can't handle a slight emotional imbalance.TL;DRGame was playable, definetely nothing ground breaking.There should've been to kill the main character asap. The end. No happy end.4/10.
Wombatti	Not Recommended	1.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/wombatti333/	I played this in offline, so my playtime isn't what steam says.This game is sold as a vampire game, but really it's a zombie game instead. The main consept is cool, but unfortunately the game strays from it too much and for me this just felt bad because of that.Pros:Good StoryCool Vampire stuffDesisions affect the world (Kind of like in dishonored: do bad stuff and the world gets uglier)Cons:OK graphicsOK MusicPoor combat system (hit, dodge, repeat) When you are not in the games peaceful places, you will have to constantly fight zombies or vampire hunters. 
Chibi Phoenix	Recommended	30.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jujoco91/	Story is quite good, but choices don't really seem to change the outcome at all, which is kind off a bummer.Other than that enjoyed, except for the super annoying "door is locked" "i cannot enter" etc. it just seems a poor way to lenghten game time in my opinion.
Seamanbeast	Not Recommended	41.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198253610766/	I wanted to like this game, I even put over 40 hours into it.  I won't give away any spoilers directly, but let's just say that the game pushes certain "moral" choices, both religiously and politically.  Those obviously biased opionions, of which radiate from the devs so constantly through the game, ruin immersion and make the game more of a theatrical walkthrough than any real choice based progression.  Sure, you can be the "bad guy". You can play the game making choices that are obviously intended to pidgeonhole anyone of conservative thought into being a poiece of trash and an evil villain, but that isn't going to feel like it was your choice at all, it's going to feel like you are being called out on.... by literally every single NPC as you go through the game.  I think this game does a very good job of propping up the egos of liberal minded people, the game will certainly make you seem heroic and just, however, it holds almost no actual historical context to it. It ends up being a drab and unintellectual "hit piece" on modern conservatisim.  I highly recoommend you to skip this title.  I wish I would have.
Asmundr	Recommended	21.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Thiras1/	Overall, I did enjoy the game. But I would have enjoyed if there were more ways to build your character for combat. I kinda started out putting a lot of exp into offensive skills, but having to constantly recharge your blood got tiresome after a while and I ended up focusing on my melee skills instead. Halfway through the storyline I also felt like the dialouges with citizens were a bit bland. I did, however, enjoy reading about the story. One thing that did disturb me a bit was the fact that the key-characters magically knew when I had drained someone of their blood. I feel like they should at least have had to do some investigating, and find proof, before knowing it was me.Like I said at the start, I did enjoy the game, and I don't regret the time I've spent on it. Personally I consider the 49,99€ price tag a bit high though, and would probably recommend getting it when a sale offers it at a maximum of 40,00€.
PreschoolDropout	Not Recommended	13.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198090249716/	Review contains no story spoilers.I have not been absolutely dissappointed in a game since Too Human.The combat turns to absolute excrement when you fight an enemy that has teleportation capabilites. You will dash-dodge into enemy fire so often. I've rage quit in the middle of towns so often.Certain undead enemies have the ability to create the same substance the human hunters  use to drain your blood, life and stamina, and will spew the same dust when you strike them in melee. They are made of pure vampire poison, as vampires. ... Just... No.The power spikes that world experiences to make the game more difficult occur at the MOST INCONVIENANT TIMES. Just had an important, plot advancing cut-scene you had to leave the safety of your Hospital to get to? Surprise, all enemies you were almost on par with are now 6-10 levels ahead of you, and all of the civilians you could drink to catch up are far away. Your stealth abilites last only so long, and you can get caught out of it. Have fun Dark Souls'ing your way back to safety.The enemies can stun lock you. I've been knocked down and mashed my space bar to dash away, only to watch the boss wind up like a pro-golfer and take my undead head off. It's not fun. At all.  SO ANNOYING. Boss fights are cheap gimmicks for introducing new gimmicks. First boss is a *blank,* now there are those same blanks in the streets. Ergh. Unfortunately, I discovered this like 4 hours in, and Steam is pretty strict on that 2 hours limit. Guess that's what I get for doing sidequest instead of advancing to the garbage-fire.
danstew23	Not Recommended	2.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198171238315/	I was looking forward to this quite a bit, and at first, the atmosphere and graphics were just what I had expected. Dark, gloomy, atmospheric. The talent tree looked interesting, and there were some nice conversations with many different answers etc. However... what totally disappointed me very quickly was the amount of dull fighting you are required to do. So you have these long conversations, you move to a different zone and get swarmed by stupid, boring NPCs which aren't really challenging unless they are many levels above you. There also are tougher fights with some kind of quest-mini bosses. Why couldn't there have been options to cut back on the fighting, or avoid it? Why create a game with a lot of atmosphere, an interesting story and cool mechanics... and then have the protagonist slog through tons of unimaginative, boring little fights. Why are there huge consequences if you decide to suck the blood out of one of the named NPCs you talk to... but it's ok that you have to kill tons of vampire hunters etc?For my taste, there was too much combat, and it wasn't even fun. I felt no interest to continue investing myself into the story, knowing that whenever I'd do a task for a questline, I'd have to fight my way through the same boring mobs yet again, with no options. Add silly respawn-rates, too. And since I felt like I'd return this, I stopped trying it more in order to still be able to return it, which I did. Also, keeping everyone healthy by mixing different kind of meds is fun at first, but stops being fun after just a short while. So even if the story really might be good, I had no motivation to find out more. TL;DR: Great idea, wonderful atmosphere, fun mechanics, but way too much dull and unimaginative combat for MY taste. YMMV, if you don't mind or are into that, check out a playthrough to get a better idea about the amount of combat, and then try it. Wasn't for me, unfortunately. =/
Frankie Spankie	Recommended	19.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/frankie_spankie/	I really enjoyed this game and feel like it will unfortunately fall into obscurity in gaming and soon be forgotten. It's a shame the vampire genre isn't used very often because I feel like you can make some really cool games with it. In Vampyr, you play the role of Dr Jonathan Reid who hates the monster he has become and dedicates his time to finding a cure for vampires. You travel through a well thought out story involving politics of vampires living in human society. Each person in the game has their own story, dialogue, and end (assuming you choose to drain them of their blood.) Every person you kill will make a district weaker and killing all humans in a district will cause everyone who survived to flee and never return, leaving that district in chaos ruled by vampires. The whole society aspect was great. As a doctor, you have to actually cure their illnesses to keep them alive and healthy humans can give you more XP when you kill them. Keeping everyone alive however will lead to the best ending because after all, you are a doctor.The combat itself is similar to the Batman Arkham games. It's nothing great but it's serviceable. I certainly wouldn't call it bad as I've seen some people say but it's nothing special. Some of the abilities are really cool, my favorite was the ability that causes you to increase a victim's blood pressure until they explode (if they're a weaker enemy anyway, stronger enemies will survive after taking a lot of damage.) The boss battles were fun with some nice twists and strategies involved. The world is rather small and doesn't have any form of fast travel. Enemies will respawn all around the map and you'll have to deal with them multiple times just to progress through the story which feels rather tedious at times.I was actually surprised at how well optimized the game was. The only bug I ran into was one conversation froze, restarting the game fixed it. Otherwise it ran like a charm. I beat it in about 20 hours while only doing a fair share of the side quests. I bet if I focused on doing all the side quests, it would have probably added another 5-10 hours of content. That being said, the story was really good. It's a very dialogue heavy game so if that's not your thing, you may want to think twice. Overall, it's a great RPG. They tried something different and if you hate the monotony of modern games feeling so repetitive, Vampyr might be up your alley. I definitely recommend it and think it's a great buy.
TreeKillerMF	Recommended	38.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198133721443/	*Warning: Spoilers and Nitpiks within...and I guess a wall of text included.*            Vampyr is a good game that's unfortunately a generation or two behind. The saying usually goes "so-and-so was way ahead of it's time!" Well vampyr is the opposite of that, and I mean that in the least negative way I can put it. It just feels like Vampyr was a good game from the past, it's graphics, character animations, and clunky gameplay make it feel as if it belonged on the Xbox 360 or PS3.             To me, Vampyr feels as if it's similiar to the very first or second Witcher game in nature and let me be clear by what I exactly mean by that. It feels as though Vampyr is the rough draft for the more polished and thought out next step for the dev team. It establishes a world, lore, characters and an enjoyable protagonist as well as building a base feeling around the gameplay and what defines Vampyr. What brings it down though is as I said before, the poor graphics and face animations(textures don't always load completely or look muddy on certain NPCs, stiff clay doll like faces), clunky combat, etc.                The story itself is pretty good and will leave you satisfied for the most part if you go in with no expectations, it doesn't break any barriers or introduce really any new themes to the vampire genre but provides an interesting flavor with a twist involving disease, contagion, and the role of the protagonist being a doctor and a vampire at the same time. Pretty much all the questions introduced to you in the story are answered and solved so you don't have to worry that much on cliff hangers, essentially the story is the full package tied up with a neat ribbon and given to you to judge on your own.                As far as combat is concerned Vampyr struggles to make a good balance of story and combat flow. Sometimes I found myself sitting back in my chair and doing little things here and there at my desk while the characters were talking, then on the other hand when running through the streets of London you can't turn a corner without running into a fight. Combat feels grindy near the end because of this, and it's very much an oxymoron since for 10 minutes straight you're in conversation then you're in nonstop grindy combat until you get to the next hub of NPCs to have another 10 minutes of conversation. The powers and weapons you have at your disposal I will say are pretty fun to dash around and blast enemies with abilies, my only gripe with that is I couldn't equip more than 4 abilities at a time. It encourages you to specialize into certain abilities and even switch abilities out when facing different enemies but at the end of the day you can usually brute force it with the powers you have available.                 To summarize the bulk of my thoughts, and while most of those have been critical of the game I enjoyed the time I had while playing, the story kept me going further to find out the secret of my maker, solving the epidemic and learning the background of the characters in the game. Vampyr I believe is wrongly catagorized as an RPG. I would say it's more of a narrative driven action game with light rpg elements. Those elements include the level system, and deciding the fate of characters in the world(being a good guy, evil guy, or kinda good cause I save people but I'm a vampire so I take a nibble here and there). I was honestly hoping for a more Vampire: The Masqurade type of rpg elements baked into this game, but my personal preference is the more traditional D&D style rpg elements. Aside from that all I'm definitely excited for the prospect of a Vampyr 2 because I feel the devs will take the great foundation here and tweak and improve in the places they lacked while expanding the rpg elements and opening up the combat and world itself in the next installment. Like I said, this is akin to the first Witcher in my opinion. A decent game with a great established world and lore with potiental for the next game in the series. I hope to see Vampyr 2 be akin to Witcher 2 or 3, and I mean that in the way how that franchise evolved and not necessarily the gameplay elements within. I'd say if you enjoy the vampire genre, and want a good story with some fun combat go ahead and pick up Vampyr. It'd go a long way to support the devs and hopefully make a Vampyr 2 which evolves and expands on everything great about this game.
Hargrimms	Recommended	33.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197968429508/	Good, but not great.It took me 33h to finish it with all investigations (save one bugged) and without killing anyone (outside of combat). In general, I enjoyed the experience, although I would like to see a more fleshed out story with a well defined antagonist, more changes to London, particularly, see how conflicts between characters resolve, how characters' situations change (aside from them dying or not at some point) and more meaningful actions (less running around). I expected this game to be mostly (if not all) about story and interactions and even though it did relatively well in those areas, in my opinion, it could do quite a bit better to be considered a truely amazing, memorable experience. That said, I am looking forward to a possible sequel! :)Pros:+ Jonathan Reid is a solid protagonist (does not seem that way at start, but gets better as the game progresses, which actually represents very well his journey from a clueless newborn to a powerful and confident "young Ekon")+ voice acting (fitting, building the mood)+ London atmosphere+ the city changes based on your choices (in somewhat limited way though)+ some investigations were pretty good+ some characters have interesting backgrounds with nice twists+ crafting (usually I do not like crafting in games as it can be tedious, but in this case, resources were relatively easy to find, so it was mostly just a matter of deciding which weapon/serum I use more and craft/upgrade it in a way that fit my playstyle)+ fights were not bad, there was a sense of progression (I died very often initially, really did not get a feel for the fights until around the middle of the game, but since then I felt like Jonathan actually became more powerful)+ good graphics reinforcing the mood of the gameCons:- underutilized characters - some of them have interesting stories, however, from my single playthrough without killing anyone (outside of combat) it seems they did not really lead to anything - it would be interesting to see how those characters living or dying would actually affect the story or at least other characters, but I did not see much of that- running... lots of it, not really enriching the experience, fast travel would be more than welcome- tedious citizen healing mechanic (mostly there to make you run around the city between rests)- too many "filler" fights (since you run a lot around the city, you often keep running into the same fights)If you are looking for a dark, story-oriented game with vampyres in the lead role, than it is definitely worth checking out. That said, for me, Vampire The Masquerade: Bloodlines, is still *the* vampire RPG.
valough	Recommended	16.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198108083357/	7/10 Good enough to finish, really close to being something amazing but missed the mark.Lots of characters and dialogue but most of it isn't intresting enough to hold  attention, needed a bit more quality over quantity.The combat really does push you to want to suck npcs blood, as you can end up 10 levels below your enemys without it. Crafting is essential to pacifist playthourghs.Plays like an unpolished darksouls until you get higher level abilitys when it takes on its own identity.Feels like fast travel hasn't been included to pad the games time, closer to a 10 hours game if you take out the walk time and back tracking.That being said the occational mini bosses makes faffing about the streets worth it.It has a hand full of really enjoyable moments and themes, worth buying just so these guys can make another more pollished game later on.
Lilium	Recommended	35.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198096502521/	I mean meh, not worth the full price, but it's ok.The story is not that great, the main character is a basic hornyboy who apparently falls in love with all females he encounters. Also basic boohoo guilt man. Characters are also mostly bland, only ones who stand up are the main character and the leader of the vampire hunters, who's probably the most interesting guy in the game. The moral choice thing was very nice in my opinion, the game has a lot of potential in that, but it falls short in other areas, nice how it affected the story though.The combat can be compared to the Witcher-series, but I think the execution is worse. You're also going to be fighting the same type of enemies for the whole game basically, so it gets boring there. The skills and the ultimate were nicely done though.Best thing in the game is a part right in the start where  you decide you've had enough and shoot yourself in the chest. If it's in a sale where you can get it for cheap, it's an acceptable way to waste your time.
StillSalty	Not Recommended	11.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198076952520/	The PC version of this game is full of problems, both glitches and poor game and story design. There is a consistent problem with every loading screen of the game crashing, causing even small areas to take several minutes to load even on an SSD. The combat is clunky and you get caught and cornered in the tiny rooms they force you to fight in. EVERY problem in the game boils down to "exhaust everyone's dialogue tree repeatedly" and travel is a constant nuisance as powerful enemies respawn as soon as you leave the area, creating infinite but predictable and boring hazard that create MORE loading screens which ALSO crash when you die. The voice acting is solid for everyone EXCEPT the main character, who repeats the same lines about locked doors and rats over and over and has the charisma of wet cardboard. Finally gave up when an important choice in the main quest line that I THOUGHT would result in an important character forgetting everything that had happened that night instead resulted in breaking her entire psyche with no prior warning that this was even possible. Actually upset that I bought this for PC, even on sale, and that I wasted so many hours on it.
frontman12	Recommended	28.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/frontman12/	8/10Vampyr puts the protagonist, Dr. Jonathan Reid, in a difficult situation. He's just become a vampire, and he desires to know how and why this happened to him. To overcome the threats he will face along the way, he'll need to become stronger. However, the best way to become stronger is to kill and drink the blood of the named citizens of London, of which there are 64 in total (16 in each of the four districts). To complicate matters, you'll want to learn as much as you can about a citizen before choosing to kill them, as this increases the amount of experience you earn from the kill. Although this mechanic feels somewhat "gamey," it's easy to understand the intention of developer Dontnod, to make killing a more emotionally challenging choice. In addition, killing a citizen can destabilize their district, causing powerful enemies to spawn and making it more difficult to navigate.The aforementioned dilemma did indeed create tension for me during my playthrough, although some reviewers found that the game did not challenge them enough to entice them to kill. After a while, even when completing every investigation, I found my character 5-10 levels behind some of the more challenging enemies. While it's not impossible to kill enemies in this situation, they do seem to deal you a tremendous amount of damage. In addition, you'll begin to fight other vampires later in the game, and these have the ability to heal themselves, just like you. Therefore, you'll need to stack a lot of damage on at once to mitigate this ability. I ended up killing two citizens during my playthrough - I witnessed one commit murder with my own eyes, and the other I learned was a serial killer with uncontrollable "rage." While I can't say that it bothered me to kill these two citizens, cases this clear-cut are few and far between. A few times during my playthrough, I needed to run away and gain more strength prior to certain fights, and this was often when my citizen kills took place.I mentioned earlier that you could destabilize a district by killing its civilians. The way to mitigate this is to heal as many citizens in each district as you can. Dr. Reid can craft cures to nine various ailments and administer them as needed. Time only progresses in the game when you sleep, and this is also when you spend your earned XP to acquire character upgrades. You'll typically want to heal as many citizens as possible before sleeping to keep district health as high as possible. When you sleep, those cures take effect and then other citizens may come down with various ailments.The combat itself felt fine to me, for the most part, although I had some issues with staggering enemies. For the majority of my playthrough, I used a two-handed bludgeon. This weapon had the benefit of doing a lot of damage while also stunning enemies rather quickly. When enemies are stunned, you have an opportunity to bite them and regain "blood," which can be used to heal yourself and activate special abilities. For some of the enemies, especially the giant werewolves that you fight, the bludgeon staggers them a bit after each hit. As it is a slow and powerful weapon that uses a large amount of stamina, this makes sense. However, for other enemies, even the human enemies that you fight, the stagger is more hit and miss. This can create situations where you get stabbed or impaled immediately after hitting an enemy with a tremendous blow. After this happens a few times, you might then back away away each swing - but then if you actually did stagger the enemy, you're missing an opportunity for stacking on damage.I mostly focused on passive upgrades like stamina, total health, health regained on heal, blood capacity, blood regained with each bite, and damage dealt with each bite. However, I did use the first of the "ultimate" attacks and the "claws" ability. The game has a nice variety of enemies. There are a few different types of humans, with various combinations of pistols, shotguns, swords, crossbows, and arm blades. There are also vampires, skals (lesser vampires), werewolves, and vulkods (giant, muscle-bound, blue enemies in the vampire family).Luckily, killing citizens isn't the only way to get experience. You can also earn experience through completing investigations for citizens (which serve as the game's side quests). These are, by far, the highlight of the game, and where Dontnod's writing pedigree (of Life is Strange fame) shines through. Completing investigations often helps you learn about the connections between various citizens, and makes each citizen more three-dimensional and "real." Learning about the worries and desires of the citizenry makes London feel like an authentic and "lived-in" locale. Through these investigations, you'll learn about things like the botched surgery of a fellow doctor, an attempted suicide, or an affair with the spouse of a best friend. The investigations cover topics like medical progress vs. medical risk, grief and regret, and fatherhood/parenting. The game also touches on immigration issues and alludes to a "border wall" a la Donald Trump.A few quality of life improvements would be welcome in the game. First of all, I think that Jonathan should be able to fast travel between hideouts. Much of the late game is spent running across the map from district to district, dealing over and over with enemies that grant insignificant experience. In addition, I think it would be ideal if you could tag a citizen in the menu to have a waypoint appear and guide you to him/her. Sometimes you'll want to revisit a citizen that you saved in another location without a clear idea of where they might have gone, or you may want to bring a cure to one of the game's 64 citizens and not remember their location. Unfortunately, it seems that sometimes your waypoint will disappear from your in-game HUD as you traverse London. This was especially evident during Thelma Howcraft's "Wrong Target" investigation.I also had a few issues with the main story, which gets very deep into the weeds with vampire lore. At one point, an event in the story occurs which severely undermines the protagonist's guilt. I actually felt that this event made the game a bit less compelling. In addition, at the conclusion of a late-game fight, you are given the option to spare or turn an enemy, but not to kill them outright. This caused a bit of dissonance with me, as killing this enemy would've by far been the best option in my opinion.If you don't mind conversing with citizens (I mean, a LOT of conversation) and you think it'd be interesting to learn about the lives and connections between the citizens of London in the time of the Spanish Flu, give Vampyr a shot!
Tskales	Not Recommended	2.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/tskales/	Without question the buggiest, dullest and most annoying combat system in modern games. It absolutely ruins the game.Avoid.
flower.bean	Recommended	40.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/herdustisverypretty/	Ate a serial killer, then his mum adopted the local orphan. Then I ate a conman who was scamming an old lady with Alzheimer's, and she then mistook me for her murdered son.Jonathan Reid: cleaning up the streets of London by eating unsavoury folks and getting people adopted (including himself)In all seriousness though I'm loving the game, especially with the story difficulty update. The combat in story mode is way easier (almost a little too easy, even for me) which is great because I'm really enjoying the narrative as well as snooping into citizens' lives and secrets. The vampire lore and mythos is also super fascinating to learn about. Though I must admit, being referred to as Doctor Reid is very strange to me as a Criminal Minds fan...
valough	Recommended	16.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198108083357/	7/10 Good enough to finish, really close to being something amazing but missed the mark.Lots of characters and dialogue but most of it isn't intresting enough to hold  attention, needed a bit more quality over quantity.The combat really does push you to want to suck npcs blood, as you can end up 10 levels below your enemys without it. Crafting is essential to pacifist playthourghs.Plays like an unpolished darksouls until you get higher level abilitys when it takes on its own identity.Feels like fast travel hasn't been included to pad the games time, closer to a 10 hours game if you take out the walk time and back tracking.That being said the occational mini bosses makes faffing about the streets worth it.It has a hand full of really enjoyable moments and themes, worth buying just so these guys can make another more pollished game later on.
Lilium	Recommended	35.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198096502521/	I mean meh, not worth the full price, but it's ok.The story is not that great, the main character is a basic hornyboy who apparently falls in love with all females he encounters. Also basic boohoo guilt man. Characters are also mostly bland, only ones who stand up are the main character and the leader of the vampire hunters, who's probably the most interesting guy in the game. The moral choice thing was very nice in my opinion, the game has a lot of potential in that, but it falls short in other areas, nice how it affected the story though.The combat can be compared to the Witcher-series, but I think the execution is worse. You're also going to be fighting the same type of enemies for the whole game basically, so it gets boring there. The skills and the ultimate were nicely done though.Best thing in the game is a part right in the start where  you decide you've had enough and shoot yourself in the chest. If it's in a sale where you can get it for cheap, it's an acceptable way to waste your time.
StillSalty	Not Recommended	11.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198076952520/	The PC version of this game is full of problems, both glitches and poor game and story design. There is a consistent problem with every loading screen of the game crashing, causing even small areas to take several minutes to load even on an SSD. The combat is clunky and you get caught and cornered in the tiny rooms they force you to fight in. EVERY problem in the game boils down to "exhaust everyone's dialogue tree repeatedly" and travel is a constant nuisance as powerful enemies respawn as soon as you leave the area, creating infinite but predictable and boring hazard that create MORE loading screens which ALSO crash when you die. The voice acting is solid for everyone EXCEPT the main character, who repeats the same lines about locked doors and rats over and over and has the charisma of wet cardboard. Finally gave up when an important choice in the main quest line that I THOUGHT would result in an important character forgetting everything that had happened that night instead resulted in breaking her entire psyche with no prior warning that this was even possible. Actually upset that I bought this for PC, even on sale, and that I wasted so many hours on it.
frontman12	Recommended	28.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/frontman12/	8/10Vampyr puts the protagonist, Dr. Jonathan Reid, in a difficult situation. He's just become a vampire, and he desires to know how and why this happened to him. To overcome the threats he will face along the way, he'll need to become stronger. However, the best way to become stronger is to kill and drink the blood of the named citizens of London, of which there are 64 in total (16 in each of the four districts). To complicate matters, you'll want to learn as much as you can about a citizen before choosing to kill them, as this increases the amount of experience you earn from the kill. Although this mechanic feels somewhat "gamey," it's easy to understand the intention of developer Dontnod, to make killing a more emotionally challenging choice. In addition, killing a citizen can destabilize their district, causing powerful enemies to spawn and making it more difficult to navigate.The aforementioned dilemma did indeed create tension for me during my playthrough, although some reviewers found that the game did not challenge them enough to entice them to kill. After a while, even when completing every investigation, I found my character 5-10 levels behind some of the more challenging enemies. While it's not impossible to kill enemies in this situation, they do seem to deal you a tremendous amount of damage. In addition, you'll begin to fight other vampires later in the game, and these have the ability to heal themselves, just like you. Therefore, you'll need to stack a lot of damage on at once to mitigate this ability. I ended up killing two citizens during my playthrough - I witnessed one commit murder with my own eyes, and the other I learned was a serial killer with uncontrollable "rage." While I can't say that it bothered me to kill these two citizens, cases this clear-cut are few and far between. A few times during my playthrough, I needed to run away and gain more strength prior to certain fights, and this was often when my citizen kills took place.I mentioned earlier that you could destabilize a district by killing its civilians. The way to mitigate this is to heal as many citizens in each district as you can. Dr. Reid can craft cures to nine various ailments and administer them as needed. Time only progresses in the game when you sleep, and this is also when you spend your earned XP to acquire character upgrades. You'll typically want to heal as many citizens as possible before sleeping to keep district health as high as possible. When you sleep, those cures take effect and then other citizens may come down with various ailments.The combat itself felt fine to me, for the most part, although I had some issues with staggering enemies. For the majority of my playthrough, I used a two-handed bludgeon. This weapon had the benefit of doing a lot of damage while also stunning enemies rather quickly. When enemies are stunned, you have an opportunity to bite them and regain "blood," which can be used to heal yourself and activate special abilities. For some of the enemies, especially the giant werewolves that you fight, the bludgeon staggers them a bit after each hit. As it is a slow and powerful weapon that uses a large amount of stamina, this makes sense. However, for other enemies, even the human enemies that you fight, the stagger is more hit and miss. This can create situations where you get stabbed or impaled immediately after hitting an enemy with a tremendous blow. After this happens a few times, you might then back away away each swing - but then if you actually did stagger the enemy, you're missing an opportunity for stacking on damage.I mostly focused on passive upgrades like stamina, total health, health regained on heal, blood capacity, blood regained with each bite, and damage dealt with each bite. However, I did use the first of the "ultimate" attacks and the "claws" ability. The game has a nice variety of enemies. There are a few different types of humans, with various combinations of pistols, shotguns, swords, crossbows, and arm blades. There are also vampires, skals (lesser vampires), werewolves, and vulkods (giant, muscle-bound, blue enemies in the vampire family).Luckily, killing citizens isn't the only way to get experience. You can also earn experience through completing investigations for citizens (which serve as the game's side quests). These are, by far, the highlight of the game, and where Dontnod's writing pedigree (of Life is Strange fame) shines through. Completing investigations often helps you learn about the connections between various citizens, and makes each citizen more three-dimensional and "real." Learning about the worries and desires of the citizenry makes London feel like an authentic and "lived-in" locale. Through these investigations, you'll learn about things like the botched surgery of a fellow doctor, an attempted suicide, or an affair with the spouse of a best friend. The investigations cover topics like medical progress vs. medical risk, grief and regret, and fatherhood/parenting. The game also touches on immigration issues and alludes to a "border wall" a la Donald Trump.A few quality of life improvements would be welcome in the game. First of all, I think that Jonathan should be able to fast travel between hideouts. Much of the late game is spent running across the map from district to district, dealing over and over with enemies that grant insignificant experience. In addition, I think it would be ideal if you could tag a citizen in the menu to have a waypoint appear and guide you to him/her. Sometimes you'll want to revisit a citizen that you saved in another location without a clear idea of where they might have gone, or you may want to bring a cure to one of the game's 64 citizens and not remember their location. Unfortunately, it seems that sometimes your waypoint will disappear from your in-game HUD as you traverse London. This was especially evident during Thelma Howcraft's "Wrong Target" investigation.I also had a few issues with the main story, which gets very deep into the weeds with vampire lore. At one point, an event in the story occurs which severely undermines the protagonist's guilt. I actually felt that this event made the game a bit less compelling. In addition, at the conclusion of a late-game fight, you are given the option to spare or turn an enemy, but not to kill them outright. This caused a bit of dissonance with me, as killing this enemy would've by far been the best option in my opinion.If you don't mind conversing with citizens (I mean, a LOT of conversation) and you think it'd be interesting to learn about the lives and connections between the citizens of London in the time of the Spanish Flu, give Vampyr a shot!
Tskales	Not Recommended	2.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/tskales/	Without question the buggiest, dullest and most annoying combat system in modern games. It absolutely ruins the game.Avoid.
flower.bean	Recommended	40.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/herdustisverypretty/	Ate a serial killer, then his mum adopted the local orphan. Then I ate a conman who was scamming an old lady with Alzheimer's, and she then mistook me for her murdered son.Jonathan Reid: cleaning up the streets of London by eating unsavoury folks and getting people adopted (including himself)In all seriousness though I'm loving the game, especially with the story difficulty update. The combat in story mode is way easier (almost a little too easy, even for me) which is great because I'm really enjoying the narrative as well as snooping into citizens' lives and secrets. The vampire lore and mythos is also super fascinating to learn about. Though I must admit, being referred to as Doctor Reid is very strange to me as a Criminal Minds fan...
Puppet | Twitch.tv	Recommended	19.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/puppetoffate/	This game is really enthralling and sucks you in like a vacuum. I'm having a ton of fun playing it and the combat has been extremely satisfying.
Deus	Not Recommended	14.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198043943787/	6/10 in 2018, because games are becoming less and lessIn short:Good game idea that should have been left in the oven for another year. Runs solid without using 256x256 textures(like ELEX does, that has bad performance even than)Would have liked more variety in enemies, allies, civilians.Greatly missed out on the chance to make a deep game. The longer version:(-)Sound is sometimes almost unhearable and distorted in conversations. (-)Locking on to enemies in combat makes the game even harder.You do not have to kill civilians to go on with the game, but you will suffer if you don't, big time.Enemies are usually way stronger than you are. If you want to progress you have to level up hard (first try on game i was level 5 and game threw me into a bunch of lvl 17, that besically 1-shot you). at end game level 22 and everything else is lvl 35. (-)Sneaking is basically not a possibility in this game, Running away is rarely successful.(+-)In fight you basically have to dodge better than a pro DarkSouls player or you die. (+-)While you drink from your enemies in combat you are not attacked or damaged by anything, which is half-good(you have a slight chance to survive), and half-bad(simply unreasonable).(?)There is a pot of grass in your room which is endlessly dying from dehidration.(++)Atmosphere is top-notch.(+)When you can hear the voices in the game, they are pretty good.(+-)Music is good but i find that i hear the same too much.(+)Graphics is good(++)Some characters are extremely well done in terms of design and personality(-)Some enviroment objects (pots, pipes) can be passed through(--)Really unbalanced. One bolt you miss to dodge and you are dead. Haven't farmed enough xp? Besically anything can kill you. Strongest maxed out weapon in the game? Does barely any damage. Ultimate skill? More like ultimate failure.(++--)Some choices are really good, and even enjoyable, while others are downright ridiculous(ly bad in terms of the settings of the game and by any kind of logic).(DISCLAIMER: no offense to anyone but) if British people in 1918 were this stupid, and souded this stupid, how are they even alive to this day???PS.: I'm more of a single player person myself for i mainly play for the story, but Vampyr missed a great chance on not implementing a multiplayer. In really had the stage set up for it.
Unabridged Gamer	Recommended	32.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Paradigmthefallen/	Product received for free
Skrrt	Not Recommended	6.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TheQuadropheniac/	Vampyr is one of those games that has a lot going for it, but just barely falls short. It's definitely not a bad game by any stretch. It's fun and interesting, and does have some really cool choices in the game. But Vampyr is competing with the likes of The WItcher 3 and Kingdom Come: Deliverance, and it just doesn't stack up. For example, the game allows a sort of "shadow shift" as you dodge or teleport, giving a great "superhuman" feel to your movement. But that doesn't translate to actual combat, which consists of smacking enemies with a big club and watching their health go down. Theres no brutal executions, no superhuman movement and tearing people apart. It doesn't feel like you're a superhuman Vampire that can rip people to shreds, it just feels like you're a normal guy who can do some kind of cool shadow magic every once in a while, but mostly just hit people with a big♥♥♥♥♥club.
Puppet | Twitch.tv	Recommended	19.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/puppetoffate/	This game is really enthralling and sucks you in like a vacuum. I'm having a ton of fun playing it and the combat has been extremely satisfying.
ƒu7uяe	Not Recommended	23.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197991997112/	the combat is R-E-T-A-R-D-E-DDDDDDUHthe person who made this combat is completely idiotic and should never be hired again in the video game industry for that job. it is game breaking.what is the point of locking onto ennemies if it auto changes, right as you throw your attack.how can you get one shot as you're casting the ult animation where you can't more, this is so stupid.how enjoyable do you think it is to be chain crowd controled by npcs ? what idiot makes a game like this. such a deal breaker.
Chtulhu	Recommended	9.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/satan5556661/	The game is good but I feel that the combat was an after thought due to that it will always be unballanced and youll never be a badass vampire, always under leveled to everything.  Im also only saying recommend because it wont let me be nutral.
Mrsalbertwesker	Recommended	15.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Mrsalbertweskers/	If you want to find out how hard it is for doctors in London during an outbreak- play as a VAMPIRE doctor, having to decide- To bite, or not to bite?
Wolven	Recommended	35.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198377603918/	Very atmospheric game with good graphics and an exciting story which is influenced heavily by the player. I personally liked the gameplay and combat, too, but don't expect it to be incredible innovative. It's solid and I had a lot of fun playing it. The time just flew buy and I'm definitely will be playing through it again because of the many choices you can make.
bradenfontaine	Recommended	28.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/BradenFontaine/	I do not want to put it down!
Deus	Not Recommended	14.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198043943787/	6/10 in 2018, because games are becoming less and lessIn short:Good game idea that should have been left in the oven for another year. Runs solid without using 256x256 textures(like ELEX does, that has bad performance even than)Would have liked more variety in enemies, allies, civilians.Greatly missed out on the chance to make a deep game. The longer version:(-)Sound is sometimes almost unhearable and distorted in conversations. (-)Locking on to enemies in combat makes the game even harder.You do not have to kill civilians to go on with the game, but you will suffer if you don't, big time.Enemies are usually way stronger than you are. If you want to progress you have to level up hard (first try on game i was level 5 and game threw me into a bunch of lvl 17, that besically 1-shot you). at end game level 22 and everything else is lvl 35. (-)Sneaking is basically not a possibility in this game, Running away is rarely successful.(+-)In fight you basically have to dodge better than a pro DarkSouls player or you die. (+-)While you drink from your enemies in combat you are not attacked or damaged by anything, which is half-good(you have a slight chance to survive), and half-bad(simply unreasonable).(?)There is a pot of grass in your room which is endlessly dying from dehidration.(++)Atmosphere is top-notch.(+)When you can hear the voices in the game, they are pretty good.(+-)Music is good but i find that i hear the same too much.(+)Graphics is good(++)Some characters are extremely well done in terms of design and personality(-)Some enviroment objects (pots, pipes) can be passed through(--)Really unbalanced. One bolt you miss to dodge and you are dead. Haven't farmed enough xp? Besically anything can kill you. Strongest maxed out weapon in the game? Does barely any damage. Ultimate skill? More like ultimate failure.(++--)Some choices are really good, and even enjoyable, while others are downright ridiculous(ly bad in terms of the settings of the game and by any kind of logic).(DISCLAIMER: no offense to anyone but) if British people in 1918 were this stupid, and souded this stupid, how are they even alive to this day???PS.: I'm more of a single player person myself for i mainly play for the story, but Vampyr missed a great chance on not implementing a multiplayer. In really had the stage set up for it.
Unabridged Gamer	Recommended	32.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Paradigmthefallen/	Product received for free
Skrrt	Not Recommended	6.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TheQuadropheniac/	Vampyr is one of those games that has a lot going for it, but just barely falls short. It's definitely not a bad game by any stretch. It's fun and interesting, and does have some really cool choices in the game. But Vampyr is competing with the likes of The WItcher 3 and Kingdom Come: Deliverance, and it just doesn't stack up. For example, the game allows a sort of "shadow shift" as you dodge or teleport, giving a great "superhuman" feel to your movement. But that doesn't translate to actual combat, which consists of smacking enemies with a big club and watching their health go down. Theres no brutal executions, no superhuman movement and tearing people apart. It doesn't feel like you're a superhuman Vampire that can rip people to shreds, it just feels like you're a normal guy who can do some kind of cool shadow magic every once in a while, but mostly just hit people with a big♥♥♥♥♥club.
Calus Valmont	Not Recommended	27.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198041230038/	I have long waited for a good vampire game, and this game does check some of those boxes. I will, however, not recommend it.The game has some beautiful visuals, and the vampire versus vampire combat is exhilarating and exciting. The lore is well written, and I enjoy the scientific aspects of the game. The boss fights are also interesting, as you may need to learn their skillset if you're not ravenously eating citizens.However, you spend more time in dialogue than you actually do playing. You're told there will be grand consequences to your actions, yet you are left without choice of what to do in most situations. The choices you do actually make appear to bear little consequence. This plays more like a visual novel than an actual roleplaying game, and this is why I can not recommend.
elle.ette	Recommended	27.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/elle-ette/	This review could be a long one, so I'm going to bullet point it.TLDR: Recommended when on sale, this is a great game and it's worth the money if you like story-driven hack and slash games and can look past marginally sub-par graphics.Yay Points: Brilliant story, very moving at points. The game does a great job of balancing the 'save a life or take a life' struggle that Jonathan faces throughout the game, and it can make for some morally and emotionally difficult player decisions. Combat is fairly simple to master, with a slight learning curve as you level up and unlock abilities. Skill trees and weapon/item upgrade potentials are fairly simple to understand and master. All of the characters have a story and a purpose, even those in the background. There's an incredible level of detail gone into the character and the world creation. Having to manage the health status of each district without prompting proves a fun addition to the typical 'go here, do this' quest pattern. Stunning aesthetic. It's everything in the 'Interview with the Vampire meets war-time poverty' setting you ever wanted. Your choices matter, even those that stem from casual dialogue, and can have a real impact on the game and the world around you. Adjustable difficulty, prompting the player to explore different skill-sets. Plenty of side quests, without them feeling distracting, overwhelming or irrelevant to the main story. Boss fights are thoughtfully crafted and require actual planning. Map exploration is rewarding, large enough that the player is constantly finding new alleyways and paths to take, but not so large that the lack of fast travel is an issue. If anything, it's much more fun to travel on foot between districts. There are tons of easter eggs! My favourite beingMajora's Mask. When you meet Enid Gillingham, ask her "Do you remember your son?" She says "When he was a boy, I told him the story of the four giants and the moon falling from the sky." Generally really easy to become a little bit addicted to. It's just FUN.Nay Points: The graphics are sub-par for a 2018 game. They're not bad, but they're not fantastic either. A lot more work could have been put into this and it would have made a remarkable difference. No field of view slider. No manual save - this didn't really bother me as there are ways you can get around it, but I know and understand it would bother others. The game isn't very long for the price. At £44.99 it isn't worth it, simply because I don't think there's a enough content to warrant it. On sale, however, I'd recommend it. I got the game for £30.00 and think that it's worth it for this price or lower. 
Bangladeshi Superman	Recommended	29.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197998282606/	Oh Vampyr, what to do with you?What the game does well, it does REALLY well. What it messes up, it messes up so bad I want to punch baby koalas.So, the good:- The voice acting and general quality of the writing is leagues above anything I've played in a while. Anthony Howell, who voices the protagonist does an amazing job, with his well-spoken, quintessential british gentleman persona being absolutely mesmerising (literally) in the quiet moments, but also pitch perfect in the dramatic scenes, when the drama hits fever pitch. This is accompanied by an intriguing, twist-filled story and some genuinely hard choices to make. I also like how a lot of these don't boil down to "good or bad", it's just either very ♥♥♥♥ed up, or really ♥♥♥♥ed up, with appropriate consequences. It's fair to say that several story segments had me rooted in my seat, utterly absorbed, which recent games have been struggling with. - Another name I want to highlight is Olivier Deriviere, who wrote the soundtrack. It's an amazingly atmospheric combination of  cello, subtle electronica and dissonant, malevolent choirs, providing the perfect backdrop to the game's very dark and melancholy ambience. It pretty much carries the game, and does a lot of the heavy lifting when it comes to the all-important immersion.So why the tentative opening statement? Well, because of the bad:- The devs need to add one small patch to the game to fix it, and it's the addition of one feature. FAST TRAVEL FAST TRAVEL FAST TRAVEL FAST TRAVEL FAST TRAVEL. Several reviews say the combat is bad. No, there is nothing wrong with the combat - it's fluid, responsive, with plenty of abilities and branching upgrades. The problem is that it is unavoidable as you slog from one end of the map to the other for the  30th time through mobs of respawning enemies to hand in some fetch quest, or exchange some additional dialogue after a recent plot development, or heal a particularly sick NPC. Even if you could just fast travel from one hide-out to another, it would remove sooo much unnecessary, repetitive padding from the gameplay without sacrificing too much immersion, leading to a much more focused and enjoyable experience.- Another feature I would add is the ability to tag on the map any NPC you've already met. This isn't an issue in the first zone where all the NPCs are in one area, but later on in new districts with a lot of similar looking alleys and often moving NPCs it can be a nightmare to find these bastards to follow up on unlocked hints or give medication to, especially when combined with the above mentioned lack of fast travel and respawning enemies. I spent 29 hours on my playthrough, and that's with missing a huge chunk of content and dialogue, because I simply lost my patience having to walk everywhere and find everyone multiple times, fighting the same mobs. I feel genuinely exasperated with this because I WANTED to know everyone's dark backstory, I WANTED to turn in every side quest, but the flawed design made it frustrating to do so.I still saw the game through to the end due to the atmosphere, story and wonderful writing, so I do recommend the game overall, but not without fair warning. Perhaps I would also recommend waiting for a small drop in price, as the 2-hour refund policy won't help you, as almost all of the issues only become apparent in the later stages of the game. It's still a very unique and ambitous game with lot's of style, and for that it deserves respect.
MrGrinch989	Not Recommended	22.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198075061111/	I am going to try my best to give an honest review of this game. Before I begin, I’d like to thank my best man for getting me this game as a birthday gift, however, I doubt he will be happy if he should ever read this. I am a huge fan of Vampires and especially Vampire video games. Wait a second… are there even that many Vampire games? Come to think of it, the only Vampire game I really like is Vampire the Masquerade Bloodlines. Well, no wonder everyone was excited about Vampyr then. Being a huge fan of the above mentioned game, I couldn’t wait to get my hands on this game. But then I played it…You play as a newly formed Vampire in the middle of a plague infested London. The Spanish flu has claimed many a life and the streets of London look horrible. This concerns you because, while alive, you were a Doctor and a really good one apparently. Now you have your vampiric habits and curing London to deal with. Luckily, you soon find work in a local hospital where the owner recognizes your condition and offers you a job in exchange for your help with the flu. While sustaining your vampiric needs, you must help solve the epidemic in London. Honestly, the story is interesting and will keep you engaged during your playthrough, as is the gameplay, at least at first glance.You play from a third person perspective. You walk around the open world London, get into fights, talk to people and, naturally, drink their blood. You do feel like a Vampire, albeit an awkward Vampire and I do have to praise the game for that. As you progress, you get new abilities, stronger attributes and get to fight stronger enemies. Another interesting thing you can do is gather materials and creature cures so you can cure people. Why would you want to cure people, well you are a doctor after all, right? Curing people will make them healthier and therefore make their blood taste better, won’t it? Talking to people will also help improve their blood quality. By finding out clues and secrets about people you actually improve their blood quality and therefore gain more experience when you decide to feed on them.Now all of this sounds good on paper, but it’s executed in, pretty much, the worst way possible.Let’s start with some minor complaints: the talking and feeding (embracing). Every time you talk to a friendly NPC you get the usual small talk which are mostly harmless. The troubles start when you start asking personal questions. To even ask personal questions, you need to find secrets, clues and hints about friendly NPC. These can be, gossip and notes that fly you find while exploring and trinkets. Whenever you find one of these that are related to an NPC, you can talk to them again and see a new blue text which represents this newfound clue about the NPC. Whenever you bring out a new clue about an NPC, you will sound angry, even if it’s a good thing you found out. Sometimes when you bring out these clues you will get a multiple choice answer that you only get to choose once in your playthough. If you pick the wrong answer, congratulations, you just lost all remaining possible clues you could have gathered for that friendly NPC, enjoy your NPCs half-baked blood. And no, you can’t just know what the answers are, unless you read a walkthrough, and sometimes it’s literally a guess. I mean, literally a guess because one time an NPC actually told me to take a guess why he has claustrophobia and when I guessed that it was a childhood trauma he laughed at me and told me that he grew up on a farm and I lost ALL remaining clues for him. So now let’s talk about embracing friendly NPCs. No, embracing, doesn’t mean giving them a romantic hug like in the Sims. Embrace means simply killing the NPCs. When you kill an NPC you gain a lot of experience points but that character is gone and the game warns you that there will be consequences. So, why doesn’t the Vampire just drink enough blood and leave the human NPC alive? I don’t know and the game doesn’t tell you! There is no problem with biting enemies during fights and skirmishes but when you talk to friendly NPCs, you have to kill them if you want to feed of them. So what about the combat! You need all that XP so you can get powers and become better at combat right! Hey, you know what, before reading what I have to say about combat, do a quick Google search for “Vampyr combat is” and see what the suggestions are. I’ll wait. Did you see it? Yup, the combat in this game sucks balls! I don’t know what’s worse, the fact that it’s so broken or the fact that they tried to make it look like Dark Souls. Firstly, if you get attacked by more than one enemy, good luck because if you move the mouse just a little bit, the camera will move to the next enemy. This happens all the time and usually in the worst possible moment. I want to hit an enemy but my camera jumps to the enemy that’s behind me that hasn’t even been aggroed because I moved my mouse. I guess that game was designed for the controller but that’s no excuse. The enemies can hit hard but they have very predictable patterns. You can easily tell when they are about to attack and move out of the way, but, even that won’t save you when they use their ultimate attack. No matter how accustomed to some of their attacks I got, when the game wants you to lose, you will just lose. I felt cheated so many times because the enemy was able to hit even though I was miles away. Ranged enemies will hit you even if you are behind a wall. Enemies with flamethrowers will damage you but won’t damage their comrades even though they are literally standing in front of the fire breathing menace. But it’s not all bad. For example, if you stagger an enemy, you can feed of them. You won’t be able to kill them like you did for the friendly NPCs, but you can just nibble them a little and get a bit of health and mana back. The other enemies will politely wait until you finish your fight. Speaking of enemy types, there are many in this game, but they all behave pretty much the same. You will see their attacks coming from miles away and you will easily be able to stagger them (unless the game just decides to screw you over). In fact, if you equip a two handed weapon, you can just do what I did: wait for an enemy to attack, stagger them in one hit (which only 2h weapons) can do, drain them a bit, hit them with a strong attack and repeat until they die. This even works on bosses. Some enemies have weaknesses to certain weapons. Some are strong against melee weapons for example. You wanna know how I fight those guys? The same way. It takes a bit longer, but it works. So instead of using different weapons and powers I just do: stagger, drain, hit, stagger, drain, hit and they all go down. As the game progresses the enemies don’t get smarter, they just hit harder. The game runs like crap. It stutters, it’s full of bugs and you always dread that it might crash at any second. As for the save system, it’s one of those games that has a single save slot for your auto-save. See, this game wants you to “live with your choices” so if you mess up you have to live with it. So what happens when you die a cheap death because the camera kept jumping from enemy to enemy? You start from the last automatic checkpoint, which is usually pretty far from when you died. It’s extremely annoying when you keep dying to a boss that has 5 normal enemies before it because you have to fight the normal enemies over and over again every time you die. Overall, Vampyr could have been a great game, but, it was rushed. If the combat had been improved, if they allowed multiple save slots and if they actually optimized the game a bit more, Vampyre could have become my new favorite game. But, alas, Vampyr has become a game I tell everyone to stay away from. Even if you are a huge fan of Vampire the Masquerade, like I am, and you are hungry for more vampire games, please, stay away. Vampyr looks nice, but is extremely hard to love.
misterkrogan	Not Recommended	1.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/lifeiskrogan/	Interesting... Interesting. I'll buy it again when it's on deal, I avoided the 2 hour mark so I could get my refund ATM I'm not liking it very much but i'll  play any game once... This isn't worth 40 dollars IMO if it had been LIS I would totally dish out the cash because I already know what to expect but I was expecting a little more, i'll update this after I finish the game. However atm I can't really recommend this game.
RickH	Recommended	33.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198047841627/	The locations, the music, and the protagonist's voice acting are all great; I'm enjoying the combat and its similarities to Bloodborne (though it is obviously far less complex and polished due to not being the primary focus). Most importantly, however, is that the game succeeds - as much as a game can - at making the player feel like an extremely dangerous predator with alien needs and interests, even if they make the most humanistic decisions.
iamresist	Recommended	40.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/itsresist/	Being a HUGE fan of everything and anything Vampire related I had to give this game a go, I'm glad i did, it really is a great game, sure there are a few bugs here and there, but the voice acting, story line and graphics make up for it. 7.5/10 from me.
Claves	Recommended	17.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Claves93/	It pretty good. Longish Story line, nice side quests, fighting isnt too bad, dialogues are great, visuals amazing.
Neozgred	Recommended	81.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/neozgred/	Few words, I love vampires and I enjoyed the game.
jhonthecat	Recommended	24.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198120559390/	fun gamegood story
ƒu7uяe	Not Recommended	23.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197991997112/	the combat is R-E-T-A-R-D-E-DDDDDDUHthe person who made this combat is completely idiotic and should never be hired again in the video game industry for that job. it is game breaking.what is the point of locking onto ennemies if it auto changes, right as you throw your attack.how can you get one shot as you're casting the ult animation where you can't more, this is so stupid.how enjoyable do you think it is to be chain crowd controled by npcs ? what idiot makes a game like this. such a deal breaker.
Pestilence	Not Recommended	43.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/laughter/	It's fun in its own right but certain aspects of the game pull you away from the rpg elements.- Lack of a saves-Lack of a proper tutorial.. It doesnt show enough-Music that fits well with the timeline of the game in some areas to an about face candy cutter deus ex music for other scenes.-game mechanics they dump you into w/o explanation (treatments) and lack of them by accidently missing a mission key for recipies-Certain dialouge choices not colored properly to reflect the outcome of the statement.-a passive playthrough is impossible.. sure you can spare major npcs but sneaking through areas w/o a fight isnt possible as you cant even open up certain door or gates w/o killing all enemies in the area even if you are not spotted.- crafting is a joke. Finding ingredients for anything is pretty annoying and pretty time consuming even for an rpg. review postedabout 25% into the game 
AcTiv	Recommended	19.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198021243952/	This is the greatest game I played in a long time! I hope there will be a Vampyr 2.
RickH	Recommended	33.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198047841627/	The locations, the music, and the protagonist's voice acting are all great; I'm enjoying the combat and its similarities to Bloodborne (though it is obviously far less complex and polished due to not being the primary focus). Most importantly, however, is that the game succeeds - as much as a game can - at making the player feel like an extremely dangerous predator with alien needs and interests, even if they make the most humanistic decisions.
iamresist	Recommended	40.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/itsresist/	Being a HUGE fan of everything and anything Vampire related I had to give this game a go, I'm glad i did, it really is a great game, sure there are a few bugs here and there, but the voice acting, story line and graphics make up for it. 7.5/10 from me.
Claves	Recommended	17.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Claves93/	It pretty good. Longish Story line, nice side quests, fighting isnt too bad, dialogues are great, visuals amazing.
Gatorbait	Not Recommended	2.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198047207013/	Boring
LilBuddyRem	Recommended	44.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198080104659/	The best part of this game is where story and gameplay meet, and its something that all developers should take a note of. By attaching XP to NPCs, this forces the player to consider the narrative while engaging combat. Unfortunately when the narrative outshines the combat so brightly, it makes sense most people would ignore it entirely. But thats not optional in this game, and its learning curves can halt all fun at times. Thankfully, its serviceable enough to get you through the game. The main story is fine, if not meandering with a mediocre ending, but it's the lives of London's citizens who make for the real narrative. Side quests are full of well realized characters who have many connections to other people, quests, and stories. It's that connected feeling that makes this dead London feel so alive, compared to most games.If you like Don't Nod's style of writing, you're going to love this game. For newcomers, it's a lesser-Bloodborne with better characters, only to be better than average at best.7/10  Its good.
! newcomer !	Recommended	0.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/newcomer021/	best
Kamaki	Recommended	48.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/WarOfEmperium/	Drink it in lads, lasses, and otherwise; for the thirst will take you.  Sip deeply as the drink shall quench you.Tread carefully for the light is blinding.  For those who seek blood, shall be finding...?Why, a game, that is surely worth buying.
dcnty.	Recommended	18.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/dECENty/	amazing setting, good Story, somtimes you just wanna skip a dialog cause u heard it like 3 times already.good job.edit: still fun in november 2018. <3
Gatorbait	Not Recommended	2.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198047207013/	Boring
Briosh	Recommended	30.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197984112542/	Solid solid game!I strongly recommend this to older gamers or those who like classic games more than pressing F to pay respects.It is a rare case nowadays that i feel so compelled to follow a story, Well written and mature, not the "cool vampire"♥♥♥♥♥♥but the classic, more ethical approach of the situation seen as more of a curse than a gift.The game has a little of everything. Simple Combat, RPG elements, all of which could be a little more polished. But it excels in dialog and atmosphere.I would describe it more as an action adventure with RPG elements rather than an open-world RPG. This is not Vampire the Masquerade and it is not advertised as such so please ignore any negative reviews that simply state "this is no vampire the masquerade".... I believe we are allowed to have a different vampire game. And this is it.
Barathain	Recommended	1.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Barathain395/	Solid title for the price. It's a AA game, with quality as expected. No major bugs, no game breaking issues from release. The game is something to get used to. It's a little on the simple side when you start, but after the first mission it gets very in depth.Story - CheckLevel Design - Check Graphics - Check Sound - Check Gameplay - Check
Sesser	Recommended	16.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Sesserdrix/	Okay, so now that I have played a lot more, I am revising.This game is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome. Early on, the  combat feels limited and weak, but that's because you're a fresh vampire. As you develop abilities, you get this quick and smooth flowing combat that feels really good to play.The fact that you can cultivate people before devouring them and making it all the sweeter really emphasizes the themes this game is going for.I have spent plenty of time running around and exploring the world, scavenging and finding secrets. It has been quite fun.Exploring character's stories and using that as a means to ripen them up for the harvest later on is also quite great.All around, this is handily one of the best games. VTM: Bloodlines used to be my standard that I thought nothing would pass in terms of being the pinnacle of great design for a vampire game... But this one has finally done it.
Pills	Recommended	24.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/DirtyJokerz1/	I love the story, the world feels immersive and there's tons of different ways you can approach the game. People are being whiny and negative (As always). If you feel this game is interesting to you, buy it and ignore negative reviews. Performance is very smooth, steady 60 fps on ultra with no drops.
Rare	Recommended	13.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/LyzenGG/	Don't know why the game is getting all the hate but personally I'm finding it fun. There could be some improvements in some aspects of the game but overall it's well polished and worth the money imo.
DEFILΞR	Recommended	28.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197982466118/	No it is not super polished, no it is not the revolution of the genre.BUT you can feel the heart and sould of the developers in every corner, the atmosphere is fantastic, characters are VERY well written (especially Jonathan) and aside from tiny hickups in the flow the game is just damn fun.
UziReloaded[Twitch]	Recommended	42.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/UziReloaded/	10/10 Big Thirst
Hyomoto	Not Recommended	27.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197978600652/	I'm leaving a negative review in the hopes one day the game is patched and I can leave a positive review.  The core of my complaints is simply that the game feels "balanced" around punishing the player, not enjoyment.  And it stands in such stark opposition to the other half of the game which is essentially intrigue and storytelling.  I mean, there is a lot of stuff in this game that will annoy different types of players: the lack of fast travel, the lack of save control, the 'scarcity' economy, but I do think it has a good heart and has a lot to offer.But the game also has a combat side.  And that's the achiles heel of this game: you are supposed to be the progeny of an ancient vampire and because of that quite powerful.  You also learn new skills and power yourself up as you play the game and yet you never become that super powerful vampire.  Which wouldn't be a deal breaker but the game always seems to favor the AI with cheap hits, high damage and high health.  You usually have to fight multiple enemies and it's not uncommon for a few hits to kill you.  So now you say, okay the game wants me to level up!  I need to get stronger!  Except you don't really seem to get much stronger.  There's only one way I know of to reduce damage taken, no ways to increase damage output, and the things you level up are always so laughably weak.Basically if they put out a patch where they favor the player a little bit more, especially given the cheap nature of the AI I could gladly recommend this game.  But right now combat can be a tedious, and outright FRUSTRATING slog and will make you not just want to quit, but break your controller.
sorensen85	Not Recommended	2.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198026527960/	I wanted this game to be great. The conversation sytem is probably the best part of this game. Deep, complex, and you are unable to just "quicksave and reload" if you make the wrong choice.Besides that though, this game is a mess. Combat is clunky as all hell. Targeting is a pain and special abilities are boring. Running through a dead town is just as boring as it sounds. he graphics look dated. There were 2 conversations I had where the character didn't even animate, just stood (or sat) there while their vo lines were played. I really hope they work out the bugs but that still won't make this game any less boring.
MagikMurlok	Not Recommended	35.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198026724347/	I'm sorry but even though it looks like I might like this game I cannot recommend it because of the devs deciding their way to play is the only right way to play by implementing only one autosave and no manual saving. You save gets corrupted? You're ♥♥♥♥ed. You want to play the way you want to? Too bad. You pressed the wrong button? RIP. This feature has ALWAYS sucked. People that WANT to stick with their choices or only 1 save for various reasons can only use one save. People who want more than one and/or manual saving want to play their way as well. It's a stupid feature that stops half the playerbase from playing the way they want, whereas not having that feature would let everyone play how they want.
GTB	Not Recommended	9.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/gawaintheblind/	I expected a stealth game and basically got an action brawler with light rpg elements. It's, you know, okay. It seems like everything levels with you, so like all games where everything levels with you, you never really feel like you're getting more powerful- just maintaining the balance. Which is fine, I guess. "fine, I guess" is pretty much how I sum this game up. The animations are clunky and everything seems to make you lunge forward with huge steps. Attacking? huge lunge forward. Moving? Huge lunges forward. Turning left or right? Huge lunges to the left or right as you turn. The dialog occasionally suffers from fallout 4-itis, where the tiny phrase you get to select ends up being something completely different and unintentional in the actual dialog. But the story is interesting. Not interesting enough for me to keep playing, but interesting.
NPC Beefy Boy	Not Recommended	3.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/N4IRockDude/	The game seems to fall into two sections. Talking to people or slapping them. In the witcher there's a flawless transition from talking to people and slapping them. but in Vampyr it's obvious when you're walking into a talking situation or a slapping situation. Vampyr has a choice based talking system where if you "feed" on people then it's bad and there will be consequences. BUT YOU WALK AROUND JUST SLAPPING PEOPLE TO DEATH FOR THE REST OF THE GAME. WHY CAN'T I CHOOSE NOT TO SLAP PEOPLE? I have a teleport power (that can only be used at specific locations which was really dissapointing to learn), why can't I just stealth around them? I thought the game was going to provide me with a greater choice for stealth, but 3 hours in the only stealth option was to either push my character into a wall and try not to agro anyone or try to get behind them to do a stun attack from behind. If you want to have long sections where you go from NPC to NPC going down a dialouge tree of questions and then having to do forced combat sections, this is the game for you. Overall, it's not a bad game. There are just better RPG games out there, like The Witcher 3. Anyways, I requested a refund and wouldn't recommend picking it up unless it's on sale.  
Little Monster	Not Recommended	46.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/KawaiiVsSenpai/	Vampyr was cautiously-anticipated by myself, but is it any good? It's tough to completely write the game off as a faliure but it just lacks any substance, the combat and mobility are clunky and quite stiff this is with using keyboard controls or a controller.  The visuals are stunning and the music, which lead me to play the game longer than 5 hours.Overall if you want to play Scooby Doo with some bloodsuckers, poorly written sub quests and useless combos please go ahead and play this game if its on SALERecommend Score: 4 / 10
ParanoidAndroid	Recommended	28.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198042069229/	Product received for free
Scelous	Not Recommended	2.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197969687669/	Vampyr: The Gossip Simulator.  Inbetween chatting with people to hear the latest gossip so you can unlock more gossip, you get into bland, shoddy fights.  The combat feels like it was designed by a small, five-person indie team, or as a college graduate project.I was hoping at least for a watered down version of Vampire: Bloodlines.  Instead, what I got was mind-numbingly boring dialogue and combat.  Play Vampire: Bloodlines, which is better, or play Life is Strange, which is better, or play tons of other games that are better.  No reason to waste your time and money on this one.
Geralt	Not Recommended	49.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197974934125/	The story is poorly written. It is not flexible and constantly breaks immersion: - The vampyr is able to live without sucking human blood, and the game promotes that as "good" behavior. Actually, the less vampyric the protagonist is, the more the game appreciates it. Compared to "Vampire Masquerade the Bloodlines" this game handles the subject really bad. VMtB also frowns on killing humans, but there vampires simply played the masquerade - they exploit humans and pursue their own goals not trying to be humans themselves. - The game touches themes of gay sexuality, racism, equality of men's and women's rights, but also does it very clumsy. For example, "Bioshock Infinite" (which is set in about the same time period) does it way better.- There is no option not to get involved in the love story.
Y Mad	Not Recommended	6.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198200113753/	5,5/10Why the negative review? Well, the game surely isnt a total clownfiesta like destiny2 or agony. It has potential and i realy like this genre. Still they didnt deliver on some basic expectations. I'll elaborate:Pro:- Grafics and stable fps on high settings (gtx 970 and xeon 1231v3)- Clean Interface (realy good job!)- No bugs so far- Story- Beeing a Vampire Detective (bit silly i must admit but still i like it)- NO MICROTRANSACTIONS so farCon:- Combat system (it feels so stiff. something you would expect from 2000)- No jumping- Would wish for more skills and traits- The game so far feels more like im playing Detective Conan instead of a Vampire Game like advertised- THE CURRENT PRICE OF 49,99€!I bought it for 29,99 and it still doesnt deliver based on that price. Like cmonBruh, the combat system is soooo baaad. It feels like my shoes are glued to the street and to fight a group of enemys with the need to aim with shift one by one is ridiculous for 2018. For a title like this, i would have expected a similar combat system like in Dishonored 2. They rised the price on steam from 30€ i believe, to 44,90 and now for the full price of 49,99 (AAA title price). It surely is NOT an AAA title in the current state, but it isnt bad aswell. It doesnt dissapoint if you werent hyped, but surely it is average. I would suggest buy it for 25€ or lower, if you like to play a Detective, Vampire title made by good willed creators.
ｐｓｙｃｈｅ	Not Recommended	17.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/exsohs/	Boring repeatitive combat, storyline written by an 8 year old would have been better than this and bad facial expression. I dont sign up for playing Sherlock Holmes when i want to play a game called Vampyr? Why do I even bother interrogating everyone I met? Just let me kill of 'em, then take everything they ever loved.
darkestkip87	Not Recommended	4.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198099852937/	Game is terribly buggy. WIll freeze during exchanging dialogue with other characters. Combat is so lack luster and boring. Feels like a game that was rushed out of the gate too soon. Not recommended.
Rostburken	Not Recommended	0.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197999602910/	This could have been a cool game in 2005.
Xacktar	Not Recommended	11.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Xacktar/	A really interesting vampire story tainted by terrible, terrible combat.
cheezy1231	Not Recommended	3.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198064732646/	To put it simply, this game just feels like an MMO without the open world aspect. The story is ok and is interesting, but the combat is so bad. When you attack you are constantly up against multiple enemies who are double your level and when you attack one of them, the others come up from behind and take half your health in half a second. Overall combat is very bland and feels too much like an MMO without being able to freely explore.
MilesMario	Not Recommended	24.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198121717782/	one of the shietiest games i have played of recent memory no where in the game does it let you re bind what keys you have. the enemys are some of the easiest game enemys i have seen just stun hit em a few times and you will almost never get hit hit to much, this even works on the end boss.....story is utter trash and plot point desicions are extremely unclear on what they mean in the grand scheme of the ending
Supreme leader Aladeen	Not Recommended	2.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198011320124/	Not really as advertised, thank god I redunded it when I could. The combat gets very repetitive quickly, the choice between murder a citizen or let them live is locked behind your mesmerize level, meaning that in order to feed on a citizen you have to have an equal or higher mesmerize level which in turn you cannot influence apart from progressing the main storyline.It's certainly not worth the 50 euros/dollars they ask of you, if you really have to buy the game which will almost surely dissapoint you in one way or another, wait for it to drop to at least 50% discount.
BeyondTheFog	Not Recommended	2.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198119423397/	game starts off painfully slow, most of the gameplay is unlocking the personal lifes of the memebers of your hospital so when you kill them you get more EXP. The fighting is very lackluster with no combos or anything. The bossfights are a joke so if you like talking simulators with occasional 3 left clicks of your mouse then this one is for you.
treycox33	Not Recommended	0.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198021226205/	Not what I was expecting. Very slow moving story with bad combat. If you are used to a fast paced RPG, then this game is not for you. Aslo, its hella dark; I couldn't see a thing. I refunded..
Magaman69	Not Recommended	15.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198039387926/	combat is terrible, not the worst game ive ever played but not worth the hype.
Vladimir Lenin	Not Recommended	8.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198038181379/	Its not a bad game, but its not worth 50 dollars.
Solo	Recommended	28.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197989276285/	Awesome. This is what it feels like to be a Vampire, the mechanics are awesome.
Solo	Recommended	28.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197989276285/	Awesome. This is what it feels like to be a Vampire, the mechanics are awesome.
i smoke cheese pratas	Not Recommended	25.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/heshbruwn/	So many bugs and crashes, I've lost count of the number of times I had to restart. Mechanics are clunky, animation is absolutely abysmal, voice acting sounds off most of the time, and the... "romance" is the most cringe-worthy thing I've ever seen.The only reason why I'm still playing is out of pure stubborness.EDIT: The ending is abrupt and gives you the feeling of "Wait... that's it?!".
...Loading	Not Recommended	54.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198021658010/	Was having a good time till i started getting my♥♥♥♥♥one shotted by nearly everything, decided to level up and some of the NPC's hints i discovered dissapeared automatically, but the best part is when I cant reload my game to 1 minute before to a previous point to undo whatever has been done and learn except to start the game fresh again...after nearly 17 hours of gameplay...yeah na, now just gonna steam roll whats left and un-install.
Tommi	Not Recommended	21.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/nettiguru/	This game has a great atmosphere, characters and storytelling. Combat portions are also ok, but it has compulsory boss-fights that are really frustrating if you are trying to play the game without killing anyone. After dying for the umphteenth time on the graveyard bossfight, I gave up and didn't finish the game. In summary, a great game hobbled by stupid design decisions.
the_majest1c_d	Not Recommended	21.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/the_majest1c_d/	cant even play this game all i get is a green hued game no other color than green. steam says it contstantly running even when it is closed out completely idk what to do up to you to test your luck.
ERRRRRN	Not Recommended	3.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198054788413/	Was really looking forward to this game.Animations are bad. Combat is infuriating. I have a decent computer and don't play on the highest settings, but I randomly get like 2-5 FPS in the hospital.DisappointedAlso if the skals surround you, they'll take turns stunning you until you die.
Tiearian	Not Recommended	0.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198022294475/	Audio was honestly giving me a headache. Its as if they took that one really irritating song from witcher 3, and somehow made a full soundtrack from it. I can see how some people could like it, and feel it gives some sort of atmosphere. For me however, it just got me wondering why I was attempting to listen to people speak past the music.. Sorry. Thumbs down for me due to this, As Audio is a major necessity.
Frekim	Not Recommended	23.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197997518763/	This game would have been good if not for the terrible system of decisions and consequences. The cause and effect is disconnected and you won't get a predictable outcome in important decisions. You click what you think is best and something else will unfold in total defienace of logic or probability. For example you would think that removing a serial killer from the streets will help the district. Wrong, it just moves it more towards chaos. The district is better when the killer is lurking in streets and killing citizens. You will not feel guilty when you took "bad" decision because the game has it's own direction. Instead you get a feeling of frustration because you need to replay whole game to get a result you wanted to have. That's right... there is only one autosave per story and the strange twists of the plot cannot be undone. I supposed it's possible to reaserch everything in advance and map the chaos of decisions and hints before you take them in game. But then what's the point?
solidshake137	Not Recommended	5.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198047433576/	The story is very good, but the combat is just awful.
kalasanty	Not Recommended	10.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/zorzynek/	The idea was bulletproof: imagine a game that combines Bloodborne's combat and Witcher3-like storytelling. Regrettably final product is poor man's Witcher meeting poor man's Bloorborne. It's buggy, boring and not worth the effort.
BOOMxCHIKN	Recommended	7.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197969859546/	The game is an odd duck. It reminds me so much of Vampire The Masqurade: Bloodlines but at the same time I get Mass Effect, The Arkham Knight and even Dishonored vibes from it, and while I'm only about 3-4 hours into the game at this point I can recomend this game.
iamdonk34	Not Recommended	10.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198244783000/	This game sucks. The controls are a mess. The trailor made me think it was going to be like assassins creed with vampires but it turns out to be dishonored with even more clumsy and locked in controls. The enemies are pretty much invincible and you just keep respawning until you get enough lucky shots in to beat one and move on to the next. You never really feel like you're winning.
janel8621	Not Recommended	44.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198030817447/	If you are looking for a "Vampire - Masquerade" type gmae... this is NOT it.   The UI is clunky and hard to use on PC, it is obviously a port from console and it does not port well.   Even when loading a save the xbox controller configuration diagramme appears on the screen to remind you it is a console port.   The game looks pretty enough but the game takes a very long time to load the screens and you will find yourself running back through the same streets, the same buildings the same rooms so many times that you just dont give a ♥♥♥♥ anymore.   There is no fast travel so you will be running / walking through all the same streets over and over again.   The boss fights and the last boss fight especially are very lame.   The game is not very long at all, even with a restart and finalising every side quest and killing every citizen I could it was all over way to soon... like a ported console game... this is obviously not a PC game at all.   Dont buy it unless its free or until the game hits bargain basement prices... shouldnt be long as its a crappy game.
Cyotey	Not Recommended	22.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/cyotey/	 Story The story in Vampyr is really basic but does have a bit of mystery to it. You wake up as a vampire, confused and chased by vampire hunters and trying to find out who or what made you this way. Your goal is to find a cure to vampirism. It's as basic as a vampire story can be. Gameplay The biggest positive for the gameplay in Vampyr is whether or not you want to feed on others for experience and make the game easier, or leave everyone alive and make the game much more challenging. However, that's really the only positive. The combat isn't bad, but it isn't good either. It's slow, clunky and sometimes completely unresponsive. When I got to the last two main missions my dodge became completely unresponsive and I was being hit by attacks nowhere near where I was. There isn't a big variety of people to fight and their attacks will sometimes autolock and hit you despite your dodging. So because mine became completely unresponsive...I couldn't fully finish the game. It's bad enough attacks hit you when they shouldn't and home in on you. It's impossible without the dodge working. So the combat can be very frustrating. Getting around the map is also incredibly tedious and frustrating. It's big enough for a fast travel and pretty much needs it with the terrible design. You can really only get to areas one way and it forces you to search around in order to get there.People interaction feels similar to the layout style of Mass Effect. You get some responses in a wheel to choose from but almost none of the characters are memorable in any way. Even the ones you see more are still distant friends at best. Graphics and Sound Graphics are very well done and detailed. It fits the Victorian Era dread. Sound is also decent, but the voice acting was very lazy and the devs clearly gave up making different textures for people. I felt like I was talking to clones whenever I met new ones. Overall While the graphics are good and being a vampire is always a cool feeling, I would definitely give this one a pass. There are way too many frustrating flaws that outweigh the good in this one. It's way more tedious than fun and the design just feels way too lazy. 
King BIGfoot	Recommended	17.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198019275070/	After an hour and a half of playing this game I've come to the understanding that this game is just for the story.  It seems they put the combat and controls on the back burner because everything feels clunky and awkward.  Albeit it's still early in the game I may update my thoughts later.  The story is intriguing so far but is marred by a few characters with questionable voice acting.
Officer-Doofie	Not Recommended	24.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Officer-Doofie/	I really liked the game the first few hours, but the endgame is nothing but boring, frustrating and annoying. For example you have to cross the whole city to enter a building (5 min of loading) to pick up one potion an exit the building (5 min of loading) then you have to cross the whole city angain (oh look, every enemy is back again) to enter another building with theese horrible loading times... if you die... guess what... 5 min loading... i think at least 2 of my ingame hours was watching the loading screene with this annoying music... i can not count the times i just pressed alt + f4 to exit the game because i was so angry about another loading screen...
HeavyEcho	Recommended	43.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/HeavyEcho/	Review after 3 hours of play.The combat is kinds jankey but it doesn't feel like it takes away from the game since the main theme of the game seems to be talking to your food makes them more tastey.Get to know your cattle feed them kind words and find out their problems, give them medcine to keep them healthy since who want to eat a meal that has a cold. Also you got turned into a Vampire (the kind whos ♥♥♥♥♥♥s burn in the sunlight rather then sparkle) and this seem to be some aweful thing.
mythmaker	Not Recommended	3.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197970533201/	WAAAAY the hell too buggy and unpolished to play yet. I'll put this one up on the shelf and come back to it in a year when it's been patched and modded into a playable game. Thought I was getting a thoughtful RPG but basically it's just a shallow street fighter game. YUK.
iNSANELYSMART	Not Recommended	1.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/albin1337/	I really wanted to have an actual vampire game for along time. But this game... in my opinion it's just terrible. There are alot of interesting things like the bloodquality, you have to find secrets and hints about someone or even heal him (oh the irony) and it will give them a better bloodqualty which means you will get much more xp out of it. I think that's a really unique feature that I have never seen in a video game before.The gamplay is really meh, it is on the borderline of bad and okey tbh. And the camera plus the whole fighting and movement system just feels so clunky, it seems like it always tries to look onto something for no particular reason. And the best thing is I am getting framedrops when I turn my camera too fast, like wtf?Also the world seems to be very limited, in this one hour that I played I stumbled upon alot of invisible barriers (it feels pretty linear in my opinion) and the cutscenes are just awful. They aren't really cutscenes more like a bunch of pictures with some people talking over it and sometimes they are "actual" cutscenes. Which is a shame because like I said I really want a good vampire game, but the way this game is built makes even skyrim a better vampire game and keep in mind the vampire aspects of skyrim were a dlc or let's say the more important ones.In the current state of the game I would not recommend it to anyone, not even the people I hate.If this game would be good they would basically have to rework everything.
Titanking	Not Recommended	24.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198080856759/	The combat is lacking and could be improved upon greatly especially when one of the main components of this game is the combat. Extremely interesting moral choices and decisions and that can impact how the game is played. Story is decent but not the best. If you are you going to buy it wait for it to go on sale.
Titanking	Not Recommended	24.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198080856759/	The combat is lacking and could be improved upon greatly especially when one of the main components of this game is the combat. Extremely interesting moral choices and decisions and that can impact how the game is played. Story is decent but not the best. If you are you going to buy it wait for it to go on sale.
Sanscenti	Recommended	44.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198011225888/	10/10. One of the best games I've played in a long time. REALLY good characters and writing. This is the only  game I know that makes me walk around instead of running, just to catch the amazing atmosphere and level design.
janel8621	Not Recommended	44.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198030817447/	If you are looking for a "Vampire - Masquerade" type gmae... this is NOT it.   The UI is clunky and hard to use on PC, it is obviously a port from console and it does not port well.   Even when loading a save the xbox controller configuration diagramme appears on the screen to remind you it is a console port.   The game looks pretty enough but the game takes a very long time to load the screens and you will find yourself running back through the same streets, the same buildings the same rooms so many times that you just dont give a ♥♥♥♥ anymore.   There is no fast travel so you will be running / walking through all the same streets over and over again.   The boss fights and the last boss fight especially are very lame.   The game is not very long at all, even with a restart and finalising every side quest and killing every citizen I could it was all over way to soon... like a ported console game... this is obviously not a PC game at all.   Dont buy it unless its free or until the game hits bargain basement prices... shouldnt be long as its a crappy game.
Cyotey	Not Recommended	22.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/cyotey/	 Story The story in Vampyr is really basic but does have a bit of mystery to it. You wake up as a vampire, confused and chased by vampire hunters and trying to find out who or what made you this way. Your goal is to find a cure to vampirism. It's as basic as a vampire story can be. Gameplay The biggest positive for the gameplay in Vampyr is whether or not you want to feed on others for experience and make the game easier, or leave everyone alive and make the game much more challenging. However, that's really the only positive. The combat isn't bad, but it isn't good either. It's slow, clunky and sometimes completely unresponsive. When I got to the last two main missions my dodge became completely unresponsive and I was being hit by attacks nowhere near where I was. There isn't a big variety of people to fight and their attacks will sometimes autolock and hit you despite your dodging. So because mine became completely unresponsive...I couldn't fully finish the game. It's bad enough attacks hit you when they shouldn't and home in on you. It's impossible without the dodge working. So the combat can be very frustrating. Getting around the map is also incredibly tedious and frustrating. It's big enough for a fast travel and pretty much needs it with the terrible design. You can really only get to areas one way and it forces you to search around in order to get there.People interaction feels similar to the layout style of Mass Effect. You get some responses in a wheel to choose from but almost none of the characters are memorable in any way. Even the ones you see more are still distant friends at best. Graphics and Sound Graphics are very well done and detailed. It fits the Victorian Era dread. Sound is also decent, but the voice acting was very lazy and the devs clearly gave up making different textures for people. I felt like I was talking to clones whenever I met new ones. Overall While the graphics are good and being a vampire is always a cool feeling, I would definitely give this one a pass. There are way too many frustrating flaws that outweigh the good in this one. It's way more tedious than fun and the design just feels way too lazy. 
HeavyEcho	Recommended	43.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/HeavyEcho/	Review after 3 hours of play.The combat is kinds jankey but it doesn't feel like it takes away from the game since the main theme of the game seems to be talking to your food makes them more tastey.Get to know your cattle feed them kind words and find out their problems, give them medcine to keep them healthy since who want to eat a meal that has a cold. Also you got turned into a Vampire (the kind whos ♥♥♥♥♥♥s burn in the sunlight rather then sparkle) and this seem to be some aweful thing.
Pape	Not Recommended	2.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198176960390/	Omg the combat. I just can't
Dom1n4toR	Not Recommended	0.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Dom1n4toR/	Not a fan unfortunately, refunding now.Combat is clunky and sloppy, your normal melee attack teleports your character forward a foot or two towards whatever you are targetting, for no reason, just makes it feel awkward.It's not like there is any animation showing you lunge towards your enemy or anything, which would make sense, as you do play as a vampire with super agility and strength etc. but you literally just clip through the world towards whatever you're aiming at for the briefest of moments, and it's not pleasant.This can even happen when aiming and boxes or crates, like literally, why?Plus despite having a pretty monster PC that can run the likes of Total War: Warhammer 2 on Ultrawide with Max. settings no problem, it crashed after 15 minutes of gameplay?!
Sabo55	Not Recommended	36.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198283937438/	Build your vampire Yay, oh but then get to the end of a mediocre story after mediocre action to find that you can no longer play with your character at all so sorry start again Mr player, this game is a disgrace of game developement.
米奇比你們都好	Recommended	2.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/fraternal/	pretty cool game, pre-ordered it on fanatical, but never got my DLC though
TPOS	Recommended	51.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/luckystrikebro/	we need more vampire games
Heroic Sociopath	Not Recommended	11.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198073660168/	Got to the end of the game in 11 hours.Expected far more from the NPC system, dont even notice Ive fed on someone.A lot of talk (boring gossip)  for the NPCs, main story line has sudden spikes in characters affection out of nowhere.Navagation is sometimes quite the chore.Last boss has a sudden difficulty spike of almost 20 levels out of nowhere.If you are stuck on a fight, use items and die, those items are gone for your next try.This game is asking for too much money for so little.
akon76	Recommended	23.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198163303627/	Great game just buy it! 8.5/10
Turtwig	Recommended	1.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198056641609/	its an above average game. but thats it, other than the supernatural charms it doesnt stand out for it to be a good game. but am above average game.if u like the mythological creatures in this game then u might like this game.
Skeletorhbfs	Recommended	24.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/skeletorhbfs/	So far I am absolutely loving Vampyr.  Not sure where all the hate is coming from but to this game mostly shines. The music, lore, and atmosphere are beautiful, the only thing I hope to see updated is the frame rate. While not horrible, sometimes I'd dip into the high 40's and 50's. I was mostly at a stable 60FPS though. Do buy if you like Vampires!!
assassincreedgary	Recommended	13.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198175160669/	Fun game
sartorious23	Recommended	18.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198024620160/	Definitely recommended - on a very personal note, this is a surprise from DONTNOD Entertainment.  I am surprised that there are people who negatively judge the game. Basically, Vampyr is a very story-driven game, which makes it its strongest point at the same time. The player has clear goals and does not roam the map endlessly. Exploration is ideal and the secrets are well-hidden. However, these secrets provide a better insight to the game's world and might even lead to hints, which will further enhance the player's understanding of the world and its citizens. So far, the game has secured another playthrough. I don't ewant to get into details, but the game unfolds the way the player chooses to. The battle mechanics are easy to pick up, the skills development is taking place according to the way the player chooses to progress and the overall atmosphere of the setting is brilliant. Players who love RPGs should not skip this.
killerxxsniper	Recommended	23.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198242004690/	I LOVE THIS GAME! If your a guy that likes to have dialogue, biology, mystery, action, etc in a game like this, you'll love it! Greatest game I've played, and worth my money! Might play again for different ending ( o.o)
Kappetan	Recommended	28.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198038743484/	Overall score.. 7/10Combat was fun. Dcent variety of enemies but my overall plan always felt the same regardless...The "game gets harder the more people you kill is both awesome... and... annoying. Whats the point of killing people I dont have to to get stronger if the game is just going to balance out my new strength?beautiful graphicssuprisingly interesting story... for the most part anyways.Touted as open world... but your still confined quite a bit more than would be idealstill... a lot of fun.I would say, at full price... its not too bad to buy but... anything 20% off and over... do it... totally worth it
vintorez	Not Recommended	6.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/blu0x/	game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ that's it!
Cainhurst	Recommended	35.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/hardstyle_edm/	These are the people who made "Life is Strange" one of my favorite episodic adventures to date, so of course I was interested to see what kind of RPG they were capable of coming up with.I've 100% completed Bloodborne, The Surge, Nioh, and all of the Dark Souls games. At first, I thought this game was going to be in the vein of those games, but it’s much more forgiving than those in terms of combat. One thing that is similar is that when you're fighting more than one enemy you can expect to feel the same 'awkwardness' that those situations apply in SoulsBorne series. After having beaten the game as a pacifist (saving and not feeding on anyone) I can say that I thoroughly enjoyed my time spent with this game. I hope this game earns enough money for this to be a franchise. I’m currently playing through the game on my ‘kill everything in sight’ playthrough. If you like a great supernatural and dark story then this is the game for you, if you’re looking for a SoulsBorne experience you’ll be very disappointed. Pros:Great StoryGreat Setting/WorldGreat CharactersGreat Voice ActingGreat SoundtrackCons: Not very challenging No difficulty settingHave to edit the .ini to unlock 60 fps frame capMinor Bugs
50Souls	Not Recommended	20.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198067135130/	The game its un fair most of the time if you dont kill people but the final fight is just ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t i do not recommend the game in its curent state its 2018 and you can't save your game.Also loading times are outrageous since is not properly optimized.
Nix Treff	Not Recommended	31.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197984941056/	Pros:- Brilliant voice-over (english)- Fantastic athmosphere of old London- A fine story, deep and twichted sometimes(nevertheless I have to admid, you have to like that kind of mystical setting)- A really big lot of conversation, if you like you learn a lot of details of all inhabitansCons:- if You not a pro in Dark Souils or RPG it would a harttime in several Bossfights and the damn loading screen- Items you used in a fight will be lost, forever gone after death. Yep like an mmorpg- Combat mechanics were fine for a human being but for vampire it is slow and wooden...- Balancing needs a big update as there are some mechanisms, that really feel like being cheated by the game:a) Each time you sleep or progress in the story your ennemies get harder by extending the amount of levels they are stronger then you (in the end my opponents especially the bosses were about 5-10 levels above me)b) NPCs seem to have no staminac) Attack patterns of enemies allow hits through obstacles, which is major annoyingd) My protagonist got stuck in the surroundings sometimes- The romance part of the game could be a lot more intensive, I missed the possibility to chose whom I am interested in- Effects of choices feel a bit like plaing lotto, as those are sometimes hard to understandOverall I really recommend to play Vampyr if you like- focus on storytelling- A lot of dialog- cinematic athmosphere- Loading Screens
Gold	Not Recommended	24.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/gold9328/	This game is an absolute trash. What makes the game trash is the action rpg part they added. I wonder if the developers were high when they thought about adding this action rpg element. It is unfun, uncomfortable and unnecessarily challanging. I kind of could feel that the developers tried to copy the last of us rpg element but what they made is ♥♥♥♥♥♥. The more you progress the story, the more fights will you encounter. The thing here is unless you eliminate all the enemies, you cannot unlock doors which lead to being unable to progress to next scene. Until this, I'll take it. What makes the fight so disburbing is the AIs are so strong compared to me. I'm at like lv. 22 and the weakest kinds of enemies are like at 28. Even the weakest monster is hard to get rid of. If you wanna complete a quest, you gotta beat the boss monster. The only strategy that works is to keep running away and use your ultimate skill every 90 seconds. you gotta use your ultimate skill for like 10 times to kill it. It is the only attack i can perform effectively. The monster hits me like truck and when i attack him I'm like tickling him. Considering every quest is like this, I will uninstall this game from now on. I just think that it would have been much better if they did not try to copy the last of us and not add these kinds of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ rpg type of elements. If the conversation based game is what this company makes then I'll take it. But these ♥♥♥♥♥♥ rpg is obviously a failure. If the price was like 20 bucks, i would have played for several hours then quit. But this price is too much.*I started liking this game since like 70% progress. I killed almost all of the citizens in every district and then the rpg thing was playable. Still sucks tho. One thing I found to like in this game was the romance between Ashbury and Jonathan, which I even started to like at the latter half of the game. When Old Bridget asked Jonathan if he has word to deliver to Ashbury, I was like 'tell her I love her' and right after that, the exact same dialogue 'tell her I love her' was on the option. I really like it. The game would have been much better without any rpg element and all roaming the map and progressing by having conversations with the NPCs.
Dank meme machine	Not Recommended	34.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/greveMorten/	A non-AAA game with the price tag of a AAA game.Personally i would call it an indie game or AA game, however by definition it's not an indie game.The game is overpriced and lacks quality, however it's not all bad.pros:Story - Interesting story with multiple player choicesVoice acting - The voice acting is great.cons:Graphics - Graphics are of low quality and not up to date. The game has many low resolution/jagged texturesCombat - The combat is boring and repetitive, One of the games main focuses is combat so a bad combat system is a big drawback!Performance - Poor performance overall, It's not like the world is filled with npc and other object, or that the game has intensive graphics. 
akon76	Recommended	23.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198163303627/	Great game just buy it! 8.5/10
Turtwig	Recommended	1.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198056641609/	its an above average game. but thats it, other than the supernatural charms it doesnt stand out for it to be a good game. but am above average game.if u like the mythological creatures in this game then u might like this game.
Cainhurst	Recommended	35.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/hardstyle_edm/	These are the people who made "Life is Strange" one of my favorite episodic adventures to date, so of course I was interested to see what kind of RPG they were capable of coming up with.I've 100% completed Bloodborne, The Surge, Nioh, and all of the Dark Souls games. At first, I thought this game was going to be in the vein of those games, but it’s much more forgiving than those in terms of combat. One thing that is similar is that when you're fighting more than one enemy you can expect to feel the same 'awkwardness' that those situations apply in SoulsBorne series. After having beaten the game as a pacifist (saving and not feeding on anyone) I can say that I thoroughly enjoyed my time spent with this game. I hope this game earns enough money for this to be a franchise. I’m currently playing through the game on my ‘kill everything in sight’ playthrough. If you like a great supernatural and dark story then this is the game for you, if you’re looking for a SoulsBorne experience you’ll be very disappointed. Pros:Great StoryGreat Setting/WorldGreat CharactersGreat Voice ActingGreat SoundtrackCons: Not very challenging No difficulty settingHave to edit the .ini to unlock 60 fps frame capMinor Bugs
killerxxsniper	Recommended	23.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198242004690/	I LOVE THIS GAME! If your a guy that likes to have dialogue, biology, mystery, action, etc in a game like this, you'll love it! Greatest game I've played, and worth my money! Might play again for different ending ( o.o)
Zlaatana	Not Recommended	30.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198015104629/	6/10 no fast travel.
DarthRalston	Recommended	25.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197970422244/	i have been waiting for a game like this for ever i give this game a soild 9/10 dont listen to people  saying this game is bad i love evreything about  this game :) <3
