Chro	Recommended	191.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198073310604/	- Game is in Early Access but it feels like a complete game- Zero Game Breaking Bugs- Simple and fun game mechanics- Every mission is different due to random generation of maps and objectives- Lots of cosmetics to customize your dwarfs- 4 different classes to choose from, each class complements the other and there is no such thing as "Class X is overpowered and solo the game"- The scenario is completely destructible, so use your creativity to overcome obstacles.- Lots of enemy types- Every update there is loads of new stuff- Devs hear and interact with the community- Great end-game content by unlocking perks and more cosmetics and there will be more to come in future updates- "Solo game" is supported, so no need to play with dumb bots or have to play with other people when you dont want to, in Solo Mode you are helped by a friendly robot called Bosco which is extremely useful and can be given commands, such as mine minerals, focus fire on an specific enemy, light dark areas and even revive you!10/10 - Best purchase of the yearROCK AND STONE BROTHERS!
Kroc	Recommended	298.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198052845057/	 Nice Coop 4 player game -> Minecraft meet Vermintide/L4D  (Fear the Boomer bugs)- I like the graphics + Characters design - Music is Top Notch and voice acting rock- Price is really decent for the content imo - Some crash every now and then, but better than lots of non  early access game made by big game company. Netcode is good.- Download (less than 4GB) - set up ur control and settings (will take only few min) - play the tutorial > I always appeciate to play a game where you don't have to spend half an hours to set up the game.- Great with friends : like Vermintide and L4D, playing with random ninja noob can be painfull -> higher lvl player know what to do and the experienced players are usually nice and friendly (add steam friend when you can and read a steam guide will make your experience more fun :)"Leave no dwarf behind" -> Except may be Mr Ninja lonewolf predator reaper (Bugs need food as well :)Rock and Stone, brothersTips : - using the laser pointer let you see your team mate location- The enginner can repack is turret when pressing Reload while turret are selected
ⅅ𝐼@ℬℓѺ ✔	Recommended	56.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/duntman/	Played with a friend, we were casually mining stuff, but, he accidentally fell in to a pit with no way back up to me, so I had to come and help him out. Right as I came to him - the swarm started, and after a short while mission control announced, that dreadnought is coming.  it's a very big bug . We tried our best to defend but we were cornered and quickly overwhelmed with a lot of bugs - decided to flee. Luckily we were cornered into a dirt, which usually leads to another cave. We started to dig as fast as we could, turrets were almost out of ammo, dreadnought was already next to us. But then, we finally dug enough to see a hole to the next area, everything started to explode, we were low on, basically everything and we instantly started to run for our lives from this swarm, my friend shot a platform to seal the hole we ran from. After that we found ourselves at the edge of a cliff, we stopped for a second and then - screw it. We jumped, rolling down the steep ground and found ourselves in a big, radioactive cave, filled with some amount of red sugar  an equivalent of health vials. We were stranded, alone, in the silent darkness. The mission control was not responding, like they lost connection to us, pressuring silence, until we managed to recover and complete our main task, and found the way we came from. Felt like it was days ago, like long lost miners. The thing is, this gaem is still in early access, and can already give you heartpounding moments like these, its insane.Buy it already, you are a dwarf with a pickaxe, in space. What else do you want?!Rock And Stone btw.
pyromaticpolarbear	Recommended	54.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/pyromaticpolarbear/	Worth every cent. Left 4 Dead meets minecraft meets Starship troopers with a twist of dwarves.
Slewey	Recommended	76.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198002920899/	If I had to quickly explain what Deep Rock Galactic is it's sort of a combination of L4D with Minecraft mixed in. The whole idea of the game is you drop into procedurally generated caves, the level layout depends on the Mission type you select which can be linear stages or one large room with different paths. Once you drop in your tasked with mining for certain resources until you reach your quota, find Alien Eggs, Kill Bosses or Extract large stones, with the occasional secondary objective where you need to find plant life, fossils or minerals dotted around the caves for you to find. Rinse and Repeat.Missions can support up to 4 players and if you decide to go in solo you're accompanied with an AI Drone called "Bosco" who helps you mine resources and has guns to help you in combat. A full 4-player team isn't required and Missions on the hardest difficulty can be done with two people easily as long as you know what you're doing.Classes include Gunner, Engineer, Scout and the Driller. The game does not feature class limits, so you technnically can run 4 Gunners or 2/1/1 team setup. After each successful mission you use gathered credits and resources to purchase upgrades. While a nice feature the upgrade system is extremely simplistic and lacks variety currently. Upgrades mostly involve higher ammo capacity or more damage, nothing that really makes you think or make decisions on what to pick.As for optimization the game runs great and my FPS stays at a constant 140+ FPS with an i7 4970K and 1080ti thanks to its simplistic but visually appealing graphic style.Pros:+Features multiple classes+Fun cooperative gameplay and proof of concept+Classes work well, along with the team mechanics.+Excellent Optimization+While simple, graphics are visually appealing+Procedurally generated levels work well+Frequent update cycle+Upgrade system+Decent amount of biomes that adds a decent amount of varietyCons:-Upgrade system is a nice touch, but needs to be expanded significantly-Lack of weapons for each class-Gameplay can get very repetitive if the concept doesn't appeal to you-Lack of progression to keep you playing in the long term-Slightly overpriced for what's offeredDRG is a solid coop game. It's fun, runs fantastic, the teamwork and mechanics work well. The question is if the repetitive concept is something that appeals to you and your friends, if it does I'd recommend it. However the price tag is a bit steep if you're on the fence about it. At this point the game is still being updated frequently adding new features and content.
danpaladin	Recommended	68.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197970649200/	After 50 hours (mostly in Driller class) I feel fairly well acclimated to the game in its current state.This game has a really great loop.  If you're into mining for minerals, exploring caves, or having pressure on getting back out of a mission with a timer counting down as things try to kill you, then you'll probably enjoy this.  Difficulty can be adjusted from 1 to 4, with 1 being a bit of a walk in the park and 4 being something I've seen people fail moments after leaving the drop pod.  It's all there!Even though the game is not complete it feels in a state which it feels acceptable.  There aren't many bugs I've run into that stopped any of the fun.  The game just feels solid.  There are plenty of different biomes, obstacles, and problems to work around.  The levels are procedural and getting lost is something that can happen to miners who aren't prepared.Different minerals provide different things. 90 Nitra is necessary for ammo drops the team can share (or hog), whereas Morkite might be necessary to complete a mission.  Other minerals are rarer kinds that are used to upgrade your equipment or get vanity items. There's an XP system where you can level each of the 4 classes which allows for stronger upgrades to be unlocked.  The Gunner is basically the bodyguard but comes with a zipline everyone can use.  The Engineer has sentry guns to protect the group during swarms or key mining spots.  The Driller can make crazy terrain something less frightening by tunneling up/down/around things that would otherwise be cumbersome and has a flamethrower.  The Scout has flares that light up huge areas and allow for quick grappling hook action to get to difficult resources or escape danger.  The classes all work together quite well - enough that you might sometimes be wishing you had someone handy that was playing as one to compliment you.  There is no limit as everyone can double/triple/quadruple up on their favorite class.I'd have to say the game feels unique enough that it's a bit difficult to liken to anything directly.  Maybe the mix is something like Vermintide meets Minecraft meets Warframe's Survival Mode meets Left 4 Dead...?   Don't let the pricetag scare you off - these devs are making substantial and steady progress.  They've even got a roadmap which is adhered to quite closely.
YOPG	Recommended	82.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/yopg/	What is Deep Rock Galactic?DRG is a 1-4 co-op FPS with procedurally-generated runs and endless hordes of enemies to kill. Deep Rock is made by Ghost Ship Games and Published by Coffee Stain Publishing.What is it about?You are one of the 4 available dwarf miners in the space. Your objective is to land on ore/crystal rich planet and mine everything what have any value.It's not only about mining! Your objective can be exterminate elite enemies or collect eggs as well.What can you expect from the current version, Early Access?Right now we have very basics, few game modes and small grinding. There is still a lot of work to do even reload animations are not implemented in most of the guns. Deep Rock Galactic is around 50-70 hours of fun for NOW.How does Singleplayer and Multiplayer work here?Singleplayer - Incoming enemies are reduced, you get your own comrade called Basco. I must admit that little cute drone is very useful, it can mine, kill enemies and revive you from downed stage. I didn't notice less or more crystals while playing solo nor weaker enemies.Multiplayer - Incoming enemies scale with players in the lobby. I don't like co-op missions at all, people seem not to care about you and rush deep into caves, leaving you alone to die because there is no reason to stick together. But they should, it's a co-op game after all.You will be very often kicked or called a "noob" if you are new to the game. I have noticed lags on servers around the world.Find good people on their Official Discord[discordapp.com] server or play with friends.Is the full price worth the content we have now?No, definitely no. Price is horribly high and you should wait for the sale. It's an Early Access as well, never trust expensive EA games!Do you recommend Deep Rock Galactic?Yes, I do. Even though it's Early Access and many things can or will change, right now I enjoy every hour I waste mining ores and killing enemies. Singleplayer is great, but the Multiplayer with randoms is not fun as stated above. It's a game dedicated to friends.I hope Developers will not leave the project, the game has potential and absolute great humor. Worth noting: Updates are very frequent, every 2 weeks. But... It gets very monotonous after hours of playing, caves seem to be the same and you start to realize how early version of the game it is.ROCK AND STONE BROTHER! 
Zombie	Recommended	38.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/gamergodprofil/	===[ Player Bases: ]===☐ Kids☐ Everyone☑ Casual players☑ Gamers☑ Hardcore Gamers===[ ☼ Graphics: ]===☐ Minecraft☐ Really bad☐ Bad☐ OK☐ Good☑ Beautiful☐ Masterpiece===[ Price/quality: ]===☑ Full price☑ Wait for sale☐ Average☐ Refund it if you can☐ Don't do it☐ Free===[ ☣ Requirments: ]===☐ 90' PC☑ Minimum☑ Medium☑ Fast☐ High end☐ NASA computer===[ ☼ Difficulty: ]===☐ You just need 2 arms☐ Ez☑ Easy to learn / Hard to master☐ Hard (couples of hours getting beat up)☐ Nope===[Game time/length ]===☐ Really short ( 0 - 2 hours)☐ Short ( 2 - 10 hours)☐ Few hours ( 8 - 20 hours)☑ Long ( 30+ hours)☑ Endless (Depends on the player)===[ Story] ===☑ It doesn't have☐ Still better than Twilight☐ Okay☐ Quite Good☐ Fantastic===[ Bugs ]===☐ 24/7 Bugs☐ Bugs sometimes crashing the game sometimes☐ Some bugs there and there☑ Few Bugs☐ Funny bugs☐ Nothing===[ ♬ Sound/Music] ===☑ Great atmosphere☐ Story Narration☑ For every action☐ Too much music☐ it only turns awayHonestly for an Early Acess I am impressed. A brand new studio gave us this game and honestly you are in for a treat. If you are looking for a COOP experience, I must say it's one of the best out there. The Music, sounds and voice acting are very well done it gets you in the game. I would say buy it, play 2 hours and if you don't like it just refund it. But Honestly I tried that I didint stop at 2 hours, and I ain't refunding it.--  More Info:  -- Good features: The Coop mecanic is very well done in my opinion, they are four different classes. -The Gunner, the Dwarf with a tough attitude. He bring into the mines he's minigun that is excelente taking most bugs and with a great crowd control. He also takes with him a pistol that can aim from great distance very useful taking about range enemies. He brings as well a Zipline gun, that can get the whole squad out of a horrible situation.-The Scout, the Dwarf with the trusty shotgun. He also has a nice assault rifle to handle some crowd control. Not as good as the gunner but it gets the job does most of the time. He Has he's own grappling Gun, with it he can get almost anywhere. But careful falling is the scout greatest strength and weakness.-The Engineer, The Dwarf with the Grenade launcher. With it he will take out massive groups of bugs merging on your position. He also has an automatic Shotgun that can does great damage from close range. Without the Engineer's Turrets the swarm attacks would be very dangerous. Thanks to it exploring the mines is manageable. And Thanks to he's platform gun that shoots platform he can be the solution of getting minerals that are very high above quite easily.-The Driller, The Dwarf that most people say is useless. Trust me when I say that the Driller can save the whole squad often. He is equipped with two big drills, with it he can big up hidden minerals quite easily and make tunnels very rapidity. This is quite useful when the drop pod is on the other side of a wall and the only way out is to dig. The Driller also brought a Flamethrower that is very handy against large mods of bugs and very small bugs that attack in numbers.Depending on your taste you will take one of these Dwarfs and explore the deep mines with your brothers.  Missions There is few different missions that you can take. With four different difficulty. Named Hazard 1, 2, 3 or 4. 1-2 Is quite easy no challenge there. I recommand it to level up your character and boost your weapons.3 is very easy with a good team but can be the death of you in a matter a secondes.4 Is a nightmare most of the time. Other difficulties you will hang around even when the mission is done but on 4 you get out of fast as possible. Features that needs to be improved -Some other review mentioned that the kick systhem can be horrible. and honestly they are right. I sometimes joined up a game, greeted them with a friendly message. Fought with them, mined with them just to be kick when they felt like it. A lot of great ideas have been proposed and the devs replied to it saying they will fix it very soon.   The Devs fixed that Feature that was sometimes annoying. -The M.U.L.E is your trusty bot carrying the minerals for you. It follows you in your missions and without it missions would be impossible. When the Drop Pod gets called and the Epic music starts. The M.U.L.E will go straight to the Drop Pod leading you they way putting lights behind him after every steps. Which is great honestly. But sometimes the Mule just goes straight trew a wall and you have no other option than mine straight to the Drop Pod. It's a minor bug but it also adds another problem. The Surprise attack bugs, since the path finding is not that great like I said with the M.U.LE. It is the same with bugs sometimes, you are mining enjoying your Dwarf life and out of nowhere explosive bugs just crawls out of no where to blow up in your face. I don't mind that bugs can dig and surprise attack dwarf sure. But at least add a sound so the bugs can be heard when they are inside walls. Some comments suggested I add more information on my review, I wrote some additional stuff for you to get a better idea. Feel free to tell me if you want more information on a certain point. Hope I get to see you in the mines !  
Gggmanlives	Not Recommended	31.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/gggmanlives/	Left 4 Dead, No Man's Sky & Minecraft had a Dwarf baby.Update 25/11/18:I changed this to a negative because in the current state the balancing of the game is way off. Weapon damage has been nerfed, the amount of enemies that spawn has been increased and so has the frequency.They have basically butchered the balancing of this game within 4 or 5 patches. Currently it's a mess.Old Review:Pros: Space Dwarves and their lovely beards. Kill bugs with a minigun, flamethrower or shotgun. Simple but appealing visuals. Gameplay is easy to get the hang of. Rock and stone! Interactive jukebox.Cons: Gameplay can be repetitive. Public games are full of idiots. Need a microphone and friends to play with for the best experience.Full video review:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=knxHXgF6n-E 
Gadgetguy	Recommended	30.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/gadgetguy/	Early Access Review
Asphy	Recommended	31.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/asph_y/	Okay i`ll actually make serious review for once since i honestly DO enjoy this game.Let`s start from the obvious,its game about mining in forsaken vile planet where the only friend you have is Bosco,teammate and your gun.Lets answer some main questions about the game.How good is gunplay? Actually Wonderful! I really do like how each weapon feels,well maybe besides Sawed Off and Engineer Bulldog shotgun (but thats due patch 18 not adding proper  models yet with full Futuristic aesthetic)Is there any progress in the game?Yeah there is! And Its honestly not numb crushingly annoying. With each level up of your character you unlock special upgrades. With each upgrade of a gun it feels more powerful and strong!(Yet the costs of upgrades for PR8[Player Rank 8] is kind of insane) When you have everything upgraded for a character you have milestones for perks! And After youve got everything for character and perks you can Prestige your character and get bonus perk slot! And according to RoadMap for 2018-2019 they will add new weapons and vanity items.Speaking of Vanity items,how customizeable characters are?Well besides voice changes,you can change anything about them.(i mean for gods sake i have Hulk Hogan engineer and Lemmy gunner)From which beard to which eyebrows you have! Including skin tone and even god damn hat.(Also Beard PhysiX,Yo)Yeah its all good,but  how good is music?For me personaly,its great! Dark Synth adds alot for creepy,forbidden atmosphere of the game.Honestly question about price tag,would you buy the game and Full motherload upgrade? Yeah i would questionlessly.I might live in Russia which reduces the pricetag,but even if i lived in other country id buy it. 40$ for the game which is ACTUALLY fun and Devs give a damn about i love to support,community is cool too! Only one time i had issue and that due being stuck with newbies,which i can harrass for not knowing what to do.What you DONT like about the game?Well Main issue is that theres only 4 Classes for now,id like to see medic dwarf class which can range revive and heal teammates with flying done which has to be manually used.Id like to see more weapons but thats not the main issue.Main issue is ♥♥♥♥ing Bugs and their variants.I have arachnophobia so this game honestly strikes fear for me whenever i play it in Solo Mode. The Explosives and grabbers are insanely scary,combined with cave leeches its just nightmare fuel for me. (Tune down health of a ♥♥♥♥ing grabbers btw,and increase grab cooldown on character since i was juggled by 3 of them with 2 man squad just today)Would you recommend this game in the end?Yeah i would,7.5\10 Surely,But that mark will just increase progressively as long as game will evolve.Id Honestly tell you go buy full motherload edition since its worth the price tag. As little as GSG crewmembers there are,they doing MUCH MUCH better job then any triple A studio. Further the line ill add Full video review where id go over stuff which i do like and dont like. For now have this wall of text.
I'm Tiny Rick!	Recommended	591.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/silkysmoothnuts/	If you like Killing Floor, Left for Dead, or Vermintide 2 paired with epic and diverse exploration through an amazing procedural cave generation system, massive swarms of enemies, as well a heavy empasis on co-op gameplay and communication, I coudn't recommend this enough. My playtime should be a testament to that.This game has come a long ways since it's initial release on attention to detail, graphics, gunplay, you name it. It has a long ways to go and may be lacking in a progession system that keep some people drawn in, but with roadmaps and transparent developers it is easy to see how epic this game will be at full release. I'll also say that the developers are constantly adding new updates and are quick on bug fixes which is hard to find on many Early Access games, not to mention they actually listen to their players.This game feels like it is in a full-release state, as all the core gameplay is in place. Every time a big update comes around, it is a breath of fresh air to an already awesome game.Easily worth the $25 it is currently priced at. Pick it up while it's in early access to support this amazing game!FOR KARL!
Commando Kal	Recommended	69.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197971559644/	I don't usually write reviews but if you're on the fence about this one, I recommend purchasing it, even at full price. Why would I say that? You may be thinking, "It's still in Early Access and incomplete..." First I will go into the genre, and from there the features in greater detail, without giving away any spoilers. I hope this is an enjoyable read for all of you that informs you with what you need to make your purchasing decision. Drop Pod Initiating...-GENRE-Deep Rock Galactic (DRG) is a sci-fi cooperative (or single player) first-person shooter mining game. If you've ever seen the film Starship Troopers, basically combine the combat from that film with dwarves, mining underneath an alien planet named Hoxxes IV (where all of the missions take place). The environments are procedurally-generated and completely destructible. The gameplay includes light RPG, level-up elements and unlocks that make progression more fun, interesting, and ultimately necessary to play at the higher difficulty levels. There is A LOT of replayability here already.-GAMEPLAY-You first pick one of, for now, four classes, each with their varying strengths, weaknesses and personal weapons and gear. Don't worry if you love a certain class and someone on your team has already picked it. Your entire team can be made up of Drillers if you really want. You also pick one of a variety of missions, from collecting eggs or minerals deep within cave systems, to repairing lost mining vehicles and bringing them home, to battling huge 'boss' bugs that have special abilities, impenetrable exo-skeletal armor, and more... All the while you are being attacked by a variety of waves of hostile alien insects. -DIFFICULTY-On easier difficulties, they are less so, on higher difficulties they get more intense to nearly impossible to be not overwhelmed by. Based on your personal experience, skill-level and the upgrades you have purchased, you can take on whatever difficulty of mission you like, whether alone, with friends or with random players, to suit your tastes. The higher the difficulty and the longer the mission however, the more rewards. Missions can take anywhere from 20 minutes on the low end to 1.5 hours on the high end. Literally anyone who's decent with a mouse and keyboard, or a controller can play and find both a mission duration and difficulty level that will suit their time limits and skill.-DIALOGUE-I don't want to make this much longer, but I will say that the voice lines are very creative, sometimes witty, and usually very funny. They just added a few more in the last patch, so I'm looking forward to more jokes and dialogue options as the game continues to be developed. -ENVIRONMENTS (BIOMES)-The biomes are one of the first things I noticed while playing that, for some reason, the screenshots do not convey. They are quite literally beautiful. Being procedurally-generated means that you will never enter the same cave twice, so each mission's setting is unique and uniquely beautiful. The more complex the cave system in my opinion, the more beautiful to look at they tend to be.Some biomes are foggy, swampy and humid. Others are psychedelically-colored alien forests, teeming with strange, docile creatures and beautiful, glowing flora. While other biomes are crystalline caverns whose formations reflect like mirrors a sparkling light as you toss flares down their narrow tunnels. Blowing up hundreds of giant, dwarf-eating insects never looked so pretty... But then again there's no other game out there that's doing this.-CLASSES-The Class progression, abilities and vanity items are all very cool. You can tell that, even though the gear isn't interchangeable between classes, and there's no switching weapons of any kind for now, all of the upgrades are meaningful, and truly improve your dwarf's capabilities without ever feeling like they're too powerful to ruin the experience. This is the most apparent with the Engineer, who dishes out the most firepower against waves of enemies. Despite his killing power, he never feels overpowered, especially on Challenge Level 3 and (4 being the highest) where your personal skill is increasingly important and tested, as well as teamwork being ever more essential to success and ultimately, that fat paycheck at the end of the day. -REWARDS & PROGRESSION-At the end of each mission, you earn experience, credits, and rare minerals that you've mined in the cave system. Experience goes towards the class you just played, credits are spent on upgrades and vanity items, and rare minerals are used to help unlock gear upgrades and vanity items as well. For now the level cap for each class is 20, which still takes maybe 20-30 hours per class. I personally believe they will add to that level cap, as they've already added a whole new ability system, new armors, beards, hats, mustaches, skin colors and more.-THE DEVELOPER-I can tell Ghost Ship Games loves the game they are creating. They have already made something that is almost completely devoid of bugs or crashes, and all it's really lacking now is more content and features. Regardless of still being in Early Access, this game is 100% worth the current price and your support. I would not have written such a lengthy review if I didn't feel so strongly about it. -CONCLUSION-If you can see yourself enjoying casually mining minerals either alone or with friends, this is for you. If you can see yourself enjoying taking on fun, and sometimes massive challenges that will test your hand-eye coordination, threat assessment and FPS skills while working with a team and screaming "ROCK AND STONE!" at each other when victorious, then this game is also, definitely for you! Commando Kal over and out. See you in the Drop Pod!ROCK AND STONE, BROTHERS!
The Milkman	Recommended	67.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/thetruemilkman/	You play as one of four classes of dwarves and mine stuff in alien planets in order to upgrade your dwarves so they are better at mining and killing all the baddie aliens you encounter. It's surprisingly fun and doesn't get old due to the procedurally generated caves and different biomes. The low poly visuals are quite well done and it runs nicely. 4 player coop and at only $25 you can't really go wrong.Rock and stone, brother.
Peace	Recommended	110.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/peaceoup/	One of the best casual game around. Give you that Aliens marines feeling <take this, take this... oh you want some of this... take some you slimey $#%$#>. And the mining is fun. On rare game where teamwork is superbly implemented, a lesson in multiplayer success. Sadly the game might die as users are done with it, playing solo is boring.Worth < 40$From 1 to 5 where 3 is average-EXPERIENCE-Story - 3 - Great background but no storyEscapism - 4 - <Leave no dwarf behind!>Fun Factor - 5 - Many hours of funAccomplishment - 4Social - 4 - Best co-op game but not a "social" game per sayExploration - 4 - That's part of the pointCombat - 4 - FluidReplayability - 5 - One more game...-TECHNICAL- Originality - 4Features - 4 - Many little detailsGraphics - 3 - Simple but addictiveAudio - 3AI - 4 - Buuuugs!Gameplay - 5 - Super smoothControls - 4 - Easy enoughLearning Curve - 4 - Easy but learn to work with othersQA - 5 - No bugs in a bugs game? -INTEGRATION-Steam - 4Workshpop - N/AHype - 4 - Underrated. A better SP mode would helpExpansions - N/ASupport - N/APrice - 4
Deadtrait	Recommended	55.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198053475789/	Honestly, this game has so much potential. So far I've had alot of enjoyment out of it, working together with people mixing our skills together to overcome the dangers that await. The complete darkness requiring flares gives it that eerie feel as you never know what you're going to come up against, whether that's a god damn tentacle sucking you out from nowhere to an exploder spider killing you or even making a tunnel to your team mates because you're lost and then out of nowhere the tunnel is filled with blood feasting spoideys. A must buy.
Oswald	Recommended	24.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/xdxdxdxdxd231/	You know its surprising that nowadays indie devs are the ones pumping out quality games and this is a perfect example of that. I played the closed alpha for this and at that moment I knew this game had the potential. For 2 days I did not want to stop playing this game and when the alpha was over it left me wanting more which at that point is already a good sign. Months later we are here and what we have is the same game except improved in every which way. These devs care and you can see the effort they have put in when playing this game. For me its a must especially if you love co-op games and if you love games where you fight hordes of enemies off. The higher difficulty in these missions can be really challenging and the procedural maps make every mission feel very unique and refreshing.
Direclaw	Recommended	62.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198048180520/	This is the cleanest early access game I have ever played. This game is not riddled with bugs as most early games are. The developers add new content every other week.Best played with friends or a group. The classes are simple and need more depth, but so far my friends and I are hooked. The higher difficulties are a blast to play and hunting for those rare resources keep us going. The swarms are awesome.If you like mining, resource gathering, first person shooters, and dwarven humor then this game is for you.Positives:Graphics are clean. Drilling a tunnel and having it open up to crystals reflecting off of your flares can be breath taking. The art style really fits how the game plays.Action. Lots of Action. The swarms are really high paced on the higher difficulties.Ore. Forever chasing the rare ore. Gotta have em to get those bling armors.MUSIC. MUSIC. MUSIC. The music is outstanding and very fitting for this atmospheric game.Granted this is Early Access, but here is what needs work:The classes need more customization options. Right now if you fully upgrade your gunner class, it will be identicle to every other gunner class. Give us different items/guns to unlock. Give us more reasons to pursue that precious rare ore so we can truly stand out.More enemy types are needed.More biomes. ICE/SNOW biome please.Overall this game is fun for where it is but has outstanding potential. Best early access game i have played in awhile and I am looking forward to future updates.
clemmel	Recommended	32.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/clemmel/	It gives you that constant, natural satisfaction of finding diamonds in minecraft.Except you're mining morkite, and there are no 8 year old admins with god-complex's.
QUEEEZ	Recommended	4.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197981024713/	Great Fun. Some will complain of a lack of content at launch, but i much prefer this type of early access that is not broken and already optomized rather then the broken early access games that prioritize content over bug and performance fixes. Excited to see what more comes out, but for now i am having a great time playing this game with friends.
Fennek	Recommended	6.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/aydenfox/	A mining game, just like cousin Okri used to make!
Elgidum	Recommended	23.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198008621908/	One of the most enjoyable games I've picked up in quite a while.While still in Early Access, game is very playable, and runs well despite the fact that I have an older machine.Engaging gameplay, and what looks like a solid, attentive team of devs. Strongly reccomend to anyone fond of co-op shooters, especially fans of the Borderlands series.
Rakeela	Recommended	187.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198153108633/	This is the game I buy copies of for any friends who ask.
Mad_Casual_Dad	Recommended	31.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197998613236/	I NEVER write reviews on games. But this is one I had to for.I had been debating grabbing this game for some time. As a solo player games like this are usually not viable in the slightest. And after being burned by Warhammer in that regard I was extremely hesitant to purchase. Well after it went on sale I decided why not, Ill give it a try.Man am I glad I did! I have been addicted for days playing this game. I can play it solo just fine (Not sure what everyone else is complaining about as far as that goes), can play it with randoms (there are of course a few apples that taint the experience, but most of the time its because they are completely new. A little patience goes a LONG way), and because of the sale I convinced a few friends to pick it up.Pro's- Runs amazing-Lighting is amazing-Graphics are reasonable-Solo viable-Rock solid co-op (they werent kidding)-0 performance issues (runs rock solid)-Dwarves-Mining-class system is fantastic (every class has a place)-Just a blast to play and have some laughs!Cons-A few bad apples here and there but people are new to the game, have some patience!-Had a few bugs where the bugs were in the floor. Nothing game breaking at all.If you were on the fence, give this a go! I don't think you will be disappointed at all!
Disodium	Recommended	23.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Disodium/	Dwarfs, Digging, Destroying local flora and fauna in a area that is procedural generated.. whats not to love!?The game is simple but fun..Deploy, complete objectives(find x of y resource etc), extract, profit.Progression is via levels that unlock cosmetics and upgrades for your equipment.You purchase these items via credits and special resources you collect when doing missions.The game scales from 1-4 players fairly well so even if you only want to run in a group of 2 or 3 this is possible.For the solo players you get to command an AI hovering drone that can dig, fight and collect.Having only played a couple hours and skipping through the classes so not really progressing the variation in game-play is my only concern.There are different types of missions that you can do once you reach a higher level so hopefully these should create some slightly different mission types and challenges.All in all, its been a fun game thus far, and really enjoyable to play.
CorZ	Recommended	14.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/MorallyBankruptSucks/	Short Review:-Nice Graphic-Funny to Play-Ez to Learn-you need no good Pc-Only 1gb for the Game-Play it with Friends or with Random guysJust buy it its 100% worth :) 
_Urarity_	Recommended	18.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/_Urarity_/	11 hours and countingI absolutely LOVE this game!!One big aspect I was worried about was the multiplayer.I heard this game was harder to do alone for certain areas but I didn't know if I would get alot of trolls instead of teammates.BOY WAS I WRONG!!Just make a server yourself people will join eventually (not too long for me) and everyone I played with was super nice.You don't even need a mic you can communicate by typing or just using your pointer to point at stuff you want mined.Other than that:Great GraphicsLots of PotentialSoundtrack is awesomeEasy to make a serverCustomizable DwarvesI would love to buy the support pack when I get the money <3FOR KARL!!!!
C#razy..	Recommended	280.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mrphil2105/	Early Access Review
Salty_Slater	Recommended	51.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/salty_slater/	Are you sure this is early access? Deep Rock Galactic is one of the most solid shooters I've ever played. The game is very well optimized already, with beautiful graphics and stellar netcode. Only a couple of times did I have any connection issues but I'm pretty sure that was on my end. Controls are tight and gameplay doesn't get stale due to procedurally generated caves and caverns, and you're always worried about when the next swarm is going to stear your squad apart.I think going class based was a great choice, since the game is PvE and focuses a lot on cooperation. You'll quickly find yourself asking your teammates to deploy one of their classes' special tools to help you get to hard to reach minerals. During a bad swarm you'll pray that you have an Engineer to put down automated sentries. You may even have to dig a tunnel through 100 meters of solid rock just to get to your dropship in time to extract from a mission.I can't wait to see what updated come to this game. While it could have been released now as a full game, becasue it's in Early Access we'll probably see a lot of growth on this already solid game.
[RNDB] [KF2-FR]  ☣ Jtktomb	Recommended	19.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/urboijtktomb/	Early acess done right.To make 1 Deep Rock Galactic you need  : - Listening and hard working devs- Starship troopers 1- Diggy Diggy Diggy Hole the music clip- Beers and Barrels- Great fauna and flora designs- Great random terrain generation and destruction- Great voxel graphics
SmashVanderHuge	Recommended	7.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198140205083/	dont ever tab out it breaks the game 
Not A Murderer	Recommended	16.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/waffle842/	I'm going through my entire library and putting a minimum of an hour into each game and then reviewing them, here is mine for Deep Rock Galactic:I love love love love love this game.  Is that enough loves?  Maybe one more for good measure.  Love.  Anyway, this is a must play if you have ever had fun playing games like vermintide or left 4 dead.  A friend and I bought this a few days ago and pretty much anytime we are online we are playing it.  The game is still in early access but the only part that feels early access are the bugs like the game starting on the wrong monitor or the wrong voice lines being played. The graphics and the gameplay don't scream early access like even some "offically released" titles *cough pubg cough*  But the developers have a discord where they talk to the players and keep track of the bugs and they seem to really care about their game so I will be watching this one with a keen eye.
Foddz	Recommended	47.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/tehfoddz/	TL:DR;I'm not sure I can remember the last time I had this much fun. Minecraft cave-diving meets Left 4 Dead/Payday. Get this game.********************************This video game is amazing.You are space dwarves. Mining an alien planet's caves. These caves are full of alien bugs. We just did a mission that had freaking earthquakes that opened freaking magma fissures under our freaking feet as we ran away from a swarm of angry space-bugs, beaten, battered, low on health and ammo. This game throws some truly diabolical situations at you. But by using all the tools we had at our disposal with all 4 classes, we were able to overcome these challenges and still make it back to the pod and escape with our mined riches.The atmosphere is spot on. The narrow spaces feel claustrophobic. The big caves are truly cavernous. Light is an issue. So is finding a a safe spot to fight. Sometimes you have to make a spot safe to fight in.  Each biome feels significantly different. I'm really curious what the game will throw at us next.This game is Early Access. I bought it on sale for 25% off. I would absolutely recommend this game, even at full price, if you enjoyed any of the following games: Minecraft, Killing Floor, Left 4 Dead, or Payday. This game scratches that same itch. And IMO it scratches it better. Don't get discouraged if you get beaten down a few times early on. Every failure is a learning opportunity.In short: Get this game. 
lusid306	Recommended	1.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/lusid306/	Not my type of game  but has ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s of potential...
CROM	Recommended	38.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/skids1000/	Lots of diggingGrappling hooks and zip-linesBig bugsBig gunsBig beardsBig fun
Tigerblut	Recommended	34.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198056225990/	===[ ☼ Graphics: ]===☐ Really bad☐ Bad☑ Good☐ Beautiful☐ Masterpiece===[ ☼ Animations: ]===☐ Oh God my Eyes!☐ Meh☑ Like it should be☐ Really nice!===[ $ Price/Quality: ]===☐ Don't do it☐ Refund it if you can☐ Wait for Sale☑ Full Price☐ Shut up and take my Money!===[ ☼ Requirments: ]===☐ Minimum☑ Medium☐ High End☐ NASA Computer===[ ☼ Difficulty: ]===☑ Easy☑ Medium☐ Hard☐ Easy to learn / Hard to master☐ Hard (first few hours)☐ GOD DAMN I HATE THIS GAME!☐ GOD DAMN THIS GAME HATES ME!===[ ۞ Game Time/Length ]===☐ Really short ( 0 - 4 hours)☐ Short ( 4 - 10 hours)☐ Few Hours ( 10 - 20 hours)☐ Long ( 20+ hours)☑ Endless===[ ♬ Story] ===☑ It doesn't have☐ Still better than Twilight☐ Good☐ Fantastic===[ § Bugs ]===☐ Nothing☑ Few Bugs☐ Lot of Bugs☐ Bugs destroying the Game☐ Game itself is one big BUGMultiplayer: YESSingleplayer: YES
Jon Salchichon	Recommended	66.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198108645935/	I have never reviewed a game before. But this game it's wonderful. It has fast and beatiful graphics. Very nice (and kindly original) concept. I find this game very funny (for 4 team co-op at least). The four Dwarves classes are well implemented, all of them are totally neccesary in a 4 co-op, no one should be replaced for repeated classes in a match. Good weapons and equipment for every class.And it's just the beggining!! My congratulations to the developers. Keep it up and always listen to the community!I expect much from future content, of course I'll be patient.Best regards!
Salesbook	Recommended	93.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/salesbook/	The game is very well polished, runs well and feels good to play.However the progression system is not to my liking. The upgrades are very linear and nothing more than a bit of extra damage and a bit extra ammo, or extra health. I heavily prefer side-grades, sacrificing something for something else. But I do think the game feels good and is very fun.I played the closed-alpha, and the game has already changed a whole lot, and added a whole bunch of content.
OrangeGills	Recommended	120.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/OrangeGills/	Updating this review, since the game has been much updated since.Four dwarves (and a robot) from the company Deep Rock Galactic are delivered beneath the surface of Hoxxes IV from orbit via drop pod.The Gunner, wielding a minigun, a revolver, satchel charges, and a zipline gun. His firepower is unmatched, and his ziplines get the team places they otherwise couldn't go.The Driller, carrying with him a flamethrower and a pistol. His drills get him and his team anywhere he cares to go, even through the caves themselves, and can act as weapons if the situation so calls.The Scout, armed with an assault rifle and a double barreled shotgun. He uses a grappling hook to give himself full independence of mobility, whilst the rest of the team relies on each other to get difficult places. It's also dark underground, the team appreciates him bringing along a flare gun.The Engineer, with a pump shotgun and a grenade launcher, places platforms that can form bridges, staircases, or impromptue walls as the situation demands. He also places sentry guns to fortify locations against swarms of enemies.And Molly of course, a minecart on legs who follows the team around and collects what they mine. Deep Rock seriously needs to invest in some better equipment.Their objective? To mine gold and other such valuable ores of course, why else do dwarves go underground? Once they've mined their quota, a drop pod will return somewhat close underground and the team must find their way to it.Why all the heavy armament? A bunch of undesirable insect-y things are also underground. From basic creepy-crawlies that crawl towards you, to flying poison spitters, to cave leaches, to huge dreadnaughts, there is a variety of bugs to face underground, whose roster is continuously expanded by the GSG team.This game I would say is worth the full price, and a must-have on any kind of sale.
Duck-Tec 7	Recommended	5.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197992674721/	Solid freaking coop FPS and very fun too.What i love is also the originality, its a digging game mixed with a fps...dig and mine ressources, shoot waves of monsters in colorfull caves.What this game needs is basically a lot more content, and achievements...I hope the devs keep it serious because the game has loads of potential, and its so solid for a EA game..RECOMMENDED !!!
Wolfy ^_^	Recommended	45.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/wolfypt/	I dont really do reviews but this game deserves it, the devs keep adding new content and its alot of fun playing on your own, with friends or randoms.
Fastie	Recommended	22.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/digre/	My short pros and cons for a really fun game!+Fun+Good performance. All Epic on a 1440p gives good framerates and visuals!+Dwarfs-I feel the price is a tad high. Expected ~15 to ~18 euro.
Fred	Recommended	13.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/fredthedoggo/	14/4/2018 First impressionThe game seems solid, so far it's easy to understand and fun to get into, the artstyle is basic but it's overal fine looking. No bugs so far.In some area's it can be visually improved such as the space station itself, but i really dont consider a bad or slightly negative review for that. I can defenitly recommend this game so far!
human garbage	Recommended	26.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Lewser/	Description:Deep rock galactic is a CO-OP first person shooter. It's round based, and up to 4 people can play. There are four classes to chose from, each with their own items. The engineer, who has turrets, a gun that shoots walls, a combat shotgun, and a grenade launcher. The gunner has a gatling gun, a heavy pistol, a zip-line gun (which is just as cool as it sounds) and C4. The driller has drill arms, a flamethrower, a rocket launcher, and C4. The last class, the scout, has the least fun grappling hook in the entire world (you can't swing from it) a flare gun (which shoots flares farther, has them stick to walls, and are brighiter than normal flares) an assault rifle, and a sawed off shotgun. Everyone gets 3 grenades, 3 recharging flares, and a pickaxe. All consumables like ammo and grenades can be refilled by mining nitra and ordering a drop pod in the cave. Everything in this game can be destroyed, except the robots that come into the cave with you. If you go alone, you get a helper robot who shines lights on things, mines, and shoots enemies for you. Whether you're alone or have 4 people, a MULE bot comes with you that can be relocated on command and is there for you to deposit your materials into. Depending on the class you play, there are upgrades and a ranking system for each class. So if you play a class a lot, you can upgrade it using credits and materials found on misisons. My personal opinion:The game is awesome! I bought it and played it for 6 hours straight with my friends without even noticing. However, it might get a little repetitive if you play it a lot. Each mission has a singular objective and an optional objective as well as difficulty settings that give you bonuses if you play them on harder difficulties. If you don't have friends, you can still join games or host and have others join your games, but it won't be as fun.Analysis: Dwarf dancing simulator 2018
Steadymobbin	Recommended	2.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Steadymobbin7/	Rock and Stone! This just might be the best purchase of 2018. Incredibly fun with friends, satisfying gameplay mechanics, and mining... Lots and lots of beautiful sweet mining!
Cypren	Recommended	24.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/CYPREN_/	Deep Rock Galactic: Left for Dead meets Spelunky and Star Ship Troopers.I picked this game up at launch, and it was love at first sight. Its well optamised, challenging, almost bug free, and is a truely solid Co-Op FPS.I think to properly tell you how good this is, let me tell you a tale of me and some friends.We hopped into the drop pod and down to the planet we went. Upon landing we scouted the area, looking for gems and riches. I, the scout, went ahead and searched for some more minerals while the engineer and gunner made zip lines and platforms across a ravine. We were attacked by many a swarm, but our teamwork and cooperation pulled us through. Eventually we completed the task at hand (to kill 3 Glyphid dreadnaughts) and had filled our pockets with gold, nitra and Umanite. We pressed the button on Molly and back came the drop pod...which had spawned on the other side of the ravine. Rushing towards it, i made it across with my grapple gun, but the others were left on the other side as no zip lines had be put across to the top layer of the ravine. Quickly we scrabled to get across, the driller leading the charge while the gunner help of the inpending horde. I was beckoning them on, getting them closer to the drop pod as the timer ticked away, 3 minutes, then 2 minutes. Suddenly disaster as the Engineer feel and was downed at the bottom of the ravine. I was the only one who could reach him. I ran back and grappled down to him, but we was swarmed by many Glypids and i could not revive him. I tried to lead the glypids away, taking many hits, but eventually got them far enough away so that i could revive him. But as i got him up the swarm returned and downed him again. With 1 minute left, the others had little hope i could save him. But i returend and through pure luck managed to bring him onto his feet. My health was low and one more hit would have downed me and doomed me to being left behind. We made a break for the dropod, 30 seconds left on the clock, and ran through the recently dug corridor to the pod. We hopped on with only 10 seconds to spare and off we blasted back to the saftey of the Hub.This was just one example of the scenarios created by this game. Its fun, engaging, and utterly relies on teamwork and combining your teams abilities. I highly reccomend this game to anyone looking for a solid Co Op shooter.Oh and on another note, the devs are very active and interact with thier community every second they can. I really hope this game goes somewhere good and that its a game i can be proud of supporting this early in its development.
NeonBootyGoon	Recommended	1.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197965602081/	Game has a neat concept, it's fun to play. Warning - The only reason i wont continue to play the game is with everything being so enclosed and everything taking place with small spaces and limited light, i get motion sick. I wont hold that against the game though, thats me. Though to people that get motion sick in the ocassional game, be warned that this game has that potential as well.
Van Man	Recommended	57.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/grisefugl/	I could probably play this game forever.The gameplay is great, the four different characters all have their own feel to them, with each one having an equally important role on the team. The enemies you meet as you traverse through the darkness are enjoyable, and can pose a big threat if not managed correctly (I would like to see some new enemies in the near future tho, it can get a little bit stale). But even if the game gets a bit stale, all you have to do is to turn the difficulty up to hazard 4, which sends a close to constant wave of enemies your way. The game runs great and is quick to load in, even on my garbage pc. I am looking forward to where the devs take this game!
sNAJPARRR	Recommended	3.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/1gpr/	Early Access Review
The One True God	Recommended	26.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/bloodyboar/	The game is surpringly deepI was hesitant at first to buy the game, because I felt it would get dry fast; but when I realized it was 1 am and I had just scratched the surface of the engineer class.. well I guess I'll admit I was wrong.The game is well made, and has an increadibly well functioning reward system to keep you entertained short term, yet gives you long term fullfillment.A mission is probably minimum 30 min+, and you are constantly moving. The fights are furious, but smooth. It is definitly possible to overcome intense battles by playing your heart out and never giving up. The periods between fighting are great to calm you down, but are never boring. You are rushing to explore into the cave and get some ore before the next nest, wave, or other horror is upon you. It is also incredibly easy to join a game and help out - while diversity is better, nobody will fault you for playing the class you prefer, and personal skill will make up for any shortcomings in team build. Toxicity is non-existant, as honestly there is very little you can really get mad about.Your characters will level up as you play wtih them, unlocking new and interesting upgrades - my favorite part of this is their own unique prestige system. If you retire (prestige) a character, you will unlock a small bonus the next character in that class, and restarting at lvl one means you get the thrill of fighting monsters as a newbie, while having the skills of a master.Finally, over time you will unlock perks by completing milestones. Perks can be used on any character, and can be upgraded over time. These are slow and hard to get, but are perfect as they give you a feeling of overall satisfaction - no matter what you do, what roles you play, what challenges & missions you complete.. or fail, you are always improving.Last but not least - the team hub room is incredible, and there are some great secrets to be found. As the game is early access, the hub is slightly unfinished. In any other game, this would be a downside for me, it would feel somewhat crappy. In Deep Rock Galactic, it only makes me feel giddy for what the dev's are bringing next.
The One True God	Recommended	26.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/bloodyboar/	The game is surpringly deepI was hesitant at first to buy the game, because I felt it would get dry fast; but when I realized it was 1 am and I had just scratched the surface of the engineer class.. well I guess I'll admit I was wrong.The game is well made, and has an increadibly well functioning reward system to keep you entertained short term, yet gives you long term fullfillment.A mission is probably minimum 30 min+, and you are constantly moving. The fights are furious, but smooth. It is definitly possible to overcome intense battles by playing your heart out and never giving up. The periods between fighting are great to calm you down, but are never boring. You are rushing to explore into the cave and get some ore before the next nest, wave, or other horror is upon you. It is also incredibly easy to join a game and help out - while diversity is better, nobody will fault you for playing the class you prefer, and personal skill will make up for any shortcomings in team build. Toxicity is non-existant, as honestly there is very little you can really get mad about.Your characters will level up as you play wtih them, unlocking new and interesting upgrades - my favorite part of this is their own unique prestige system. If you retire (prestige) a character, you will unlock a small bonus the next character in that class, and restarting at lvl one means you get the thrill of fighting monsters as a newbie, while having the skills of a master.Finally, over time you will unlock perks by completing milestones. Perks can be used on any character, and can be upgraded over time. These are slow and hard to get, but are perfect as they give you a feeling of overall satisfaction - no matter what you do, what roles you play, what challenges & missions you complete.. or fail, you are always improving.Last but not least - the team hub room is incredible, and there are some great secrets to be found. As the game is early access, the hub is slightly unfinished. In any other game, this would be a downside for me, it would feel somewhat crappy. In Deep Rock Galactic, it only makes me feel giddy for what the dev's are bringing next.
Franz	Recommended	6.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Farixy_/	Deep Rock Galactic is a co-op FPS game that puts you in the shoes of a dwarf (with multiple classes to choose from). The goal of the game is to complete a random main objective usually in the vain of mining a certain amount of a specific ore, collect a specific amount of a certain item, or perhaps even kill a specifc amount of a specific type of enemy. The game puts you in a procedurally-generated cave of various biomes that is completely destructible (which means you can destroy anything you see more or less). Besides completing the main and bonus objective of each game, there is plenty of fun to be had exploring the caves mining various ores and finding rare items, all while finding tons of alien monsters. There are also random encounters such as swarms of monsters and bosses to fight. The game allows up to 4 players online, and playing the game with friends is a blast. But the game also offers a fun and solid experience if you prefer to play it alone, and even though you will have to fight hordes of monsters, the game and it's soundtrack can be quite relaxing (though very intense at times).With multiple classes to choose from, offering completely unique experiences with their own weapons and tools, and more on the horizon, Deep Rock Galactic has a lot of gameplay value to offer. Even at an early stage of Early Access the game offers a lot for your money, great performance and hardly any bugs encountered. If Ghost Ship Games can provide regular content updates Deep Rock Galactic may very well shape up to be one of the better co-op experiences around, and so I highly recommend this for anyone who wants a fun, addicting, yet challenging co-op game to play either with your friends or by yourself!
Dreu	Recommended	115.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/3000hoursongmodlel/	DRG is one of the best co-op games i've played in a long while, Regular updates, And boat ton of communication from the devs, The updates that come out feel diffrent everytime which is bloody great. I have very high hopes for the future of this title.  
kekbeek	Recommended	8.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198275592676/	===[ Audience: ]=== ☐ Kids☑ Everyone☐ Casual players☐ Pro players===[ Graphics: ]=== ☐ Potato☐ Really bad☐ Bad☐ OK☑ Good (In Between, not realistic but still pretty)☑ Beautiful ☐ Masterpiece===[Price/quality: ]=== ☑ Full price ☐ Wait for sale ☐ Average☐ Refund it if you can☐ Don't do it===[ Requirments: ]=== ☐ 90' PC☐ Minimum☑ Medium (I have gtx 1060 3gb and I can run this very smoothly at 100+ fps on max settings so I would say around medium)☑ Fast☐ High end ☐ NASA computer===[ Difficulty: ]=== ☐ You just need 2 arms ☐ Ez☑ Easy to learn / Hard to master ☐ Hard (first few hours)☐ Dark Souls===[ Game time/length ]=== ☐ Really short ( 0 - 2 hours)☐ Short ( 2 - 8 hours)☐ Few hours ( 8 - 12 hours)☐ Long ( 12+ hours)☑ Endless===[ Story] === ☑ It doesn't have☐ Still better than Twilight☐ Average☐ Good☐ Fantastic===[ Bugs ]=== ☐ Game itself is one big BUG☐ Bugs destroying the game☐ Lot of bugs☑ Few Bugs(Some spider monster things like walk through the floor but you can still get them {TIP: The M.U.L.E walks through walls if they are hollow!})☐ You can use them for speedrun☐ NothingOverall 9.73/10.00This game is so good and the issue with the kicking system isn't really that bad i've only been kicked once. With 5 hours which isn't to much but I was away for a bit and didn't get able to play. Great game, buy for full price. The game is basically a left for dead kind of feeling game. It reminds me of it alot, mainly due to the similar function which is completing something while fighting giant hordes. If you have bought and played left 4 dead and enjoyed it then get this game. There is 4 classes each giving its advantages. I'm not going into detail to what they do but you will find out later in. The objectives like, gathering Morkite, gather 10 Blossom mushroom things. About all the objectives are good and don't waste your time. Each match in fact takes around 40 minutes to 15 minutes. Depends on your skill. I really like this game and don't think it will waste your time. The only thing is you will probably need a friend to play with. The kicking function is going to ♥♥♥♥ your day up. I usually just host and wait for other people to come in but im begging 2 friends to get this game. Good game good price.
nisce	Recommended	21.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198080990629/	Early Access Review
Bittersweet	Not Recommended	13.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/bittersweets/	I requested a refund because the kick function is being abused: the host can kick any player, at any point in the game. What makes this worse is a playerbase intolerant to new players. You will get kicked for not playing like others want you to, without reason, warning, or actual useful advice for players still learning the game. There are also trolls who simply enjoy kicking you after 40 minutes before you can escape, making you lose all progress (XP and resources to buy upgrades) you've made during that session. The host that just kicked you benefits from all the work you've done. This is an extremely frustrating experience and damaging to the community.I may consider rebuying once the devs have this kick issue solved, because the game itself is pretty good. It has an addicting gameplay hook where you work together, making use of each class' unique abilities, to reach the missions objectives. There will be occasional horde waves that you have to defend against.-->> Updated: 4 March 2018 <<--Thank you, Soren [dev] for acknowledging this issue and letting us know it's on your radar. I understand better now that it's challenging to find a fitting solution. At least "d) (compensation)" seems mandatory to me.I've suggested voting before, as others have, but I realise now that could end up replacing one problem with another problem.Maybe some kind of karma/reputation system could help. Like commending a player for being a good host.About my refund request; it was denied, because at the time of my request I already played 4.8 hours. It's all good though, I already fell in love with this game during a closed alpha weekend and realised then it has a lot of potential.I will continue to play the game, but only as a host from now on and see how it goes.At this time I still wouldn't recommend the game with the current kick system, but that could change as development progresses.
Pepper 🎁🎁	Recommended	96.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198170968929/	I like this game, after I got it and I can't stop playing it every day and night on weekend, one of my friends bought this game and he likes it too. It's fun to play with friends, but after level 20, I feel no more things need to upgrade, and  not a lot of maps to choose, it makes me not that excited as the begining. However, I like to play Scout because he's the only one guy has strong light in the team, and Driller, he can go anywhere he wants, because he has a pair of strong drill bit. Different characters have different skills, even though they're all dwarfs and looks mad and ugly face, but I feel they're very cute when I'm in game. Also, looking for the eggs is my favourite mission of all the maps.
Flytrap	Recommended	127.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/nem_tudom/	A superb COOP shooter, thats only downside, is a mediocre solo experience. With friends, its a huge blast!
P5 ak6427	Recommended	53.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ak6427/	Been waiting for a good coop game? Buy this!Deep Rock Galactic is one of the rare actually worthwhile early access games. There have been steady updates with quality content and when you first hop into the game you will see there's plenty more planned by the devs. Fire it up with some friends, it's definitely worth the money even at the current state. My friends and I are looking forward to more content updates in the future, as the core gameplay already works and is very addicting, definitely the most positive surprise of this year so far and the best coop I've had the pleasure of playing in a long while!Rock and Stone!
AdeptMechanicus	Recommended	10.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197974642082/	Brilliant co-op fun so far and it's only early days. I look foward to seeing how this game progresses. Keep working hard devs :)
P5 ak6427	Recommended	53.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ak6427/	Been waiting for a good coop game? Buy this!Deep Rock Galactic is one of the rare actually worthwhile early access games. There have been steady updates with quality content and when you first hop into the game you will see there's plenty more planned by the devs. Fire it up with some friends, it's definitely worth the money even at the current state. My friends and I are looking forward to more content updates in the future, as the core gameplay already works and is very addicting, definitely the most positive surprise of this year so far and the best coop I've had the pleasure of playing in a long while!Rock and Stone!
Alextho	Recommended	12.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Alextho/	===[ Audience: ]===☐ Kids☐ Everyone☑ Casual players☐ Pro players===[ Graphics: ]===☐ Really bad☐ Bad☐ OK☑ Good☐ Beautiful☐ Masterpiece===[ Requirments: ]===☐ Minimum☑ Medium☐ Fast☐ High end===[ Difficulty: ]===☐ Easy☑ Medium☐ Hard ===[ Game time/length ]===☐ Really short ( 0 - 2 hours)☐ Short ( 2 - 8 hours)☐ Few hours ( 8 - 12 hours)☐ Long ( 12+ hours)☑ Endless===[ Story] ===☑ It doesn't have☐ Average☐ Good☐ Fantastic===[ Bugs ]===☐ Lot of bugs☑ Few Bugs☐ Nothing===[ Others: ]===Multiplayer: YESSingleplayer: YES
pyth	Recommended	4.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/pyth2_0/	After my First look i have to say great.  Nice Missions you can play alone or for all the fun play with friends.The waiting area is filled with little gags and the VO is hillarious.
dex4	Recommended	37.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198019611661/	This game is pure gold. Even in the early stages of developement it's super fun to play and it actually makes you WANT to cooperate and be friendly to your fellow dwarves. Also sharing a cold one after a hard digging is the best thing. Morkite is life.
Hobb_Bomb	Recommended	11.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197995238758/	Wow. And this is early access? Great job so far. My team and I are really looking forward to further updates to this game. The classes could use a little tweaking, and I would like to see more customizations (in both the vanity collections and in the upgrades for your loadouts. Overall, a lot of fun if youve got a team.Minor bugs, like drop pod landing with the door facing a wall. Or the MULE walking through walls to get to the escape pod, making you fend for yourself to escape. Perfect? No. Fun and innovative enough for me and my loser friends. Yeah!
Bob Ross	Recommended	25.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198358738555/	- - -[ Audience: ] - - -☐ Kids☐ Everyone☑ Casual players (I guess it depends on hazard level but didn't select pro because you shouldn't expect to go pro playing this game anytime soon) ☐ Pro players - - - [ Graphics/Animation: ] - - -Potato☐ Really bad☐ Bad☐ OK☐ Good☑ Really good but nothing innovative  ☐ Beautiful☐ Masterpiece- - - [ Price/quality: ] - - -☐ Free☑ Full price☐ Wait for sale☐ Average☐ Refund it if you can☐ Don't do it- - - [ Requirements: ] - - -☐ 90' PC☐ Minimum☑ Medium ☐ Fast☐ High end ☐ NASA computer- - - [ Difficulty: ] - - -☐ You just need 2 arms ☑ Ez                                             {☑ Easy to learn / Hard to master    depends on hazard level☑ Hard                                          }☐ Dark Souls- - - [ Game time/length ] - - -☐ Really short ( 0 - 2 hours)☐ Short ( 2 - 8 hours)☐ Few hours ( 8 - 12 hours)☐ Long ( 12+ hours)☑ Endless- - - [ Story] - - -☑ It doesn't have one☐ Still better than Twilight?☐ Average☐ Good☐ Fantastic- - - [ Bugs ] - - -☐ Game itself is one big BUG☐ Bugs destroying the game☐ Lot of bugs☑ Few Bugs (Nothing major or game breaking, might be annoying but it’s also early access) and few is quite literal as I’ve only encountered 2 or 3 at most.☐ You can use them for speedrun☐ Nothing (I've seen)Summary:Honestly, a really good game. It kind of reminds me of a wave type shooter but definitely is not a wave shooter. If you catch my drift? Also, enemies don’t become harder or easier to kill, but rather stay at the same HP but more enemies may come at you at once depending on hazard level. Also, upgrades actually feel like upgrades, at least in the armour department. Guns honestly don’t seem to drastically improve depending on upgrades but definitely become more fun. Other upgrades to items like flares and such definitely make a difference and make mining more enjoyable. Although, the game is already fun and enjoyable so… it just becomes better and better. Not to mention the community is really nice and people in general are always willing to chat and communicate. Please, help keep it that way! When you play with four people communication is key. Also make sure to press V. By the way, playing solo is fun but don’t be afraid to play online! I could really see someone playing this all the time with their friends and having tons and tons of fun. Rock and stone! 
Deadlift	Recommended	51.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Ninjoe/	These minecraft mods are really getting out of hand
Nuc_Temeron	Recommended	103.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Nuc_Temeron/	Good singleplayer, outstanding multiplayer. The caves are quite different each run, with many sub-biomes in each area. Exploring beautiful realistic cave networks, finding ore veins and mining them, fighting the darkness with tossed flares, all great fun. Everything is deformable so when things explode, craters are left behind.The swarms, particularly on higher difficulty runs, are terrifying. There's big bugs, tiny bugs, exploding bugs, spitting bugs, flying bugs, grabby bugs, tanky bugs, A LOT of types of bugs. The four character classes are unique and compliment each other well. When you have a good team with all 4 classes working together, it's hard to top this game. DRG is the single best game purchase I have made in at least the last year. Go buy it.
NZtankman	Recommended	45.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/tankmannz/	This game is so much fun.  I had a blast.  Literally.  Huge fun with friends which is great as co-op games are really lacking at the moment.  This game is addictive fun.  The characters are really great too and there is a lot of humour in the things that your miners can say to each other.  If you like mining games, you are going to love this.
<('_'<)IvoryWang(>'_')>	Recommended	113.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ivorywang/	About 15 hours of gameplay in and I have to say this game has really impressed me significantly. 
☀ Sunny.M ☀✔	Recommended	89.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198064910840/	Deep Rock Galactic is an early access game on Windows PC and Xbox One that stars a group of dwarves who have to work together to mine certain materials out of the ground.Each character has three light canisters they can throw like grenades, and they recharge with time. Learning how to time your throws with your team — so you can always see what you’re doing while giving everyone a chance to recharge their own supply — is a crucial skill, especially since the game makes it easy to get turned around inside the mine.The Scout class has its own weapon that shoots out a large light source as well, which makes it even more important that your team includes one of every class. Learning how to work together to keep the area illuminated is both important and enjoyable, and it emphasizes how much you have to work together to survive.There’s nothing better, or worse, than looking down a deep chasm, throwing a light canister down and then seeing the light reveal a group of the game’s scurrying, spider-like insects. The importance placed on light and on your management of it helps to remind you at all times that you are deep underground, in a hostile environment — and you’re likely going to die down there.
Antimouse	Recommended	14.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198135913580/	Dwarfs only. Dwarfs at work. Elves are not welcome here. Bye!
RillaDragon	Recommended	25.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198110035289/	Down down underground,Go two Dwarves with rocks to pound.One he heard a shrieking sound,Sounds like a Leech the other found.Spiders biting on our toes,Noxious gasses in our nose,Shoot a bug and up he blows,That's the way our mining goes.Lost my partner to a glitch,Down in caverns black as pitch.He's now laying in a ditch,But I don't care, I'm filthy rich!This pretty much sums up my gameplay of Deep Rock Galactic. While there may not be a lot of content as yet, what there is has a strange addictive quality to it.   The unpredictability of the ever changing procedurally generated landscapes is what gives this game, for me, a terrifying charm. Just when I think I have the hang of it, (which translates as managing to complete a mission without dying once) and I confidently venture forth into another beautifully rendered cavern, a swarm of arachnids swallows me up in a sea of spiky legs and chomping fangs.   Playing with a partner is also no guarantee of success, as my friend will attest to...though to be fair we do seem to spend a lot of time trying to knock each other off cliffs and into fire pits.   In summery, this game while still needing work, is an excellent addition to my collection of fun and rewarding games to play. I look forward to future updates and content, but in the meantime please excuse me while I go pack my pickaxes and bug repellent..theres GOLD in them thar hills!        
Verifying Name	Recommended	5.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/VerifyingName/	Rock and Stone!
Ohngesicht	Recommended	9.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197987111776/	Went to open a lobby with my friend. 2 randoms joined in. Out of f***ing nowhere a 5th guy was able to join. So we were running around as a 5-man team. Was pretty awesome! Going back to the space rig everyone could move around freely, except the fifth guy, that poor dude was stuck in the drop pod. EA is 10/10 <3
(N☆G) Jackal ★JJ★	Not Recommended	9.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197970916475/	Update: Kick feature has been worked to be more forgiving and less abusive. That being said that addresses one of the two major issues I had with the game. The second being for its $25 dollar price tag, I can't recommend the game. First off, I understand fully that it is an Early Access.... okay so? Subnatuica Early Access adjusted its price multiple times, I paid $15 dollars when it first came to light and it actually FELT like it held the content and potential, I would even say each time it changed it price it STILL felt like it earned its value.. The Forest, was $15 dollars and I could see how it can be expanded upon and it felt it was worth its price. But for $25 dollars what you get is 4 classes, 1 of them literally has nothing unique going for it other than it saves you time digging. All the other classes feel useful and like you need them in order to fully function effectively. With that out of the way here is where the big issue lies. Every map feels the same. Yeah okay. I get it they are 'randomly' made so no two should be the same but they all FEEL the same. Most of the game types aren't fun, I only found two of them really fun and one of them is like a mini base you defend and turn supplies into. With all of that out of the way, again the game IS fun. Just not $25 dollars fun and I can easily recommend many other 4 person coop games with a lot more depth and content for the same price. I will say this though, this game offers a very unique idea and I really hope they hone in on it further and make it feel less like a No Mans Sky sense of randomness because even though it offers randomly designed maps, they really all feel the same with just different skins on them.-Original Review-Game is pretty overall fun. There are a few issues I have with the price being $25 dollars though, I think at most it's a $15 dollar game as it stands. My negative review is solely... and I mean solely on the fact that if you aren't planning on hosting your own game or having your personal friend hosting a game you most likely will be feeling kick abuse.... a lot. One of the forum moderators has made it pretty clear they have no intentions in using a majority vote system for kick and intend to always leave host in charge of instantly kicking people. This results in heavy abuse. You just spent somewhere between 5 and 40 mins on a mission and are at the extraction? To bad. Host didn't like you for whatever reason and kicked you from the game meaning you earn nothing at all. Not playing a class the host wants you to play? Too bad, you will most likely get kicked. Until this system is reworked to match most successful 4 person coop games like L4D, Vermintide, Gears of Wear, Borderlands, Gauntlet, etc etc where a majority vote is needed to remove people this game will always have its kick feature abused by trolls.Other than that, it is a fun game. Classes are fun, Driller class feels a bit underwhelming and doesnt bring anything much to the table and a lot of people agree but if you voice anything slightly negative on the forum the moderator I talked about will come in and basically tell you you are playing the game wrong. (Nothing wrong, he has a right to take pride and support his game but constantly defending every little complaint made about the game makes people feel like you can't talk bad about the game or you will be banned from the forum - Hasn't happened simply just feels that way)I'd only be willing to change my review to postive if Kick feature is reworked and game is either cheaper or have a lot more content added to justify a $25 dollar game. (To give you an idea for $5 dollars more you can get Vermintide 2 a VASTLY better game in terms of content, level design, characters, classes, weapons etc etc so why is this game so much for a few different themed maps that all start meshing together in how it feels overall and a few different types of objectives....)List of threads about kick system:http://steamcommunity.com/app/548430/discussions/1/1696040635919332754/http://steamcommunity.com/app/548430/discussions/1/1696040635915233323/http://steamcommunity.com/app/548430/discussions/1/1696040635918500785/http://steamcommunity.com/app/548430/discussions/1/1696040635918061819/http://steamcommunity.com/app/548430/discussions/1/1696040635916284023/http://steamcommunity.com/app/548430/discussions/1/1696040635915976006/http://steamcommunity.com/app/548430/discussions/1/1696040635915249300/http://steamcommunity.com/app/548430/discussions/1/1696040635916599143/http://steamcommunity.com/app/548430/discussions/1/1696040635916303694/http://steamcommunity.com/app/548430/discussions/1/1696040635916137265/There are more than these, just showing a few and how often the topic comes up.@Soren - Captain of Ghost ShipI am alittle more relieved that it is being looked into.I dont think compensation would work because if my friend and I run duos and one of us gets down and then the other is getting swarmed, I can kick him to ensure he still gets stuff. So I dont see that working that well.Better communication, I don't know what that is suppose to entail.Lock down vote kicking after drop pod is called would make people call drop pod the second it comes down more which can be pretty annoying. If you make it so more than 1 person has to do it, that would still make the host panic and kick people or simply still troll.Private servers things would be a better solution cause a lot of the kicks are issues with people trying to have private servers.Vote-kicking would be your best bet. Yeah, joiners can become trolls but it is RARE. From my Xbox years on Gears of War horde, Borderlands 1 and 2, Left 4 Dead 1 and 2, Gauntlet games and my PC years of those along with Vermintide 1 and 2 and a few other 4 person coop games I probably have well over 5,000 hours (this is a low ball number) and have come across trolls like that VERY seldom. And you know what can be made to fix that? A report system. If two people want to troll a game together, they are going to do it more than once. Multiple reports for the same thing you can just ban them put add an 'avoid player' feature making it harder for them to get matched up into games if more than 1 person is avoiding them.Although this still isn't discussing why the game is $25 dollars with far less content than other games of this nature, I would be more willing to change my review to not reflect how much of an issue the kick system currently is.
arefx	Recommended	39.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/arefx/	One of the most solid early access games I've tried.  It already has what some companies would consider a full games worth of content, its well optimised, and its fun.  This game is definitely a mix of TF2 and L4D.  It's easy to pick up but can get challenging at times.  All around a great game to play with friends!
Hamsalad	Recommended	14.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jamsalad/	Super fun game so far. L4D meets mining and upgrades. Game is still in EA, can't wait to see what content is added in the future.
ViperClaw	Recommended	165.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198043300872/	This game is almost as full of bugs as Vermintide 2, but this time in a literal and good sense.It is perfect to play in small doses, with some friends.Usually i'm not a friend of Early Access at all, but in my opinion, this game is one of the really great exceptions in an ocean full of greed and scams. The developers come up with very regular and significant updates almost every month and listen closely to community feedback aswell to carve the best possible experience.It's pretty polished already and shows so damn much potential. I like it a lot.
Clueless	Recommended	13.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198026506133/	The game is something unique to be sure: procedurally generated, fully destructible maps, horde mode and dwarves.I am recommending this game on the grounds that the basics are all there, the devs now just need to make it more varried and provide more content for this beautiful base.There's not much to do right now, and once you've finished 2 missions you've seen everything this game has to offer. If you're worried, I'd say hold off for now, the updates they're churning out are taking it in the right direction!Bring friends.
Sly	Recommended	46.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/slywraith/	Battle mining(craft).Underground Alien Swarm.Left For Ore.If you liked some or all parts of the games above, you'll probably like Deep Rock Galactic. Runs well, minimal bugs (I didn't personally encounter any, but Early Access and YMMV), and has pretty good netcode. So, from a technical standpoint, recommended.As for the game itself: it's part shooter, part miner, part puzzle game. Puzzle game? Well, your ammo is limited by what you bring and available ore on the map, so you can't dawdle forever or the horde will eventually consume your team. That means traversing the maze-like caverns requires efficient use of time, which means you need to choose the right tools at the right time. Sometimes that means using the gunner's zipline, the engineer's platform gun, or the driller's dual drill-arms to create a path. It's not necessarily a proper puzzle, but it does present a welcome element of strategy aside from the gunplay. It works especially well when you find yourself fighting a 360 degree battle on all axis while carefully descending a vertical shaft.Leap down quickly using spaced steps from the platform gun? Remember - you'll have to climb back out!Zip line from side to side? Very slow and controlled, but you'll be vulnerable if you're not at a tactical advantage.Drill! Fast and stable, but your Driller's drill is a weapon too, and using it too much to create a path will deplete their ability to fight effectively.As a last resort, a dwarf always has their trusty pick! Doubles as a weapon, just not a great one.The visuals are still in development (I hope), but it's not *entirely* displeasing to the eye. It's Early Access, after all. But, that's a passing complaint.I recommend this game, it's got nowhere to go but down. Deeper. Greedier. More dwarfy.Get rich or die trying.
MadeOfCheeze	Recommended	4.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198059677515/	Very nice space dwarf simulator, exploding giant alien bugs and collecting ores. Would grapple everywhere as batdwarf again.
MindHorn	Recommended	3.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198199790850/	Been waiting on a good coop game for a while. It looks good, runs great ... 140fps on a potato. It’s not a BR game so buy it.
Dye	Recommended	312.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198087948274/	Wow, this game is a blast.  Better with buddies, and the maps are gorgeous.  No maps feel the same,  and it is challenging...especially on higher difficulties.   Best of all, devs seem to be listening to the community. Would totally recommend,  one of the best new games.
thrAsher	Recommended	29.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/rehsarht/	A one trick pony that has very little to offer outside of a very basic game loop. If you run a single mission you will have seen everything this game has to offer at this point, outside of how the different classes play. There are very few things to upgrade or purchase at the moment and the crafting materials you need to do so are dolled out very sparingly. There is a good foundation here for a fun co-op game, but it needs a lot of work to get there. I can see why the devs have said they plan to be in early access for a year to two years - there's just not a whole lot here right now. I feel that in my less than 10 hours of game time so far I have seen a lot of the same old in terms of map generation. The random generation is more akin to Warframe's tile system, and while superficially one mission might feel a bit different than the next, overall there's nowhere near as much diversity in map design as you might expect. I feel like eventually DRG might be worth a purchase, but right now it's a rather barebones experience.UPDATE 6/27/18: Decided to revisit DRG and can happily report there is a lot more meat to the game. Maps feel more varied, mostly do to new biome specific hazards. The new perk system adds a bit of variety to builds and gives you more reasons to play and upgrade classes you might otherwise ignore. New enemies add more variety and the game looks and plays even better now. Definitely heading in the right direction, even if development is a bit slower than some EA titles.
Smoey	Recommended	93.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197982456724/	This game is getting better all the time.From day one it ran like a top. No lag, No stutter, great connections. They really focused on having a game that worked well, and does it ever!Since then updates have been slow and steady with bugs left in the dirt behind you. New areas, new enemies, great new cosmetics and upgrades along with the new Perk system (kind of like a skill tree)it's better yet. Its great fun and has a nice hazard system for difficulty and along with that "length" + "Complexity" (how complex the caves are.....Very complex, to put it lightly. There's something for everyone in this brainchild of L4D meets minecraft meets.....something new, something nice. I find myself putting in 2-3 games a night and I couldnt be happier with my purchase.
-Fish-	Recommended	18.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/rgnfishsticks/	Take L4D cooperative play, couple that with the EDF 4.1 bug hunt, and add in a pinch of mining from Minecraft and you have DRG.I was a closed Alpha tester and I must say the EA version of DRG improves on it's foundation in almost every way.  I will write more as I play more but this is a solid EA launch.  Everything actually works and haven't encountered any bugs.  The network code is top notch, the optimization is great, and most importantly the fun factor is off the chart. Do yourself a favor and pick this up.
Husaren	Recommended	1.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198120548619/	===[ ❤ Audience: ]===☐ Kids☐ Everyone☑ Casual players☐ Pro players===[ ☼ Graphics: ]===☐ Potato☐ Really bad☐ Bad☐ OK☐ Good☑ Beautiful☐ Masterpiece===[ $ Price/quality: ]===☑ Full price☑ Wait for sale☐ Average☐ Refund it if you can☐ Don't do it☐ Free===[ ☢ Requirments: ]===☐ 90' PC☐ Minimum☑ Medium☐ Fast☐ High end☐ NASA computer===[ ☼ Difficulty: ]===☐ You just need 2 arms☐ Ez☑ Easy to learn / Hard to master☐ Hard (first few hours)☐ Dark Souls===[ ۞ Game time/length ]===☐ Really short ( 0 - 2 hours)☐ Short ( 2 - 8 hours)☐ Few hours ( 8 - 12 hours)☑  Long ( 12+ hours)☑ Endless===[ ⌬ Story] ===☐ It doesn't have☑ Still better than Twilight☐ Average☐ Good☐ Fantastic
Ordmaer, Baron of the Flame	Recommended	19.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198819662056/	Really fun, one of those games that is easy to just get right into another game.
DuneC00n	Recommended	25.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198358908238/	Very good game. I get that it's still in early access but the game could use more types of enemies. The number of enemies is fine but it's the same ones. Maybe have different enemies for the different areas. Also I would like to see a class modification thing. Instead of having the same weapons the entire time maybe have each class have multiple weapons that they unlock when they level up. But overall I'd give it an 8.5/10
P00NM00N IS NAPPING	Recommended	36.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198062643678/	Cool little game and hopefully the start of something special as there are a lot of really compelling elements goin'on here:-* Digging & mining for gold* Swarms* Exploration* Escaping* Short LegsParticulallylyly pleasing is the feel of the axe hitting the material in question.  Hitting gold versus sugar versus rock 'feels' different.  However, It seems the devs are listening to a niche group of players on Discord and tweaking things they shouldnt.  Hopefully, they will listen to the bulk of the gamers and revert / not knee jerk into further silly changes (shields boys, across all difficulty levels, wTeeEff were you thinking??!?)So, this could be a total gem, or it could devolve into a right nugget.  At the mo, defo worth your pennies especially if unlike me you have real friends.  My friend is Jesus and for the son of god, he's pretty rubbish at DeepRockGal.
GuyTht	Recommended	41.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198012417355/	Fantastic 4 player Co-Op experience. Missions are about the right length to sit down and play for those of us that don't have an infinite amount of time. Missions are fairly varied in their environments if not yet their objectives.Each mission runs about 30 - 50 minutes to complete.I'm having a blast with this game so far and I'm eager to see where it goes 
Praxis	Recommended	21.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197993646347/	Dig-Dug Bug Hunt is a superlative game. A co-op mining adventure into the depths of [insert planet name here] with friends usually goes one of two ways: "let's at least remain friends IRL" or "swell". It's an Early Access title so do expect a few hiccups here and there. There's definitely enough meat in the game to start eating though.
Mr Postman	Recommended	17.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TheBubbleTank/	This game is amazing for being still in early access. Nice change from all these early access games that are unplayable. Honestly game is amazing as it is. Future road map makes it even better. This game is definitely worth more than its listed price. Bearly any bugs, voice lines are good, good progression and it's going to get better. Also, the game is pretty chill and action packed at the same time. Defo buy it.
Partial Noobity	Recommended	50.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198074706866/	I will start by saying i love this game... Pros: -vary well developed for teamwork -good amount of content -cool shooter miner hybrid -quite fun with friends.-friendly players Cons:-dose not update as much as I was expecting from an early access game.-small updates, when it dose update they are sooper small and are mostly balence related and do not ad more content.-no clear goal to work twords-no clear goal from development team as to what will happen in the futureOver all: 8/10I expect to see more updates  (and hopefully better bigger onces) as the development team nails down exactly what they plan to do with this game. It is in a good playable state now and without updates you can exspect a good 40hrs of enjoyable gamepay 
ShinySteelix	Recommended	44.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ShinySteelix/	This game. What can I say about how amazing it is. If it didn't say Early Access, I would easily be fooled that this was a full release game. It's so well made. It's got next to zero bugs, unless you count what you're constantly fighting. The game is so well-made I am actually considering buying Supporter Upgrade because I just feel like I cheated the developers since I got it for so cheap. I'd easily drop 60 bucks on this game as it is now. If this early access is anything to consider what the full game will be like? This will easily be one of the best games on Steam. I got this game expecting a fairly good game, but not fully finished. What I got completely exceeded my expectations. I didn't expect anything like what I got.And if the developers are somehow reading this: Please. Keep up the good work. This game is beautiful, and I love this game. It's definetly in the top 10 of best games I've ever played even as it is now. I'm excited for the full release. But damn, this is amazing. Especially for early access.
General Plastro	Recommended	31.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/generalplastro/	The unofficial Warhammer 40k Squats vs Tyranids game! :D
Mathroy	Recommended	54.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Mathroy/	I nominated this as Game of the Year for the Steam Awards 2018.It already is a beautiful game filled with content and polish.
Vermilicious	Recommended	119.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/vermilicious/	I was a bit skeptical about this game, and it didn't really appeal that much to me. Boy, was my impression wrong.This game is basically about mining expeditions on an alien planet. There are several different kinds of expeditions, but the most basic thing is collecting resources of various kinds, and defeating aliens of course. For each play-through, a map is generated, and can range from fairly linear to really complex cavern systems linked together in surprising ways, and some rooms can be enormous. This makes every play-through feel unique.The best part is you can play with up to three friends, or random people of course. There are four different classes available, all with their own special abilities, weaponry and upgrades. They seem well thought-out. No class is useless, and often collaboration is the best way to go about things. There's a pointer tool that helps out a lot in that regard. There aren't really any other kinds of interaction, except calling for attention. There's microphone support however.The game is currently in early access, so things change. Since I first played, several things have been added. Among them are "mutations" for the expeditions, and perk points to name a few important ones.Despite its fairly basic style and being in an Early Access stage, the game is highly enjoyable and addictive. It's just a lot of fun. I'm starting to run out of explicit goals now, but I still play and have fun with it. Who knows what might come in later updates to spice it up. So far so good. Thumbs up from me.And thank you, Mr [Gh0st], for showing this to me!2018-09-20: The developers keep pushing good updates often. And by that I mean actual fixes and truly enjoyable new stuff. That is a rare thing, so it deserves being mentioned!
[AKn] Tenva	Recommended	13.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197995222493/	Aye lad, put on yer best beard, grab yer pickaxe and il be seein' ye in the mines!
NEGA-11	Recommended	24.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/radnation/	You like dwarfs? We got yaYou like mining? We got yaYou like having a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of fun with friends? We got yaYou like being grabed by an unseen threat, getting pulled to the ceiling and being sucked dry of your life? We got yaYou don't like being grabbed and pulled up to the ceiling and prefer to be grabbed from anywhere by a flying♥♥♥♥♥♥bat-insane-♥♥♥♥ing-grapler? WE ♥♥♥♥ING GOT YADeep Rock Management is not responsobile for any damage done to your mental health.Buy it. It's fun.
mark6IKX	Recommended	19.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mark6IKX/	What's better than fighting endless hordes on scarce resources, whilst trying to find and mine your tasks. And to top it off your a dwarf. Well.. Nothing.I've played this game when it was closed Alpha and I loved it back then.The price is an absolute steal and so much fun for what you pay.I was expecting £30ish, so I was pleasantly surprised to see it at only £18.99. Made me evaluate this games worth to me and to get the supporter pack as well.Ghost Ship Games deserve the highest respect for this game, it's pure endless fun and adrenaline... when thing's are not quite going your way. And they keep updating it and fixing it, they are even open for suggestions on ANYTHING.I fully recommend this product and get your friends to buy it too! DON'T EVEN WAIT FOR A SALE. ITS WORTH IT!
Slevin	Recommended	4.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/infeKteDx/	I bought it today, played it for 2.5 hours with a buddy.  We played on "challenging" which is basically "normal" (I think they have 4 difficulty tiers - Challenging is the 2nd one from the bottom) and we kept getting our asses handed to us.  It was frustrating, but also super fun - you keep your exp / money even if you die, so you can upgrade your gear etc.  Pretty fun game so far, I hope they add more content!
Razors Edge	Recommended	7.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/razoreqx/	Really enjoying this game and i'll tell you why. PROI love the depth of the characters weapons, upgrades giving you a reason for more than just rank on the score board. If i dont feel like playing with anyone I can still play single player!   Very key when you dont have friends :PGraphics are wonderful, and the voice acting is top notchIts not just a mining game, the hoard raids will get your blood pumping.Never had to wait long to find a game in CO-OP. CON:The tutorial was a bit confusing at first but I was quickly able to figure out the goalNot really a con but lots of locked rooms and kicks due to new players coming into games not really having a clue what they're doing, messing up the mission.Some steam link issues but im sure this will be worked out with future patches.  
MrSir	Recommended	30.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/RogueLeader-/	Such wonderful Devs, I have not enjoyed a game this much since Subnautica. Thank you for making such an awesome game with all these frequent updates and new content. The diversity of the biomes, how you select mission, level up your perks and upgrade your gear is all so interactive and fun. Absolutely love this game can not give it enough praise!My girlfriend and I love playing this either with ourselves or braving the caves with two other randoms.Thank you!
East	Recommended	16.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/eassst/	Rock and Stone!
CokaCoola	Recommended	34.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/cokacoola/	My Steam friends, and I, have enjoyed our time spent playing this game.
Bielak206	Recommended	37.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/bielak206/	Greate game, one of these 1 gb, gems how i call them. If you like to play beautifull adventure full of Dwarves, Bugs(To kill) and Gold this is game for you.
DJ ShanK	Recommended	6.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Djshank/	Just finished the tutorial and had an absolute blast! I can already tell this is going to be one of my favorite game's. This launch is extremely smooth and the game runs perfectly. The weapons have a great feel too them and the class selection seems to have important parts for each role. Instant purchase! (Will Update Later)
Chanku	Recommended	40.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/8901569/	The co-op of Left for Dead, the swarming bugs reminiscent of the Zerg from Starcraft and the bugs from Starship troopers, and the mining and cave delving like minecraft. It is a perfectly made mincemeat of delicious gameplay with quality classess, a variety of difficulties, different biomes, and a bunch of monsters. With each difficulty of mission the more Zerg-like and brutal the swarms get.If co-op isn't your cup of tea there is a solo mode. However this  game really hinges heavily on the multiplayer dynamic. Luckilly if you were like me and didn't have any friends who had the game, there are plenty of teams you can easily hotjoin of almost any difficulty. If you start your own lobby it'll probably fill up within minutes.Overall, it is pretty amazing for a $25 game, not to mention the continuing development.
Stuffedbrain	Recommended	22.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/stuffedbrain/	This game’s graphics are beautiful. My squad unloading bullets into horde of glyphids illuminated by flares, it was a scene reminiscent of Starship Troopers.Gameplay is well polished. Shooting feels very satisfying, and my great experience despite playing with my friend on the other side of the globe speaks to the quality of the netcode.Each of the four classes bring special tools that come in handy for  the squad. Engineer provides a lot of firepower with his turrets, Gunner and Driller help the squad navigate around the complex cave system with zip lines and drill, and Scout's flare gun will illuminate an entire cavern.Threat of Glyphids will keep you on your toes, and ammunition are scarce. I struggled to consistently carry out a successful mission for the first few hours, yet the missions never felt frustrating or too hard.Variety in objectives, enemies, and upgrades are somewhat lacking so far, but what's to become of this game is excites me.
bamboni	Recommended	14.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/BamanboiYT/	it's fantastic, even in early access
THC** FIREston	Recommended	34.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/fireston/	WOW. Amazing Game. Amazing Devs. Amazing Community. Have mined everything in this game except salt :)10/10
explosivedeer	Recommended	26.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ExplosiveDeer/	This is by far the first ever early access title to ♥♥♥♥ing blow my mind. I have good expectations for this game and I can only hope that the DEVS continue to turn this game into something complete.Yeah, despite having so little time in it thus far, I'd still recommend the purchase. As long as you and atleast 1-2 other friends purchase it with the intent of playing together. Otherwise, I'd recommend making some new friends prior to purchasing so you'll know what to expect, and have people to play it with. Playing solo isn't terribly bad, but it's certainly not the game's strong point.
twitch.tv/schobold	Recommended	3.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198021942979/	left 4 dead/vermintide + minecraft + space dwarves = awesome
that was fast	Recommended	23.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197963396197/	Really fun game!If you enjoy any of the new coop drop in styled games, you will love this! Hang in the ship barracks listening to tunes and kicking around barrels before smashin galactic bug brains and stealing their precious minerals :DI don't understand the negative reviews based solely off trivial things that are to be expected in an Early Access or freshly launched game such as:Key bindings...Push to talk doesn't work, your mic will be voice activated, which can be confusing if you're in Discord with friends and all of a sudden hear a group of people talking (which is crystal clear btw; voice comms are very smooth sounding)Besides these two minor issues, I have had nothing but fun for the first few hours of droppin in and breakin stuff! :D
t.tv/PootisBirds21	Recommended	38.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198377828281/	I had this game when it was in the Beta version and it was awesome! I really think they improved the game a lot and it is more fun now! The one thing is that they do not have a lot of dwarve classes but this is early access so you have to expect that! :)  i am a youtuber
Starcatraz	Recommended	5.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Starcatraz123/	Honestly, this game is fantastic. Teamwork is key, i enjoyed playing with 4 people mining, killing bugs and doing that sort of♥♥♥♥♥♥Altho id like more customization.
Bilbo Baggins Bloke	Recommended	14.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198047679366/	bloody amazing game tbh thought it was gonna bejust a normal left 4 dead kinda game but it really is not its it own game entirley and all i can say it is an amzing experience and i canny wait for the game devs to update this game and make it one heel of an experience  
Mugmug	Recommended	31.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/GNR_Sully/	Dwarves, pickaxes and flamethrowers, what more could you want?Love this game!
that was fast	Recommended	23.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197963396197/	Really fun game!If you enjoy any of the new coop drop in styled games, you will love this! Hang in the ship barracks listening to tunes and kicking around barrels before smashin galactic bug brains and stealing their precious minerals :DI don't understand the negative reviews based solely off trivial things that are to be expected in an Early Access or freshly launched game such as:Key bindings...Push to talk doesn't work, your mic will be voice activated, which can be confusing if you're in Discord with friends and all of a sudden hear a group of people talking (which is crystal clear btw; voice comms are very smooth sounding)Besides these two minor issues, I have had nothing but fun for the first few hours of droppin in and breakin stuff! :D
t.tv/PootisBirds21	Recommended	38.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198377828281/	I had this game when it was in the Beta version and it was awesome! I really think they improved the game a lot and it is more fun now! The one thing is that they do not have a lot of dwarve classes but this is early access so you have to expect that! :)  i am a youtuber
Starcatraz	Recommended	5.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Starcatraz123/	Honestly, this game is fantastic. Teamwork is key, i enjoyed playing with 4 people mining, killing bugs and doing that sort of♥♥♥♥♥♥Altho id like more customization.
Bilbo Baggins Bloke	Recommended	14.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198047679366/	bloody amazing game tbh thought it was gonna bejust a normal left 4 dead kinda game but it really is not its it own game entirley and all i can say it is an amzing experience and i canny wait for the game devs to update this game and make it one heel of an experience  
Mugmug	Recommended	31.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/GNR_Sully/	Dwarves, pickaxes and flamethrowers, what more could you want?Love this game!
Zé do Rifle	Recommended	201.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197994770926/	Best co-op game i've played in a long time.The devs are very active, constantly releasing updates and balances. They listen to the players and are extremely transparent with their goals and roadmaps.10/10 game; 10/10  game studio
Xperteas (xps)	Recommended	58.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/xperteas/	I don't leave game reviews, buuuuut... my brother and I play coop games and there just are never any good coop games that come out. This one looks kinda cheesy but when you get past the looks of it there is a lot of fun to be had. you can make it hard for 2 players and therfore fun. The main thing I like is the polished look and gameplay. Thats amazing for an early acess game, but it feel more finished than some actual finished games out there. It needs content to keep it from being a grind game that gets boring but in the meantime I'm pleased its playable and they will add more content as the game devolops.
GrizzlyOne95	Recommended	3.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/GrizzlyOne95/	Really fun coop game, especially with your buddies! 💘 The emphasis on different classes working together is really cool!Very pretty and smooth game (nice surprise for an EA game).
BRAPULA	Recommended	15.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198051483540/	So good that i would pay 60 for it, needs more guns and levels though, whats there is great but i would say it would be a genuine 10/10 if the devs keep adding new things to the game.
Tsarsquatch	Recommended	13.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/tsarsquatch/	Fat dwarves, lots of mining, great kek10/10 would mine again
wolfknight904	Recommended	65.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198002911983/	Did you love L4D's campaign or wish that space hulk was not trash? Well this takes both and then ask you go deep underground to mine for minerals, and other stuff all while killing bugs and trying not fall to your death. This game rewards you for exploring and punishes you if you are to far from your group. You can play this game solo with a flying bot or with friends/ randoms it also has drop in drop out co-op. This is one of the few early access games that has been flushed out so far not too many game breaking bugs. There are 4 classes Driller,Scout,Gunner and engineer with what looks like more to come. As far as game modes right now its mine X ammount of minerals/gems and kill targets.
Chonto	Recommended	59.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/spiffffips/	DIGGY DIGGY HOLE
Servooo	Recommended	105.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Servooo_MG/	A good old way to beat down stress.... by beating bugs.... alien bugs.
Contessa	Recommended	93.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198074989105/	Love love love the game and all the aspects of it. So glad my brother told me to get this
Doctor Whomst'd've	Recommended	9.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/trar/	I know how it usually is with Early Access, so for me to say this is already a really great game is a bold statement. Well, trust me: this is a really great game. If you've ever pictured a mashup of Minecraft and Left 4 Dead, this is basically it. It's satisfying to mine stuff, it's satisfying to fight off enemies, it's (usually) satisfying to move around - and like all L4D-style games, it's even better with friends. The Gunner class at least will make you feel like you're Hudson in Aliens, except you might not actually die.Add in an awesome sci-fi dwarf aesthetic with great synth music (seriously, how often do you see that?) and you have something that I'd recommend even in Early Access. It's not too punishing to run either, so long as you have a graphics card manufactured within the last ten years; the graphics still look stylish even on low for those of you who haven't upgraded in a while. All it's really lacking from the standpoint of a hypothetical release is stuff for the main hub and some sort of bleedout while incapacitated, but since the devs have been committed to adding more and more stuff to every aspect of the game, I'd say there's still a lot of potential in Deep Rock Galactic. Rock and stone, to the bone.
Phantom Spaceman!	Recommended	27.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197970741883/	Imagine you're doing a deep dungeon delve in minecraft with three of your buds but replace all the mobs with the bugs from Starship Trooper.Yeah, this game is fantastic!
Wing	Recommended	20.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/dumbidiotyeah/	Early Access Review
Ms. Sassy Cat	Recommended	12.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/flaming-and-fabulous/	For an early access game this is already turning around great! Not a ton to do at the moment sadly and very limited upgrades, but that will change as the devs continue to add more things to play around with. Mining minerals feels very rewarding as you watch the valuable counter go up closer to your goal. It's always exciting to find rare minerals used for crafting upgrades and cosmetics. The combat is fairly solid too. Not a huge amount of a enemy variety just yet, but the swarms feel like real swarms and the constant knowledge that every singe bullet and item use is limited makes it feel very survival-y. There are a few bugs to worry about so far, but not many game crashers or ruiners from what I have seen. The biggest worry you might have right now is getting into a game, some people tend to be pretty kick happy to lower level players, but that is kind of expected from any game. Overall I give it a 4/5! Great game to play with a party or friends!
Chillnaga	Recommended	164.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ChillNaga/	Early Access Review
McDickens	Recommended	1.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/adamoliverjones/	WOW!  Gimli would be proud of what his offspring have acheived 1,000 years in the future!Fun, engaging and all together a new experience to any other game I have played.Grab 3 mates by the scruffs of their beards and prepare to spend a great night together digging, swearing, mining, drinking, digging and digging!10/10
GrinR	Recommended	27.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197960666064/	Already awesome, going to get moreso.  BRING YOUR FRIENDS.
Crazy88	Recommended	14.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198082151427/	Is this game worth the $25 price tag? Definitely!Lots of fun co-op; Astroneer meets Killing Floor, with the a cut back version of Warframe's resource grinding. *Very* well optimized with charming graphics. No bugs that I've noticed. Small weapons/skills tree so far, but huge potential here. Can be played with less than 4 players if you prefer to play with a friend or two instead of grouping with randoms.
idojenkem	Recommended	112.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198030783350/	Rock and stone, brothers!  There just isn't anything else out there like it.  Gear up for space dwarf mining action: gold; guns; bugs; things exploding all around you as you frantically rush to get back to the drop pod before it takes off without you!DRG is by far the most fun I have ever had in any 4-person co-op gaming.*I tried to make this review succint and to the point, but I so very often find myself leaving a play session and wanting to come back to add more of what are my overabundance of good feelings and things to say about Deep Rock Galactic.  Something that really sticks out to me, as someone who has played a lot of games in development, is that I don't think that I have ever felt so much a part of a generally unified community as I do here with DRG.  Not only are the devs here extremely hands-on in the forums and with the roadmap updates, but they are also both very friendly and very inspiring people.  Not only do I love DRG for the gaming experience it provides, but I love being a part of DRG in a broader sense, and I so believe in and support what these guys are doing, aiming above the horizon, exceeding expectations and then aiming even higher with the next round.  This team is a paradigm of exceptional game design and development.  I love Deep Rock Galactic.
Rip van winkle	Recommended	65.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198028012660/	Damn man, the squad has been looking for a 4 player game to join together and DRG delivers the goods, I love the characterisation of the dwarfs and their general grumpyness, the light physics of every flare you have to throw, the feel of the LMG as you mow a crowd of bugs down, beside your miner buddy burning all those chafe bugs and the scout deciding to play big game hunter with the pretorian bugs (mini tank buggers) truely worth the full 25 bucks.
Slate	Recommended	253.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/therealslate/	This game is a gem, good controls good mechanics.  Runs fluid online nice smooth gameplay, and can get very challenging.  It definitely gives you that rush feeling when getting back to the drop ship trying to follow Molly when hordes of nasty alien bugs are chasing you down and blocking your path.  There are mellow moments when all is well mining up resources and dropping into Molly's cache, then things can sour real fast if you're not prepared.  The game always keeps you on edge, playing conservatively is key regarding ammo.  You can call in resupply drops though when you have enough Nitra to replenish your ammo. Four character classes each with their own unique tools and weapons that play a very beneficial role in completing your objectives.  The procedurally generated levels are gorgeous, and some very challenging.  This game for an early access game feels so good, easily one of the best early access games I have in my library. Some very intense moments, some very funny moments and all around great fun with friends.  You can also play solo and get a helper bot that can mine for you and revive you when you fall.  I would recommend playing with friends or online though, you can progress much faster and have more fun. Missions seem to randomally generate as well, you can select the difficulty to go with it.  One nice thing about this is there are four classes, but if someone chooses a specific class it's not locked out, you can all play as the same class if you wanted to. I picked up the supporters upgrade because I want to see this game's developement move smooth and help the devs in any way possible.  Ghost Ship Games are very talented devs, this game is excellent.  Also with supporters upgrade you get a nice set of gold shiny armor for each class along with a badge next to your in game name.  Support these devs!!  They are making a great game!Rock & Stone!
Lil Pump	Recommended	12.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Zackmcwilly/	Honestly fun but can get boring fast. Tbh they need to add more ways to customize the experience like new weapons on each character
Be Blue !	Recommended	22.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/222706/	Good game but the minecraft/L4D reviews are far away from what the game actually is.You land in a cave, you dig in a cave for some materials while aliens swarm you, you run out of ammo and call for airdrop, you then run back like 200 meters towards the direction you came while an infinite spawn comes at you within 5 minutes.
Thrasharrl	Recommended	7.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Thrasharrl/	Lure big lava bug to room full of explosive plants. Detonate C4. Crashes game. 10/10 would beard again.
jakubnech	Recommended	249.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/LunaRising/	Early Access Review
Geyser Ooffff	Recommended	2.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198002461200/	Amazing game and worth every penny! If you really enjoy the game I suggest buy the motherload editon to support further this game and the company 10/10 :D :D amazing gameplay and finally a game where you can mine and shoot aliens with friends :D :D
Vash(88)	Recommended	522.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jbaketkd/	4 player co-op at it's finest!  This game packs a wallop in a small package.  Random map generation, l4d like action, balanced classes that beg teamwork, and just all around fun gameplay.https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1363747503This isn't another survival sandbox early access with a bunch of nameless updates that make the game worse.  This game is the filet mignon of early access.  Clean and smooth gameplay, well optimized, regular updates, developer communication, and a clear goal that is being achieved before us.I must also mention the  devs.  Come across as good peeps that just want to make a fun co-op game.  Great communication; great updates... just all around fun people https://steamcommunity.com/app/548430/discussions/1/1693795812291501765/Sorry to use a cliché, but everything this game tries to do, it does very very well.  If I could get on top of a mountain and shout its name I would, but I only have steam... Go get this game.  This is early access done right!https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1359511688 
DJ Splendid	Recommended	212.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197969942884/	Tremendously fun combinatation of Minecraft, Payday and Left For Dead.No (extra) cybersec risk from dodgy so-called anti-cheat.FOV adjustable to 110 (vertical I think).Mouse input is solid but there's an annoying bias for more sensitivity on the X axis.The frikkin keys are not rebindable (ffs). I am infamously intolerant of oversights like this and yet I am still enjoying the game: a very rare situation.If you are even remotely interested to the point you're reading reviews, buy it without hesitation.
Exhanbuni	Recommended	17.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/steamxanbunny/	*THIS GAME IS IN EARLY ACCESS*So far I am enjoying the game and how the developers are connecting with the community. I won't go into details about every different aspect but this is mainly to say that the game so far is already fun and feels polished enough to be worth at least close to it's, if not it retail price. The only reason the game is even out right now is so the developers can connect with the community so as we play suggestions, thoughts & feelings can be sent to the devs to help make this game amazing.Give it a chance, tend to it, let it grow and here you might just have an amazing game.
JD	Recommended	24.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jdtheking/	Played some single player and really liked how easy yet fun it was to pick up. Great art style while keeping is super easy on people ♥♥♥♥♥♥ machines. Solid gameplay even though I only did a half hour in single play I found myself not bored when I usually only care about FPS style multiplayer games not single FPS style games. Anyway great game so far I say get it.UPDATE:This game is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome. I bought the skins package just to help the developer. So fun and enjoyable I wish I could give it a higher rating
jakubnech	Recommended	249.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/LunaRising/	Early Access Review
Geyser Ooffff	Recommended	2.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198002461200/	Amazing game and worth every penny! If you really enjoy the game I suggest buy the motherload editon to support further this game and the company 10/10 :D :D amazing gameplay and finally a game where you can mine and shoot aliens with friends :D :D
The Punisher	Recommended	20.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ThePunisher57/	Amazing fun.
Tabajara	Recommended	23.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/tabajara77/	Really recommend this gorgeous game. It's fun, challenging, beautiful visuals and atmosphere that I couldn't ask for more! Be sure to play with your best friend(s) and start mining!
7Eleven	Recommended	6.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198366671220/	R E D S U G A R
Christmas Incarnate	Recommended	5.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198075030645/	really fun to play with friends, solid mechanics, and unique graphics. Highly reccommend if you have friends to play with.
PeTrAk0S	Recommended	39.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198109314762/	Space dwarves extracting minerals from an alien bug-infested planet for an abusive interplanetary mining corporation. Engaging exploration, top notch gameplay, hard-at-work devs, awesome visuals, immersive soundtrack, and incredible charisma and atmosphere. Expect lots of booze, bugs, explosions, and entertaiment.Overall: Very highly recommend playing this game, especially if you enjoy/tolerate mild grinding.If you end up buying the game and enjoy it, consider buying the supporter edition to help the small dev team develop this game into it's final version. Cheers.
ToneyMo	Recommended	4.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Gamingwithtonymo/	Early Access Review
LuFona	Recommended	125.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198131486908/	Cave Leech Feeding Simulator 2018salt/10
FlipFTW	Recommended	274.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ChocoIdle/	Game has big bugs. 10/10  
ANPA.US	Recommended	2.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/anpaus/	My bro asked me if I could buy him this game. I said I am a little short. https://youtu.be/5u2IIeow6qQ 
King' 🎭	Recommended	67.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Senioritis67789/	l4d had sex with minecraft, pls buy it
ForkMySocket	Recommended	42.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198057155024/	Unlike most FINISHED big studio games I've played lately, this early access game actually feels like a full, complete game. It's got great core gameplay, and the procedurally generated caves, multiple mission types, player progression system, cosmetic unlocks, four classes to try, and seven unique biomes give this game LOADS of replayability. Not to mention that the developers have been churning out lots of new content and bugfixes at a rate that puts other early access titles to shame.So if you've read the game's description or watched the videos, and it seems like something you might enjoy- it is. And if it doesn't look like something you'd enjoy, it probably is anyway. Seriously, just buy this game.
Hobo	Recommended	10.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198067666498/	If you liked Left4dead or Vermintide you will probably also like this, I know i did!
SeaKraken	Recommended	16.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198009313707/	In every way possible this is a prime example of early access done right. The developers are focusing more on quality over quanity which is something that not enough EA devs focus on. This is a total better with friends type coop game, my first mission with friends took us to a deep dark cavernous cave, hardly knowing what to do we walked around looking for the precious material Morkite, but the planet had other plans for us, immediately after finding our first vine of Morkite we heard there was a swarm coming for us, we really didn't know what to expect but damn. It was literally something right out of Starship Troopers, giant bugs came out of all spots of the cave, they came out of the walls, came out of the ceiling, came out of the floor, we were totally surrounded we quickly ran out of ammo and had no clue how to get Nitra which is a material needed for calling down supply drops eventually we found some and restocked. We gunned down a countless number of bugs and eventually called down our extraction. Once you finish your objective you're not exactly in the clear, you gotta fight your way to the drop pod. Getting to the drop pod is probably my favorite part of this game since you only have 5 mins to do so, so any aliens you come in contact with can really limit your time to get back to and that pod is leaving with or without you. Deep Rock doesn't care that you and your fellow Dwarves just did all their hard work, they just want the materials, My friend playing as the miner dug us a hole straight up to the drop pod but that strategy isn't the best, bugs immediately crawled into the hole making it impossible to run away, we had to stand our ground and thin their numbers, we wound up making it on the drop pod with only seconds to spare, we looked at the score screen and realized that this mission just took us a full hour to complete and the best part is that it was considered a tier 1 mission, so basically the easiest least complex caves in the game. After that we started getting used to how things work and have been running all the more complex missions. This game really is incredible and I can't wait to see where early access takes it, already having a ton of fun playing this through so can't wait to see more content
God	Recommended	14.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198171067849/	Issa Good Game
TinXe	Recommended	5.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/tinxe/	still figuring it out.  Im rating early because of all the broken server reviews.  The few hours i played i had no problem filling up my loby within seconds.  game is fun, seems to be a lot of people not using mics which sucks.
TopHatPenguin	Recommended	27.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198069641910/	Ever wanted to go fight bugs in the hive tunnels on klendathu? well now you can.
BasscannonTv	Recommended	36.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198004436345/	I thought it was over. i leveled up everything there was... hen they updated...keep the updates coming.i really hate when multiplaywer dwindles....this game was. and still is better and more entertaining then left 4 dead.... but we need this thing activeTHANK YOUUUUUUUU DEVVVVVVSSSSS
Mr Funny Shoes	Recommended	4.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197968561597/	A well optimised, fun co-op game. Fun to play solo too with Bosco for help. 4 different classes have a nice variety of weapons/gadgets. Voice acting could be better but it's not horrendous. Overall a very nice game. No buyer's remorse. Also, Molly <3
=7Cav=SPC.Druhm.V	Recommended	152.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/partymaster/	I don't see myself putting this game down anytime soon. It has great re-playability and there may not be a whole lot of different types of missions(about 5 or 6) but they're in different area's of the planet you as dwarfs mine on so the randomness and generation of the maps almost make it seem like endless possibilities and exploring. 4 different class systems that are extremely fun to play and area all extremely crucial to playing, not having a full diverse team can feel like a pretty bad hinderance at times unless your a lone wolf and play single player, then you get this all purpose robot that almost does everything for you. Its a good game, I reccommend it. 8/10its also only early access which makes it even better so that only means there's more to come and I can't wait to see what else they're going to add.
Smidge	Recommended	18.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198066674660/	Early Access Review
GUY "SECRET SAUCE" FIERI	Recommended	75.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198027119357/	If you're looking for a fun and dynamic game that also incorporates critical thinking to a degree then this is the game for you. Deep Rock Galactic is great to play with your friends and is a very team centered game. The four different classes all bring a unique feature to the table, this means that if you want a "W" you gotta work together with your team (especially in harder difficulties). Great examples of this are seen when trying to reach isolated resources sometimes hundreds of feet above on the ceiling or traversing the many chasms and crevices of the caverns. The levels are all randomly generated so you don't have to worry about playing the same maps over and over. I also would like to tip my hat to the development team for constantly incorporating fixes, updates, and new content to keep the game everchanging and interesting. It should also be noted that the community is pretty friendly and fun to play with.I have very little negative things to say about this game, but it does have its shorcomings. If you find yourself in a lobby with people who don't pull their weight in harder missions you will likely repeatedly be wiped as on the harder difficulties this game really requires people to hold their own (not so much a problem with the game but something that shouldn't discourage people from playing more, sh*t happens).Overall I think it's a great game and would reccomend it to anyone with a group of friends or even solo players who want to play something fun and inexpensive. I think it's well worth the money!
0DarkIron	Recommended	4.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Destroyer833/	10/10 Some missions have so many bugs it's practily unplayable. (Without better upgrades)
RICH-urd	Recommended	99.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/rich-urd/	This game right here is  example of how Early Access should be. Game is amazing and blew my socks right off lol. If you are looking for a great coop game look no further.
FuriousShrimp	Recommended	33.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198088573955/	Even though i have limited play time, i still can saw those few words:Works more solid than most triple A titles at launch.Great banter.Great with mates.Great levels and level design.20 bucks well spent.Cheers.
Smar19z	Recommended	35.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Smar19z/	This game is very fun, especially with friends. It also has great potential and hope to see more added to this game.
ThePCGamer	Recommended	5.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/thepcgamer101/	 DISCLAIMER: This is a first impressions review, and NOT a full review  PLEASE NOTE: This review is/was written when this game was in/is still in Early Access. Think twice before buying/playing this game Deep Rock Galactic is a game developed by Ghost Ship Games and published by Coffee Stain PublishingThis game is a fun 4-player co-op game in which you dig, dig and dig and get wads of cash, plain and simpleFun to play alone, but even better with friends which sadly I don't haveThe graphics are really pretty, the music is nice and the game offers loads of character and personality with each different class you pick and the game offers a lot even though it is still in Early AccessYou should definitely give this game a go in it's current state, it's loads of fun! RECOMMENDED :)  NOMINATED FOR  THE "BETTER WITH FRIENDS" AWARD  FOR THE STEAM AWARDS 2018  REVIEW SOURCES:  None 
Tibby	Recommended	6.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SPowers/	Pretty Good!
DJKASMA	Recommended	32.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198084630040/	I recommend this game for several reasons. The graphics/art style are beautiful. I get 200+ FPS steady with all settings maxed out (i7 4790k and GTX 1070). The smoothness with which the game runs is amazing. Everything feels responsive and fluid. The sound, music, and voice acting are very good as well. Not only does the game shine aesthetically and technically, the gameplay is also fun and intuitive while requiring meaningful teamwork. The different weapons and gadgets the different classes have complement each other very well. The levels are fascinating to explore, the combat is as difficult as you want it to be, and mining gold (or carving your way through rock walls) with a pickaxe is great fun. All in all, this is the most polished early access game I've ever played. It is the new gold standard for early access, and an innovator in the genre of coop FPS games. Well done GSG, I can't wait to spend many hours playing Deep Rock Galactic.
ChaoticFury790	Recommended	11.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ChaoticFury790/	Very good cooperative game that is fun to play with friends for hours on end.
Dahitman	Recommended	20.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/dahitman/	Early Access Review
magmakiller14	Recommended	61.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198383749866/	i havent had this much fun since left4dead. best game ever. 10/10. love it.
BerserkGravy	Recommended	53.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/BerserkGravy/	If you like holes like I like holes, i'd recommend it.
Puri✟y	Recommended	7.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/senkamaggot/	When I saw that game first, I thougt that it will disappoint me: still, this is an "early access". But I was really wrong!You are the dwarf. You statement- It's go down to the cave and get the necessary resources. You have four active class of dwarf : berserk, engineer, scout and driller. Every class haves individual weapon and ammunition. Team work - this is the way to success! You can upgrade you weapon and buy new trappings for you character. However, I think the prices are too high.The caves haves random generation. And this is cool, when you never play in the same caves. The cave is inhabited by various kinds of hostile life forms. Some of them eventually gather in a swarm, forcing you to fight off violently. Summing up I will tell that this game while lacks content, but already now it looks quite adequately.
Antoos^	Recommended	15.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/valk25/	Havent had this much fun playing with barrels since source.THIS GAME IS FUN! I gave up on early access but this deserves a pass :D
Commander_Bubbles	Recommended	11.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198024595034/	Can't recommend this game enough. Has so much potential and even at this stage it is incredibly fun!! Going to try to convince my friends to get this one!
heisen	Recommended	19.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198001109828/	Great game! Followed the development for years - not disappointed now!
DrunkPenguin	Recommended	86.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Thepenguin65678/	Good game if you like Dwarfs. Really good game well worth the money. Great community and devs. 10/10.Now that I’ve played the game for around 80 hours I can honestly say this is one of the best PvE indie games out here at the moment with still a huge potential. Constant updates and improvements show the devs are really invested in the game and don’t want to leave it to die. If you’ve got £20 to spend on a game then I advise you to put it here if you’re looking for people to play with just join the discord as there’s many people there who are still playing. I’ve made many a dwarf friend down in the caves while there are still a few minor bugs which I won’t go in to some are truly amazingly funny but the overall game is good with a cap at level 20 which takes a few hours then cosmetics can keep you entertained for probably 30+ hours for one character depending on how successful you are and on what level you choose.  Still 10/10
satanlives	Recommended	34.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198068048244/	güzel
Sunjaro	Recommended	554.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198090199329/	Awesome game! It is easy to enjoy all the TLC the Devs keep giving us through this game. The updates are launching in a reasonable time frame and each update has undeniably made the game better. I would strongly recommend this game to anyone who loves stout (possibly) bearded grumpy dudes that mine and kill stuff. Rock and Stone to the Bone!
BushWooki	Recommended	7.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mastofi/	I've been playing about 4h when making this review, also we are a premade team. The game is fun. 8/10
Neozoon	Recommended	523.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198040828368/	Oh shwid! My life is lost!
Barry B. Benson	Recommended	8.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/hahayesnice/	JUST GET IN THE ♥♥♥♥ING ESCAPE POD PLEASE
Swoozle	Recommended	84.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kingkneel/	Blast with your friends, loads of fun!
It's Carl!	Recommended	7.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/PrincessCarl/	its fun with friends and tense by yourself.
Waltruss	Recommended	37.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198104562303/	An amazing game ! I did'nt know what i was getting myself into , but it paid in the end Very Well Optimized , nice graphics , good gameplay , its starting to be hard to believe that its a early access game , keep up the good work !!
Downtown	Recommended	23.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197961372948/	Very seldom review games, but this had myself and my two mates in histerics  and crapping ourselves at the same time, best £19 i have spent in a very long time.We very quickly discoverd that we where not very good at this game, it the focus on coop is extremly important.Oh cool ook there is a rich vein, cool even some cold... uh guys somthing doent feel right****SWARM INCOMING*******Cannt wait to see where this game goes, up there for game indie game of the year ! 
Neenai	Recommended	125.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198030676650/	The game we all wanted, but didnt realize it.Very fun gameplay, coop or alone.The game is in early access, but the devs are very active. Updates are coming almost daily.This is an absolute must have.
Wardaddy	Recommended	52.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Ghurni/	I can't heap enough praise on this game. The devs are responsive and the development path forward is deeply fleshed out with plans for where the game is going to go. Animations, artwork, and gameplay are all receiving constant updates to keep the game fresh and exciting. Every second of this game has been worth it. If you love dwarves and co-op gameplay, you'll love DRG. ROCK AND STONE, BRUDDA!
Smar19z	Recommended	35.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Smar19z/	This game is very fun, especially with friends. It also has great potential and hope to see more added to this game.
Kraze Insanaty	Recommended	62.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198028757706/	Worth every damn penny one of the best 4 player co-op games I have ever had love it and hope the devs keep up the good work Rock and Stone to the Bone everyone
Bio69	Recommended	331.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/biohazard_69/	what can one say?  Too many good things about a game that should have been created years ago...... Elves....mining....extrodinary bugs....and the ability to upgrade in game weapons and skins to put icing on the cake! And finally a game that doesnt crash constantly. Kudos to the coffee stain crew for their hard work and commitment to a wonderful game!
ThePCGamer	Recommended	5.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/thepcgamer101/	 DISCLAIMER: This is a first impressions review, and NOT a full review  PLEASE NOTE: This review is/was written when this game was in/is still in Early Access. Think twice before buying/playing this game Deep Rock Galactic is a game developed by Ghost Ship Games and published by Coffee Stain PublishingThis game is a fun 4-player co-op game in which you dig, dig and dig and get wads of cash, plain and simpleFun to play alone, but even better with friends which sadly I don't haveThe graphics are really pretty, the music is nice and the game offers loads of character and personality with each different class you pick and the game offers a lot even though it is still in Early AccessYou should definitely give this game a go in it's current state, it's loads of fun! RECOMMENDED :)  NOMINATED FOR  THE "BETTER WITH FRIENDS" AWARD  FOR THE STEAM AWARDS 2018  REVIEW SOURCES:  None 
CaptainOblivious	Recommended	21.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/C4ptain0blivious/	Great game! The only issue someone might have would be that the game openly encourages drinking for miners ;)
ThePHiLsTeR [¬º-°]¬	Recommended	10.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/IAMThePHiLsTeR/	This game has fps action and minecraft elements. You would think that's an interesting combo, except every aspect of this game is extremely generic. I know the game is still in beta, but I'm not sure how much it could be improved. When it officially releases, I bet I will still feel just about the same about this game, unless there were DRASTIC changes/improvements.To top it off, my friends kept spamming "Rock and Stone! Rock and Stone!" They were clearly entertained when I was super annoyed at these emotes. You know what? I should have just killed them because friendly fire is on.UPDATE 3-15-18Changed to positive review: More fun after trying the scout class.
Symb iot	Recommended	143.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197993581957/	Amazing coop game even at it actual alpha state, hope to see more interesting content soon such as planetary surface missions, close call air support, mining vehicles escort missions, exosceletons etc.Updated - After all this time spent in this game I can easily say - Just BEST Co-op Game EVER! pst...yes EVER!Rock'n Stone BRoTHeRS
parlance	Recommended	33.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197993946470/	This is already an extremely polished game for early access. Great visual and sound design and interesting procedural generation with a lot of variety and memorable designs. The game is remarkably well balanced for difficulty and the different roles available as a coop game.
Psycho	Recommended	14.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197985365219/	Deep Rock Galactic is the most fun I've had in a game in a long while.Even though it is early access, the game is worth $25 right now. You don't have to hope the game is eventually fun and worth it.  
Al Dente	Recommended	157.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198038940376/	You like to play with your friends? TRY THIS!!!!!!! Worth the time.My nominee "Better with friends"!My nominee "Best Developer"ROCK AND STONE!
HurricaneShane	Recommended	21.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198098582609/	A very fun multiplayer experience.The dev team pump the content out and it's always an improvement.The game only has so much content at the moment, but is in a very playable state.Has provided hours of fun for my friends and I.Very excited about where this game is headed! Can't wait for more content! 
Mr Melkor	Recommended	313.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198243468732/	The Trailers displayed in the Steam store are. . .A perfect example of the game. Not only is the game gorgeously styled in a voxel based enviorment, but adds both the mechanics of left4dead and minecraft. The Sound affects are on point and the music track associated with the title is outstanding. I look forward to seeing what the developers do with this title in the very near future! Most games promise hours of fun and involved multiplayer gameplay. Most fall short, but not this game.10/10
DragonAK907	Recommended	32.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198134819131/	Hardly played an hour, and i can tell this is going to be a winner, Fun multiplayer and great horde mechanics with a simple yet eligant quest/reward system. only complaint is not enough people play!!!
♠︎  Mr Green ™	Recommended	6.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/blackraider42/	Love the game sets a really good scene as a dwarven miner looking for precious gems while going through generated caves and fighting off waves and making it back to the escape pod.Really looking forward to how they progress with this game in development
Snypor	Recommended	97.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/snypor/	I've nominated this game for "Labor of Love" for this year's (2018) Steam Awards. I haven't noticed this game existed when this game released Early Access, but once my friend convinced me to buy it and play it with him, I was amazed how much change and effort Ghost Ship Games put into this game since it began and how fun it is, especially the variety and key usefulness of each Class in the team.This game gets free updates every month, as it is told in their Roadmap, and each update is better than before. If you're aching for a fun teamwork-focused online Co-op game, get this. (Preferably at full price, because the makers behind Deep Rock Galactic deserve every cent they can get for this glorious game.)
ToeKneeAy	Recommended	86.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/toekneeay/	Lots of mindless fun with friends.
Defectilde	Recommended	10.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/imdefectiveyesforsure/	ROCK AND STONE BROTHER 
Buy Dec earlies 9 usd/4.5 cs go/	Recommended	5.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ivascarinu/	4.2 hrs in this game and i already LOVE IT! 9/10 till now ! xD
Pat Mustard	Not Recommended	11.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/terrordrums/	I enjoy the game, it's got a lot of potential. However, until they fix the rather toxic kicking system I cannot recommend you buy it. Some groups you play with are fine, but I'd say 1 in 3 will either kick you without explanation, or wait until the end (where you've spent up to an hour in the match) and kick you at the last possible moment. What's the point, besides robbing others of fun?If you're still thinking of buying, a least wait a little longer to see how the developers address the issue.I wish I hadn't viewed the comments, now I feel the need to answer.1. None of my friends play the game, if they did it would solve the problem somewhat but alas, it isn't happening.2. I struggle somewhat with social interactions and the instakicks do affect me. I join a game and I say hello, but if I'm kicked before I can even type that REPEATEDLY, then yes it's a problem and it's not "kinda dumb" to point this out. 3. Is the game not in early access? I wrote this review with the intention of getting the deeply flawed kick system looked at. One of you mentions many games have this problem. Besides Payday (I've not played it), list them so I can avoid. I've never encountered it before.4. A simple fix would be to vote on kicks, instead of letting numpty hosts decide on a whim. It's especially aggravating when a) there's a bug that makes you unable to join any games after you're kicked and b) you lose all progress from the game. Not such an issue if you've just joined, but if it's a long game then yeah, it needs addressing.Also, I'd like to point out that it's ok to disagree with my review, but please be civil about it. Being a♥♥♥♥♥♥helps no-one.
Austin	Recommended	76.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/austin101/	Hands down easily the best early access game I have played. Each level is unique and has a totally different feel to it. All the classes work well together and are fun to play. This game is all about teamwork, all resources collected and rewards earned are shared for everyone on the team. The discord is always busy, so it’s easy to find a game with players that all have voice chat.
Gregarious	Recommended	189.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/gregariousjb/	This game has more jam-packed content in an EA title than most released indie titles, and it's fun. Really, REALLY fun.
Tatten	Recommended	26.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Tatten47/	Plays wonderfully with a group of friends. Not a lot of content yet but runs perfect and wicked fun. Rock solid gold!
Styke	Recommended	64.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/06611/	This game is open to all skill levels - It feels great with or without a controller.Deep Rock Galactic is the apex of minimilism - the game clocks in at under 1gig despite having 10+ hours of content packed into it. The polygons are visible, a lot of the textures are flat, and at no point do you really mind because it's stylized in such a clever and fun way. This is not a voxel game, nor a minecraft cash-in. It's closer to Left 4 Dead, except with killer Starship Troopers bugs and you're 6000m deep in a completely unknown enviroment - everything is randomly generated. Sometimes you might go 15 minutes without encountering some of the ore you need to succeed and that's just fine. Difficulty scales well with some genuine threats lurking in the shadows.
Nepman	Recommended	51.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198038371482/	Brothers of the mine rejoice!Swing, swing, swing with meRaise your pick and raise your voice!Sing, sing, sing with meDown and down into the deepWho knows what we'll find beneath?Diamonds, rubies, gold and moreHidden in the mountain storeBorn underground, suckled from a teat of stoneRaised in the dark, the safety of our mountain homeSkin made of iron, steel in our bonesTo dig and dig makes us freeCome on brothers sing with me!I am a dwarf and I'm digging a holeDiggy diggy hole, diggy diggy holeI am a dwarf and I'm digging a holeDiggy diggy hole, digging a hole
Tiger	Recommended	252.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TheRealLazyTiger/	This a fun casual coop game, it doesn't have the kind of depth to keep most around for 1000+ hours but, it's still quite fun with friends and it can sometimes present a reasonable challenge.The Good Great Casual Co-Op PVE gameplay Each class is unique and has something different to offer the team, and the game is designed to encourage team Co-Op. Impressively good p2p Netcode (This is rare, but it's quite nice to see) No pay2win nonsense no lootboxes or microtransaction cash-grab nonsense. Instead cosmetics are earned through playing the game- the way it should be. Yes there's a supporter pack that will give you some 'gold' skins for supporting the devs but that's pretty much all it does and it's completely optional and does exactly nothing to affect gameplay. Devs actually seem to have a good sense of direction, what kind of balance they want to see, and indeed they appear to be quite competent, which is more than I can say for a number of larger dev studios. For an early access title, they're making great strides at improving the appearance, gameplay, functionality, fixing bugs, etc. It's not often I get to give devs praise for doing things right, GSG however, has earned such praise. Devs actually LISTEN to their community while simultaneously understanding that the community doesn't always know what's best. So far, the devs have shown great decision making ability.The Bad some framedrop and minor physics replication issues local save files as opposed to steamworks integration (steam cloud saves). Hopefully this will be moved to steamworks at some point in the future to provide a more robust save system) Some stability issues, but the Devs have been very noticeably improving on them. As this is an early access title- this is to be expected. Obviously the game is still under construction, there are animations and content that is just plain missing at the moment.The Ugly everything that was listed here has been fixed or improved upon to the point that I can no longer list it in this section of the review.Overall I'd recommend this game, I've even purchased a number of copies at full price for friends.Edit: all of 'the ugly' has been edited or removed because the Devs are actually doing their jobs and fixing/improving on known issues. Holy crap, how rare is that?Some Good things about the Developer(Ghost Ship Games)I really shouldn't be impressed that a Dev Studio uses steam beta for actual testing, balance changes, bug fixes, and content additions before releasing to the published build, but in this day and age where most seem to be using 'beta' as a glorified preview, it is refreshing to see GSG using beta the way it's meant to be used. During the last 2 week beta I saw 4 updates a week each with a massive list of balance changes, feature additions, and bug fixes. Yep 4 updates a week for two weeks of a small Dev studio actually fixing and improving their game. There is hope yet for the industry.I've made a couple of suggestions on the discord that got implemented in game presumably because they just made sense. (EG adding spawn sounds for enemies) It's good to see that. I had a really obnoxious stability issue that a Dev (Mind you this is an indie studio with 15 employees as far as I can tell.) was kind enough to help track down an obscure solution to (apparently there was an engine issue with realtek audio chipsets) and in the very next patch a UI option to toggle the fix for this was added to the game.Again, DRG is a pretty casual game that's fun with friends, while it probably won't hold my interest for a few thousand hours, i'll easily get a few hundred out of it and Ghost Ship Games has earned my respect for actually doing their jobs, and doing it reasonably well- which is a lot more than I can say for a number of other studios. It really is refreshing to be able to say nice things about a developer who actually does their job well.EDIT: originally this review had three sections 'the good', 'the bad', and 'the ugly'. I am pleased to report that I've been able to essentially remove 'the ugly' section because everything in it has either been fixed or significantly improved upon.
LFall	Recommended	1.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/l45t/	Grappling mechanics are the reason why the dwarves went extinct in Lord of the Rings.
Tiger	Recommended	252.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TheRealLazyTiger/	This a fun casual coop game, it doesn't have the kind of depth to keep most around for 1000+ hours but, it's still quite fun with friends and it can sometimes present a reasonable challenge.The Good Great Casual Co-Op PVE gameplay Each class is unique and has something different to offer the team, and the game is designed to encourage team Co-Op. Impressively good p2p Netcode (This is rare, but it's quite nice to see) No pay2win nonsense no lootboxes or microtransaction cash-grab nonsense. Instead cosmetics are earned through playing the game- the way it should be. Yes there's a supporter pack that will give you some 'gold' skins for supporting the devs but that's pretty much all it does and it's completely optional and does exactly nothing to affect gameplay. Devs actually seem to have a good sense of direction, what kind of balance they want to see, and indeed they appear to be quite competent, which is more than I can say for a number of larger dev studios. For an early access title, they're making great strides at improving the appearance, gameplay, functionality, fixing bugs, etc. It's not often I get to give devs praise for doing things right, GSG however, has earned such praise. Devs actually LISTEN to their community while simultaneously understanding that the community doesn't always know what's best. So far, the devs have shown great decision making ability.The Bad some framedrop and minor physics replication issues local save files as opposed to steamworks integration (steam cloud saves). Hopefully this will be moved to steamworks at some point in the future to provide a more robust save system) Some stability issues, but the Devs have been very noticeably improving on them. As this is an early access title- this is to be expected. Obviously the game is still under construction, there are animations and content that is just plain missing at the moment.The Ugly everything that was listed here has been fixed or improved upon to the point that I can no longer list it in this section of the review.Overall I'd recommend this game, I've even purchased a number of copies at full price for friends.Edit: all of 'the ugly' has been edited or removed because the Devs are actually doing their jobs and fixing/improving on known issues. Holy crap, how rare is that?Some Good things about the Developer(Ghost Ship Games)I really shouldn't be impressed that a Dev Studio uses steam beta for actual testing, balance changes, bug fixes, and content additions before releasing to the published build, but in this day and age where most seem to be using 'beta' as a glorified preview, it is refreshing to see GSG using beta the way it's meant to be used. During the last 2 week beta I saw 4 updates a week each with a massive list of balance changes, feature additions, and bug fixes. Yep 4 updates a week for two weeks of a small Dev studio actually fixing and improving their game. There is hope yet for the industry.I've made a couple of suggestions on the discord that got implemented in game presumably because they just made sense. (EG adding spawn sounds for enemies) It's good to see that. I had a really obnoxious stability issue that a Dev (Mind you this is an indie studio with 15 employees as far as I can tell.) was kind enough to help track down an obscure solution to (apparently there was an engine issue with realtek audio chipsets) and in the very next patch a UI option to toggle the fix for this was added to the game.Again, DRG is a pretty casual game that's fun with friends, while it probably won't hold my interest for a few thousand hours, i'll easily get a few hundred out of it and Ghost Ship Games has earned my respect for actually doing their jobs, and doing it reasonably well- which is a lot more than I can say for a number of other studios. It really is refreshing to be able to say nice things about a developer who actually does their job well.EDIT: originally this review had three sections 'the good', 'the bad', and 'the ugly'. I am pleased to report that I've been able to essentially remove 'the ugly' section because everything in it has either been fixed or significantly improved upon.
artimits	Recommended	34.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/artimitsiscool/	Think of it like PAYDAY 2 but everyone lost a few inches, the things you do are (kinda) legal and the drills don't jam.
Count Cuckula	Recommended	25.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/OOOFOOFOOOF/	rock and stone
Styke	Recommended	64.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/06611/	This game is open to all skill levels - It feels great with or without a controller.Deep Rock Galactic is the apex of minimilism - the game clocks in at under 1gig despite having 10+ hours of content packed into it. The polygons are visible, a lot of the textures are flat, and at no point do you really mind because it's stylized in such a clever and fun way. This is not a voxel game, nor a minecraft cash-in. It's closer to Left 4 Dead, except with killer Starship Troopers bugs and you're 6000m deep in a completely unknown enviroment - everything is randomly generated. Sometimes you might go 15 minutes without encountering some of the ore you need to succeed and that's just fine. Difficulty scales well with some genuine threats lurking in the shadows.
Highwaycat83	Recommended	18.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198072858457/	If No Mans Sky was a horde mode based FPS with dwarves minus all the roleplaying and flying and more of a smash and grab attitude oh and soundtrack is epic! Best $25 I've spent this year.
ManaTea	Recommended	13.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/xXTOZERXx/	Absolutley loving this little gem (hehe)
Dr Sewer Fungus	Recommended	30.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/NoReasonAtAll/	i like it
Old Finnbar	Recommended	5.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/OldFinnbar/	BORN IN THE DARK, GROWN INSIDE A ROCKY WOMBTHE EARTH IS OUR CRADLE, THE MOUNTAIN SHALL BECOME OUR TOMBTHE FACES ON THE BATTLEFIELD, YOU WILL MEET YOUR DOOMWE DO NOT FEAR WHAT LIES BENEATH, WE CAN NEVER DIG TOO DEEP
static	Recommended	14.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/easternhellbender/	Left 4 Dead + James Cameron's Aliens + interplanetary capitalism, with a heaping spoonful of procedural generation.Unlike anything else out there.
Acidic	Recommended	57.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198043355246/	I was hesitant to buy this game after watching some twitch steams of it, but I took a gamble and bought it. I started joining random lobbies and learning the ropes, but soon I migrated to the deep rock discord and I've been having a ton of fun.I can't wait for them to add more content - Definately recommend. ROCK AND STONE BROTHA!!!
Kalivarn	Recommended	106.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198152814950/	Rock and stone brother!
Enzo	Recommended	19.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Enzo-_-_/	Dwarf 1 : Rock and stone !Dwarf 2 : Rock and stone brother !And a new friendship is born.
FrogTheSpy	Recommended	56.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/FrogTheSpy/	> Play on Extreme> Makes some Diggy Diggy holes> Open up dirty dirt hole> Millions of spidery bois pour out> Die a gruesome deathI rate 11 dwarfs out of ten
ArchNortherner	Recommended	5.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/dikko3012/	Good game, definately need a team as too many swams come.
Dread	Recommended	21.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SheldonIsAFK/	Tis very good. ;)
DrooKun	Recommended	5.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Andrewlee9898/	This game is very beautiful and sexy. The mechanics are complex yet simple ;) . I rate this game a 9.9/10. There are some bugs I have encountered but the overall expierence was real gucci. I would recommend anyone to play this game. It works for solo players and group parties. I see myself induldgin in a fun fun time with deep rock galactic ;) <3. 
Happy Souls	Recommended	13.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198074890116/	~To dig and dig makes us free! Come on brothers sing with me! I am a dwarf and I'm digging a hole. Diggy diggy hole, diggy diggy hole. I am a dwarf and I'm digging a hole. Diggy diggy hole, digging a hole!~ [Search: Diggy Diggy holes! on Youtube. You'll love it and this game even more XD]
HawkStone	Recommended	10.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/arakis99/	This is a fun 4 person coop FPS game.  Despite being early access the game is solid, fun, and stable.  This game has boatloads of potential.
Frugl1	Recommended	5.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/frugl1/	Oh boy, is this one to watch!I dove into DRG on launch having never heard of the game before, and I sure am glad to say it scratches that L4D-itch.Unlike other games in the genre DRG is 100% procedually generated providing a unique experince each session. Despite this, the game seems rich on content despite it being an Early Access game.Other studios could've released this build as a 1.0 release and gone on to produce paid DLC, it is that polished!I look forward to seeing this game progress through EA.
yoda gaming	Recommended	13.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198135954831/	cool and good
vitamin4il	Recommended	106.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/xxx_GoatKiller_xxx/	stone and rock to the c o c k
Welfora	Recommended	13.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198016042084/	This game has more content than Destiny 2 and DLC Cruse Of Osaris Combine.
YippeeKai-Yay	Recommended	19.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Burningjoker/	===[ ❤ Audience: ]=== ☐ Kids☑ Everyone☐ Casual players☐ Pro players===[ ☼ Graphics: ]=== ☐ Potato☐ Really bad☐ Bad☐ OK☑ Good ☐ Beautiful ☐ Masterpiece===[ $ Price/quality: ]=== ☐ GAME IS FREEEEE☑ Full price☐ Wait for sale☐ Average☐ Refund it if you can☐ Don't do it===[ ☣ Requirments: ]=== ☐ 90' PC ☐ Minimum☑  Medium ☐ Fast☐ High end ☐ NASA computer===[ ☼ Difficulty: ]=== ☐ You just need 2 arms ☐ Ez☑ Easy to learn / Hard to master☐ Hard ☐ Dark Souls===[ ۞ Game time/length ]=== ☐ Really short ( 0 - 2 hours)☐ Short ( 2 - 8 hours)☐ Few hours ( 8 - 12 hours)☐ Long ( 12+ hours)☑ Endless (I wanna be the very best) ===[ ♬ Story] === ☑ There isn't any☐ Still better than Twilight☐ Average☐ Good ☐ Fantastic ===[ § Bugs ]=== ☐ Game itself is one big BUG☐ Bugs destroying the game☐ Lot of bugs☑ Few Bugs☐ You can use them for speedrun☐ Nothing===[ ✦ Others: ]=== ☑ Multiplayer☐ Singleplayer☑ VS AI
Rex Smashington	Recommended	4.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197991844714/	Was everything I thought it would be.  Runs smooth as eggs.  Nice job devs.
Kerillian Wutelgi	Recommended	97.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197963555405/	Great game. Played many hours of it during the open alpha. Now its finally out in early access with even more features!
Bob	Recommended	43.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198001683244/	Dwarfs, Alien Bugs, and Potential.  Fun game.  You can set difficulty to be super hard or relaxed.  Each class feels useful.  Community for me has been super nice and everyone works together.   The Dev's set up a discord where you can meet other players and host games if you need help finding serious players, link is in the game when you first start it up.  Keep in mind the game is in Early Access.  This means it is not completely polished.  You will come across some issues but they have a report bugs feature in game which you can report the issues.  Dev's are very active and are working very hard to fix these issues. So keep this in mind... but I rarely come across something that breaks the game.  The game will only be getting better.
Mara Jadewind	Recommended	59.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Zagaara/	I just play a little and known not much of Deep Rock Galactic but here goes my review for the worth of 2 hours playtime. What can we expect from this game?? First of all, the graphic is not demanding, you can run this game on a potato pc with a decent graphic setting. Deep Rock Galactic launch into Early Access with a very OPTIMIZED gameplay, I'm able to run with High+Epic setting average 60FPS and above all the time with 4gb of ram, i5-4590 and GTX 960 2gb. My ram just got toasted recently while waiting for new one I get my hand on Deep Rock Galactic, why not? so Hat Off to dev for launchin sucha optimized game in EARLY ACCESS.The graphic is not the top of the crops nor Eye Candy at all, we get this game because it had exciting adrenaline rush element and some explorer adventure spirit in it. Whilst in Deep Rock Galactic by Mighty Odin Beard! We're a group of Dwarves venturing & exploring like Indiana Jones for treasure with Starship Troopers bug infested lair.At the moments, the biggest turnoff for me is the server browser that is only showing game from within our region and no ping indicator. We're unable to browse other server that is beyond us...we're only able to join outer region games by randomly quick game. Hopefully in the future there will be a server browser that come with ping ranking for us to choose & pick. For Asia & Asean currently...the server is pretty low, I'm only able to found 3 server with passwords lock for whole day. I'm unable to check out Oceania or any other server within my ping due to this feature.For current price point I'd sayeth is a pretty decent & fairly priced, you gonna spend more hours in Deep Rock Galactic in comparison with a cinema ticket+popcorn+drinks for a movies. This rough gems in the mine is best to play with friends, a good band of Dwarves work well here. The whole experience here is like a Alien Swarm+Minecraft+Killing Floor 2/Payday 2 that come with Dwarves.So gear up by Great Father Beard and let's get mining here!! 
LordVoltarr	Not Recommended	5.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198202874902/	This game isa lot of fun IF you host your own game or play with a friend who is hosting the game. When this is not the case you have a very high chance of getting kicked from the party at the end of a mission resulting in the loss of all gained materials, credits and exp. This is the most frustrating thing ever and has happened to me about 20 times now in my short 4h game time. I quit playing this game until this system is changed (or until I find a party of friends to play with)...
KimchiSoup	Not Recommended	37.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/KimchiSoup/	Let's be clear; this is not a mineshaft-building game where you can build space Moria with space Dwarves.It is a bust-in-and-get-back mission-based game with destructible environments in which you stay in a zone only long enough to finish the job.It's fun, kinda grindy, and has little new things now and then by merit of early access.  It does its job; but after a bit if feels as it there's just not a whole lot there.
Kavrick	Not Recommended	6.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/OurLordKavrick/	I'm going to start with that this isn't a bad game, it has a lot of promise, my main gripe is that for £19 this is a pretty big overcharge. The game is extremely repeitive, apart from the different classes there are no different guns to unlock or use, so if you like one part of a class but hate it's weapons you're gonna have to just bite the bullet.I understand that this is an early access game, but again on the price, early access or not, if you're charging £19 for a game your game should be worth that much, a lot of early access games are cheaper and add price as they add more and more features, now let's list some pros and cons.Pros:- beautiful lighting, light is a big part of this game and the system compliments that- satisfying explosions, even though the gun feel has some work to be done, the explosions that wipe out tons of bugs are something to behold- quick gameplay, you can easily jump straight into a game without worrying about any sort of set up- satisfying grinding, finding resources and mining them is extremely fun and exciting, the main issue i have is that you constantly have to deposit your ores into the mule, and when you cant even hold a single vein's worth of metal it gets rather tediousCons- Broken animations, reloading animations are extremely simple and even then, they clip through the gun's models- Gun models, the current weapons in the game look like they're plastic toys and really damage the gun feel (And in a game all about shooting things, gun feel should be a priority)- Gun feel, there's no real impact behind shooting things, there's no recoil, and the enemies dont even react when you shoot them in the face with a shotgun, the sounds of the guns are nothing to note either- Extremely grindy, now even though the gathering is fun, it's kinda extreme, you have to choose between buying gun upgrades and buying cosmetics, which stings players who enjoy customisation- Gun upgrades, for a game based around gathering things so you can upgrade your guns, it's extremely lack luster, each weapon has no more than 3 upgrades and they're not even slightly exciting; +2 to clip, slightly faster attack speed, that kinda thing.- Repetitiveness, now random gen can be a boon to a game, but i feel like this game relies on it way too heavily, the world gen is janky and if you dont have a scout-engineer combo on your teem some materials can be a pain to gather. And apart from the different bioms, have fun seeing a lot of caves that seems exactly the same- Backtracking, this is probably one of my bigger gripes with the game, sometimes you'll end up in a dead end, but you wont know you're in a dead end, so you'll search every nook and cranny looking for the dirt patch to mine through just to find there is none so you have to go back to where you've been before looking for a dirt patch that you missed or saw but forgot, there's a map you can use but it's pretty damn useless, it only shows a couple of meters in front of you and sometimes it can be misleadingAll in all, i cant recommend it for the current price, in fact the way they put the biggest option on the main menu as the option to buy their "supporter upgrade" is an even bigger kick in the teeth, people who buy your game in early access is because they want to support your game, and you add a goddamn £11 dlc bundle that only has a couple of skins so people can support you, normally only free to play games will pull something like that. To support someone's game just for the main menu to greet you every time with "Buy our support pack" feels kinda disrespectful.
Kavrick	Not Recommended	6.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/OurLordKavrick/	I'm going to start with that this isn't a bad game, it has a lot of promise, my main gripe is that for £19 this is a pretty big overcharge. The game is extremely repeitive, apart from the different classes there are no different guns to unlock or use, so if you like one part of a class but hate it's weapons you're gonna have to just bite the bullet.I understand that this is an early access game, but again on the price, early access or not, if you're charging £19 for a game your game should be worth that much, a lot of early access games are cheaper and add price as they add more and more features, now let's list some pros and cons.Pros:- beautiful lighting, light is a big part of this game and the system compliments that- satisfying explosions, even though the gun feel has some work to be done, the explosions that wipe out tons of bugs are something to behold- quick gameplay, you can easily jump straight into a game without worrying about any sort of set up- satisfying grinding, finding resources and mining them is extremely fun and exciting, the main issue i have is that you constantly have to deposit your ores into the mule, and when you cant even hold a single vein's worth of metal it gets rather tediousCons- Broken animations, reloading animations are extremely simple and even then, they clip through the gun's models- Gun models, the current weapons in the game look like they're plastic toys and really damage the gun feel (And in a game all about shooting things, gun feel should be a priority)- Gun feel, there's no real impact behind shooting things, there's no recoil, and the enemies dont even react when you shoot them in the face with a shotgun, the sounds of the guns are nothing to note either- Extremely grindy, now even though the gathering is fun, it's kinda extreme, you have to choose between buying gun upgrades and buying cosmetics, which stings players who enjoy customisation- Gun upgrades, for a game based around gathering things so you can upgrade your guns, it's extremely lack luster, each weapon has no more than 3 upgrades and they're not even slightly exciting; +2 to clip, slightly faster attack speed, that kinda thing.- Repetitiveness, now random gen can be a boon to a game, but i feel like this game relies on it way too heavily, the world gen is janky and if you dont have a scout-engineer combo on your teem some materials can be a pain to gather. And apart from the different bioms, have fun seeing a lot of caves that seems exactly the same- Backtracking, this is probably one of my bigger gripes with the game, sometimes you'll end up in a dead end, but you wont know you're in a dead end, so you'll search every nook and cranny looking for the dirt patch to mine through just to find there is none so you have to go back to where you've been before looking for a dirt patch that you missed or saw but forgot, there's a map you can use but it's pretty damn useless, it only shows a couple of meters in front of you and sometimes it can be misleadingAll in all, i cant recommend it for the current price, in fact the way they put the biggest option on the main menu as the option to buy their "supporter upgrade" is an even bigger kick in the teeth, people who buy your game in early access is because they want to support your game, and you add a goddamn £11 dlc bundle that only has a couple of skins so people can support you, normally only free to play games will pull something like that. To support someone's game just for the main menu to greet you every time with "Buy our support pack" feels kinda disrespectful.
whisperrebellion	Recommended	9.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198194276475/	Roses are red,There is a shipment,Deep rock seriously needs to invest in some better equipment
Daybreaker	Recommended	308.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/daybreaker3/	Another fantastic game to have in your gaming library. For Karl !!!
Ben B	Not Recommended	1.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/BenBinnit/	In short; a dwarf with no beard.Being a veteran of both Terraria and L4D I thought a combo of the two would be perfect. It's not. In concept , which it's great and could well work when it's finished but in it's current state it's just too frustrating and annoying to endure for this old geezer.Let me throw a few positives in this review, first it runs great considering the destructable environment. Said environment even looks great and creatures look varied and monsterous. The hub space station is great with consoles for everything from and fashion wheel to jukebox. Also it functions, a lot to ask in this day and age, finding a game, hosting a game and communicating works nicely. But the problems come in the details.It's a space game but there's a falling damage which makes the game pretty mcuh constantly annoying, if anything we should have rocket boosters to jet around on not breaking our ankles every time we drop twenty metres.Finding stuff is just too hard, I constantly failed a mission where you have to get exactly, specifically 15 flowers. Groping around in the dark, in a maze whilst being attacked by waves of enemies with limited ammo... well it's just plain annoying. What the game needs is a way of scanning through the rock to give us more a clue where to look, even if the range it limited it'd be a clue.My biggest frustration I found was the levelling and XP. In L4D you level up by changing difficulty, you develop real skills and every weapon is just laying there ready to use. In Terraria the levelling is hidden by staging up in the different minerals, armors and weapons as the monsters become harder to match them. In DRG it's just XP and Levelling, which are always great for destroying game illusion, a clumsy way to build player commitment with literal life expectancy commitment currency. Not that this game is alone in this, most have them these days, but how many can I be bothered to grind?Add to that there is an in game currency which is used to buy upgrades and vanity items, hell you are a dwarf who has to buy his beard. I am not kidding. A second layer of grind. No thanks.My last complaint is merely asthetic, that the characters themselves and their ugly armor just look bad, players look like robot potatoes with dwarf heads popped on top. Why are they wearing power armor it's not Warhammer 20,000. Give us force fields instead of chunkly armor, with characters who look like characters. I know this means you need devs who can create convincing and attractive model files but it's an incredibly important thing being able to tell people apart. These are just some ugly characters and trust me I've met my share of ugly dwarfs.That all said, I can easily see me re-buying it and maybe even a round for my friends as the idea is great. I just wish the implimentation, when it gets out of EA, is good enough to stand on it's own two hairy feet withouth XP and Currency crutches and with stupid things like falling damage and hide and seek maps taken out.So fingers crossed this game crosses the line with same high quality but with the annoyances cut out of it.Looking forwards to changing this review in the future!
Oceanbones	Recommended	24.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198013562007/	This game is great plain and simple, especially for an early access game.A++ Lobby HubLots of potential while still feeling like a full game. 
Stewie	Recommended	42.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198076059782/	Top game in the world
-Snake [DREV]	Recommended	22.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Snake2312/	Get this game, you will not regret it. Best co-op experience I've had since L4D1/Halo/Borderlands/. Teamwork is essential, and working your way through the caves while finding loot and killing baddies is incredibly fulfilling. One of the most polished early-access games I've seen. Even with what small part of the game is out now, it's worth the money. Can't wait to see what this Developer has to offer going forward. Rock and stone to the bone!
Bobby Bodega	Recommended	13.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/BobbyBodega/	Great game.  I have not had any issues with the community, I've probably added more friends to my friend's list because of this game than I did for L4D.  Everyone's been super chill.Minimal bugs so far, I've only encountered one (Drop Pod access facing/embedded in a wall) and that's on the dev's fix list.It's a great mix of Space Beast Terror Fright + voxel landscape.  There are a few types of missions, and areas to explore, with different rare resources.  Very stable and polished for early access.  I really hope the devs continue to rock this game.  For people scared of the price - there is a demo available on the Windows Store (Windows version has cross-platform play w/ Xbox people) - but not Steam, so if you try it from the Windows Store, but want to play w/ Steam friends, make sure to buy on Steam.  (Please correct me if I'm wrong).
Dr. Shiroshii	Recommended	29.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/idid2266496/	Its good.
Gnome	Recommended	25.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198302137166/	yesvery very fun so far i recommoned you play with mates thoas it may become boring alone.
Dragonlet	Recommended	15.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Dragonlet/	I don't have to yell at my teammates with dwarvian slander over comms. My character does it for me!
MrCptMajor	Recommended	14.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/CptMAJOR1/	You get to play as a fatass, grizzly-voiced, gatling-gun wielding, zipline shooting, C4-detonating, DORF. You go into caves, mine the ♥♥♥♥ out of em, and spray hot-lead at gigantic bugs and 1200 rounds per minute. Not to mention theres all kinds of cosmetics to choose from. My DORF has elvis hair and a Santa beard. Buy this game. ♥♥♥♥.
Malone.j2	Recommended	12.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/thatguymalone/	One of the better indie games I've ever played. Bought it on, or around, the day of release and it was pulling its own weight pretty much right out of the gate, which is something kind of atypical of games of this genre, especially more recently (recently being the past year or three.)The explorative nature of the game paired with some pretty admirable graphics is immersive enough, and the experience translates well to a multiplayer setting (I would argue that playing this game with multiple people both introduces a fun element of teamwork to the game and accentuates the dynamic and winding feel of the game, which is really the standout quality of the game as a whole.)
UrgentKnight761	Recommended	18.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198345594065/	I love this game! It is so much fun and is very unique and exciting. It has some bugs, but considering it is still in alpha, I am not worried. I would highly recomend
Figgles McGee	Recommended	24.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198137076801/	EDIT: This game is awesome, actively developed, and grown significantly in the last few months. While there still aren't different weapons each class can buy, the level of character customization has been increased dramatically by cosmetics and power upgrades. 10/10 game and its STILL being developed!TLDR: Not much to unlock, but who cares, the game is beautiful, replayable, and entertaining. 10/10 would desperately kill alien hordes again. Also, don't be an idiot in multiplayer and you wont get kicked (learn how to play your class) -- the players aren't unreasonable, they're just people with a limited amount of time.I enjoy this game. The basis of the game is a grind to get materials/money in order to upgrade gear for a specific class (There's four equipment/role-differentiated classes). After about 10 hours of gameplay, I've nearly bought every upgrade for the class I've been playing. Considering the costs of upgrades for other classes, I'd estimate that a similar amount of time could be spent maxing the other classes. This situation given, the game contains relatively little unlockable content. I'd like to see new weapons added as the Early Access development proceeds. Despite this customization scarcity, the procedurally generated levels offer engaging and replayable gameplay. On the higher difficulities, swarms can present a real threat and thoughtful teamwork becomes integral to success. So I guess one could hold this game's fledgling nature against it, but even in its current form it's a thrill to shoot swarms of zerging bugs.
Quirky Purple	Recommended	20.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/piratesbooty/	From pretty chill to pretty challenging.  All fun and engaging.  Even a goofy lobby.  Rock and Stone!  No...but really, buy this to screw around with your friends for a chatty good time mining and killing bugs.  FOR KARL.  And mission control can shove the barrels up his♥♥♥♥♥♥
Duke of York	Recommended	73.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198049593936/	This is one of the best co-op games I've ever played, and certainly the best I've played in the last decade IMO. Great fun to go around with your mates and blow up a load of aliens. Great soundtracks too. Currently in alpha, so more content is sure to be released, and the game runs with little bugs even now. Highly recommend.
ADALEXAD	Recommended	74.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ADALEXAD/	There is something really special about this game. It's incredibly fun, even after maxing out all of the character levels. It presents a very simple and easy-to-grasp form of gameplay: mine the ores, kill the aliens, get home safe, and each of the classes in the game feels unique and fun to play. One of my favorite selling points of the multiplayer in this game is that each class offers something unique and helpful, but if your team is missing one of them you can still do just fine. Everybody can go the same class and it all works out. The meta is very flexible and you can play however you like and still be successful (most of the time). It's charming, fun, and offers endless replayability with its procedurally generated levels. I love this game.
jvaught89	Recommended	33.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198082216285/	Lots of fun with friends. Devs are active and timely with updates. It's a great way to break up those Vermintide 2 marathons.
xCookieSlayer	Recommended	29.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/xCookieSlayer/	Wow! This game has so much potentual and unlike most early access games, this one is so fun.I mean 4 characters to level up and upgrade. cosmetic wise and weapons/armor and more.  I don't really do reviews but ive not played for long, yet I'm having a lot of fun. Would defo recommend to people looking for a interesting mix of leveling exploring and upgrading. Playing with random people that are so nice and kind to each other really puts the cherry on top. I mean most communities will be childish and annoying but in this game people understand that teamwork and a helping hand is key.Hopefully we will see more modes/planets and more characters to upgrade. Looking forward to the future!9/10
SNART	Recommended	145.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198045426357/	Awesome.
=＾●⋏●＾=	Recommended	48.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/tutsuki/	I've really been enjoying this game. It's not too grindy!
Ponderous Poltroon	Recommended	136.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ggf45tnhm65yw/	Quite a lot of fun and very well polished for being in alpha!
Mr.Fraggles	Recommended	21.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/fraggles83/	Great fun, especially with friends!The left 4 dead style combat mixed with the challenges of mining and navigating the caves is really fun.Graphics and lighting are awesome. Runs really well. 
Midatou	Recommended	157.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Midatou/	Really great game, I highly recommend it to those who are tired of non-teamwork oriented games (like major FPS games).This provides all the shooty-shoot you want, but it's all at bugs and not People vs People which can stress PTSD-prone individuals. This game is enjoyable and thrilling, wonderful graphics systems like lighting and very beautiful colors and procedurally generated maps. Great foundation for the developers to continue building and adding onto. This is how games use to be and should be made.
Kermit On Coke	Recommended	1.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198096298816/	Its loads of fun if played with friends
Andbeav	Recommended	41.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198086794314/	One of the best games on steam right now, combines the common fps with great teamwork to create a fantastic game.
Bios Element	Recommended	14.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/BiosElement/	Super solid game, surprisingly no technical issues and diverse maps that make things a real challenge. Excellent with friends, but also decent with random players although not many of them want to talk on mic. One of the best early access games I've played yet.
Fruit_Salad	Recommended	20.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198120925837/	Fantastic co-op game! Exploring the game's vast procedurally generated caves is a blast as you and your team works together to complete a nice variety of mission objectives. As the game stands I think it is well worth the full price of admission, and the game should continue to keep growing. Buying this game is a no brainer in my opinion.
Evil Naked Fishmonger	Recommended	28.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/EvilNakedFishmonger/	What's there is pretty good. I like the art style and sound.But it's very repetitive with nothing much to aim for: the cosmetics are all overly expensive and feel like a waste so I never even got a new stache and the upgrade trees I did were dull and barely noticably.The missions types aren't all the most different, exciting or varied either as well as the enemy types.I did like my time with it, the enviroments were amazing at first, but I just feel done with it now in it's current state but I hope I pick it up again further down the line.PS My Weird Tanget...The physics just aren't all that fun imo, with the 'I wonder if we could...' moments we had near always being dissapointments (with things like C4s not sticking to the bot) besides your friend being able to call the bot and you  being able to balance on it while it scales entire cliffs to get to your friend and you being able to avoid fall damage by bouncing on someones head. I love finding that kind of stuff out. I might be alone on that but I think players being able to think out the box and solve stuff in fun ways takes away from the sameyness and you create more fond memories of a game. I feel the grapple hook especially and it's uses are lacking and could be a lot more fun.
Saint	Recommended	72.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198087922952/	Super fun coop.  Space dwarves!  Different and fun classes that each help the team in different ways.Cosmetic and equipment upgrade options.Great community of players even if you don't have any buddies online to play with. (public games are super fun)The dwarves aren't scottish for once! Good development team working on more content actively, and the game is already SUPER fun for the price.Totally worth the purchase. Most of my friends play the game now.  10/10   Rock and Stone!!
TheOneTrueDev	Recommended	1.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TheOneTrueDev/	If this game had local split screen coop I'd be so happy. Good game otherwise.
MedievalSwagger	Recommended	11.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/medievalswagger/	These dwarves are HANDSOME MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM
Inqwi[PL]	Recommended	48.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Inqwi/	Thats the way how Early Acces should look like. More polished than many games that left EA, and still there is strong and crative support. Mechanics are good, but keep in mind it shines with at least one friend. I love to come and play several games every several weeks.
TheChosenSquirrel	Recommended	25.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TheChosenSquirrel/	The game still needs more content but what they have is truly amazing . PLus the humor in parts like geting drunk dancing ... passing out and reseting the gravity at the same time can be quite humorous.At its current state considering its still geting new content I can happily recomend this .It needs new modes and new rewards ... my character is only level 3 so maybe im missing stuff so maybe Im wrong how ever iit only seems like its cosmetics and guns (which is really cool) just like to see more of that .PS - Lobby makes great hide and seek game.
Virtual Decay	Recommended	36.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/getweirdman/	With the ammount of updates and feature creeps this game gets, it has a bright future. Combat feels good, the procedural enviroments dont feel samey, and a Co-op godsend. Upgrade equipment, customize your dwarf, and plunge headfirst into the caverns with your friends and blast some bugs.Good game.
Rewdalf	Recommended	159.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Rewdalf/	Four player co-op perfection.Insanely fun, procedurally generated and beautiful caves in a range of biomes.Various different crafting ores, mission rewards, mutators, upgrades, cosmetics...Four unique classes with different weapons, support abilities, and ways of mobility.And a flashy roadmap to boot, with monthly updates and additions.Doesn't even remotely feel like early access.Don't just buy it once. Buy two, and give it to your friends.
Sir Jackass	Recommended	104.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198028516307/	Daayuuuuum! It's an early access title that feels like a completely finished product! And it's still being given a ton of tender love by the developers? Now that's easily worth $25!
Amnail	Recommended	58.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198060818617/	I keep coming back to it. It's fun and relaxing. The weapons feel amazing, I like the flavor of the theme and the dwarves.
Halokillz	Recommended	96.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Halokillz/	One of the few games that I feel that i should spend the time writing a review.  Im planning on keeping the review short due to alot of ideas and points being all ready covered by other reviewers. While the game is in early accses it does however feel and have the quality of a fully released title with a solid foundation and lots of room to grow. Each class allready has their own special role (to where not having one of each can make the mission that extra difficult to complete. The devs since launch are freaquently interacting with the community via social media (especialy the official discord) and are open to feedback and suggestions from everything from balence to major features such as game modes, more customization and progression among a host of other things. Lastly their is a roadmap that provides info about all the planed updates in the coming months and remember, ROCK AND STONE! :)
Krillin It	Recommended	2.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198041349539/	Only have about two hours in and three missions under my belt, but this game is awesome! Gunplay feels solid, classes all work well with each other and so far the community is very friendly and helpful. My only issue so far is that the character progression feels a bit lacking, but it's still an early access title so that could very well change.8/10 will play again and again.
John the Useful	Recommended	55.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ilikehotpockets/	Please join in our efforts to raise enough funds to refurbish our ancestral home of Moria which was ravaged by the Balrog.
ImAJehovasWitness	Recommended	6.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ImaJehovasWitness/	This game is awesome playing with friends. It can still be very enjoyable with randoms which 9 out of 10 times it is, but theres always that one time the host will kick you for no reason or the other players will vote to kick because you arent a higher level as they are. it is a positive review for now because there are easily more pros than cons! but hopefully they decide to fix the kicking issue.
Scotsgrey	Recommended	26.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198011102125/	Fun game, is like Left 4 Dead 2 + Minecraft + Alien Swarm. Those three are all good games. I haven't really suffered any bugs except once so for an early access game it feels to be already complete. Better to pick it up now than wait later till the price rises back up when the game enter full release.
hellstorm102	Recommended	58.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/hellstorm102/	Space Dwarves meets L4D and Starship Troopers.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HI0x0KYChq4 
bluebull107	Recommended	10.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/bluebull107/	I love this game. It is a true coop game with great class progression system.You can choose from 4 main classes. It is a grind to get them leveled up but it makes it all worth it. You have to collect certain materials for certain weapons, so its not all just a grind. You can pick and choose which play style fits your needs.If you love swarms of enemies too, then this is the game for you. For the price, this game is boatloads of fun for any type of gamer. YOU WONT FIND A GAME LIKE THIS ON THE MARKET. IT IS COMPLETELY ORIGINAL AND ENJOYABLE FOR EVERYONE.
skatche	Recommended	20.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/skatche/	If you're a fan of both Dwarf Fortress and Team Fortress, this might be a game for you. If you like what you see in the trailer, just buy it, because it's pretty much exactly what it looks like. Badass space dwarves, fully destructible terrain, waves of spider hordes. You can play solo, but I recommend the four-player co-op.For an Early Access game, it's surprisingly well-rounded and fully-featured. The four character classes are well-balanced, though unfortunately there's only one interesting synergy (between scout and engineer) at the moment. Level generation is solid, and each cave ends up feeling fairly unique; some features, like hives of deadly alien bees, only show up in occasional maps, so even after hours of co-op I was still discovering new things. The different regions could stand to be a little more different from each other, but I suppose that will come in time. Enemy variety is decent, but still needs more work -- probably another one or two whole classes of enemy. The pace is a nice balance between quiet lulls for exploration and swarms of baddies. And there are four different difficulty levels to pick from, with 3 being a decent challenge and 4 (from what I've heard) very hard. All in all, it took about ten hours consecutively to start getting a little samey; in all honesty they probably could have released it as-is and it would be adequate; but it's good that they're still working on adding new content.
Didz	Recommended	12.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/diddicus/	In alpha this game is already fun. Group up with some friends or some randos to mine and murder alien scum.  i can imagine so much fun potential for this game.
captain_flask	Recommended	36.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198003610911/	Yes! The multiplayer co-op experience I wanted from Star Wars: Republic Commando that I never got! Go on missions with friends or random players and get rich!
Capnflintlock	Recommended	3.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198012883252/	The game is like a cross between Minecraft, Left 4 Dead, and Starship Troopers. You start off every level by landing in a drop pod which burrows deep undeground. You then need to find specific minerals, plants, or what have you from the surrounding caverns. To accomplish this, you dig through the terrain. You'll encounter everything from basic tunnels, to massive rooms, with multiple platforms. You'll need to use ziplines or build bridges to reach where you need to go. On the way, you'll be granted a courteous visit by some of the planets local inhabitants. These Insectoids/aliens don't really put up much of a fight, but eventually they'll arrive in large swarms, in which you'll need to stay close to your allies to survive. They come out of the ground, the ceiling, walls, in pretty much every direction. It get's crazy. Once you collect the goods, you need to retreat back to the evac point within 5 minutes, all the while endless swarms of enemies chase you down.There are four classes you can choose from, and they all have a role to fit on the team. Scouts can quickly traverse the terrain, and light the surrounding area up with their flare gun. Gunners are effective at killing anything that appears, Drillers can tunnel through the terrain, and Engineers can build turrets and bridges. The classes are a little basic, but they get the job done.Not a bad game, but a tad bit pricey.
ForeverCola	Recommended	53.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198007171553/	Dwarves.  Mining.  Space Bugs.  A button that is only used to shout catch phrases like "ROCK AND STONE", or "No dwarf left behind!".  Regular dev communication and updates. Fun co-op traversal through procedurally generated caves filled with all sorts of appealing minerals and gems. Beards and mohawks.The progression is bareboned but I've got hopes to see that more fleshed out.  With a good team, even the most difficult levels are hardly a challenge most of the time, but occasionally a level will screw you with no real way around it.  The driller class is pretty "meh" most of the time.Overall, everything that isn't already perfect is fixable, and everything that is perfect has been set in stone.  Love it.
Floki	Recommended	35.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/flyingfishcake/	Leave no dwarf behind! :)
Al Borland	Recommended	21.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/pacmanswang/	This game is one of the best multiplayer experiences I've had in a good while and really hits that casual play niche that Left For Dead and other games used to fill.Pros:-Good gameplay combined with a decent range of randomly generated maps means that the gameplay loop doesn't get repetitive.-Well designed classes means that teamwork is encouraged and each person will have their own role to play-Movement is well designed with each class having it's own ways to deal with the interesting map features and no one feels too restricted-Constant updates and responsive dev team mean that I have much more faith in this title as an Early Access game than many others on the market.-You get to be a flamethrower wielding ♥♥♥♥ing space dwarf.Cons:-Talent system is relatively toned down in power meaning that ability unlocks feel a little lacklustre but this does mean new players don't feel left out I guess. Talents are often +x% augmenting some feature or speeding up an action slightly, rather than say unlocking a new ability.-The game currently has 4 classes each with their own pre-set equipment. I'd like to see more variety in future, if not in classes then in equipment.-I'm always running out of ammunition as the Scout because i'm a scrub.Game's incredible and you owe it to you and your friends to play the multiplayer.Rock and Stone boys.
GavinGalix	Recommended	62.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/GavinGalix/	I can now finally recommend this game since they just recently fixed the 21:9 support now and so far it looks amazing especially with the biome hazards ( SO KEWL AGH). Buy this game mainly if you have friends to play with in it 9.2/10
FishyFishy	Recommended	50.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Robofish4/	if you have 3 other friends and want a great game where you play as dwarfs in space and kill aliens while mining resources this is the game for you.
Hefty Dripual	Recommended	19.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/noobdestroyer135/	lord of the rings with dwarves.
Milk	Recommended	16.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/theoneandonlymilk/	Dont pay heed to the ignorant reviews about getting lost, they are kids who saw the mineing aspect and thought they could build. Thank you for Bosco and Tunk (resource dog thing).
Kalir	Recommended	9.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kalirsavant/	I could say a lot about how this game combines the co-op tension of Left 4 Dead with the kinds of excavation shenanigans of multiplayer Minecraft, but that would all pale in comparison to the wondrous sight of the Mighty Walrus mustache on the default Driller. It is a stupid, stupid thing of pure beauty that makes the world a brighter place.
WeRaInC LLC.	Recommended	28.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/wera/	Rawk and Stone To the bone!
Swaggurl1994	Recommended	19.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Heyitsdog/	Get some friends, waste all your ammo, panic, die, repeat.
A Nice Egg In This Trying Time	Recommended	24.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/aniceegginthistryingtime/	DEEP ♂ ROCK ♂ FANTASIES
Gedet	Recommended	55.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198079184310/	GG
Satherian	Recommended	103.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Satherian/	GET IT. Combines good combat with the fun of mining. It's got a lot of gamemodes and variable caves that it'll take a while for the game to get boring.Also, messing with the glitchy barrels is half the fun
SNART	Recommended	145.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198045426357/	Awesome.
BustedVinyls	Recommended	21.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198055225210/	Tons of fun for everyone. ROCK AND STONE!
Mr.McDuck	Recommended	7.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mrmcduck/	Great gameplay, but lacks content.
Evil Naked Fishmonger	Recommended	28.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/EvilNakedFishmonger/	What's there is pretty good. I like the art style and sound.But it's very repetitive with nothing much to aim for: the cosmetics are all overly expensive and feel like a waste so I never even got a new stache and the upgrade trees I did were dull and barely noticably.The missions types aren't all the most different, exciting or varied either as well as the enemy types.I did like my time with it, the enviroments were amazing at first, but I just feel done with it now in it's current state but I hope I pick it up again further down the line.PS My Weird Tanget...The physics just aren't all that fun imo, with the 'I wonder if we could...' moments we had near always being dissapointments (with things like C4s not sticking to the bot) besides your friend being able to call the bot and you  being able to balance on it while it scales entire cliffs to get to your friend and you being able to avoid fall damage by bouncing on someones head. I love finding that kind of stuff out. I might be alone on that but I think players being able to think out the box and solve stuff in fun ways takes away from the sameyness and you create more fond memories of a game. I feel the grapple hook especially and it's uses are lacking and could be a lot more fun.
Colonel Lingus	Recommended	280.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/carlthehomeless/	It's the game you didn't know you needed.
Inasu	Recommended	3.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Inasu/	Ok, not gonna lie, this game is stupidly fun, probably a lot more than it should me. But come on, you're a space dwarf with other space dwarves killing bugs and mining on an alien planet, what part of that sounds wrong?!
l-Ikazuchi-l	Recommended	22.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/KuroUmiNeko/	wanna try skill and teamwork ? just do it
Kalir	Recommended	9.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kalirsavant/	I could say a lot about how this game combines the co-op tension of Left 4 Dead with the kinds of excavation shenanigans of multiplayer Minecraft, but that would all pale in comparison to the wondrous sight of the Mighty Walrus mustache on the default Driller. It is a stupid, stupid thing of pure beauty that makes the world a brighter place.
WeRaInC LLC.	Recommended	28.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/wera/	Rawk and Stone To the bone!
Shazzamon	Recommended	29.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198054949718/	One minute you're mining with a buddy in the middle of bug-infested caverns, desperately trying not to get exploded, crushed or melted by acid as you attempt to gather precious minerals.The next you're playing rodeo with wild barrels in the lobby, with a button dedicated to "Dad Noises".All I can think of how to describe it is the constant "oh yes" sensation of finding rare gems in other diggers, but the monotony is broken up by randomly generated maps and pretty satisfying combat. It leaves you wanting some more action the moment you've filled your M.U.L.E. and have rushed to extraction.Possibly one of the best Early Access games I've seen yet, just hoping for a quick fix on the Memory Leak issue.(YE BE WARNED: TABBING CAN FORCE YOU TO RESTART YOUR COMPUTER! So play in Windowed, not WFullscreen or straight Fullscreen, and close the game if you need to tab out)Buckle up, Space Dwarves. You're in for some Sci-Fi fun with friends. This is a fantastic game to play with your pals or significant other, as it's designed for teamwork! Lots and lots of teamwork.
Zerarctem	Recommended	66.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198131662323/	Game is really enjoyable, it kind of acts like Helldivers and Warframe in a sense of you have your area where you select your mission, upgrade your gear and buy materials but the missions are procedurally generated. Yet the game feels like it has much more content to offer than both of the games I listed previously and it is in early access and getting regular updates.
Mr. Mimples	Recommended	13.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197971290802/	You just can't win with early access... The top complaints you will here are performance is bad, game breaking bugs, network issues. NONE OF THESE THINGS ARE PROBLEMS in Deep Rock Galactic. The game is like they claim, ROCK SOLID. I am positive that the very few issues this game has will be patched out in no time and let me state, there are very few issues with this game.People claim the game is repetitive. This is true but it's so much damn fun everytime. Lots of games are repetitive, most games are repetitive, the only difference is that this one remains fun. Finding your way down these very complex randomly generated cave systems is very interesting. It really challenges your memory and navigation skills. You really have to take into account your surroundings and leave your little trail of flares "jelly beans" to help you decide where you have been making getting back to your ship to extract very intense and exciting. Coupled with the beautiful and amazing lighting using the unreal 4 engine makes this game feel so right. Many things this game does just feels right. Everything just works how you would expect it to, like you would want it to.  This is definitely a buy. It is the most polished and playable EA title on the steam market place I can guarantee it. This game will only get better and it is the only game in a very long time that has held my attention for 5 hours a sitting.
ATC Guardian	Recommended	11.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ATCGuardian/	Early Access Review
Knee gears	Recommended	17.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/sampylk/	Hello,this is my first game review ever and i just had to say, that this is one of the best co-op games what i have played. 
Zeid	Recommended	52.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Herlezeid/	ROCK AND STONEEEEEEEE
Stig	Recommended	36.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198127007373/	ROCK& STONE
ATSgeoff	Recommended	25.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198086162694/	Although this is early access it is pretty much a finished game.  The game size is able 1-2GB which is insane for how much there is.So much fun with friends and super addictive.  I'm always itching to see what is in the next tunnel or opening.
ModerateMuslim	Recommended	153.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/guzmaishere/	Overall fun experience. 10/10.
E X O D U S	Recommended	24.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SmallAutism/	Most fun i've had with a game in a long time
The Von Blastawitz	Recommended	75.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197964138475/	This is a hidden gem of a game with fantastic coop and lots of potential.  Pros : - Good variety of classes. Each is unique and important for different circumstances. Yet you can still survive with multiples of the same class. -Map Diversity. There are unique resources needed to gather to enable upgrades to each class; the specific resources you need are set on completely different environments i.e. an Ice Planet, a lava planet, a gaseous planet. -Replayability. Each time you play it’s pretty much a new experience; a new cave to explore. Sometimes you don’t know what you will encounter. I’ve maxed out the upgrades for my favourite classes now but I’ll still play them again and again.-Fun. I’m sure this has been said before but it’s ‘Starship troopers’ with Dwarves. The game is alpha but feels solid. -Challenging. Since the latest update, the hardest difficulty setting is certainly more challenging. Most importantly, it’s challenging but still fun.  -Music. I love the music in this, especially when the drop pod has been called and your fighting through a wave of enemies, it’s proper epic and gives me goosebumps everytime! -Updates. The developers have poured a lot of love into this game. They update it fairly regularly which I’m really grateful for. Please keep them coming because this game has so much potential! Cons with possible improvements: -Low level players can join high difficulty games. Sometimes the division between new starters of the game to veterans of the game can be prominent. I’ve found myself white knighting new starts frequently because they have decided to play the game at the deep end early on, without learning the ropes. I believe this happens because new players want to get the bonus resources for playing at higher difficulties, so they can upgrade their classes faster. It would be good if the developers provided an option for hosts of the game to set a certain level limit somehow or cap, should they want to. -More class loadout options and deeper customization. I’m pretty sure this is going to be addressed in an update in November/December time, but it would be great if you could customize the loadout a tad further. More weapon choices would be sweet, perks or even gadgets. Adding further possibilities that could really determine the role I play in the game, at the moment it’s fine, but could be better. -Unlock special zones for accomplishing challenging missions and add bosses.-Build more stuff. It would be great if you had base building options. Maybe make a mini fall back base of some kind for certain missions or have missions based around base building offering different perks. Maybe have level progressions before you can unlock base building types i.e. different turrets, walls etc. Overall, I have a lot of love for this game. My main hope is the developers continue to update and develop it further because it has some serious potential if it decides to chase it.
Shisutoka	Recommended	24.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/shisutoka/	The first Early Access game i played which is actually  more then just playable its enjoyable for many hours and im looking forward to see how its gonna be in the upcoming time.Dwarfs 10/10Mining 10/10M.U.L.E8/10because sometimes hes a♥♥♥♥♥♥and climbs to the top of the cave after you called him to deposit youre minerals but hes also adorable so i rate him 10/10 to and did i mention there are Dwarfs and its co-op?in total i r8 20/10 would buy again
shadowghost	Recommended	37.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198069559394/	Gather your craziest friends and get ready to rip and tear while singing diggy diggy hole at all hours. 10/10 all the dwarfs
HYPER ONE	Recommended	31.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/theoriginalhyperone/	Damn, this game is good.The art style is gorgeous to look at, the weapons are fun and creative (my personal favorite being the Platform Gun), and the co-op is fantastic.  The best way I can describe this is Left 4 Dead/Vermintide + Minecraft.  And for early access there's a lot of fun to be had.
R0berion	Recommended	101.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197974620318/	I have had a really good time playing this game.it is simple yet thrilling and fun.grab some friends, quickmatch or play solo it is all good fun.Devs seem on point, released a very early update fixing some issues and adding some vanity items!
Blow your load and hit the Road	Recommended	44.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198117693049/	I personally liked this game a lot. I have been waiting for such kind of game for long; simple,fun to play,co-op with friends, strategic. I hope this game will develope in positive direction and bring to its fans lots of new stuff and a lot of fun.
PooptyPeutyPants	Recommended	7.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198064179009/	This game's awesome. Really well polished for early access.I love how it's a combination of left 4 dead, minecraft and astroneer. You play as a group of 4, with 4 different classes of characters. Each class is fun to play, and the unique abilities really drive home the team working aspect. So far the community seems pretty supportive too.
DwarfLord520	Recommended	86.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198206189349/	So far best game I have played this year,I love the randomly generated caves, in my experience no two caves have been the same. All the enemy's are fun to fight although sometimes the smallest one glitches through the floor so you cant hit it but thats not to common, the classes are all helpful in their own way and even if you don't have a full variety in your team its no big deal because every class has its own way of getting about (although going solo as engineer can be tuff especially if the only way to progress is a deep crevasse). Awsome game can't wait for more updates. (ROCK AND STONE TO THE BONE!!!)
Ray Purchase	Recommended	12.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Psylar/	Excellent gameplay! Very happy with the state of the game at launch.
beastlypython	Recommended	10.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/turkeyboy25/	Great co-op game that keeps all players involved.
Axios	Recommended	13.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198174088577/	AWSEOME!
Jeck	Recommended	32.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Jecksauce/	Rock & Stone, Brother!!!
Watcher The Woke	Recommended	32.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198061926556/	Why does everyone bully the mule,hes trying his best.This game is a affordable fun co-op that you can enjoy alone or with friends the graphics are good the plot makes sense and the characters are intertaining  would say 10/10
Yari	Recommended	16.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/rory290/	One of the first truly unique games I have seen in a long time. Cant recommend enough! DiggingShootingExploringDyingIt can all be found here!
Butznutz	Recommended	7.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197985288676/	This game is serious fun. I bought this game for me and my 2 kids and we are having a blast. I know its still not finished, but this game has a rock solid foundation and can only get better with time. I highy recommend this game
Kyury	Recommended	38.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198063341808/	Gorgeous.
DarkriteLORD	Recommended	41.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/rollquile5/	THIS GAME IS ♥♥♥♥ING AWESOME!!!
Banguin	Recommended	34.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/xPyrofox/	First of all: For an early access (EA) game this runs veeery well. Smooth 60 synched fps at max garphics with a bad i5 and GTX 770. Seems pretty easy to achieve with the poly-style but still good to see in EA. What we get here in general is NOT A FINISHED GAME. It's the core that we get to play and it feels good.+solid amount of different biomes and good generator to make the same level feel different+mission variety for every level. Sometimes you have to collect eggs, sometimes plants, sometimes fossils etc.+smooth gameplay, both gathering and fighting+lots of enemy types. small and big ones, melee and ranged, explosive or not, or even with special abilities.+very low amount of bugs. Didn't encounter anything special or gamebreaking in 8 hours of playtime+4 different classes, each plays significantly different than the others+BEARDS!+you can dig literally everywhere. does it make sense? maybe not. is it fun? ♥♥♥♥ yeah!+nice developer updates+20€-no long-term goals for now (as I said before, this is the core of the game. So you can play and farm ressources. All around that is in the making). I don't see this "I'm gonna farm 20 hours just to get this one big thing"-moment so far. you go into the caves, get ressources and see if you can spend them on something right after you finish the run. Then you go on.-the zerg waves are not really coordinated. You get a warning, search a save spot and shoot anything that comes from one direction. Don't expect any complexity that try to juke you like Warhammer Vermintide or similar games. Maybe in higher difficulties. Tried 3 so far.Really good game, for EA. Just try it but don't expect infinite content ;-) 
Shazzamon	Recommended	29.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198054949718/	One minute you're mining with a buddy in the middle of bug-infested caverns, desperately trying not to get exploded, crushed or melted by acid as you attempt to gather precious minerals.The next you're playing rodeo with wild barrels in the lobby, with a button dedicated to "Dad Noises".All I can think of how to describe it is the constant "oh yes" sensation of finding rare gems in other diggers, but the monotony is broken up by randomly generated maps and pretty satisfying combat. It leaves you wanting some more action the moment you've filled your M.U.L.E. and have rushed to extraction.Possibly one of the best Early Access games I've seen yet, just hoping for a quick fix on the Memory Leak issue.(YE BE WARNED: TABBING CAN FORCE YOU TO RESTART YOUR COMPUTER! So play in Windowed, not WFullscreen or straight Fullscreen, and close the game if you need to tab out)Buckle up, Space Dwarves. You're in for some Sci-Fi fun with friends. This is a fantastic game to play with your pals or significant other, as it's designed for teamwork! Lots and lots of teamwork.
Zerarctem	Recommended	66.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198131662323/	Game is really enjoyable, it kind of acts like Helldivers and Warframe in a sense of you have your area where you select your mission, upgrade your gear and buy materials but the missions are procedurally generated. Yet the game feels like it has much more content to offer than both of the games I listed previously and it is in early access and getting regular updates.
Al Borland	Recommended	21.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/pacmanswang/	This game is one of the best multiplayer experiences I've had in a good while and really hits that casual play niche that Left For Dead and other games used to fill.Pros:-Good gameplay combined with a decent range of randomly generated maps means that the gameplay loop doesn't get repetitive.-Well designed classes means that teamwork is encouraged and each person will have their own role to play-Movement is well designed with each class having it's own ways to deal with the interesting map features and no one feels too restricted-Constant updates and responsive dev team mean that I have much more faith in this title as an Early Access game than many others on the market.-You get to be a flamethrower wielding ♥♥♥♥ing space dwarf.Cons:-Talent system is relatively toned down in power meaning that ability unlocks feel a little lacklustre but this does mean new players don't feel left out I guess. Talents are often +x% augmenting some feature or speeding up an action slightly, rather than say unlocking a new ability.-The game currently has 4 classes each with their own pre-set equipment. I'd like to see more variety in future, if not in classes then in equipment.-I'm always running out of ammunition as the Scout because i'm a scrub.Game's incredible and you owe it to you and your friends to play the multiplayer.Rock and Stone boys.
GavinGalix	Recommended	62.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/GavinGalix/	I can now finally recommend this game since they just recently fixed the 21:9 support now and so far it looks amazing especially with the biome hazards ( SO KEWL AGH). Buy this game mainly if you have friends to play with in it 9.2/10
FishyFishy	Recommended	50.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Robofish4/	if you have 3 other friends and want a great game where you play as dwarfs in space and kill aliens while mining resources this is the game for you.
Hefty Dripual	Recommended	19.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/noobdestroyer135/	lord of the rings with dwarves.
Milk	Recommended	16.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/theoneandonlymilk/	Dont pay heed to the ignorant reviews about getting lost, they are kids who saw the mineing aspect and thought they could build. Thank you for Bosco and Tunk (resource dog thing).
Pyjames	Recommended	10.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198044871947/	Really nice mix of the dynamics of L4D2, Minecraft and TF2, but so fresh and original on its own.Can be both anxiety driven or extremely amusing.Also...ROOOCCCKKKKK AND SSTTTTTTOOONNEEE BRUDDDAAAA!!!
Tiranit	Recommended	6.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/tiranit/	Mix Minecraft with Helldivers and you get this game. Fun mechanics, cool team play enviroment, solo support for missions and a few funny things that you will see in-game ;). I recommend!
VXV	Recommended	6.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198003316075/	The game is pretty simple. Kinda like procedural left4dead with space dwarves. But man even though it has simplistic low poly visuals, this game has the meatiest combat I've played in a while. Explosions are epic and shotguning a bug in the face just feels great. The only thing I can wish for is bots and making an actual shooter game with a core mechanic being this good.
Kyury	Recommended	38.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198063341808/	Gorgeous.
DarkriteLORD	Recommended	41.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/rollquile5/	THIS GAME IS ♥♥♥♥ING AWESOME!!!
Banguin	Recommended	34.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/xPyrofox/	First of all: For an early access (EA) game this runs veeery well. Smooth 60 synched fps at max garphics with a bad i5 and GTX 770. Seems pretty easy to achieve with the poly-style but still good to see in EA. What we get here in general is NOT A FINISHED GAME. It's the core that we get to play and it feels good.+solid amount of different biomes and good generator to make the same level feel different+mission variety for every level. Sometimes you have to collect eggs, sometimes plants, sometimes fossils etc.+smooth gameplay, both gathering and fighting+lots of enemy types. small and big ones, melee and ranged, explosive or not, or even with special abilities.+very low amount of bugs. Didn't encounter anything special or gamebreaking in 8 hours of playtime+4 different classes, each plays significantly different than the others+BEARDS!+you can dig literally everywhere. does it make sense? maybe not. is it fun? ♥♥♥♥ yeah!+nice developer updates+20€-no long-term goals for now (as I said before, this is the core of the game. So you can play and farm ressources. All around that is in the making). I don't see this "I'm gonna farm 20 hours just to get this one big thing"-moment so far. you go into the caves, get ressources and see if you can spend them on something right after you finish the run. Then you go on.-the zerg waves are not really coordinated. You get a warning, search a save spot and shoot anything that comes from one direction. Don't expect any complexity that try to juke you like Warhammer Vermintide or similar games. Maybe in higher difficulties. Tried 3 so far.Really good game, for EA. Just try it but don't expect infinite content ;-) 
Arleyinthemorning	Recommended	20.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198399718284/	i look forward to seeing where this game goes. Deep Rock Galactic is a fun crazy little game where playing with my friends in what seems like endless tunnels that can loop around and overall drive us all crazy while dodging the swarm at all costs and fighting tooth and nail to get back all while screaming "Rock and Stone" makes it time well spent.
a Fat Sassy Cat	Recommended	54.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198090528614/	Great game if you are looking for a fun, intense, and casual game. Best description would be a Minecraft with actual purpose combined with horde mode aliens and some dope dancing dwarves.Best if you have friends to play it with, obviously, but there is a public discord where you can join and play with any random squad for some fun.10/10 would dance again with a bunch of random dwarves to a dank Sax solo.  Looks like it has a promising future, all the Devs need to do is add in a few more mission types and some new enemies to keep it fresh every once in awhile.
Goodguy3	Recommended	19.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Goodguy3/	It's very fun.
Fw0000ly Co0ly	Recommended	7.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/M0m00/	I'm a drawf and I get to dig holes. But I'm not sure about the price I'd hold off till more content.
SoudeCaustix	Recommended	28.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/sehnstein/	Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥!!!A mix of craft the world and Left for dead 2 with an electro music portal like ...The perfect game ?Buy it and you won't regret (better with friend but probably like all coop games ...)
Pyjames	Recommended	10.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198044871947/	Really nice mix of the dynamics of L4D2, Minecraft and TF2, but so fresh and original on its own.Can be both anxiety driven or extremely amusing.Also...ROOOCCCKKKKK AND SSTTTTTTOOONNEEE BRUDDDAAAA!!!
Reichen Dela Haust	Recommended	14.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Reichenhaust/	Dwarfs... In Space... Say. No. More.Seriously buy and try the game, it's fun especially if you have a friend or two to join ya.
Kronic	Recommended	232.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/falcon20922/	As fun as it looks, delivers on it's promises and met my hype.
HJ757	Recommended	65.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Survive757/	It's basically Left 4 dead meets a resource gathering game meets starship troopers and it's nothing short of amazing. I'm looking forward to more weapons, more cutomization and more interesting perks but right now the game is seriously fun. They just need to continue to expand everything and this game will become absolutely solid.
Insane	Recommended	18.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/1N54N3/	First, a word block. I love this game. From the quick (or longer if you want) mission times, to the cheesy but loveable dwarf voice lines, to the using miniguns in space to kill bugs that are determined to stop you from looting their 'home', and even the awesome 'Stranger Things'-ish soundtrack during intense fight sections. It has a lot of smaller elements that cook into one amazing game that you should bring 3 friends to play co-op with. While you can play this game solo, I never have, and really don't see why anyone would want to. It is still in early access, but already very playable and very fun. The devs seem to actually care about the players and the expectations and hopes that we have, a exceedingly rare thing these days among game devs. Support them with your money and do yourself a solid by picking this gem up. Overall I'd give it an 8/10 for now, probably better once it hits version 1.0.Edit: As a side note, there is a lot of progression to this game. There are 4 classes each with unique unlocks and a lot of cosmetics to buy. I wouldn't say the grind is extreme or unfun, but it will keep you busy and coming back for more...and more.---{Graphics}---☐ Masterpiece☐ Beautiful☑ Good☐ Decent☐ Will do☐ Bad☐ Awful☐ Paint.exe---{Gameplay}--- ☐ Try not to get addicted☑ Very good☐ Good☐ Nothing special☐ Ehh☐ Bad☐ Just dont---{Audio}--- ☑ Eargasm☐ Very good☐ Good☐ Decent☐ Not too bad☐ Bad☐ Earrape---{Audience}--- ☐ Kids☐ Teens☐ Adults☑ Everyone---{PC Requirements}--- ☐ Check if you can run paint☐ Potato☐ Minimum☑ Decent☐ Fast☐ Rich boi☐ Ask NASA if they have a spare computer---{Difficulity}--- ☐ Just press a bunch of buttons☐ Easy☑ Significant brain usage ☐ Easy to learn / Hard to master☐ Not so easy☐ Difficult☐ Dark Souls---{Grind}--- ☐ Nothing☐ Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks☐ Isnt necessary to progress☐ A bit grindy sometimes☑ Average grind level☐ Too much grind☐ Insanity---{Story}--- ☑ Doesnt have☐ Something isnt nothing I guess☐ Not great☐ Average☐ Good☐ Lovley☐ Will make u cry or smile alot---{Game Time}--- ☐ Long enough for a cup of tea☑ Short☐ Average☐ Long☐ Depends on u☐ Endless---{Price}--- ☐ Just buy it☑ Worth the price☐ Wait for sale☐ Maybe if u have some spare money left☐ Not recommended☐ Dont throw money into a trash can---{Bugs}--- ☑ Never had any☐ Minor bugs☐ Few bugs ☐ Can get annoying☐ Ruining the game☐ The game itself is a big terrarium for bugs~~~~Multiplayer~~~~---{Servers}--- ☑ No issues (Depends on how strong the internet of the host is)☐ Minor lags every few hours☐ Can get laggy sometimes☐ Oh the ping..☐ Often disconnects☐ Unplayable---{Status}--- ☐ Top☑ Always some people around☐ Not so easy to find people for the party☐ You ll have to wait for anyone to join☐ Barely any soul alive☐ Dead like my insides---{Matchmaking}--- ☐ Depends on the host☐ Brilliant☐ Fair☐ You might see much more experienced/stronger players☐ Unbalanced☐ Completely unfair☑ Non-existing
Banguin	Recommended	34.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/xPyrofox/	First of all: For an early access (EA) game this runs veeery well. Smooth 60 synched fps at max garphics with a bad i5 and GTX 770. Seems pretty easy to achieve with the poly-style but still good to see in EA. What we get here in general is NOT A FINISHED GAME. It's the core that we get to play and it feels good.+solid amount of different biomes and good generator to make the same level feel different+mission variety for every level. Sometimes you have to collect eggs, sometimes plants, sometimes fossils etc.+smooth gameplay, both gathering and fighting+lots of enemy types. small and big ones, melee and ranged, explosive or not, or even with special abilities.+very low amount of bugs. Didn't encounter anything special or gamebreaking in 8 hours of playtime+4 different classes, each plays significantly different than the others+BEARDS!+you can dig literally everywhere. does it make sense? maybe not. is it fun? ♥♥♥♥ yeah!+nice developer updates+20€-no long-term goals for now (as I said before, this is the core of the game. So you can play and farm ressources. All around that is in the making). I don't see this "I'm gonna farm 20 hours just to get this one big thing"-moment so far. you go into the caves, get ressources and see if you can spend them on something right after you finish the run. Then you go on.-the zerg waves are not really coordinated. You get a warning, search a save spot and shoot anything that comes from one direction. Don't expect any complexity that try to juke you like Warhammer Vermintide or similar games. Maybe in higher difficulties. Tried 3 so far.Really good game, for EA. Just try it but don't expect infinite content ;-) 
Arleyinthemorning	Recommended	20.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198399718284/	i look forward to seeing where this game goes. Deep Rock Galactic is a fun crazy little game where playing with my friends in what seems like endless tunnels that can loop around and overall drive us all crazy while dodging the swarm at all costs and fighting tooth and nail to get back all while screaming "Rock and Stone" makes it time well spent.
a Fat Sassy Cat	Recommended	54.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198090528614/	Great game if you are looking for a fun, intense, and casual game. Best description would be a Minecraft with actual purpose combined with horde mode aliens and some dope dancing dwarves.Best if you have friends to play it with, obviously, but there is a public discord where you can join and play with any random squad for some fun.10/10 would dance again with a bunch of random dwarves to a dank Sax solo.  Looks like it has a promising future, all the Devs need to do is add in a few more mission types and some new enemies to keep it fresh every once in awhile.
HighPriorityToast	Recommended	62.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198052377847/	YEET
=(eGO)= WeaponizedBattleToaster	Recommended	16.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198372821445/	I see amazing potental in this game. I love the concept and I love the gameplay. I cant wait to see what this game will become. Like any Alpha game, it is full of bugs and the terrain editing aspect can be bugy at times with small pieces of rock or dirt floating in the air, which act as barriers for you to have to navigate around. My advice for solving this is to just have any rock that isnt connected to the main part of the map (ie: floating in midair) should just disapear or something like that. Also the dance moves are amazing.
Gaming Appetizer	Recommended	67.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Gaming_Appetizer/	So far THE MOST FUN game of 2018 (with AT LEAST one friend)!Ha legalább 1 baráttal tolod akkor ez 2018 LEGSZÓRAKOZTATÓBB játéka!
HalfSaneFox	Recommended	9.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198054817432/	Overall its a great game, Its a good multiplayer game, i enjoy the cave networks. us pllease fix Boscos aim, he doesn't shoot cave leeches where they can actually be injured which means if you ever get caught by one its one hundred percent death time.
So_Ghost_E	Recommended	7.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jarek123201/	This game honestly blew me away. It has pretty good graphics, optimized nicely, and has a ton of secrets to discover! This game is amazing with friends, and playing with random people is also amazing. The community is really friendly. Once I bought this game I could not stop playing it. The voice acting is great and gives the character a personality, a funny one ;) I would definantly recommend this game to everyone. Every thing seems pretty solid, and very stable, and it's only in early access, I can not wait to see what else they add into the game. Great game.
JERF STERM	Recommended	8.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198077037125/	Amazing game, love that the team is constantly rolling out updates, looking forward to more content as well as higher difficulties!
Borradao	Recommended	61.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197995526311/	Great CO-OP fun!Game looks like a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ when i first saw it, i thought "oh look another pile of garbage early acces game".But it is actually a brilliant game. An early acces bias killer!Gameplay is great, COOP-wise it is well-balanced. It has great lightning effects, enjoyable gameplay, good destruction, "upside down" from Stranger Things alike music, warcraft like cartoony graphics and humour, it feels like a finished game rather than an early acces. I've encountered one single bug in my 30+ hours of gameplay time. It has in-game voice chat, it doesn't feel like a game designed for 12 year olds unlike the games of 2010s. Navigation is really hard sometimes, forces you to play and communicate with your team which are all good. Maps are procedurely generated, and complicated enough so it doesn't bore you out. Every round is a new challange and it really deserves its price.If you're looking for a game to chill, this is it. It'll be released officially in february, devs keep adding content updates but as i said before, it doesn't feel like an early access game at all. Has a big and mature playerbase. Definetly recommended. 
100greenmen	Recommended	60.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/100greenmen/	I just wanted to say that this game is pretty fun. That is all.
Bluehascancer	Recommended	10.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198106932316/	Amazing idea for a game and one of the best experience ive ever had with my friend
Carlz0r	Recommended	33.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mastatsan/	I love this game.  Going on mining expeditions with my friends has been one of the most fun things I've done in a while.  The tense, action-packed, and even the frustrating and hilarious moments during each mission have made every single play session worth it.. we've had stories to tell to the people who couldn't be there, and funny references to old missions to bring up and laugh about.For those of you who don't have online friends who would play this, you can always jump in with some random people on servers, and there's even a built-in voice chat function for communicating with those people.  Even if you don't have a headset, you can use the pointer tool for some basic communication.. so really, just play this game in multiplayer if possible, I don't think it'd be as fun solo, even though that's an option.Just when we were thinking that the game might have a little too much repetitiveness, we found out that there are more game modes.. in addition to mining and egg-collection missions that are availible early on, you'll eventually be able to get access to hunting and point extraction missions, which play fairly differently.  The enemy variety COULD be a little better, but it's fine as-is.. and maybe more enemies will be added during the Early Access period anyway, we'll just have to see.The 4 distinct classes work well together in almost any configuration.  Though it's probably best to have a mix of different classes in a team, it's perfectly playable if everyone wants to play the same class, really.  More engineers means more turrets and placable platforms.. more gunners means more ziplines and more firepower.. The sky is the limit, and you'll find yourself having a unique type of fun and challenges with any configuration.I love playing Gunner, because I love ziplining around the levels.. especially during escape sequences, when seconds matter toward getting back to the dropship in time, and large gaps may need to be crossed, however, I can't tell you how many times we've had our butts saved by my friend playing Driller who simply tunnelled us to victory.  We like to laugh at our Scout, who tends to die a lot from fall damage, but is good at finding where we need to go next.. and our Engineer, whose turrets have gotten us out of plenty of sticky, hectic enemy swarms.The feeling of cooperation in this game is hard to match... and like I said before, you'll certainly have some awesome stories you'll be able to tell from your expeditions down into this games varied types of cave systems and mission types will.This is Early Access done correctly.  The game is already fun, already stable, already great.. and it can only get better from here on.  I look forward to seeing what the updates bring.  If you're thinking about this, Definitely get it!
Wookie404	Recommended	99.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/wookie404/	The long awaited sequel to Dig Dug.... now with co-op
Ballsack_001034	Recommended	99.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198129568100/	This game have originality, and its very fun playing with friends. But it can be much more fun if further ideas invested. My suggestion: -Add a giant boss that is so hard and huge to defeat that sometimes its better to avoid (turning off the lights and hidding)    -Add another mode for p v p (see whos faster collecting resources or leader board)   -Add more upgradables: your own space home above the surface? But overall cant complant much, just need more upgrades for getting players engaging longer time. 
Scooty	Recommended	60.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197966276994/	Fun game.Hope to see more stuff.Id like to see cave-ins even large boulders that squash your dude.The main ship base is neat and has more tunnels not unlocked yet so thats fun.
Gnome	Recommended	25.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198302137166/	yesvery very fun so far i recommoned you play with mates thoas it may become boring alone.
FishyFishy	Recommended	50.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Robofish4/	if you have 3 other friends and want a great game where you play as dwarfs in space and kill aliens while mining resources this is the game for you.
Hefty Dripual	Recommended	19.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/noobdestroyer135/	lord of the rings with dwarves.
Knee gears	Recommended	17.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/sampylk/	Hello,this is my first game review ever and i just had to say, that this is one of the best co-op games what i have played. 
Zeid	Recommended	52.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Herlezeid/	ROCK AND STONEEEEEEEE
=(eGO)= WeaponizedBattleToaster	Recommended	16.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198372821445/	I see amazing potental in this game. I love the concept and I love the gameplay. I cant wait to see what this game will become. Like any Alpha game, it is full of bugs and the terrain editing aspect can be bugy at times with small pieces of rock or dirt floating in the air, which act as barriers for you to have to navigate around. My advice for solving this is to just have any rock that isnt connected to the main part of the map (ie: floating in midair) should just disapear or something like that. Also the dance moves are amazing.
Gaming Appetizer	Recommended	67.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Gaming_Appetizer/	So far THE MOST FUN game of 2018 (with AT LEAST one friend)!Ha legalább 1 baráttal tolod akkor ez 2018 LEGSZÓRAKOZTATÓBB játéka!
HalfSaneFox	Recommended	9.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198054817432/	Overall its a great game, Its a good multiplayer game, i enjoy the cave networks. us pllease fix Boscos aim, he doesn't shoot cave leeches where they can actually be injured which means if you ever get caught by one its one hundred percent death time.
So_Ghost_E	Recommended	7.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jarek123201/	This game honestly blew me away. It has pretty good graphics, optimized nicely, and has a ton of secrets to discover! This game is amazing with friends, and playing with random people is also amazing. The community is really friendly. Once I bought this game I could not stop playing it. The voice acting is great and gives the character a personality, a funny one ;) I would definantly recommend this game to everyone. Every thing seems pretty solid, and very stable, and it's only in early access, I can not wait to see what else they add into the game. Great game.
JERF STERM	Recommended	8.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198077037125/	Amazing game, love that the team is constantly rolling out updates, looking forward to more content as well as higher difficulties!
Borradao	Recommended	61.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197995526311/	Great CO-OP fun!Game looks like a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ when i first saw it, i thought "oh look another pile of garbage early acces game".But it is actually a brilliant game. An early acces bias killer!Gameplay is great, COOP-wise it is well-balanced. It has great lightning effects, enjoyable gameplay, good destruction, "upside down" from Stranger Things alike music, warcraft like cartoony graphics and humour, it feels like a finished game rather than an early acces. I've encountered one single bug in my 30+ hours of gameplay time. It has in-game voice chat, it doesn't feel like a game designed for 12 year olds unlike the games of 2010s. Navigation is really hard sometimes, forces you to play and communicate with your team which are all good. Maps are procedurely generated, and complicated enough so it doesn't bore you out. Every round is a new challange and it really deserves its price.If you're looking for a game to chill, this is it. It'll be released officially in february, devs keep adding content updates but as i said before, it doesn't feel like an early access game at all. Has a big and mature playerbase. Definetly recommended. 
Mukky	Recommended	10.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mukkywafflez/	ROCK AND STONE!Deep Rock Galactic is a game about a team of sci-fi Dwarves going underground on a hostile alien planet to kill bugs and get rich.Dwarves are awesome, guns are awesome, dwarves with guns is awesome.
Mogmoreon	Recommended	16.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198220381220/	Its a surprisingly fun game with alot to do and alot to collect the game is some how quite difficult for some users i found that it is a challenge when you are requested to leave the planet and complete the mission with the supplies that you found while searching for the required materials. What i really enjoy is that the materials that you find and use contribute to how much money you recive in the end which really helps with the natural feel of how the game is. The game has a really witty way of showing that you are an intergalactic miner and i really enjoy the way the game was made i really hope that the game will show to be more intersting as time goes on.
ethanol	Recommended	46.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/zEthanol/	This game is fantastic. Great fun with friends. Definitely recommend it.
my privacy settings	Recommended	90.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/fatscoot/	deep rock saved my life
Nice Girl	Recommended	6.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/MoffLizer/	This games good but I bought it with the pretense others would buy it too but I was wrong
Musoka	Recommended	31.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197988638190/	Really nice CO-OP game for 'Early Access' worth for the money but don't leave any dwarfs behind!
Greedy_af	Recommended	25.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198119240870/	Really nice co-op game with addictive gameplay and  beautiful caves to explore here's my personnal list of things I'dd like to see added in the future.Classes a trapper class could be added with let's say a crossbow or sniper , with a new pistol and he could have let's say some weird bear traps and as a navigation tool maybe he could have just a rope he could place on ledges or a camp fire he could set up to heal every one a little and a funny animation could be everyboddy dancing and having a beer around the fire. Another great class could be an old-school dwarf with like a hammer and a tromplon that could forge some protection for the team like a metal platform with walls and as for navigation he might have explosives good against walls or torches. Finally a ground breaking class that would ''live of the land'' collecting stuff on fallen enemies to use as weapon like shread their legs to fight and use the special types of spider to make bombs like a poison bomb with the green , a spider web bomb , an acid bomb to break walls etc...More meaningfull things to doThe game , although it's great and fun, feels  a little too grindy at time and even if maps are random and diversed after 10hours I started feeling like I was doing the same stuff over and over again with not much of goal at the end besides grinding for cosmetics. Don't get me wrong  though , every single thing you have here is fun and well done I just think there needs to be more for exemple , single player campain maybe , more guns and gadgets for each class so everyone can feel different as far as gunplay goes even if they're the same class. Aslo the caves are really amaizing and beautifull but at times the lack a bit of life , for exemple my friends and I would really like to see the "sci-fi-dwarf'' theme too be expended upon with things such as ruins of dwarf temples , dwarf skelletons , wreckage of mining equipement , some rare treasures containing either minerals or cometics. Adding more cosmetics could be nice as well and I would just straight up love some camos for my guns and equipements.combatI absolutely love the mobility of the scout , this class was the most challenging for me to master but now that I can just switch to my grappling hook in mid-air and switch back to my gun and destroy monster I love it so much and I think it shows that combat needs diversity and challenge not as in more hp or dmg for the enemies but more use of the player's skills required to take them down as I mentionned with the scout , which could be done by adding new classes or expanding on the ones already there alot.MissionsAdding new objectives would be nice like destroy big enemy nest that's bothering X mining station , mixing up the ones you got could be nice as well like for exemples instead of collecting 10 eggs or 400 morkite it could be nice to make it like collect 5 eggs and 200 morkite , more risk/reward during the actual mission could be achieved by getting random calls from the radio guy to go do some very dangerous random events in room that are closed , for exemple a big boss monster that was in cage but broke free , miners in danger or a room filled with electic crystal and monsters containg an old dwarf ruin with dwarf skelletons and a big reward like an exiting chest containing whathever you decide like minerals , cosmetics , guns etc..New ennemiesthe only really good one I can come up with is a skelleton dwarf wielding a hammer and some with crossbows , they could be either dressed as dead miners , sci-fi dwarf armor looking medieval-ish or just bones but of course let their bear on their skull to embrace the games silly-ness and as well it could be funny to have them drinking beer by a fire until they see you and rally up.Killing them could be funny as well like having them slagging you off as their souls leave their bodyOthersA crossbow or a sniper would make perfect for a hunter class I mentionned , some smg that looks like a futuristic mp5 or more assault rifles like the classic ak but maybe give it a twist in it's look , make it dwarfy and futurustic and goofy. More customization on guns would be just the beast thing , like different skins and attachements. And for customizing your dwarf and thing the way to go is to let the player choose between looking more badass and serious for your more classic type of player with like more armored looking gear or even military looking gear and for your more light hearted type of player that just wants to floss and drink bear I thing some goofy looking gear could be perfect with thing like themed gear a bit like they do over at fortnite:BR like referencing popular culture like movies , like for exemple a chuck norris looking set , a robo-cob one one that looks like buzz-lightning or whathever the name of the green guy in toy story of course you probably can't straight up copy them because of copyright but I don't know make them look just enough similar so they just remind the players pf the caracters but with a sci-fi dwarf twist so you don't get sued of pixar and stuff.Emotes referencing popular culture would be perfect as well and very funny ! Step up the meme game and people of the internet will notice the game more and more ! 
Ub3rH4L0	Recommended	202.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197992603159/	Early Access Review
Empanada339 (TB)	Recommended	61.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/supergraham339/	I will recount my first couple hours in game.1. Spawn in tutorial mission.2. Press F to throw flare, be amazed at ability to throw flare for some reason.3. Wander around smashing rocks and pumping aliens full of lead.4. Extract.5. Wait for friend to finish downloading game.6. While waiting, kick barrels into launch bay and get yelled at by your boss.7. Continue your mischievous streak and knock all barrels into launch bay.8. Repeat #69. Launch mission with friend and commence crazy dwarf space fun.10. Repeat #3 but this time with friends. I've been disappointed time and time again by Early Access games, but Deep Rock Gaming seems to be a pretty complete game compared to most of Early Access. With that being said-- I believe there is still alot of growth to be had, but the fundamental gameplay is there, and it's so fun!A dwarf in space smashing Alien skulls while collecting enough minerals to woo the dwarf lady of your dreams while sucking so much time away from your real life you'll let down everyone you know and love if you haven't done so already!10/10 would kick barrels into launch bay again.
Snowblind	Recommended	67.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/CONDRA1/	Game is just fun !!
Shur'tugal Vrael	Recommended	20.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198086773766/	"You boys better be better miners than you are dancers"10/10 - LEAVE NO DWARF BEHIND
The Almighty Knug	Recommended	16.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198072559104/	To be honest I didnt expect much of this game. At frist glance it just seemed like yet another early access survival shooter with nothing but a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥gimick to offer. Boy was I wrong.While the game can be a little stale in solo it's an absolute blast if you've got some friends to play with. The enviroments are astounding ly varied and all of them are gorgeous with their own uniqe twists that really makes every mission feel special. The same is true for the classes, all of them being fairly balanced and complementing eachother well (the combination scout's graplinghook and the engineers platform gun for example make things a lot easier), some excel in hoard clearing, some are exelent for mobility etc. whilst all remaining viable on their own.Honestly I love this game, its got great gunplay, nice verity in enemies, missiontypes and enviroments and it's extreamly fun on top of all that (as long as you're not on an egg hunt without a driller)
sLick	Recommended	43.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/sLick459/	Really great coop game, everybody needs to be involved to solve the missions and to find the right path trough the caves. Already had a lot of fun with this game. Would defenitely recommend! Rock and Stone to the Bone!
InkredibleBulk	Recommended	37.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198067800061/	An axcellent game, more complete now in early access than many full releases. The Co-op works great. You generally do want one of each on your team to keep things easy and they mesh together pretty well. Prefer the driller myself. 2 giant spinning cones of death that chew rock or flesh equally well! There have been a succession of great vanity items, upgrades, a growing perk system and they just keep adding more!!! I am thoroughly enjoying it, but I do recommend friends. Being alone is a bit dull.
UpsetChickenNugget	Recommended	37.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198078922532/	Overall, this is a fun game to play with your friends. My interactions with the community on the game have been very positive. Single player is just as eye-pleasing and you can spend as much time as you want to 100% the caves you explore. Rock and Stone!
Levithunder	Recommended	18.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198084092665/	let me start off by saying that i love this game and think that it has been an all around good game and very enjoyable.now then to talk about somethings i wish would change/improve.i really wish that there was a dedicated class for collecting the resources on high walls. The scout does a good job at this but when you launch the grapple you can't mine so the only way to get it is if there is a ledge so you don't drop back to the ground so i would really like to be able to mine while im grappled using the scout.i love the the diversity in map types but i think it would be cool if there was times when we had missions on the surface of the mining planet. if your reading this i recommend picking it up. It runs very smoothly and reminds me a lot of helldivers.
Devotion	Recommended	30.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/devotion26/	goooooood
Cozie	Recommended	19.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198095367811/	Absolutely amazing game. i generally dont like these 'fight/run to a point' types of games that much, but this one is really fun. The devs have done a great job with the mining system and have made it so satisfying to do, topped off with some decent combat and you have yourself this great experience. even when I get absolutely demolished and lose like 3 times in a row I still cant help but go back in and try again with full optimism and enjoyment. class synergy is also very well done, e.g. engineer can shoot platforms onto walls that the scout can then grapple to and mine hard to reach resources. they've even accomadated for single player as well so dont be too daunted by the very prominent co-op push of the game, although it is so much more fun with atleast 1 other person.
Senpai FyZ1K - ShlongJohn	Recommended	48.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/FyZ1K/	Support these Devs they are actually doing Pro Works! Compared to other triple-A titles this game delivers hours of fun and an extensive coop experience with your friends or even with randoms online!IMO after Left4Dead the best coop game out there at the moment!Buy the Game, buy the supporter pack and show them some love!
ATSgeoff	Recommended	25.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198086162694/	Although this is early access it is pretty much a finished game.  The game size is able 1-2GB which is insane for how much there is.So much fun with friends and super addictive.  I'm always itching to see what is in the next tunnel or opening.
PaboJack	Recommended	9.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jacktanwz/	Pros:Co-op Small sizeGreat graphicRandom mapEach class is uniqueCons:Good internet is neededLack of customizationWeapon is fixed for every classOverall: Recommended if u had friends to play with, this game requires teamwork quite a lot.
Revolver Ocelot	Recommended	16.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198035620175/	ROCK AND STONE BROTHER. IF YOU WISH TO DIG SOME♥♥♥♥♥♥AND SHOOT SOME♥♥♥♥♥♥THEN PONY UP AND PLAY THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥BOY
VeryGayForCousinOkri	Recommended	112.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198038694050/	For its price this game is amazing. There is the odd glitch here and there and of course some things still need a little love on balance but overall the game is amazing. There are different modes that offer different challenges and experiences, there are some cool customization options and many more on the way, the classes feel and play very differently and all of them cater to different playstyles and feel really good. The difficulty can get pretty crazy if your team doesnt work together or your not playing with a full team which is good and there are so many new things to augment it in the future. There are easily 100+ hours of play here!
Wild Bill(Bot)	Recommended	11.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/botkampfwagen/	Who tf is Carl
VelixGV	Recommended	45.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/VelixGV/	TLDR: BUY THIS GAME NOW!!!You know what's pathetic? When an indie game has more content, polish, detail, and replayability than a triple A game made by the likes of EA and Ubisoft.When I originally purchased this game (while drunk) I thought it was going to be like every other early access flop. I thought it would run like a disabled horse. I thought it would have as much content as a bag of chips, that being mostly filled with air. But no, I for once was genuinely surprised by a game, and in a very, very good way.Okay, this is a 4 player game where you play as one of 4 classes of dwarfs, and each class is equally useful and unique. Which is very good to see.If I had to describe this game I would say it's a mix of Left 4 Dead, Aliens, and Minecraft.
MrDankDelightful	Recommended	8.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/EVANISAWESOMEXD/	love the mechanics and the simple gameplay. The graphics are very low poly making this a relatively non graphic intensive experience. The music and the audio in the game help to create the great immersive experience. Overall I highly recommend this game !
Sound	Recommended	19.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Ceryliae/	This game is one of the most innovative co op games I think I've ever played. It's like an amazing fusion of L4D and Minecraft, and it works amazingly well!
infestedchris	Recommended	56.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/infestedchris/	If you like games like Destiny 2, Left 4 Dead 2, Firefall, Starship Troopers, Aliens vs Predator, Defiance, and many more in that catagory, then you will love this game. It's a Pve 4 player co-op first person shooter. You play a dwarf and you get to choose between 4 classes.Scout - lights dark areas and has a grappling hook.Engineer - can place turrets and can make platforms on any surface.Gunner - can place permanent zip lines that you can travel back and forth on.Driller - has drills that can cut through the terrain with ease.You play missions with 3 others collecting minerals to buy upgrades for that class. You also level up depending on which class you chose to complete the mission.When you start a mission there are goals to complete before extraction. Most are collection, some are elimination (nests or big bugs) After you complete, you can still explore and collect more loot for more pay out at end.Game mechanics rely on team work to get anything done. Most minerals are not just sitting at ground level, some minerals need team work to mine. Like for instance the engineer can lay a platform right under a deposit, and a scout can use his grappling hook to zip over and mine safely.There is also friendly fire, but the damage is much lower than the damage you do to bugs.Every class gets a main weapon, a side weapon, grenades, and 2 special items, like (grappling hook and flare gun), (satchel charges and zip lines), (turrets and platform gun) and so forth.Upgrades consist of, more ammo for weapons, higher rate of fire, more grenades, more special items (zip lines), and more armor to take less damage.You can also buy vanitiy items to make your class look cool. But there are very limited options to choose from.Now this is early access so I have already seen my share of bugs. Also because the maps are procedurally generated, I have come across maps that actually did not have enough supply in the cave system to complete our mission. Or that the path was no clear to go next, which ended up with us ending early.The game is great, it just needs more stuff, more items, more things.
GutsMan	Recommended	14.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198005774032/	This is the greatest game Ive played in a looong while, It goes back to the root of video games, and is shockingly refreshing! It is simple and pure, you explore classic video game places like "lava zone" and "sand zone", while participating in 4 player coop shenanigans. You have to explore new caves, work together to dig and climb and zip line and platform puzzle to reach the ore, and fight off hordes of bugs, while avoiding mining tragedies like falling to death, or bumping your friend and making them fall to their death. (dont worry you can revive them by ziplining down and pouring alcohol on them) the pacing is wonderful, with a perfect mix of exploration and combat. The dialog is hilarious, (they say what youre thinking!) The graphics are BEAUTIFUL and the combat is high quiliaty, intense, in depth and satisfying. And you can make it as easy or difficult as you wish immediately! No gating behind 20 hours of mind numbinlgy boring gameply before it is challening *DIABLO3*.Finish it off with a mad dash against a timer and endless hordes to get back to the drop ship, and heroicly rescue your brothers in arms, or tragecially watch them get dismembered as you leave them to die in the tunnels on Hoxxes IV, the sole survivor of your ill fated mission. SUMMARY: This is why you fell in love with video games in the first place! So fun and pretty even your girlfriend will want to play! (If shes real)
Go Towards The Light	Recommended	2.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/GoTowardsTheLight/	lots of potential here, cant wait to see where this goes. L4D, but with mining and objectives rather than speed running through levels, also no zombies or zoeys.
l-Ikazuchi-l	Recommended	22.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/KuroUmiNeko/	wanna try skill and teamwork ? just do it
ATC Guardian	Recommended	11.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ATCGuardian/	Early Access Review
ForeverCola	Recommended	53.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198007171553/	Dwarves.  Mining.  Space Bugs.  A button that is only used to shout catch phrases like "ROCK AND STONE", or "No dwarf left behind!".  Regular dev communication and updates. Fun co-op traversal through procedurally generated caves filled with all sorts of appealing minerals and gems. Beards and mohawks.The progression is bareboned but I've got hopes to see that more fleshed out.  With a good team, even the most difficult levels are hardly a challenge most of the time, but occasionally a level will screw you with no real way around it.  The driller class is pretty "meh" most of the time.Overall, everything that isn't already perfect is fixable, and everything that is perfect has been set in stone.  Love it.
Pyjames	Recommended	10.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198044871947/	Really nice mix of the dynamics of L4D2, Minecraft and TF2, but so fresh and original on its own.Can be both anxiety driven or extremely amusing.Also...ROOOCCCKKKKK AND SSTTTTTTOOONNEEE BRUDDDAAAA!!!
Goodguy3	Recommended	19.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Goodguy3/	It's very fun.
Fw0000ly Co0ly	Recommended	7.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/M0m00/	I'm a drawf and I get to dig holes. But I'm not sure about the price I'd hold off till more content.
Inasu	Recommended	3.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Inasu/	Ok, not gonna lie, this game is stupidly fun, probably a lot more than it should me. But come on, you're a space dwarf with other space dwarves killing bugs and mining on an alien planet, what part of that sounds wrong?!
Fruit_Salad	Recommended	20.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198120925837/	Fantastic co-op game! Exploring the game's vast procedurally generated caves is a blast as you and your team works together to complete a nice variety of mission objectives. As the game stands I think it is well worth the full price of admission, and the game should continue to keep growing. Buying this game is a no brainer in my opinion.
Gedet	Recommended	55.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198079184310/	GG
Evil Naked Fishmonger	Recommended	28.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/EvilNakedFishmonger/	What's there is pretty good. I like the art style and sound.But it's very repetitive with nothing much to aim for: the cosmetics are all overly expensive and feel like a waste so I never even got a new stache and the upgrade trees I did were dull and barely noticably.The missions types aren't all the most different, exciting or varied either as well as the enemy types.I did like my time with it, the enviroments were amazing at first, but I just feel done with it now in it's current state but I hope I pick it up again further down the line.PS My Weird Tanget...The physics just aren't all that fun imo, with the 'I wonder if we could...' moments we had near always being dissapointments (with things like C4s not sticking to the bot) besides your friend being able to call the bot and you  being able to balance on it while it scales entire cliffs to get to your friend and you being able to avoid fall damage by bouncing on someones head. I love finding that kind of stuff out. I might be alone on that but I think players being able to think out the box and solve stuff in fun ways takes away from the sameyness and you create more fond memories of a game. I feel the grapple hook especially and it's uses are lacking and could be a lot more fun.
Devotion	Recommended	30.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/devotion26/	goooooood
Tiranit	Recommended	6.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/tiranit/	Mix Minecraft with Helldivers and you get this game. Fun mechanics, cool team play enviroment, solo support for missions and a few funny things that you will see in-game ;). I recommend!
asian wario	Recommended	29.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ardishco/	Very nice game If you miss minecraft
Karl Frank	Recommended	77.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198006967152/	Better than Witcher 3 and Skyrim and Overwatch and all the other ♥♥♥♥♥♥ games.Beards.
King Quarrel of Crab Key	Recommended	18.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/tasmt/	Leave no rock behind!
Ӆᶓᵮᶏᶉᶖơцʂ~}God{~	Recommended	104.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198060314407/	great game very simple concept would recommend.
Violent Bob Ross	Recommended	50.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198090869576/	I'm Johnny from Buenos Aires and I say kill them all!!Just buy this awesome, twitchy, bug stomping co-op experience I mean come on.......do you apes really wanna live forever?Would you like to know more?
Cozie	Recommended	19.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198095367811/	Absolutely amazing game. i generally dont like these 'fight/run to a point' types of games that much, but this one is really fun. The devs have done a great job with the mining system and have made it so satisfying to do, topped off with some decent combat and you have yourself this great experience. even when I get absolutely demolished and lose like 3 times in a row I still cant help but go back in and try again with full optimism and enjoyment. class synergy is also very well done, e.g. engineer can shoot platforms onto walls that the scout can then grapple to and mine hard to reach resources. they've even accomadated for single player as well so dont be too daunted by the very prominent co-op push of the game, although it is so much more fun with atleast 1 other person.
Senpai FyZ1K - ShlongJohn	Recommended	48.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/FyZ1K/	Support these Devs they are actually doing Pro Works! Compared to other triple-A titles this game delivers hours of fun and an extensive coop experience with your friends or even with randoms online!IMO after Left4Dead the best coop game out there at the moment!Buy the Game, buy the supporter pack and show them some love!
G-Bach	Recommended	56.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198148843117/	This game is great, Its fun, challenging and has great Co-opProperties. The only bugs i can think of have to do with the maps being randomized. And The develepors are danish, A+ godt arbejde!
Stoned	Recommended	11.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198059967559/	This game is so cool! Endless fun! 
Johannen	Recommended	23.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198007059305/	You dig, dance and kill bugs. What's more there to life of a space dwarf? Played with some random people and still had fun. Game gives nice tools for communicating and teamplay.  Soundtrack is KickAss.
BloodHound2112	Recommended	46.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197994753033/	I have put about 25 hours into this game so far.  I am enjoying it alot.  There are a couple variaties of missions and a couple varities of map types, Lava, lush, crystal, radioactive....  If you have a group of 4 friends to play this game with highly recommend it.  The 4 classes in the game are balanced very well.. there is not a class that is dominate over the others and the abilities meld well together.  You will want to have 1 of each when you are heading into the unknown which makes everyone feel imporatant and usefull.8/10 - the resource/level progression could use some more work to flush it out and give the game more purpose.  Right now it feels a little grindy and a little short.  Plays like L4D with a little less shooting and a little more terrain navigation.  Has lots of oh crap moments which makes for some good laughs and epic fails.
Oxocube	Recommended	50.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198068176704/	Best cooperative shooter I've played in ages. This game is amazing and a must if you're looking to squad up with your friends :D
Captain Picard	Recommended	6.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198141561791/	One of the best games I have ever played. Very fun.
Pumpen	Recommended	37.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Hailding/	Combines the best of Left for Dead and Minecraft. Incredibly well polished for an alpha product.
Allex_	Recommended	112.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Allex_/	Deep Rock Galactic its one of the best coop games i played . Great exloration game with beautiful visuals good optimisation impresive procedural generates levels and superfun with great team play, if you dont have friends to play with community its great with non toxic teammates who will not let you down even if its a lot of bugs near you. Rock and stones brothers !
Sultsu	Recommended	26.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197988177355/	Very fun game. Please go buy it to support developers.
Have A Day™	Recommended	10.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/xXMlgNoSkopzBlazeIt69_1337Xx/	rog ane ston
TheMajesty123	Recommended	32.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TheNewMajesty/	Extremely fun to play with yourself, others or with friends. Would recommend.
Firestorrm	Recommended	59.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198179829761/	DWARVES IN SPACE!This game is a lot of fun. I definitely recommend it.
Coors Light Combine	Recommended	3.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/theautisticgamer/	I have strived to find as great a coop game as Left 4 Dead 2. Every time I try to search for one, it never has me addicted like L4D2, Even Vermintide 2 is not as great as I thought it would be even though it is good. So I searched games like Killing Floor 1 and 2 (1 had me for a couple of months) and a bunch of others when all of a sudden at last years Microsoft E3 Briefing I came across Deep Rock Galactic. This wasn't just any coop game. It took the best of mining, survival, gunplay, etc. I bought it recently on sale so I could try it out.I think I found my new favorite coop game. I played two games and MY GOD They take long and thats a good thing because I want to stay in this area and do all the secondary objectives. I was amazed by how awesome the mining was and the L4D2 type swarm events that happen. These dwarves aren't your standard fantasy ones, they're angry and determined and so different from anything I have seen. To tell you an average game, it would be 30-40 minutes so make sure you have time to play this. Deep Rock is going to be the next big coop game besides Vermintide and Payday 2, this game will surely suck players into an atmosphere like no other. It's a treasure that must be played.
Alf Ardanyu	Recommended	13.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197967853457/	This game is a lot of fun. It isn't too intense. It's more relaxing in the sense that you are just exploring and taking in the environment. That is until you run into a swarm and have to fight them off. I primarily play as the driller and haven't had this much fun tunneling since Red Faction. The game is well balanced and all of the game modes are fun. Much better to play with friends. The only knock is it doesn't have enough content (Weapons, gadgets, etc...) Once you fully rank up a class you just move onto the next one. I'm sure the devs will be working to add more content but for now the replay value is worth the price.
bestguy	Recommended	32.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/bestdaveguy/	Awesome Co-op game with friends. I was so suprised with the addictive gameplay and it doesnt have a huge learning curve so you can jump in straight away and hit the mining!The art stlye is great and runs really well and has great optimisation. Cant wait to see where they take it next!
¯\_(ツ)_/¯	Recommended	45.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Nevermore_Raven/	thought it was going to be a left for dead clone like vermintide was, im very happy its not.great game.
tubbyhey	Recommended	61.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198046975411/	This game is dope. If you like Vermintide or Left 4 Dead this game is for you.
memesandmaryjane	Recommended	80.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/gooksinthejungle/	one of the best co-op games i've ever played and it's only going to get betterLEAVE NO DWARF BEHIND
SlingBlade	Recommended	190.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197995239792/	I got this game on a whim after seeing some gameplay and deciding to give it a go. After all, space dwarves.So far it has proven to be a very entertaining and engaging game. It can get a little repetative if played for extended periods of time but if played in small amounts it can provide a great deal of amusement. With the very active development team there is a lot of promise at the moment for future updates and additional content to enhance the game.Overall it is a fairly simple premise, you're a dwarf and you're digging a hole. What's in that hole is the critical part with missions ranging from simple mining operations to retrieval missions and even search and destroy. The entire affair takes place with a team of four dwarves of any of four classes which each bring their own unique talents and abilities to the table. Learning how best to utilize the various unique talents of each class is part of the fun and the constant encroachig darkness of the caves you explore add a sense of tension to everything.It doesn't help that there are some very nasty critters out there waiting for you.Perhaps the best thing about this game is that the community is incredibly positive. I've only had two negative interactions within the game in the few weeks I've been playing. Everything else has been quite positive and even humorous at times.If you're looking for a new cooperative game to pass the time and have some fun in then I would say this is the game for you. Give it a spin, you can never dig too deep.
Fastidious	Recommended	22.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197997397951/	Great game; the community needs to get the word out so more people can discover what makes this game special. Keep the positive reviews coming and let people know about DRG!
KopiK	Recommended	32.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/KopiK-/	Wanna mine some ores with your crazy friends and kill little ants? If yes, this is the perfect game for you and your homies
BananaKush	Recommended	28.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kushman/	ROCK AND STONE BROTHER!
staleFISH	Recommended	172.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/stalefish/	Fantastic coop-game
Machkezhno	Recommended	30.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198045174287/	I rarely write reviews, a game has to either be an absolute gem or a complete disaster for me to take the time to write one,  in this case I am pleased to say this is an absolute gem no question about it.Visuals 9/10 - Graphically it has its own charm which remains consistent and lends to the immersion just wish the ability to see your teams health bars were a permanent fixture on the hud as well as making it easier to find your teammates when you get turned around or seperated.Sound 9/10 - The music and sound effects are spot on and really seem to kick into high gear when things get intense, the only reason its a 9/10 for me is ive encountered a bug on two occasions where recieving an audio notification on discord disabled the sound for the game until I relaunch it. Gameplay 10/10 - This game is really addicting, missions last usually between 25-60 minutes sometimes longer and its just a really fleshed out cooperative experience, I havent tried to play solo so this is purely from a duo-4player coop perspectiveReplay Value 9/10 - I just keep coming back for more, the upgrade system is robust enough to proivde imho 20-30 hours of play per class if you include cosmetic upgrades, it has enough variety within the procedural world they have created to keep it interesting though they could use to add more enemy types and color variations and biomes etc... but it is great for early access based on  what they already have on the table.Value 12/10 - Best 24$ ive spent this year seriously ive spent way more for way less.Overall 9/10 - I just cant recomend this game enough if you have friends, but I went in with just one buddy and found new friends easily enough on the official discord which has a direct link on the games main launch page.Thanks for the pixels,Machkezhno
Lord Maelstrom	Recommended	5.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Lord_Maelstrom/	Dwarves digging holes and shooting insects. What more do you want? Graphics are great and overall quality of the game is wonderful. With the right type of player and party, the hours of entertainment it'll provide are unlimited. The controls are pretty easy to understand, but slightly difficult to get a hang of. The guys at ghost ship games have gone leaps and bounds over the set bar for a developing company's first game. I will 100% reccomend it to everyone I know.I am a dwarf and i'm digging a hole, diggy diggy hole, diggy diggy hole. Killing insects and digging a hole, diggy diggy hole, digging a hole.
Dr. Shiroshii	Recommended	29.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/idid2266496/	Its good.
HotdogOctopus	Recommended	7.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/hotdogoctopus/	It's like a fetch quest version of Helldivers. It's pretty good for a while but I'm not sure how much play time it actually has. I would suggest waiting until it's out of early access to buy it or to make a decision about it.
Dale the Whale	Recommended	31.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/thareaperguy/	I've never been one to buy an early access title but is refreshing to see an EA title so polished and playable after so many games before it have been dire, me and my friends lost an entire day to playing this as we're addicted. Looking forward to seeing future updates as the game has great potention.To compare to other games, it's like a mixture of Borderlands and Minecraft but more spooky and unforgiving if you lose track of where team mates are. M.U.L.E is adorable too.
Bluedrakon	Recommended	15.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/199419940209/	Great Co-op game.
BillyR	Recommended	1.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/billyr/	Looks great, plays great...this game kicks alien bug butts!
Proto, The Creator	Recommended	29.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/squidinacan/	I couldn't think of anything to write here so this is just a placeholder for my review
skogstoken	Recommended	164.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197973628716/	Super awesome co-op game :D still in Early-acess hope we get more of this alien killing mining machine :D
Willy'sHam	Recommended	30.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/theHamslingingslasher/	For a early access game it is very good. The levels you go through look cool and are huge, and the classes each have a special trait. The cool part is that once everyone finds the right character for them, they become an unbeatable team. However, you can only be an unbeatable team if you are doing mining missions you know, looking for ores and stuff. But if you do extermination gamemode then the whole thing just changes. You now have to destroy nests or these eggs or stuff like that. That mode is for seasoned Deep Rock players, not me. So, I really suggest this game to anyone, and almost everyone.
Zaberius: The Return	Recommended	7.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/zaberius/	A truly superb core gameplay loop accompanied with excellent sound design/music, a nice polished looking voxel style with great lighting, and a pretty cool dev team.My only issue is progression not really having much to it honestly, but that isn't what's keeping me interested.I'd strongly recommend this game to fans of Helldivers, Left 4 Dead, Vermintide, and general Warhammer 40k-like stuff (destroying the bug aliens reminds me heavily of something like Space Hulk)
Smoofe	Recommended	101.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198098083440/	It is that one game, that can make the itch go away!- Great Co-op.- Horde mechanic is solid. - And Beards!
DrainoMyBraino	Recommended	28.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/merrill72688/	In Deep Rock Galatic you play as a team of w40k squats space dwarves mining resources from a planet infested w/ chittering hordes of zurg/tyranid-esc bug monsters. Each level is randomly generated w/ unique minerals, stone colors, layouts & hazards. The core gamplay is very strong. Consisting of explore, mine, explore, broken up by holding off waves of monsters burrowing in from all sides. Class upgrades cost different types of minerals & gold, which is connected directly to the minerals you & your team mine up, looping into the core gameplay.ROCK AND STONE!
Zzz.	Recommended	11.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198167138864/	This game is super fun. Just needs more content
PaboJack	Recommended	9.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jacktanwz/	Pros:Co-op Small sizeGreat graphicRandom mapEach class is uniqueCons:Good internet is neededLack of customizationWeapon is fixed for every classOverall: Recommended if u had friends to play with, this game requires teamwork quite a lot.
Revolver Ocelot	Recommended	16.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198035620175/	ROCK AND STONE BROTHER. IF YOU WISH TO DIG SOME♥♥♥♥♥♥AND SHOOT SOME♥♥♥♥♥♥THEN PONY UP AND PLAY THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥BOY
VeryGayForCousinOkri	Recommended	112.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198038694050/	For its price this game is amazing. There is the odd glitch here and there and of course some things still need a little love on balance but overall the game is amazing. There are different modes that offer different challenges and experiences, there are some cool customization options and many more on the way, the classes feel and play very differently and all of them cater to different playstyles and feel really good. The difficulty can get pretty crazy if your team doesnt work together or your not playing with a full team which is good and there are so many new things to augment it in the future. There are easily 100+ hours of play here!
Wild Bill(Bot)	Recommended	11.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/botkampfwagen/	Who tf is Carl
Oxocube	Recommended	50.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198068176704/	Best cooperative shooter I've played in ages. This game is amazing and a must if you're looking to squad up with your friends :D
Captain Picard	Recommended	6.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198141561791/	One of the best games I have ever played. Very fun.
Pumpen	Recommended	37.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Hailding/	Combines the best of Left for Dead and Minecraft. Incredibly well polished for an alpha product.
Allex_	Recommended	112.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Allex_/	Deep Rock Galactic its one of the best coop games i played . Great exloration game with beautiful visuals good optimisation impresive procedural generates levels and superfun with great team play, if you dont have friends to play with community its great with non toxic teammates who will not let you down even if its a lot of bugs near you. Rock and stones brothers !
Sultsu	Recommended	26.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197988177355/	Very fun game. Please go buy it to support developers.
Have A Day™	Recommended	10.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/xXMlgNoSkopzBlazeIt69_1337Xx/	rog ane ston
Fluffy	Recommended	18.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/fluffygunz/	For a early stage game that cost money, This is one of the very VERY few ones that are this good. This game has alot of promise
Firestorrm	Recommended	59.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198179829761/	DWARVES IN SPACE!This game is a lot of fun. I definitely recommend it.
Coors Light Combine	Recommended	3.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/theautisticgamer/	I have strived to find as great a coop game as Left 4 Dead 2. Every time I try to search for one, it never has me addicted like L4D2, Even Vermintide 2 is not as great as I thought it would be even though it is good. So I searched games like Killing Floor 1 and 2 (1 had me for a couple of months) and a bunch of others when all of a sudden at last years Microsoft E3 Briefing I came across Deep Rock Galactic. This wasn't just any coop game. It took the best of mining, survival, gunplay, etc. I bought it recently on sale so I could try it out.I think I found my new favorite coop game. I played two games and MY GOD They take long and thats a good thing because I want to stay in this area and do all the secondary objectives. I was amazed by how awesome the mining was and the L4D2 type swarm events that happen. These dwarves aren't your standard fantasy ones, they're angry and determined and so different from anything I have seen. To tell you an average game, it would be 30-40 minutes so make sure you have time to play this. Deep Rock is going to be the next big coop game besides Vermintide and Payday 2, this game will surely suck players into an atmosphere like no other. It's a treasure that must be played.
Alf Ardanyu	Recommended	13.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197967853457/	This game is a lot of fun. It isn't too intense. It's more relaxing in the sense that you are just exploring and taking in the environment. That is until you run into a swarm and have to fight them off. I primarily play as the driller and haven't had this much fun tunneling since Red Faction. The game is well balanced and all of the game modes are fun. Much better to play with friends. The only knock is it doesn't have enough content (Weapons, gadgets, etc...) Once you fully rank up a class you just move onto the next one. I'm sure the devs will be working to add more content but for now the replay value is worth the price.
bestguy	Recommended	32.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/bestdaveguy/	Awesome Co-op game with friends. I was so suprised with the addictive gameplay and it doesnt have a huge learning curve so you can jump in straight away and hit the mining!The art stlye is great and runs really well and has great optimisation. Cant wait to see where they take it next!
¯\_(ツ)_/¯	Recommended	45.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Nevermore_Raven/	thought it was going to be a left for dead clone like vermintide was, im very happy its not.great game.
tubbyhey	Recommended	61.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198046975411/	This game is dope. If you like Vermintide or Left 4 Dead this game is for you.
memesandmaryjane	Recommended	80.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/gooksinthejungle/	one of the best co-op games i've ever played and it's only going to get betterLEAVE NO DWARF BEHIND
SlingBlade	Recommended	190.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197995239792/	I got this game on a whim after seeing some gameplay and deciding to give it a go. After all, space dwarves.So far it has proven to be a very entertaining and engaging game. It can get a little repetative if played for extended periods of time but if played in small amounts it can provide a great deal of amusement. With the very active development team there is a lot of promise at the moment for future updates and additional content to enhance the game.Overall it is a fairly simple premise, you're a dwarf and you're digging a hole. What's in that hole is the critical part with missions ranging from simple mining operations to retrieval missions and even search and destroy. The entire affair takes place with a team of four dwarves of any of four classes which each bring their own unique talents and abilities to the table. Learning how best to utilize the various unique talents of each class is part of the fun and the constant encroachig darkness of the caves you explore add a sense of tension to everything.It doesn't help that there are some very nasty critters out there waiting for you.Perhaps the best thing about this game is that the community is incredibly positive. I've only had two negative interactions within the game in the few weeks I've been playing. Everything else has been quite positive and even humorous at times.If you're looking for a new cooperative game to pass the time and have some fun in then I would say this is the game for you. Give it a spin, you can never dig too deep.
Fastidious	Recommended	22.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197997397951/	Great game; the community needs to get the word out so more people can discover what makes this game special. Keep the positive reviews coming and let people know about DRG!
KopiK	Recommended	32.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/KopiK-/	Wanna mine some ores with your crazy friends and kill little ants? If yes, this is the perfect game for you and your homies
WarriorApe	Recommended	15.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ruodonnell/	Fun with friends, very fun with funny friends! Dancing is great, gameplay is smooth, levels are fun and sometimes challenging, and it seems like there is about 20-30 hours of content if you grind through it. So far have had a great experience free of bugs or gameplay glitches.
Colin & Faye	Recommended	13.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/WatchingTheWheels/	Such a great and fun game! I have really enjoyed playing this, and was worth the 40 dollars I spent on this.
Comrade	Recommended	19.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/comrade2142/	I love this game. Its got that vermintide feel crossed with terraria I would love to see a more diverse monster line up, maybe some with the ability to break our carefully crafted caverns a bit more. Id like to see some more equipment and weapon options, maybe something to make digging easier. And possibly some special consumables that can be purchased in the station, something more to use my money on other than cosmetics.One of my friends had also suggested possibly doing an open world with base building similar to terraria
Colin & Faye	Recommended	13.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/WatchingTheWheels/	Such a great and fun game! I have really enjoyed playing this, and was worth the 40 dollars I spent on this.
Hellbourn	Recommended	111.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Hellbourn/	Such a fun game! Perfect choose-your-own challenge level system, incredibly well balanced and diverse classes, great mechanics, and simply one of the best coop experiences out there.  Can't wait to see this game continue to grow and prosper. ROCK AND STONE!
KINGS GUARD GAMES	Recommended	2.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197999358586/	Personaly i only play this single player offline, and its freaking exellent! in my top 10 best steam games easily, love the lil bosco bot, the atmosphere the random caves, looking forward to more biomes, gives me a bit of a metroid prime buzz. 9/10 will be 10/10 when it has even more content. thanks to the devs for supporting players who want to play offline singleplayer :-)
my privacy settings	Recommended	90.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/fatscoot/	deep rock saved my life
se05239	Recommended	51.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/se05239/	Surprisingly fun game that's best played in the company of friends.
akula	Recommended	7.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/akula89/	This game is a blast with a buddy or 3 on discord. (or in game voice-comms)5/5!
gash`iNv	Recommended	34.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Gashinv/	A new favourite. A near perfect balance of chilled out and exciting, enjoyable solo with a nifty assistant bot, or with other players. Can leave a few surprises (check the ceiling!) and still has the occasional bug and performance issue, but I'm looking forward to future updates!
Johnny	Recommended	24.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198319950905/	I like the game. The devs need to add much more things you can do but as it is now it´s a good game and i think this game will grow in potential with each update. Buy to support and wait a couple of month´s and play or buy and enjoy as it is now.
jvaught89	Recommended	33.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198082216285/	Lots of fun with friends. Devs are active and timely with updates. It's a great way to break up those Vermintide 2 marathons.
juginst	Recommended	70.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198062488106/	The game is still in Early Access. It is clear that some features are still missing and game needs some polishing. However, the idea behind the game is great. I am having a lot of fun playing with my friend. Despite simple graphics the atmosphere of dark creepy caves is surpirsingly immersive.
SorrowsOfEnd	Recommended	4.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/sorrowsofend/	So good that I decided to grow a beard
Dr. Shadi	Recommended	7.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198096131879/	I think the game overall is well done. It has a good plot, good engine, intresting classes, and a really good overall feel. One thing the game lacks a lot of is just pure content. It seems as if you are playing the same routine over and over again. Just repetative. Also the upgrades for your guns are so bland and such a grind it doesn't really give a good motive. All in all I think the devs need to work on pure content to the game because they really have something going here.
Traxton3000	Recommended	24.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197993583269/	A great team work game with some fun dwarf humor too boost. the game is simple about collektin minerals and survevie the ongoinging waves of bugs.fun game and can sureli recoment it. hope i can keep say it after beta
Pix.lR	Recommended	7.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/PixlRit3/	The Early Access Game Deep Rock Galactic is a great game to play as a team of at least 2.You can play it alone and command your robots to help or do the work.waves of enamy's are coming at you at a sertain point of time passing and seem to get tougher the longer you are in the mines.Accept from the commen Morkite then seem to be just about enough or sometimes you are missing a bit and can be extreamly frustrating when that happens. ButI never had any issue's with finding other resourses.leveling a character and weapons are ofcourse a part of the game by collecting the resources and making money with every mission.Time spend depends on you even when you have completed your objective.Do you go back and finish the mission with the main resource or do you risk everything and continue to obtain the secondairy objective and some extra resources for bigger upgrades and money.Greed is also a big battle for a lot of people. sinds the gold is infront of you and the feeling of getting more "seems" to be bigger then the risk. but sometimes its just worth it!Another big part of the game aswell as it is a battle seems to be teamwork. Some people love to be the boss but arnt just cut out for the task.What if you dies, who takes over? can that person be a leader? do you even trust that inituative?Honestly this makes it even better in my oppinion.With people you dont know, yes this happens all the time but its exiting! New and fresh!When playing with your own group, you get better everytime and you know eachother, learn after every time you do a mission together.even if its am early access game, i highly recommand it.It moostly feels finished and by that i mean that it could be tweaked a bit so that the resources are a bit more and the map-scanner could be a bit clearer. but thats all, in my oppinion.
Scooty	Recommended	60.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197966276994/	Fun game.Hope to see more stuff.Id like to see cave-ins even large boulders that squash your dude.The main ship base is neat and has more tunnels not unlocked yet so thats fun.
Plainace	Recommended	7.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/plainace/	Very fun :) needs a little more content, but it's great.
skogstoken	Recommended	164.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197973628716/	Super awesome co-op game :D still in Early-acess hope we get more of this alien killing mining machine :D
Willy'sHam	Recommended	30.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/theHamslingingslasher/	For a early access game it is very good. The levels you go through look cool and are huge, and the classes each have a special trait. The cool part is that once everyone finds the right character for them, they become an unbeatable team. However, you can only be an unbeatable team if you are doing mining missions you know, looking for ores and stuff. But if you do extermination gamemode then the whole thing just changes. You now have to destroy nests or these eggs or stuff like that. That mode is for seasoned Deep Rock players, not me. So, I really suggest this game to anyone, and almost everyone.
Zaberius: The Return	Recommended	7.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/zaberius/	A truly superb core gameplay loop accompanied with excellent sound design/music, a nice polished looking voxel style with great lighting, and a pretty cool dev team.My only issue is progression not really having much to it honestly, but that isn't what's keeping me interested.I'd strongly recommend this game to fans of Helldivers, Left 4 Dead, Vermintide, and general Warhammer 40k-like stuff (destroying the bug aliens reminds me heavily of something like Space Hulk)
Smoofe	Recommended	101.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198098083440/	It is that one game, that can make the itch go away!- Great Co-op.- Horde mechanic is solid. - And Beards!
DOOM500X	Recommended	17.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198316263062/	One of the Best games I have yet to play. Love the artstyle and gameplay 9/10! Would like More Guns Though For all classes. Maybe less than 25$ in its current build.
NecrosedFlick	Recommended	11.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198134608033/	totally worth the amt of money i paid,although there is a limited customization right now.
Nice Girl	Recommended	6.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/MoffLizer/	This games good but I bought it with the pretense others would buy it too but I was wrong
Coors Light Combine	Recommended	3.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/theautisticgamer/	I have strived to find as great a coop game as Left 4 Dead 2. Every time I try to search for one, it never has me addicted like L4D2, Even Vermintide 2 is not as great as I thought it would be even though it is good. So I searched games like Killing Floor 1 and 2 (1 had me for a couple of months) and a bunch of others when all of a sudden at last years Microsoft E3 Briefing I came across Deep Rock Galactic. This wasn't just any coop game. It took the best of mining, survival, gunplay, etc. I bought it recently on sale so I could try it out.I think I found my new favorite coop game. I played two games and MY GOD They take long and thats a good thing because I want to stay in this area and do all the secondary objectives. I was amazed by how awesome the mining was and the L4D2 type swarm events that happen. These dwarves aren't your standard fantasy ones, they're angry and determined and so different from anything I have seen. To tell you an average game, it would be 30-40 minutes so make sure you have time to play this. Deep Rock is going to be the next big coop game besides Vermintide and Payday 2, this game will surely suck players into an atmosphere like no other. It's a treasure that must be played.
Alf Ardanyu	Recommended	13.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197967853457/	This game is a lot of fun. It isn't too intense. It's more relaxing in the sense that you are just exploring and taking in the environment. That is until you run into a swarm and have to fight them off. I primarily play as the driller and haven't had this much fun tunneling since Red Faction. The game is well balanced and all of the game modes are fun. Much better to play with friends. The only knock is it doesn't have enough content (Weapons, gadgets, etc...) Once you fully rank up a class you just move onto the next one. I'm sure the devs will be working to add more content but for now the replay value is worth the price.
bestguy	Recommended	32.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/bestdaveguy/	Awesome Co-op game with friends. I was so suprised with the addictive gameplay and it doesnt have a huge learning curve so you can jump in straight away and hit the mining!The art stlye is great and runs really well and has great optimisation. Cant wait to see where they take it next!
¯\_(ツ)_/¯	Recommended	45.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Nevermore_Raven/	thought it was going to be a left for dead clone like vermintide was, im very happy its not.great game.
TheMajesty123	Recommended	32.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TheNewMajesty/	Extremely fun to play with yourself, others or with friends. Would recommend.
SlingBlade	Recommended	190.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197995239792/	I got this game on a whim after seeing some gameplay and deciding to give it a go. After all, space dwarves.So far it has proven to be a very entertaining and engaging game. It can get a little repetative if played for extended periods of time but if played in small amounts it can provide a great deal of amusement. With the very active development team there is a lot of promise at the moment for future updates and additional content to enhance the game.Overall it is a fairly simple premise, you're a dwarf and you're digging a hole. What's in that hole is the critical part with missions ranging from simple mining operations to retrieval missions and even search and destroy. The entire affair takes place with a team of four dwarves of any of four classes which each bring their own unique talents and abilities to the table. Learning how best to utilize the various unique talents of each class is part of the fun and the constant encroachig darkness of the caves you explore add a sense of tension to everything.It doesn't help that there are some very nasty critters out there waiting for you.Perhaps the best thing about this game is that the community is incredibly positive. I've only had two negative interactions within the game in the few weeks I've been playing. Everything else has been quite positive and even humorous at times.If you're looking for a new cooperative game to pass the time and have some fun in then I would say this is the game for you. Give it a spin, you can never dig too deep.
Fastidious	Recommended	22.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197997397951/	Great game; the community needs to get the word out so more people can discover what makes this game special. Keep the positive reviews coming and let people know about DRG!
blsmithrojo	Recommended	118.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198383948432/	Great Game.  Solo mode is more of a training mode than anything else.  However the Bread & Butter of DRG is the CO-OP.  To get the best CO-OP experience, play with some buddies or play on the official discord to avoid giving the game unnecessary bad reviews.  Despite being in early access this game runs good on my computer & Plays Smoothly.  So Load Your Guns, Brush those Beards & Buy a Copy Today.  All Honesty the Game deserves to be in the 90%Review Range.
Raznath	Recommended	519.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197993847122/	Hands down the most fun I've had with a game in a very long time, eagrly awating patches and the future of this gem...  Got me to write my first review.
TacoCat	Recommended	29.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Shadowbirb/	This game has a LOT of potential. Its extremely solid, ZERO bugs or performance issues in almost 30 hours of play. The gameplay is simple but addicting. The random level generation can make for some extremely fun adventures, especially when you dont have a full team and have to figure out how to navigate in unconventional ways. The sound design is great, the dialog is limited but manages to give the characters a good personality and can definitely lead to some laughs. Ive lost several missions because the draw of extra loot led me to take too many risks and push my luck well after the main objective was complete. I'm looking forward to added content but as it stands the game is already worth the price they are asking.
Evil Naked Fishmonger	Recommended	28.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/EvilNakedFishmonger/	What's there is pretty good. I like the art style and sound.But it's very repetitive with nothing much to aim for: the cosmetics are all overly expensive and feel like a waste so I never even got a new stache and the upgrade trees I did were dull and barely noticably.The missions types aren't all the most different, exciting or varied either as well as the enemy types.I did like my time with it, the enviroments were amazing at first, but I just feel done with it now in it's current state but I hope I pick it up again further down the line.PS My Weird Tanget...The physics just aren't all that fun imo, with the 'I wonder if we could...' moments we had near always being dissapointments (with things like C4s not sticking to the bot) besides your friend being able to call the bot and you  being able to balance on it while it scales entire cliffs to get to your friend and you being able to avoid fall damage by bouncing on someones head. I love finding that kind of stuff out. I might be alone on that but I think players being able to think out the box and solve stuff in fun ways takes away from the sameyness and you create more fond memories of a game. I feel the grapple hook especially and it's uses are lacking and could be a lot more fun.
Colonel Lingus	Recommended	280.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/carlthehomeless/	It's the game you didn't know you needed.
Satherian	Recommended	103.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Satherian/	GET IT. Combines good combat with the fun of mining. It's got a lot of gamemodes and variable caves that it'll take a while for the game to get boring.Also, messing with the glitchy barrels is half the fun
SNART	Recommended	145.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198045426357/	Awesome.
=＾●⋏●＾=	Recommended	48.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/tutsuki/	I've really been enjoying this game. It's not too grindy!
Ponderous Poltroon	Recommended	136.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ggf45tnhm65yw/	Quite a lot of fun and very well polished for being in alpha!
Mr.Fraggles	Recommended	21.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/fraggles83/	Great fun, especially with friends!The left 4 dead style combat mixed with the challenges of mining and navigating the caves is really fun.Graphics and lighting are awesome. Runs really well. 
SorrowsOfEnd	Recommended	4.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/sorrowsofend/	So good that I decided to grow a beard
Dr. Shadi	Recommended	7.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198096131879/	I think the game overall is well done. It has a good plot, good engine, intresting classes, and a really good overall feel. One thing the game lacks a lot of is just pure content. It seems as if you are playing the same routine over and over again. Just repetative. Also the upgrades for your guns are so bland and such a grind it doesn't really give a good motive. All in all I think the devs need to work on pure content to the game because they really have something going here.
Traxton3000	Recommended	24.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197993583269/	A great team work game with some fun dwarf humor too boost. the game is simple about collektin minerals and survevie the ongoinging waves of bugs.fun game and can sureli recoment it. hope i can keep say it after beta
tubbyhey	Recommended	61.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198046975411/	This game is dope. If you like Vermintide or Left 4 Dead this game is for you.
memesandmaryjane	Recommended	80.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/gooksinthejungle/	one of the best co-op games i've ever played and it's only going to get betterLEAVE NO DWARF BEHIND
Kirberculosis	Recommended	11.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Niggadasbacon/	Been having a blast playing this with friends, and solo. Nothing in gaming compares to finding a dark cave, throwing a flare and realizing that you're surrounded only to be picked off because you wandered too far from your squad. Runs super well too I get a stable 144fps with a 1070 and i5-660k.
Draknar V2.0	Recommended	12.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Draknar6B6S6M/	Rock and stone brother!
Greedy_af	Recommended	25.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198119240870/	Really nice co-op game with addictive gameplay and  beautiful caves to explore here's my personnal list of things I'dd like to see added in the future.Classes a trapper class could be added with let's say a crossbow or sniper , with a new pistol and he could have let's say some weird bear traps and as a navigation tool maybe he could have just a rope he could place on ledges or a camp fire he could set up to heal every one a little and a funny animation could be everyboddy dancing and having a beer around the fire. Another great class could be an old-school dwarf with like a hammer and a tromplon that could forge some protection for the team like a metal platform with walls and as for navigation he might have explosives good against walls or torches. Finally a ground breaking class that would ''live of the land'' collecting stuff on fallen enemies to use as weapon like shread their legs to fight and use the special types of spider to make bombs like a poison bomb with the green , a spider web bomb , an acid bomb to break walls etc...More meaningfull things to doThe game , although it's great and fun, feels  a little too grindy at time and even if maps are random and diversed after 10hours I started feeling like I was doing the same stuff over and over again with not much of goal at the end besides grinding for cosmetics. Don't get me wrong  though , every single thing you have here is fun and well done I just think there needs to be more for exemple , single player campain maybe , more guns and gadgets for each class so everyone can feel different as far as gunplay goes even if they're the same class. Aslo the caves are really amaizing and beautifull but at times the lack a bit of life , for exemple my friends and I would really like to see the "sci-fi-dwarf'' theme too be expended upon with things such as ruins of dwarf temples , dwarf skelletons , wreckage of mining equipement , some rare treasures containing either minerals or cometics. Adding more cosmetics could be nice as well and I would just straight up love some camos for my guns and equipements.combatI absolutely love the mobility of the scout , this class was the most challenging for me to master but now that I can just switch to my grappling hook in mid-air and switch back to my gun and destroy monster I love it so much and I think it shows that combat needs diversity and challenge not as in more hp or dmg for the enemies but more use of the player's skills required to take them down as I mentionned with the scout , which could be done by adding new classes or expanding on the ones already there alot.MissionsAdding new objectives would be nice like destroy big enemy nest that's bothering X mining station , mixing up the ones you got could be nice as well like for exemples instead of collecting 10 eggs or 400 morkite it could be nice to make it like collect 5 eggs and 200 morkite , more risk/reward during the actual mission could be achieved by getting random calls from the radio guy to go do some very dangerous random events in room that are closed , for exemple a big boss monster that was in cage but broke free , miners in danger or a room filled with electic crystal and monsters containg an old dwarf ruin with dwarf skelletons and a big reward like an exiting chest containing whathever you decide like minerals , cosmetics , guns etc..New ennemiesthe only really good one I can come up with is a skelleton dwarf wielding a hammer and some with crossbows , they could be either dressed as dead miners , sci-fi dwarf armor looking medieval-ish or just bones but of course let their bear on their skull to embrace the games silly-ness and as well it could be funny to have them drinking beer by a fire until they see you and rally up.Killing them could be funny as well like having them slagging you off as their souls leave their bodyOthersA crossbow or a sniper would make perfect for a hunter class I mentionned , some smg that looks like a futuristic mp5 or more assault rifles like the classic ak but maybe give it a twist in it's look , make it dwarfy and futurustic and goofy. More customization on guns would be just the beast thing , like different skins and attachements. And for customizing your dwarf and thing the way to go is to let the player choose between looking more badass and serious for your more classic type of player with like more armored looking gear or even military looking gear and for your more light hearted type of player that just wants to floss and drink bear I thing some goofy looking gear could be perfect with thing like themed gear a bit like they do over at fortnite:BR like referencing popular culture like movies , like for exemple a chuck norris looking set , a robo-cob one one that looks like buzz-lightning or whathever the name of the green guy in toy story of course you probably can't straight up copy them because of copyright but I don't know make them look just enough similar so they just remind the players pf the caracters but with a sci-fi dwarf twist so you don't get sued of pixar and stuff.Emotes referencing popular culture would be perfect as well and very funny ! Step up the meme game and people of the internet will notice the game more and more ! 
Ub3rH4L0	Recommended	202.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197992603159/	Early Access Review
Empanada339 (TB)	Recommended	61.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/supergraham339/	I will recount my first couple hours in game.1. Spawn in tutorial mission.2. Press F to throw flare, be amazed at ability to throw flare for some reason.3. Wander around smashing rocks and pumping aliens full of lead.4. Extract.5. Wait for friend to finish downloading game.6. While waiting, kick barrels into launch bay and get yelled at by your boss.7. Continue your mischievous streak and knock all barrels into launch bay.8. Repeat #69. Launch mission with friend and commence crazy dwarf space fun.10. Repeat #3 but this time with friends. I've been disappointed time and time again by Early Access games, but Deep Rock Gaming seems to be a pretty complete game compared to most of Early Access. With that being said-- I believe there is still alot of growth to be had, but the fundamental gameplay is there, and it's so fun!A dwarf in space smashing Alien skulls while collecting enough minerals to woo the dwarf lady of your dreams while sucking so much time away from your real life you'll let down everyone you know and love if you haven't done so already!10/10 would kick barrels into launch bay again.
Allex_	Recommended	112.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Allex_/	Deep Rock Galactic its one of the best coop games i played . Great exloration game with beautiful visuals good optimisation impresive procedural generates levels and superfun with great team play, if you dont have friends to play with community its great with non toxic teammates who will not let you down even if its a lot of bugs near you. Rock and stones brothers !
Sultsu	Recommended	26.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197988177355/	Very fun game. Please go buy it to support developers.
Have A Day™	Recommended	10.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/xXMlgNoSkopzBlazeIt69_1337Xx/	rog ane ston
T4T	Recommended	9.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198058006666/	SPACE GNOMES
ethanol	Recommended	46.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/zEthanol/	This game is fantastic. Great fun with friends. Definitely recommend it.
tubbyhey	Recommended	61.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198046975411/	This game is dope. If you like Vermintide or Left 4 Dead this game is for you.
memesandmaryjane	Recommended	80.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/gooksinthejungle/	one of the best co-op games i've ever played and it's only going to get betterLEAVE NO DWARF BEHIND
SlingBlade	Recommended	190.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197995239792/	I got this game on a whim after seeing some gameplay and deciding to give it a go. After all, space dwarves.So far it has proven to be a very entertaining and engaging game. It can get a little repetative if played for extended periods of time but if played in small amounts it can provide a great deal of amusement. With the very active development team there is a lot of promise at the moment for future updates and additional content to enhance the game.Overall it is a fairly simple premise, you're a dwarf and you're digging a hole. What's in that hole is the critical part with missions ranging from simple mining operations to retrieval missions and even search and destroy. The entire affair takes place with a team of four dwarves of any of four classes which each bring their own unique talents and abilities to the table. Learning how best to utilize the various unique talents of each class is part of the fun and the constant encroachig darkness of the caves you explore add a sense of tension to everything.It doesn't help that there are some very nasty critters out there waiting for you.Perhaps the best thing about this game is that the community is incredibly positive. I've only had two negative interactions within the game in the few weeks I've been playing. Everything else has been quite positive and even humorous at times.If you're looking for a new cooperative game to pass the time and have some fun in then I would say this is the game for you. Give it a spin, you can never dig too deep.
Fastidious	Recommended	22.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197997397951/	Great game; the community needs to get the word out so more people can discover what makes this game special. Keep the positive reviews coming and let people know about DRG!
KopiK	Recommended	32.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/KopiK-/	Wanna mine some ores with your crazy friends and kill little ants? If yes, this is the perfect game for you and your homies
Ptsarge	Recommended	35.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/tynamic/	Bought this played 5 hours straight didnt even notice time going by love it :D
Xayco	Recommended	28.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198037143872/	Perfection in the Early Acess has been found
=7Cav=SPC.Druhm.V	Recommended	152.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/partymaster/	I don't see myself putting this game down anytime soon. It has great re-playability and there may not be a whole lot of different types of missions(about 5 or 6) but they're in different area's of the planet you as dwarfs mine on so the randomness and generation of the maps almost make it seem like endless possibilities and exploring. 4 different class systems that are extremely fun to play and area all extremely crucial to playing, not having a full diverse team can feel like a pretty bad hinderance at times unless your a lone wolf and play single player, then you get this all purpose robot that almost does everything for you. Its a good game, I reccommend it. 8/10its also only early access which makes it even better so that only means there's more to come and I can't wait to see what else they're going to add.
GUY "SECRET SAUCE" FIERI	Recommended	75.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198027119357/	If you're looking for a fun and dynamic game that also incorporates critical thinking to a degree then this is the game for you. Deep Rock Galactic is great to play with your friends and is a very team centered game. The four different classes all bring a unique feature to the table, this means that if you want a "W" you gotta work together with your team (especially in harder difficulties). Great examples of this are seen when trying to reach isolated resources sometimes hundreds of feet above on the ceiling or traversing the many chasms and crevices of the caverns. The levels are all randomly generated so you don't have to worry about playing the same maps over and over. I also would like to tip my hat to the development team for constantly incorporating fixes, updates, and new content to keep the game everchanging and interesting. It should also be noted that the community is pretty friendly and fun to play with.I have very little negative things to say about this game, but it does have its shorcomings. If you find yourself in a lobby with people who don't pull their weight in harder missions you will likely repeatedly be wiped as on the harder difficulties this game really requires people to hold their own (not so much a problem with the game but something that shouldn't discourage people from playing more, sh*t happens).Overall I think it's a great game and would reccomend it to anyone with a group of friends or even solo players who want to play something fun and inexpensive. I think it's well worth the money!
Mr Funny Shoes	Recommended	4.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197968561597/	A well optimised, fun co-op game. Fun to play solo too with Bosco for help. 4 different classes have a nice variety of weapons/gadgets. Voice acting could be better but it's not horrendous. Overall a very nice game. No buyer's remorse. Also, Molly <3
Smidge	Recommended	18.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198066674660/	Early Access Review
Spooky	Recommended	4.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/spooky/	"Hidden Gems? My azz .. " 11 / 10 - would dance again.
WirtsLegs	Recommended	11.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/IraqiMilitant/	A game that came out of nowhere for me, just saw it pop up on steam and bought on impulse....but wow what a game! Lots of fresh ideas, easy to jump into, loads of replayability, looks great, easy to run, and a small install.Still in EA but already easily worth the sticker price....in fact this is the first game in a while that I have paid for and then willingly thrown more money at them, not for the reward but because these people need to keep making games.
Dreaia	Recommended	10.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198101358226/	The game is exactly what you expect from the description and photos. Here is a list of what you can expect;MiningShooting SpidersShooting more spidersBlowing your friends upZip lining across large chasmsAmazing CavernsGetting yelled at for kicking BarrelsShouting ROCK AND STONE BROTHER over and overSpooky DarknessIt's not without its flaws (Early Access and all) but if you like what you see, it's what you are going to get.
Sir Robert Da Bruce	Recommended	33.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/LongLiveLilPeep/	I love this game. Played the game for bout an hour got hooked instant. game has lots of potential, love to see this game strive with success. great objectives, challenging, loving the graphic material (its beautiful and not effecting my perfomance). i love this game 
ShadowHunterFTW	Recommended	7.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198044583158/	This game is just a lot of fun
xNaTiVeCrAcKeRx	Recommended	19.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198388678766/	Very fun game to play with your friends
SAY10	Recommended	13.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/666SOA666/	Finally a good resource mining game!
Swaglord4000	Recommended	36.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Master_of_Sw4g/	This game is a lot of fun, even in its unfinished state.Recommend it.
Arktischer Albtraum Drache	Recommended	44.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Arktischer/	Games amazing, Rock and stone brothers!Would hold the line with nothing left but my drill anytime!
Doc Ferus	Recommended	3.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198005755249/	*clears throat*SQUATS!
Tjimsitt	Recommended	19.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Tjimsitt/	A truly excellent idea.
ST3AMROLLED	Recommended	317.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198014981534/	A great game so far, a simple premise whose low-poly aesthetic combines with satisfying combat gameplay mechanics.Cooperation is heavily rewarded in speed or heavily punishes with failure.Procedural Maps are formulaic yet maintain unpredictabilityRound length = 12 - 50+ minutes (median time = 35min)Development has been well paced, and community feedback shows tangible results.Online servers - your mileage may varyROCK AND STONE
Raul	Recommended	221.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Raulikien/	Best coop game you'll find on steam.It's in early access, but the art style, the setting (space dwarves getting rich and obliterating every alien on the most hostile planet on the galaxy) and the gameplay make it awesome. You got 4 classes to pick from, with a lot of upgrades and vanity options, also there are various types of biomes, enemies and missions.The roadmap for the future updates is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing, that's how a roadmap should be made (battlefront 2 *cough*) and the devs are doing their best to follow it, updating it asap when it's required.I wish it got the attention it deserves but the small community is already amazing. The game keeps getting better with each update. I can't wait for the final release and the truly epic adventures that await me and my comrades.JUST BUY IT AT FULL PRICE, the game deserves it.
jake	Recommended	23.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ohboybisquick/	One of the few cases where i would be happy with an early access game as a finished product.has a great polished feel and is fun to play even in solo mode.
LanPartyGuy	Recommended	179.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/4nytime/	Best game on Steam 2018!! This should go top 10. Instant buy recommended!
H.t.H | ][TaMeR][esp	Recommended	76.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197968465356/	The game is in a really good state right now, it doesn't seem like an early access, very polished and getting nice support from the devs. So much fun in the higher difficulties. Very recommendedRock and stone brothah!
Tectreck	Recommended	4.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Tectreck/	Cant tell if the devs have a spider fetish or if the have a fear of them 9/10 game
Raul	Recommended	221.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Raulikien/	Best coop game you'll find on steam.It's in early access, but the art style, the setting (space dwarves getting rich and obliterating every alien on the most hostile planet on the galaxy) and the gameplay make it awesome. You got 4 classes to pick from, with a lot of upgrades and vanity options, also there are various types of biomes, enemies and missions.The roadmap for the future updates is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing, that's how a roadmap should be made (battlefront 2 *cough*) and the devs are doing their best to follow it, updating it asap when it's required.I wish it got the attention it deserves but the small community is already amazing. The game keeps getting better with each update. I can't wait for the final release and the truly epic adventures that await me and my comrades.JUST BUY IT AT FULL PRICE, the game deserves it.
Toumal	Recommended	58.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/toumaltheorca/	This is a very polished early access title that already has a good amount of content, even though it does get a bit long in the tooth eventually. Love the atmosphere, the guns feel satisfying, movement feels just right, and the classes have a good variety of equipment and capabilities. The only drawbacks are the price, and it's not really clear how much the devs are going to add until the full release.Still giving it a thumbs up however. It's great fun and has a good mix of tense combat, exploration, and gathering loot.UPDATE 2: I initially gave this a thumbs up, then a thumbs down due to troll-kicking right before the end of a mission, as well as MP connection bugs. Within a week, the developers implemented what I think is a fairly good solution to the kick issue: Troll hosts can still kick people, but they at least get to keep whatever they contributed to the loot AND once the droppod is called there's no kicking anymore. Also, the MP connection errors seem to be fixed as well, had several good games with no issues.As a result, I'm changing this back to a THUMBS UP, in particular because of the speed and reactivity of the developers. Keep up the good work!
Rainy.exe	Recommended	32.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/iRainyi/	Very unique game, key binds could use additional touch ups. Still a great game all around looking forward to it's progress. 
Major Wolfgang	Recommended	189.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198055408932/	Little tricky to understand at first, but easy learn and develop once you learn the way. Easy to work with pubs and great with friends. I look forward to the potential of this game.
avater	Recommended	3.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197971134436/	For fans of: Left 4 Dead, Helldivers, Call of Duty Zombies, MinecraftGenre: Coop, Ego ShooterCombine Left 4 Dead, Helldivers, a bit of Minecraft and Starship Troopers and you got Deep Rock Galactic!As a heavy bearded dwarf you and, hopefully, your team of friends, headed deep down to collect minerals and fight through hordes of bugs!+ well designed coop gameplay for 4 players+ 4 different classes with specific abilities and skills+ awesome horde-style gameplay with random encounters of huge swarms of bugs+ 4 bioms with completly destroyable environment and awesome atmosphere+ different ressources and minerals to collect, for upgrading your appearance and gear + smooth graphics with a well designed, minecraft-esque style and awesome light effects+ rock solid performance+ very stable, with nearly no bugs and connection errors+ different beards, head gear and armor to unock & customize your dwarf- singleplayer offers only half of the fun- only a few unlocks per class. Give us more beards!9 out of 10 beards - Awesome coop game with great gameplay, awesome levels and a lot of bearded fun!
-20CM- Albert | 101c	Recommended	15.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197967966821/	Early Access Review
jake	Recommended	23.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ohboybisquick/	One of the few cases where i would be happy with an early access game as a finished product.has a great polished feel and is fun to play even in solo mode.
-20CM- Albert | 101c	Recommended	15.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197967966821/	Early Access Review
jake	Recommended	23.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ohboybisquick/	One of the few cases where i would be happy with an early access game as a finished product.has a great polished feel and is fun to play even in solo mode.
MacisStrange	Recommended	21.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/MacisStrange/	I've been waiting for this game for a year now and when I got the email this morning saying it was released I dropped everything and downloaded it. Let me tell you...it was worth the wait.
Southpaw	Recommended	114.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/3318345/	This is hands down the most fun I've had in a while. Deep Rock Galactic is the best game nobody is talking about. Randomly generated maps, objective base gameplay, exploring and mining resources in alien worlds while fighting off swarms of highly aggressive insects (Starship Troopers anyone?) OH and to top it all off you play as a highly technologically advanced sassy dwarf. Choose between four distinct classes, upgrade each class and customize the look of your character...WHY ARE YOU NOT PLAYING THIS GAME?
KUKWES	Recommended	33.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197970879700/	Pretty good game...feels like its missing a few things to keep me coming back. For the price though its well worth it. If you are being kicked from games than host your own game. Easy fix. Some of the negative reviews might have some valids points but most of them are from the voice of a child.
Turalio	Recommended	19.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/turalio/	The most fun I've had in a co-up shooter for a long time, Highly reccomended!
Rahko	Recommended	5.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Rikksi/	Launch-day first impressions:Grumpy dwarves ☑Exploration ☑Mining ☑Alien planet ☑Beautiful caves ☑Hordes of creatures hungry for your blood ☑Barely sufficient tools to deal with all of the above ☑Tons of fun (even solo) ☑☑Worth it? ☑☑☑
J3FOORI	Recommended	44.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198043569192/	On my first DRG adventure, my squad and I went in to retrieve 400 units of Morkite. We all knew the risks. We'd heard of entire squads being lost in the deep dark, but the money was too good to turn down. Unfortunately, we foolishly forgotten to recruit a gunner for this foray, and only when we found ourselves at the rim of a 200 meter chasm did we realize the value of the zipline gun. We climbed down slowly, collecting mineral deposits along the way, until reaching the bottom and meeting our quota, and calling in the extraction pod. Then all hell broke loose. The bugs came from every direction a 3D environment could offer, we were swimming in them. our digging specialist died in the first wave, brought down by a volatile exploding bug, and a mini-swarm of spawnlings. We couldn't stop to help him, the timer was already down to three minutes, and the M.U.L.E.  had already boarded. DRG was getting it's money, with or without us at this point. This is where one of our engineers fell. A 100 meter fall should've killed him instantly, but the tenacity of dwarves is an impressive thing. He survived long enough for the bugs to eat him alive. I still hear the screams every time I close my eyes. Fifty meters to the top, our other engineer ran out of ammunition for his platform gun, and exclaimed that we were trapped. the clock read one minute, seventeen seconds to extraction. I turned around and said,"You mean YOU guys are trapped." throwing a final look down at my fallen and trapped comrades, i drew my grappling gun and hoisted myself to the top, the sound of the engineer cursing my name echoing down the hall behind me. with fifteen seconds to spare I alone boarded the extraction pod, and as the doors closed, said my goodbyes, and that I would never forget them. Which is true, I see them every time I sleep. 10/10 would leave my friends to die again.
why me?	Recommended	61.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ferdiperdoz/	it is really fun. Good both in coop and single modes.ROCKING STONE!
Leptons	Recommended	34.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Leptons_/	Runs wellVery funVery TenseVery Atmospheric/ImmersiveMultiple difficulties/biomes/procedurally generated caves for unlimited replayabilityCan be played Solo or Co-Op (public or private online) - although I would highly recommend co-op, probably the most fun I've had in a co-op gameVery very interactive dev team particularly on DiscordCustomisation (more coming later in development)Progression in the form of equipment upgrades, class levels, and an overall player levelDifferent gamemodes to change up the experience even moreHonestly, if you're considering buying this game, or a friend of yours already has it, just go for it. It's a very small price to pay for one of the most diverse and unique games you can find.Some may say they don't like the art style or it looks boring or tedious or they can't see the overall objective of the game. To those people I say, don't knock it til you try it. A couple of my friends were against getting the game, but I managed to convince them to give it a go, and oh the amount of fun, stress, frustration, excitement, panic, and relief we've had from playing this game is incredible. TL;DR - Buy it  ->  Try it  ->  Love it / Refund it    (Whether you think you'll like it or not, give it a try) 
Mendel	Recommended	37.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/IntermissionPermission/	Upgrade your equipement, spend materials on vanity items, drink dwarven beer, shoot some barrels and do some classy dance moves... Oh I forgot, there is a drop pod that will take you deep to explore, mine and shoot some bugs.Challenging and Fun so far - for the discounted price it asks for-.P.s: we need mug holders between the seats in the drop pod please. 
Meesh	Recommended	26.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/meesh11p/	Minecraft, exploration, borderlands, left 4 dead except space dwarves
blaa	Recommended	60.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/blaa-nox/	I´ve played a lot of games but this game stands out.The gameplay is super fluid and the game feels very user friendly- whereas with other games it feels like the game is a conspiracy to frustrate you. There are many small things that add up like the ledge grabbing with the little upwards boost, the way you can kinda stick to surfaces that seem very steep or small. The wall-transcending bugs can be a bit much and should be tweaked, but at least it circumvents the issue a lot of other games have where you can find spots where the AI can hardly get to you.But what impresses me most is the lighting and effects. I slipped up and feel down a really deep shaft the other day, landing directly on a volcanoe while a wave hit my team dozens of metres above me. Dead bugs raining down, the glow of the scout grenades emp field, the gunner zipping around on his lines with even the overheating effect clearly visible from far away, lots of explosions rocking the ground. It looked amazing. The game is already more impressive than most games I played, it feels good, it looks good, the performance is rock solid.
Logicbomb	Recommended	3.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/logicbomb/	Early Access Review
Jefficus	Recommended	1.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198079638796/	5/7 not enough beard customization.5/7 is perfect score update your knowledge.
Moophan	Recommended	36.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Moophan/	FOR CARL~!!!One of the best coop games I've played.Active dev discord very nice people.
{H||R} xScreaMx	Recommended	2.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/xscreamxz/	Early Access Review
Anzelak	Recommended	8.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/anzelak/	Had more fun dancing next to the jukebox than throughout the entirety of my disastrous first marriage. 11/10.I suspect it will need more content to keep it fresh but it's early alpha and already worth the pricetag.
Swampi	Recommended	599.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198133352837/	Deutsches Review unten. / German review below.In short, this is the perfect game while waiting for Borderlands 3. If the devs keep up the good work, the game won't suffer from the BL3 release, but stand out on it's own.Perfect Coop, great caves, lots of shooting and exploring, very friendly community.--------------Kurz gesagt, ist das das beste Spiel während der Wartezeit auf Borderlands 3. Wenn die Entwickler weiter so gute Updates liefern, wird das Spiel auch nach der Veröffentlichung von BL3 nicht wegbrechen, sondern für sich selbst stehen.Perfektes Koop, großartige Höhlen, viel Schießerei und Erkundung, sehr freundliche Community.
Ajexa.. has fianlly finished RDR	Recommended	3.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mii8/	WOW.My first mission I had the best team of people, so damn friendly!Great game, great music, great visuals!!What are you doing? BUY IT STOP READING THIS!
Ajexa.. has fianlly finished RDR	Recommended	3.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mii8/	WOW.My first mission I had the best team of people, so damn friendly!Great game, great music, great visuals!!What are you doing? BUY IT STOP READING THIS!
Darkunit	Recommended	4.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198015463549/	Having put a few hours into it I can honestly say the game has a lot of promise.  Fights can already be hectic yet enjoyable, and there is quite a bit to look for as you delve down into the dark.  As it is a co-op game, you do really need to work together to get the quests done.  I cant wait to stick with the game as it develops.
Lord Squirrel of Squirrelington	Recommended	70.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/endtime/	Honestly amazed that they are still updating their game , means the devs are actually dedicated to their game and crowd , don't see that very often anymore , so kudos to them ! 
Xaia	Recommended	16.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Xyli/	Rock and stone
MrBlonde[GER]	Recommended	486.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198017104329/	One of the best and most satisfying cooperative games.Amazing developer and community, too.Needs absolutely NO PvP at all.
CPU	Recommended	57.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ragingpugh/	This game is GREAT. My friends and I get together at least two nights a week to play this for the last few months. Can't. Stop. Playing.
FunkPain	Recommended	45.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/FunkPain/	YesStill Yes
Kinetic05	Recommended	30.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jakebeballinsince2003/	Early Access Review
bamboo_smoothies	Recommended	0.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/bamboo_smoothies/	This game really needs a local splitscreen coop mode, that would be super cool!
Skelevan	Recommended	13.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/evan1192/	Super fun to play with friends. Each class feels unique and enjoyable to play
juxibom8	Recommended	9.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198354014755/	Has good pontential to become an amazing game. It is really fun now but they have to add some more stuff to make it even more fun and im sure they will do thats why it is Early Access :D
WiX	Recommended	24.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/williex/	Just ♥♥♥♥ing buy it, it has dwarves, beards, mining, killing. What more could you need?!
grandmaster box	Recommended	4.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/probo2406/	Early Access Review
Toomadtoplay	Not Recommended	13.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/toomadtoplay/	 Check back in the future, as I often update my EA reviews  Why did I buy it: Looked and sounded like a really good game to play casually with friends, also it was published by Coffee Stain Studios, of which I am a fan. Were early expectations met: Initial expectations were exceeded, but the magic wore off soon after. Did I find it fun: The gameplay is fun until it becomes frustrating due to disorientation, running out of ammo for core mechanics (which should just be unlimited, or have a cap on deployables depending on the skill) or just straight up being shafted by unreachable extraction points. Failing a mission, especially after spending a long time in a cave being careful, feels like punishment due to the fact that you come out with almost no reward. This irritation with resources is enhanced by the ridiculous cost of skill and vanity upgrades, which are also both lackluster. DLC: ☑ yes: A supporter pack with gold armor and a chat/forum icon.☐ no  DLC Impact: ☑ Low: Vanity armor.☐ Medium: ☐ High:  In-App Purchases: ☐ yes☑ no What sets it apart: A nice blend of familiar co-op experiences, a great sense of humor, a very unique and fun lobby. To be honest I’ve had more fun dancing and kicking barrels and playing hide and seek on the space rig than I have in the caves.  What sets it back: The skill upgrades are some of the most uninspired I’ve ever seen, and they are rather expensive, costing both rare resource and credits, both of which are hard to farm when it seems fairly easy to fail missions. The vanity items are also expensive and boring, and I don’t even understand why I have to play (A LOT) to unlock boring cosmetics in a game that I have paid for and doesn’t have microtransactions. Shouldn’t I just have these customization options available at the start? What is the point of locking them? How playable/complete does it feel: ☐ 1:☐ 2☑ 3: Current state of gameplay is a little too frustrating for what was supposed to be a fun, lighthearted, casual co-op game.☐ 4: ☐ 5:  How fulfilled was I for what I got for the price: ☐ 1:☑ 2: I bought a copy for me and 2 friends. I have mixed feelings. Part of me wishes I hadn’t spent the money, but part of me knows that this game has yet to find it’s sweet spot (in my opinion only).☐ 3: ☐ 4: ☐ 5: Story You’re a dwarf employed to mine stuff. Content: A decent variety of harvestable valuables, different biomes, a handful of bug types, 4 classes that are somewhat distinct, but not unique enough to be exciting.  Pacing:  At some times, rich and fun, mining with friends and fending off occasional waves, figuring out fun ways to explore; at other times incredibly chaotic, but often more irritating than it is challenging. Regardless of skill, accidents are all too common and often result in the failure of entire teams, with no one getting a reward for their effort.  Gameplay: If you buy this for multiplayer, your're taking a risk if you intend to play with publics. Having an actual friend group is where it’s at. Explore caves to find resources to meet your quota, fending off occasional waves of bugs. You can dig, but are basically on a linear path. Only the odd resource is buried in the wall, signified by tell-tale markings on the outer wall. Once you’ve met your quota, summon your escape vessel, an event that throws swarms of enemies at you. Finding your way to the escape point can be aggravating, as sometimes the robot that guides you takes a path that your team either can’t reach or isn’t able to reach due to being attacked or split up.  User Interface/Controls: Pretty intuitive and known-good.  Replayability Some will find more replayability here than I do, I just don’t find the experience rewarding enough.  Who would I recommend this to: ☐ fans of the game/series☑ fans of the genre ☑ looking for something new☐ other: Development: Early access. ♫ Audio: ☐ Bad☐ OK ☐ Good: ☑ Beautiful: Great tunes at the jukebox, great SFX, great dialogue from the characters.☐ Masterpiece ۞ Game time/length ☑ Quick Matches ☐ Campaign☑ Progression/levelling/RPG☐ Persistent Play☐ Endless  § Bugs ☐ bugs destroying the game☐ lot of bugs ☑ nothing to worry about☐ very polished ✦ Others: ☑ multiplayer: ☑ single player: ☐ achievements:  ☑ Trading Cards As always, check a game’s store page for basic info on the product. If you found this review helpful, come follow my curator page: https://store.steampowered.com/curator/32194517/Feel free to check out the attached group as well:https://steamcommunity.com/groups/ratherbegaming 
Coe	Not Recommended	13.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Coeco/	Early Access Review
Walrus	Recommended	5.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/KissMeh/	first 30 mins and a kamikaze alien blew up my platform and got me killed. Fun.
Striker	Recommended	35.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Striker146/	Iz Gud
BODDII	Recommended	11.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/boddiiofficial/	<3
Homer_S15	Recommended	7.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Homer_S15/	I played a match in Solo mode with level 3 mission length and level 3 complexity.Ended up getting the secondary objective done, finding a metric ton of every possible material.After about 2 hours in that mission i had 371/400 Morkite. I couldn't find anymore so i ran out of ammo and died loosing everything.Don't ever play Solo mode...i cried.
Moneybagg T	Recommended	51.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/MoneybaggT/	Extremely well made game in my opinion, I love the exploration, and cohesion between the 4 classes. Everything just seems to flow together. The only "complaint" I have is how shallow the upgrade system for each of the 4 characters is. The Developers already said they will improve upon the system in the future though.
RelicLord	Recommended	5.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/RelicLord/	Shallow, but well executed. Fun with friends. Worth the buy.-The classes are well divided and fun to use. Everyone brings something to the table. Everyone has a job. -Maps are really cool to explore. The 'biomes' feel different enough to keep it interesting and the procedural generation is on point.-Solo play, while mainly beside the point, is well executed. The support robot is responsive and legitimately useful.- Developer response to host toxicity is appropriate; they're addressing the issues while not overreacing.- The music is great. Very "Stranger Things".-Overall, the whole thing feels like good old fashioned spelunking in minecraft (which was the best part).
dirtyricebisket	Recommended	13.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198275790894/	Very fun. The only issue is having friends, I dont think this would be to great just solo. its up to 4 people. I only play with 1 other person and it is quite fun. I could see someone sinking about 20 hours in this at the moment. As long as the developers keep true and improve the game with out a million in game purchases this should end up a fantastc game. At this point I would rate it an 8/10 assuming that it is the barebones and they wil add content to this game. One thing I would like to add is that the art style in this game is not for me. Even considering that the actual gameplay and perfectly done lighting in this game allows me to overlook the art style.
|RazoR|	Recommended	433.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197962886642/	Great co-op game with lots of replayability. There is a Solo mode, but the best moments are with a group. The classes are all fun to play and have unique roles.The soundtrack and atmospherics are great too.
Victor Seras	Recommended	4.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/yarrick20/	Deep Rock Galactic: THE SQUATS HAVE RETURNED!(Warhammer 40,000) go out, buy it and get in touch with your inner Squ- i mean Space Dwarf!
StMa	Recommended	1.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/StMa99/	Recommended for people who like to mine and fight monsters with your friends
Non-Toxic Glue	Recommended	8.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198087158362/	The first thing I need to mention is how amazing the soundtrack is. I would love to see more songs and ambient sounds introduced. I can see myself sinking a lot of hours into the game if they keep making positive improvements and additions. It is EA, so I can only assume that they will be. I love how they encourage team play, and I hope more new and exciting ways to expand on that are in our future. Hope I can call this one of my all time favs one day!
Traygor	Recommended	43.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/krieger91/	One of the best early access games I have played. The optimization is superb. The graphics are simple yet look amazing, honestly they rival some AAA games. I get some major Aliens and L4D vibes from this game. Very fun and fairly simple. Just good mining and alien shooting fun. Highly recommend.
Scatterbine	Recommended	83.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197966921756/	Probably the best Early Access game I've ever played.  They got the core game done and are presently adding content that changes the way the game plays.  It's improving every couple weeks.It's coop and it is fun.
go diet please	Recommended	34.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/fabfje/	Pretty cool. me and the boys had alot of fun with it!
Max_Payne	Recommended	49.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197965057272/	wicked amount of fun.. reminds me of a mash up of these three games: left 4 dead+alien swarm+minecraft.Working in the dark as a team is crucial, the constant fight for light adds atmopshere to the immense biomes, and sense of frantic to get the next vein of minerals. If you love COOP, get this game! : )
Wicked Guardian	Recommended	3.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Tan531/	This is one of those games that, for the most part, will see you making your own fun. The feedback loop is fairly simple - you enter into levels through a mission select screen, use all the tools at your disposal to take out gigantic bug creatures, and mine as much ore as you can. Then, you rush to your escape pod and return to your base where you can spend your spoils on upgrades for your character.Outside of the feedback loop, this game has personality. Hilarious dialogue between your commander and fellow dwarves goes a long way if you play with friends. The major downside is that's where the content stops. There aren't may upgrades in its current state, and very little to do outside that basic feedback loop.TLDR: I'm excited to see where it goes, because gameplay is tight and the game shows a lot of character. But there just isn't much here at the moment.
BarfQc	Recommended	250.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198009095986/	must want! must have! must play! at this price in alpha! such wow! such swarm! such mining! such DEEP ROCK GALACTIC!
Thirst Mutilator	Recommended	31.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/iridon/	Let me open with this. The game play is rock solid, feels like it's more fleshed out than any other procedurally generated game I've ever touched. The developers seem very active about updating it, and open to new ideas to add, on top of already having a good plan laid ahead. Elements of many popular games litter this, the co-op idea of vermintide/L4d, the satisfaction of mining from minecraft, and synergy between classes like I've never seen on an FPS before.  The procedurally generated caverns have not stopped amazing me every time I come accross a good one, the lighting of this game is so simple yet beautiful, and the environments that you travel through are breathtaking. It properly scratches that exploration itch, again and again.  I was prepared for an early access game that would be fun for the price and suddenly find myself completely entranced by it.
Zinkomatik	Recommended	39.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Dwarfingdwarf/	After watching Starship troopers when I was a child I wanted to play a game where a I just kill massive amount of bugs coming out of everywhere.A  game where everyone has a specialization and play off each others abilities.This is a child dream come true :')And by the way I tried getting this "starship troopers's feeling" with other games but it never worked out as fun as in Deep Rock Galactic.
nessbot	Recommended	29.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/nessbot/	The Darks Souls of space-based dwarf mining games.
eN	Recommended	22.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/her_0z/	👍
8BitHobbit	Recommended	39.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198113251634/	This game is definitely worth it's price point. Each class has it's own unique abilities that help contribute to the team. It has a little bit of the Minecraft feel with the mining and the enemy waves feel alot like Vemrintide or left for dead. It runs very well and feels optimized. Playing with friends brings the game up a notch but the solo or quickplay features are fun as well. I'm very excited to see what they add in the future. 9/10 only due to the lack of end game.
Thorlaff	Recommended	22.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198055651184/	This game is incredible!!! Dwarves, scifi, mining loot, Fully destructible environment, beards, exploration, huge hordes of enemies, an impressive variety of mission types that i did not expect and much more. If any of these notes interest you, you've found the game for you. Not to mention this game is in early access and its this good already, Aka there is much more to come. The only con i've got right now is that there arent enough players!Get this game. We need a bigger community!Rock and Stone brother!
Traygor	Recommended	43.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/krieger91/	One of the best early access games I have played. The optimization is superb. The graphics are simple yet look amazing, honestly they rival some AAA games. I get some major Aliens and L4D vibes from this game. Very fun and fairly simple. Just good mining and alien shooting fun. Highly recommend.
Burn Ward	Recommended	99.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197977551282/	Mine stuff with your friends. Shoot bugs.Get out alive. Be dwarves. I'm kinda of surprised someone hasn't made this game already actually, the concept is brillant. It's got a well thought out, fun, and polished gameplay loop and I can't get enough.
Pearl from Splatoon	Recommended	8.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/newwavesynth/	I was in the dying state and said "go without me" and the other dwarf said "leave no dwarf behind"
Bruca	Recommended	48.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198085748695/	Deep under the moutain but above every expectation, this game certany gives new hope to the decadent and controversial Early Access/indie world. Doesn't look like an alpha state. Solid core mechanics, best soundrack ever, great atmosphere; it really surprised me more than once.  "We fight, we mine, for rock and stone! Leave no darwf behind!"
Legitimate Sociopath	Recommended	67.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/snwixeW/	Let me just start by saying this is one of the best games I have played and I recommend everyone at least try it. In its current state, it is by no means perfect, there are many bugs and poorly generated parts of the map. If you can deal with that sort of thing then you will have a lot of fun with (hopefully) some of your friends. There is a nice progression system in the game where to get the better equipment you first must level up by doing missions followed by trying to find certain areas that are abundant with the resource you need to craft the top tier upgrades. The four classes are pretty well balanced and work amazingly well together, I encourage you to try them all out and not just play one. Before I bought this game I looked at screenshots and the description and did not think anything of it and was not intending to buy it. That was until I saw gameplay of four people played together all as different classes and I knew that if I could get a couple of my friends together we would have an absolute blast playing this game, and I was correct. Even if you do not have any friends to play with you can either play alone with a robot that you can command to attack and mine that will automatically resurrect you if you die (up to 3 times), or you can join someone else's public lobby and make some new friends. The game is still in early access and I look forward to seeing this game evolve. [Current State: 9/10 - Almost Perfect] 
Bearo	Recommended	42.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/legendofbearo/	Not alot of games I can play and instantly know its brilliant.Just gana run over the best parts real quick.-The polygon generation makes for amazing cave environments, every missions is generated and thus your adventures will always be different especially if you make use of the 4 classes.-Looking for materials and traversing terrain while under the threat of swarms of aliens is as cool as it sounds.-Asthetic of scifi dwarfes complete with good voice acting, charmful names and looks, and a hub world thats quite fitting.-Best part- the game is made to take advantage of team work. Its possible to do everything with any one class, but its not just handy but so much fun to use the classes in the way they were meant to be.Example : Were were about to fight a mini boss in close quarters, I (the drillman) drilled a hole to a near cave with a great drop, then another dwarf created a pair of ziplines that scaled down, one dwarf set a remote charge to start the mini boss, then we all baited him into the cave/arena we crafted and fought him from the sky and ground. Just a grand ol gem.Hopefully content patches are consistant.
Wile E Blahoney	Recommended	65.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198035175037/	♥♥♥♥ "glyphids"
♿ xQc Ana ♿	Recommended	9.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/hipsterci/	dude it's like minecraft with gunsalso the praetorians are like your mom but she's just high on whippets
Eichhorst	Recommended	89.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198008045636/	Its alot of fun and in early access which means more content in the future and i just recently found out its form Danmark which got me really excited because we don't have alot of studios like Sweden
derpykat5	Recommended	104.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198353573538/	your first thought upon loading the tutorial mission might be; "hey, isnt this a mining mission? why do I have a gatling gun?" trust me, you need it.Deep Rock Galactic is all about going into missions, accomplishing your primary and (maybe) secondary objective whilst killing periodic hordes of bugs with a variety of tools and weaponry, then getting out of there. there are currently four different classes you can play (5th one is on the way); the Gunner, who wields the aforementioned gatling gun to mow down hordes of enemies, the engineer. with a platform launcher (seriously) and sentry turrets, the driller, with two powerful drills to make your own path through the rock, and the scout, with a flare gun and self-charging grappling hook to zip around lighting up the caves. with teams of up to four players with online coop, you can have a balanced team, or 4 gunners. if you don't have a class on your team, you can still play well, but there will be at least one time you say "dang, I wish we had a ______"you can take on multiple different kinds of mission, each unique in their own way. the standard mining missions requiring you to extract "morkite". search and extract puts a different spin on it, placing you in one huge cavern instead of a linear set of smaller caves. point extraction tasks you with collecting "Aquarqs" in a very hostile enviornment. egg hunt missions have you excavate alien eggs (management wants them, dont ask why). elimination shakes up the whole formula requiring you to defeat three boss enemies called "Dreadnaughts". limited ammo calls for clever conservation, as literally everything exept your glowsticks and pickaxe has a limited amount of uses. you can order a supply pod using nitra, but there is only so much nitra in a given mission.each mission can be in one of seven biomes; fungus bogs, sandstone caverns, magma fields, crystal caves, salt pits, dense biozones, and radioactive exclusion zones. each biome has its own hazards, look, and style.each class feels unique and fun to play, each biome is distinct from the rest, although early in development, DRG is worth at least a try. fun easter eggs and a nice community top the great laden minecart of fun you will have.Summary:graphics: sweet spot between good and low power (5/5)sounds: artfully realistic (5/5)music quality: artful (5/5)music variety: enough to keep from going stale (3/5)enemy variety: logically close to the maximum (4/5)gameplay loop length: 30 min to 1 hr uninteruptable (4/5)content: high for early access (4/5)dev activity: high (5/5)dev attitude: helpful (5/5)
Koolguy_101	Recommended	14.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198153287000/	More contentThats all this game needsright now everything to the menu has great potential. it would be cool if the end screen when you win was a bit more satisfying tho
Menphues (Kyle)	Recommended	13.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Menphues/	A very underestimated game and deserves more recognition!Graphics: The graphics are not super duper amazing, it is voxel based but the explosions, shrapnel from bullets bouncing off the monsters armour, pulses etc are all really nice, but the overal graphics just give the game it's own little style and character making it enjoyable to play.Audio: The audio is good fun to listen too, the dwarfs say and yell some amusing phases which draws you in. The guns, drills, explosions, monsters all sound great and it makes the game more enjoyable.Controls: There are some keys I am forgetting and have to keep checking because there is a fair bit to do and get used too, but otherwise the character control itself is super easy to get a hold and overall making it enjoyable to get to grips.Game and everything else: The game is purely about mining, you get upgrades to your suit, guns, gear etc which make the game more in-depth than I originally thought. Does it feel like a grind? Not really, maybe a little bit considering each map is procedural and never the same, the monsters are the same, but that is fine, it's fun to play.You can play alone but that I find is boring and a let down making the game harder.  Playing with friends or other players is far more enjoyable because the game is meant to be played this way, on the grounds you need to use different abilities which you cannot have alone, you need team mates to do these other things and that I like.There is still some work to be done but as I write this review, the game is in early access but right now, it feels extremely solid with the build.  You kind off only notice the bugs when joining a multiplayer lobby with laggy parts or delayed effects. Solo it felt solid, but the multiplayer I can look past, but this did not always happen.There is a fair bit to do with the quests etc, the missions are different.. I hope for some more content based.There are 4 different sets of characters, each with their own abilities, play style etc so you can choose and go as much as you like.I made a video doing coop: https://youtu.be/1rik3m8J3gMWould I recommend this game? Yes, 100% I think this game is worth the time and the money, I even think this game is worth the supporter pack, yeah you do not get a lot just a skin but supporting this game and the Devs with a great product is good stuff!!
Ryo	Recommended	25.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/RyozuAkira/	Have been really enjoying the game so far. But it does have some bugs. there are connection issues and there seems to be a lot of toxic/♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ lobby hosts that kick you with no reason as soon as you load in, which isn't the game's fault though. The times I could play, which has been quite a lot considering the connection bugs and the lobby hosts, it has been really fun and I have enjoyed it.Was hyped about this game, glad the hype wasn't derailed. I have already gotten my moneys worth out of this game and will continue to play it.Note: if you really need to have keybindings to buy a game, the devs are implimenting it soon.
Trigglypuff	Recommended	9.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/attackonsushi/	I went into this expecting something great and got something amazing. Straight from the get-go, I was beyond amazed. It has some of the most beautiful and jaw-dropping environments I've ever seen in a game. The encouragement and ability to explore these worlds makes them all the more enticing. The first night of my friends and I playing it together was some of the most fun I've ever had in a game.Buy this game. I've barely scratched the surface. Experience it all for yourself.
4Head	Recommended	22.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/gaminji/	((At the time of writing this, I have 15 hours in the game. That might not seem like much, and truth be told I have only barely scratched the depth of content in this game, but what I have experienced is wonderful, and it's enough for me wholeheartedly recommend this game to anyone.))A wonderfully diverse, colorful, and immersive world filled with danger, darkness, and dwarves. Deep Rock Galactic is my personal reminder that co-operative games are not dead. This game is being pieced together with care and love; every time I come back to it there are a slew of new updates that do nothing but improve upon the game I fell in love with when I first bought it. The only crime in this game is that it's not more popular; finding games can take time outside of peak hours. Even then, the game has a robust system in the form of an AI companion called 'Bosco' to ensure that solo players are not left in the dust. But the game truly shines in multiplayer.DRG offers huge variety in terms of its gameplay. A fistful of unique mission types randomized into a dozen unique biomes that cycle on a timer, coupled with the fact that the objectives and sub-objectives of each mission are random AS WELL AS the terrain itself being random on a per-mission basis means that every(and I quite literally mean every) mission is unique, exciting, and filled to the brim with action and exploration. Every mission is a new experience, and it all feels natural and organic, like you really are a dwarf exploring the vast cave systems of some alien planet at the behest of a colossal interstellar mining corporation. The game is immersive beyond belief: impeccable sound design and perfection of artstyle has me in awe on nearly every mission. It really is quite a beautiful game.This game is a co-operative marvel. Not once have I felt like I was at odds with my comrades, most of whom have been completely random strangers to me. The mechanics of the game work beautifully to ensure that you're never competing with your fellow dwarves, but instead being rewarded for clever co-operation. The four classes are distinct, powerful, and useful in their own right; each one has their own time to shine at any given point during a mission. My personal favorite class is Driller; nothing feels better than having my team ping a dirt wall for me to carve through, or a spot on the wall where I can drill towards a gem. If a teammate goes down somewhere along the twisting corridors of a cave system, I say no problem. I rev up my drills, and forge a path directly from me to them. If I can promise one thing, it's that you will never feel useless no matter what class you pick.The most exciting part about this game for me is that it's still growing and changing. I eagerly await what's in the future for DRG. If other recent co-operative games like Vermintide 2 have left a sour taste in your mouth(as they have mine), Deep Rock Galactic is an excellent choice that will not disappoint you.Rock and stone, to the bone.
Varenvel the mildly grumpy drago	Recommended	40.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Varenvel/	-Probably the one of most "finished" early access game i played-Game as it is is tons of fun , i noticed very very few bugs or no at all (terrain generator is a bit weird but thats just that)- 4 classes to chose from with big expansion with weapon customization/equipment for classes hitting this year/very soon(assuming there are no delays)-Game is packed with action , mining is fun , having to defend against swarms and aliens is funthere are 8 diffrent maps to chose from who they rotate with hazards and buffs (low gravity is tons of fun , makes you jump way higher and fall damage is less of an isue)i wish i could say more but game is really solid and really fun and its really hard to describe something to sound fun , watch lets play or youtube of game play and you see game is tons of fun , if not there are other games on steam:)Game could be described as minecraft crossed with l4d with dwarfs.
R1V1N4LYFE	Recommended	138.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198196105707/	Only early access title I've ever been impressed by. Worth every penny and more. Best coop experience I've had in many many years. As long as you dont get dizzy from fps games, you should have this game in your library.
DRITT POTET	Recommended	51.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/dombasek/	Great game. Classes are enjoyable to play and work together very well. Teamwork is natural and common in every lobby. Missions are fairly varied, but revolve around the same idea of shooting bugs and mining.Enemies have good variance but would love to see a complete new type of enemy that isn't a "bug"Graphics and art style are wonderful, makes it a pleasure to keep exploring.Overall, well polished WORKING game that expands with every update.Some room for improvement.Upgrade and progression system is underwhelming, perks and weapon upgrades are very subtle.Driller class seems somewhat under-used. Very dark and hard to see without the scout class's flare gun£19 is quite high, especially for an early access game. I think its definitely worth it as the game is essentially in a finished state and regular updates are rolling out (https://www.deeprockgalactic.com/roadmap) 
Acid (LSD)	Recommended	111.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198105392253/	imagine a bunch of torbjorns but in an actual good and fun game
angelustibor	Recommended	164.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198332832955/	One of the best game ever
Gizmo	Recommended	62.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/x_gizmo_x/	A+.. for just hitting alpha this game is a blast!!!! i cant wait to see what all new content the devs have in store .. highly recommended
Jonny	Recommended	26.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/hoodvisions/	Great game! Can't wait for more content! It looks like Astroneers with guns right now, which is a good thing if you like that polygon-look. It's basically a 4 player coop-FPS wave-shooter where you have to collect a bunch of ores underground, exploring caves or digging your own and fight your way back to the drill ship you arrived with. You can acquire perks, vanity items and upgrades to weapons/skills and there's a bunch of biomes to explore already. I'd say the game is almost feature-complete and only missing a few things like bosses and game modes, more enemies/guns and probably some polishing here and there.
RoyalFoxtrot	Recommended	88.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/alzamya/	you hate spider? this is the best way to kill it........
Dorpz	Recommended	3.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Dorpz/	Deep Rock Galactic is a fun and pretty unique game where you can go mining as a dwarf.Even in it's current state it is pretty good, the future looks pretty bright too. The graphics aren't realistic but they're not trying to be, instead they go for a simple yet pretty damn beautiful art style of solid colours and low poly looking stuff.The gameplay is fun, you go in to a place to mine either alone or with others (more on that later) with a set objective. So for example you need to get 200 of a specific mineral and a bonus objective of finding 10 flowers. You look through the cave system which is pitch black, you need to light it up with flares, you're hacking away at the terrain to reach specific areas (or getting there using the class-specific gadgets) while also trying not to get killed by the aliens which inhabit the world you're mining on. Your reward for completing the tasks is money and any crafting materials you found in the mission which are used to make upgrades for your weapons, armour and vanity items.You also get XP for your class level and player level.Right now there's 4 classes which is cool, they all have different pros and cons. Some are better at getting around the environment where others are better at killing the aliens.Playing this with people you know is great, playing solo isn't terrible but playing with randoms can be terrible.However this isn't an issue with the game, it is an issue with humanity. Games like Borderlands and Payday have the same problem, people quit, people kick, people do the wrong thing on purpose.If you have no friends and no social skills to make friends, perhaps think twice about getting the game but if you and your  buddies are after a fun co-op game consider Deep Rock Galactic as it is pretty nice, my dude.The only negatives I can think of are that the game is in early access meaning the game isn't 100% polished, there could be a bit more content but there is plenty enough to have fun with the game right now. The core game is good meaning so long as the devs aren't stupid the game will only get better over the next year or so.I'm feeling a 7.5/10 for this game right now.Strongly recommend.
Roy	Recommended	16.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/110230/	One of the best co-op class-based games around.Every class is unique and equally useful, teamplay is very rewarding and fun.There's a big exploration drive due to everything being procedually generated, i've seen amazing caverns and♥♥♥♥♥♥Also i've seen just about every crab-like alien enemy there are, but they can surprise you every time.Enemies are varied enough to keep it challenging.For example small crabs might not be more than a nuisance in couples, but they often behave in swarm-like manners and become a real threat.There's even the ceiling tongue abduction monsters from half life.My squad of 4 random people was drilling a tunnel through a wall to get to an egg faster.Upon accidentally popping the egg while drilling towards it, we hear a huge roarThrough the tiny gap we had a ♥♥♥♥ing enormous red spider monster came charging down our tunnel. It was a boss.That♥♥♥♥♥♥was straight from lord of the rings.That was a legit "oh♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; moment and the game is full of those, i'm loving it.Definitely recommend it for full price.
Stickbob771	Recommended	29.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198043533141/	It's like Vermintide but with more beards
INTERNET	Recommended	13.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/lnternet/	Fun co-op.
Moneybagg T	Recommended	51.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/MoneybaggT/	Extremely well made game in my opinion, I love the exploration, and cohesion between the 4 classes. Everything just seems to flow together. The only "complaint" I have is how shallow the upgrade system for each of the 4 characters is. The Developers already said they will improve upon the system in the future though.
CANofSNUFF	Recommended	5.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/CANofSNUFF/	Awesome concept, I look forward to new content. This game is probably a ton of fun when you have a full group or even duo. I'm playing it solo and it's still fun I just prefer playing games like this with friends. So make sure if you're the same then find some people to play with. I think it would be cool to implement some type of base building playstyle using matierals but I don't think that's what they intend on doing with this game. I could see a mode where you can have base building and horde mode combined. Basically a base defense mode. This would be awesome :D
RT-XD	Recommended	20.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/RT-XD/	Rockin Stone...to the Bone
pullguard	Recommended	2.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/wikinz/	Pros:+good and optimized graphic+interesting game mechanics (FPS+RPG)+fun to play with friendsCons:-need more content-a few glitches every now and then 
Lovecraft	Recommended	23.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198018022492/	If you have a group of friends to play with this game is a must!  10/10
go diet please	Recommended	34.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/fabfje/	Pretty cool. me and the boys had alot of fun with it!
Scatterbine	Recommended	83.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197966921756/	Probably the best Early Access game I've ever played.  They got the core game done and are presently adding content that changes the way the game plays.  It's improving every couple weeks.It's coop and it is fun.
Eichhorst	Recommended	89.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198008045636/	Its alot of fun and in early access which means more content in the future and i just recently found out its form Danmark which got me really excited because we don't have alot of studios like Sweden
Lesolan	Recommended	453.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198081422232/	More than once I have been forced to leave behind friends in the deep dark and fight my way alone to the top, with nothing but my pick, my gun, and the will to survive another drop. And while my brothers are forever lost to me, I will always remember them, and on every departure from that accursed planet, I shall raise my pick and howl my vows and promises so their lost and wayward souls might hear me and be at peace.Rock and Stone, Brothers! LEAVE NO DWARF BEHIND!﻿
Bearo	Recommended	42.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/legendofbearo/	Not alot of games I can play and instantly know its brilliant.Just gana run over the best parts real quick.-The polygon generation makes for amazing cave environments, every missions is generated and thus your adventures will always be different especially if you make use of the 4 classes.-Looking for materials and traversing terrain while under the threat of swarms of aliens is as cool as it sounds.-Asthetic of scifi dwarfes complete with good voice acting, charmful names and looks, and a hub world thats quite fitting.-Best part- the game is made to take advantage of team work. Its possible to do everything with any one class, but its not just handy but so much fun to use the classes in the way they were meant to be.Example : Were were about to fight a mini boss in close quarters, I (the drillman) drilled a hole to a near cave with a great drop, then another dwarf created a pair of ziplines that scaled down, one dwarf set a remote charge to start the mini boss, then we all baited him into the cave/arena we crafted and fought him from the sky and ground. Just a grand ol gem.Hopefully content patches are consistant.
jetsetsoaper	Recommended	40.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198039767608/	left for dead meets evolve, meets alien swarm. or maybe starship troopers meets lord of the rings?  idk what ever the hell it is, its a great game. Tons of replayability, and it looks like the devs are far from done adding content. i would write more, but i just wanna play XP
Wicked Guardian	Recommended	3.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Tan531/	This is one of those games that, for the most part, will see you making your own fun. The feedback loop is fairly simple - you enter into levels through a mission select screen, use all the tools at your disposal to take out gigantic bug creatures, and mine as much ore as you can. Then, you rush to your escape pod and return to your base where you can spend your spoils on upgrades for your character.Outside of the feedback loop, this game has personality. Hilarious dialogue between your commander and fellow dwarves goes a long way if you play with friends. The major downside is that's where the content stops. There aren't may upgrades in its current state, and very little to do outside that basic feedback loop.TLDR: I'm excited to see where it goes, because gameplay is tight and the game shows a lot of character. But there just isn't much here at the moment.
eN	Recommended	22.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/her_0z/	👍
Asmodeus	Recommended	27.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/d1ceward/	Brothers of the mine rejoice!Swing, swing, swing with meRaise your pick and raise your voice!Sing, sing, sing with meDown and down into the deep,Who knows what we'll find beneath?Diamonds, rubies, gold and moreHidden in the mountain store.Born underground, suckled from a teat of stone.Raised in the dark, the safety of our mountain home.Skin made of iron, steel in our bones,To dig and dig makes us free!Come on brothers sing with me!I am a dwarf and I'm digging a holeDiggy diggy hole, diggy diggy hole
Salad_Snek	Recommended	17.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/tehxninja/	Has Space Dwarves 10/10
Large and in charge	Recommended	10.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198080606148/	*cough* *ahem* ROCK AND STONE BROTHER!
Asmodeus	Recommended	27.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/d1ceward/	Brothers of the mine rejoice!Swing, swing, swing with meRaise your pick and raise your voice!Sing, sing, sing with meDown and down into the deep,Who knows what we'll find beneath?Diamonds, rubies, gold and moreHidden in the mountain store.Born underground, suckled from a teat of stone.Raised in the dark, the safety of our mountain home.Skin made of iron, steel in our bones,To dig and dig makes us free!Come on brothers sing with me!I am a dwarf and I'm digging a holeDiggy diggy hole, diggy diggy hole
Destromech	Recommended	160.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/destromech/	Bought it on sale and it's worth it currently, i'm hoping that the game is only 30% or less done but it seems they want to add in a lot more with the surveys they sent out. At least another game mode but near 60 hours on it, it's at least interesting to play as a fan of helldivers and such. Could be better but currently not bad and also not too buggy.every 15 missions i may find 1 issue if it's not lag.
Wicked Guardian	Recommended	3.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Tan531/	This is one of those games that, for the most part, will see you making your own fun. The feedback loop is fairly simple - you enter into levels through a mission select screen, use all the tools at your disposal to take out gigantic bug creatures, and mine as much ore as you can. Then, you rush to your escape pod and return to your base where you can spend your spoils on upgrades for your character.Outside of the feedback loop, this game has personality. Hilarious dialogue between your commander and fellow dwarves goes a long way if you play with friends. The major downside is that's where the content stops. There aren't may upgrades in its current state, and very little to do outside that basic feedback loop.TLDR: I'm excited to see where it goes, because gameplay is tight and the game shows a lot of character. But there just isn't much here at the moment.
BarfQc	Recommended	250.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198009095986/	must want! must have! must play! at this price in alpha! such wow! such swarm! such mining! such DEEP ROCK GALACTIC!
Thirst Mutilator	Recommended	31.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/iridon/	Let me open with this. The game play is rock solid, feels like it's more fleshed out than any other procedurally generated game I've ever touched. The developers seem very active about updating it, and open to new ideas to add, on top of already having a good plan laid ahead. Elements of many popular games litter this, the co-op idea of vermintide/L4d, the satisfaction of mining from minecraft, and synergy between classes like I've never seen on an FPS before.  The procedurally generated caverns have not stopped amazing me every time I come accross a good one, the lighting of this game is so simple yet beautiful, and the environments that you travel through are breathtaking. It properly scratches that exploration itch, again and again.  I was prepared for an early access game that would be fun for the price and suddenly find myself completely entranced by it.
Zinkomatik	Recommended	39.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Dwarfingdwarf/	After watching Starship troopers when I was a child I wanted to play a game where a I just kill massive amount of bugs coming out of everywhere.A  game where everyone has a specialization and play off each others abilities.This is a child dream come true :')And by the way I tried getting this "starship troopers's feeling" with other games but it never worked out as fun as in Deep Rock Galactic.
Denouvo	Recommended	52.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/reyzure/	===[ Player Bases: ]===☐ Kids☐ Everyone☑ Casual players☑ Gamers☑ Hardcore Gamers===[ ☼ Graphics: ]===☐ Minecraft☐ Really bad☐ Bad☐ OK☑ Good☐ Beautiful☐ Masterpiece===[ Price/quality: ]===☑ Full price☑ Wait for sale☐ Average☐ Refund it if you can☐ Don't do it☐ Free===[ ☣ Requirments: ]===☐ 90' PC☐ Minimum☑ Medium☑ Fast☐ High end☐ NASA computer===[ ☼ Difficulty: ]===☐ You just need 2 arms☐ Ez☑ Easy to learn / Hard to master☑ Hard (couples of hours getting beat up)☐ Nope===[Game time/length ]===☑ Really short ( 0 - 2 hours)☐ Short ( 2 - 10 hours)☐ Few hours ( 8 - 20 hours)☐ Long ( 30+ hours)☑ Endless (Depends on the player)===[ Story] ===☑ It doesn't have☑ Still better than Twilight☐ Okay☐ Quite Good☐ Fantastic===[ Bugs ]===☐ 24/7 Bugs☐ Bugs sometimes crashing the game sometimes☐ Some bugs there and there☐ Few Bugs☑ Funny bugs☐ Nothing===[ ♬ Sound/Music] ===☑ Great atmosphere☐ Story Narration☑ For every action☐ Too much music☐ it only turns away9.5/10
ALEX	Recommended	8.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Alex_Alex_AleX/	If you go to the jukebox you can floss with some music, great game though, really hope the devs add more. Right now it feels like the same mission on different worlds. Although my friends and I are having a lot of fun with the game. Running around hitting rock and killing aliens. But the devs need to add a lot more in the future, I understand its in early access. Overall great game with a very small amount of bugs.
8BitHobbit	Recommended	39.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198113251634/	This game is definitely worth it's price point. Each class has it's own unique abilities that help contribute to the team. It has a little bit of the Minecraft feel with the mining and the enemy waves feel alot like Vemrintide or left for dead. It runs very well and feels optimized. Playing with friends brings the game up a notch but the solo or quickplay features are fun as well. I'm very excited to see what they add in the future. 9/10 only due to the lack of end game.
Koolguy_101	Recommended	14.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198153287000/	More contentThats all this game needsright now everything to the menu has great potential. it would be cool if the end screen when you win was a bit more satisfying tho
INTERNET	Recommended	13.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/lnternet/	Fun co-op.
Heimdal	Recommended	59.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Heimdal180/	This game is so much fun. It's rock solid. Literally. Really fun to play with friends as well as solo. The worlds are just beautiful, exploring and mining in them quickly becomes very addictive. The characters are pretty funny as well and everything blends together well into a dwarf-packed mining adventure.
Legitimate Sociopath	Recommended	67.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/snwixeW/	Let me just start by saying this is one of the best games I have played and I recommend everyone at least try it. In its current state, it is by no means perfect, there are many bugs and poorly generated parts of the map. If you can deal with that sort of thing then you will have a lot of fun with (hopefully) some of your friends. There is a nice progression system in the game where to get the better equipment you first must level up by doing missions followed by trying to find certain areas that are abundant with the resource you need to craft the top tier upgrades. The four classes are pretty well balanced and work amazingly well together, I encourage you to try them all out and not just play one. Before I bought this game I looked at screenshots and the description and did not think anything of it and was not intending to buy it. That was until I saw gameplay of four people played together all as different classes and I knew that if I could get a couple of my friends together we would have an absolute blast playing this game, and I was correct. Even if you do not have any friends to play with you can either play alone with a robot that you can command to attack and mine that will automatically resurrect you if you die (up to 3 times), or you can join someone else's public lobby and make some new friends. The game is still in early access and I look forward to seeing this game evolve. [Current State: 9/10 - Almost Perfect] 
IvHyBrid	Recommended	6.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ivhybrid/	amazing game expecially when you are communicating with people. Its really fun and enjoyable with a variety of missions and classes.
Traygor	Recommended	43.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/krieger91/	One of the best early access games I have played. The optimization is superb. The graphics are simple yet look amazing, honestly they rival some AAA games. I get some major Aliens and L4D vibes from this game. Very fun and fairly simple. Just good mining and alien shooting fun. Highly recommend.
qwerpoi	Recommended	38.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198088500200/	Very fun and great feeling from mining ore. Can't wait for more content
Stickbob771	Recommended	29.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198043533141/	It's like Vermintide but with more beards
Roy	Recommended	16.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/110230/	One of the best co-op class-based games around.Every class is unique and equally useful, teamplay is very rewarding and fun.There's a big exploration drive due to everything being procedually generated, i've seen amazing caverns and♥♥♥♥♥♥Also i've seen just about every crab-like alien enemy there are, but they can surprise you every time.Enemies are varied enough to keep it challenging.For example small crabs might not be more than a nuisance in couples, but they often behave in swarm-like manners and become a real threat.There's even the ceiling tongue abduction monsters from half life.My squad of 4 random people was drilling a tunnel through a wall to get to an egg faster.Upon accidentally popping the egg while drilling towards it, we hear a huge roarThrough the tiny gap we had a ♥♥♥♥ing enormous red spider monster came charging down our tunnel. It was a boss.That♥♥♥♥♥♥was straight from lord of the rings.That was a legit "oh♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; moment and the game is full of those, i'm loving it.Definitely recommend it for full price.
Søren	Recommended	13.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/strv103/	It's a great game :)
4Head	Recommended	22.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/gaminji/	((At the time of writing this, I have 15 hours in the game. That might not seem like much, and truth be told I have only barely scratched the depth of content in this game, but what I have experienced is wonderful, and it's enough for me wholeheartedly recommend this game to anyone.))A wonderfully diverse, colorful, and immersive world filled with danger, darkness, and dwarves. Deep Rock Galactic is my personal reminder that co-operative games are not dead. This game is being pieced together with care and love; every time I come back to it there are a slew of new updates that do nothing but improve upon the game I fell in love with when I first bought it. The only crime in this game is that it's not more popular; finding games can take time outside of peak hours. Even then, the game has a robust system in the form of an AI companion called 'Bosco' to ensure that solo players are not left in the dust. But the game truly shines in multiplayer.DRG offers huge variety in terms of its gameplay. A fistful of unique mission types randomized into a dozen unique biomes that cycle on a timer, coupled with the fact that the objectives and sub-objectives of each mission are random AS WELL AS the terrain itself being random on a per-mission basis means that every(and I quite literally mean every) mission is unique, exciting, and filled to the brim with action and exploration. Every mission is a new experience, and it all feels natural and organic, like you really are a dwarf exploring the vast cave systems of some alien planet at the behest of a colossal interstellar mining corporation. The game is immersive beyond belief: impeccable sound design and perfection of artstyle has me in awe on nearly every mission. It really is quite a beautiful game.This game is a co-operative marvel. Not once have I felt like I was at odds with my comrades, most of whom have been completely random strangers to me. The mechanics of the game work beautifully to ensure that you're never competing with your fellow dwarves, but instead being rewarded for clever co-operation. The four classes are distinct, powerful, and useful in their own right; each one has their own time to shine at any given point during a mission. My personal favorite class is Driller; nothing feels better than having my team ping a dirt wall for me to carve through, or a spot on the wall where I can drill towards a gem. If a teammate goes down somewhere along the twisting corridors of a cave system, I say no problem. I rev up my drills, and forge a path directly from me to them. If I can promise one thing, it's that you will never feel useless no matter what class you pick.The most exciting part about this game for me is that it's still growing and changing. I eagerly await what's in the future for DRG. If other recent co-operative games like Vermintide 2 have left a sour taste in your mouth(as they have mine), Deep Rock Galactic is an excellent choice that will not disappoint you.Rock and stone, to the bone.
Varenvel the mildly grumpy drago	Recommended	40.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Varenvel/	-Probably the one of most "finished" early access game i played-Game as it is is tons of fun , i noticed very very few bugs or no at all (terrain generator is a bit weird but thats just that)- 4 classes to chose from with big expansion with weapon customization/equipment for classes hitting this year/very soon(assuming there are no delays)-Game is packed with action , mining is fun , having to defend against swarms and aliens is funthere are 8 diffrent maps to chose from who they rotate with hazards and buffs (low gravity is tons of fun , makes you jump way higher and fall damage is less of an isue)i wish i could say more but game is really solid and really fun and its really hard to describe something to sound fun , watch lets play or youtube of game play and you see game is tons of fun , if not there are other games on steam:)Game could be described as minecraft crossed with l4d with dwarfs.
R1V1N4LYFE	Recommended	138.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198196105707/	Only early access title I've ever been impressed by. Worth every penny and more. Best coop experience I've had in many many years. As long as you dont get dizzy from fps games, you should have this game in your library.
DRITT POTET	Recommended	51.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/dombasek/	Great game. Classes are enjoyable to play and work together very well. Teamwork is natural and common in every lobby. Missions are fairly varied, but revolve around the same idea of shooting bugs and mining.Enemies have good variance but would love to see a complete new type of enemy that isn't a "bug"Graphics and art style are wonderful, makes it a pleasure to keep exploring.Overall, well polished WORKING game that expands with every update.Some room for improvement.Upgrade and progression system is underwhelming, perks and weapon upgrades are very subtle.Driller class seems somewhat under-used. Very dark and hard to see without the scout class's flare gun£19 is quite high, especially for an early access game. I think its definitely worth it as the game is essentially in a finished state and regular updates are rolling out (https://www.deeprockgalactic.com/roadmap) 
Acid (LSD)	Recommended	111.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198105392253/	imagine a bunch of torbjorns but in an actual good and fun game
angelustibor	Recommended	164.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198332832955/	One of the best game ever
Jonny	Recommended	26.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/hoodvisions/	Great game! Can't wait for more content! It looks like Astroneers with guns right now, which is a good thing if you like that polygon-look. It's basically a 4 player coop-FPS wave-shooter where you have to collect a bunch of ores underground, exploring caves or digging your own and fight your way back to the drill ship you arrived with. You can acquire perks, vanity items and upgrades to weapons/skills and there's a bunch of biomes to explore already. I'd say the game is almost feature-complete and only missing a few things like bosses and game modes, more enemies/guns and probably some polishing here and there.
Ryo	Recommended	25.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/RyozuAkira/	Have been really enjoying the game so far. But it does have some bugs. there are connection issues and there seems to be a lot of toxic/♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ lobby hosts that kick you with no reason as soon as you load in, which isn't the game's fault though. The times I could play, which has been quite a lot considering the connection bugs and the lobby hosts, it has been really fun and I have enjoyed it.Was hyped about this game, glad the hype wasn't derailed. I have already gotten my moneys worth out of this game and will continue to play it.Note: if you really need to have keybindings to buy a game, the devs are implimenting it soon.
Gizmo	Recommended	62.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/x_gizmo_x/	A+.. for just hitting alpha this game is a blast!!!! i cant wait to see what all new content the devs have in store .. highly recommended
Victor Seras	Recommended	4.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/yarrick20/	Deep Rock Galactic: THE SQUATS HAVE RETURNED!(Warhammer 40,000) go out, buy it and get in touch with your inner Squ- i mean Space Dwarf!
Homer_S15	Recommended	7.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Homer_S15/	I played a match in Solo mode with level 3 mission length and level 3 complexity.Ended up getting the secondary objective done, finding a metric ton of every possible material.After about 2 hours in that mission i had 371/400 Morkite. I couldn't find anymore so i ran out of ammo and died loosing everything.Don't ever play Solo mode...i cried.
Heimdal	Recommended	59.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Heimdal180/	This game is so much fun. It's rock solid. Literally. Really fun to play with friends as well as solo. The worlds are just beautiful, exploring and mining in them quickly becomes very addictive. The characters are pretty funny as well and everything blends together well into a dwarf-packed mining adventure.
ComradeWinston	Recommended	61.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/comradewinston/	There are plenty of coop games that involve endless hordes but this one finds its niche in the space mining business. You're thrown into the depths of a stellar body to fulfill a mission, at variable levels of danger and so on. Everything is destructible, various types of ore and resources feed into the current or future missions(by way of upgrades), and you can even throw your space shekels at cosmetics.This might be one of my favorite examples of a procedurally generated environment, since getting around is so well integrated as a part of the core gameplay. Also its very cohesive cooperative mechanics all lend towards actually being helpful to each other, not running off on your own like an idiot. There aren't so many enemies that it feels like a shallow horde-murder simulation, its a mission that happens to invovle some pesky bugs but its really all about getting through uncharted depths with your fellow space dwarves.
It may or may not be butter.	Recommended	28.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197997450546/	Up to four foreign invaders descend on a peaceful planet, destroying its natural beauty and killing its indigenous life. But these invaders are themselves oppressed. They are culturally and economically coerced into taking high-risk jobs while the lion's share of their labors go to their corporate owners.11/10, a fearless examination of class warfare from the perspective of those who are both victims and perpetrators of a meat-grinder, race-to-the-bottom existence.
mogito	Recommended	10.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197992514256/	The game ''base'' looks pretty solid, innovative, funny, a very good graphic, gameplay and decent audio. the game seems like is hugely work in progress and seems like is complete at 15% + - BUT this is a VERY good thing. because if it is funny and awesome now imagine when complete. i just hope devs are not going to drop the idea after the day one sell like 90% of every alpha game on steam. this game need 1-2 updates x week for sure, and at leat 1 MEGA UPDATE x month with maps, characters, weapons, upgrades, monsters... please, dont surrend. people giving bad review is because they dont know anything about videogames. this game is kinda very solid and just need good devs behind. co-op pve games are very rare in this 2018 never surrender.
Rike	Recommended	46.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198011733671/	Dwarves, space mining, and bugs. It is amazing.
sprodo	Recommended	6.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/sprodo/	Played as Driller, made some holes and fell straight down into a pit and died. Honestly one of the most enjoyable coop games ive played in awhile. Just the satifaction of mining and then dying or beating waves of aliens.
Enjoy	Recommended	16.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/enjoiryans/	Extremely fun game, with continuous development I can see this becoming a masterpiece.
WhiskeyPants	Recommended	26.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197992382324/	Value: 20+Face it- vidya games are entertainment just like a movie, a book, or a ticket to a concert. A pint or two down at the pub with friends will cost you $5-$10 easy. This game easily hits and goes past the magical $1 an hour mark for healthier and cheaper at-home entertainment. I think I got it on sale for about 15 but it is easily worth 20 or more if it keeps getting improved on. Immersion: 7/10 (can likely get better with updates!)The stylized and almost comic-ish space-dwarf theme and mine-able terrain is a big hit, as is the excellent soundtrack. Grenade launchers and bombs feel powerful and leave big holes. Bugs swarm as realisticly as you would think space mine bugs would, they spray acid, they lose chunks on exoskeleton on hits. Alone there is little fear, but they never show up alone. The actual mineral ore collecting with your pickaxe is just annoying enough to feel like you are doing something but not get boring. The different cave systems and insane complexity of procedurally generating them make each mission a new mission. This is still early access so you can tell some areas need tweaking, but it is hours of fun as-is. I look forward to the new updates. Gameplay: 7/10This is quite a fun class based dungeon/mining/proc generated shooter. For fans of l4d the 'style' of gameplay will feel familiar but is only PvE for now. My only complaint is the same as above, something still feel incomplete though the last updated added enough mutations that every map filled with only exploding bugs or crazy amounts of ore or whatever feels much more exciting. Support: 8/10The devs keep adding updates almost monthly it seems. Hope they can keep it up and get a polished product out there. Final: This game is great as-is and also has huge potential. The enviornments and enemies are decently varied, each class is unique and has strengths and weaknesses, and its fun. You can tell it still needs a little polishing, but this is going to be a gem when they get done with it. I watched the videos and took a chance on it, and it was well worth it.
[MCRN] Ahlos	Recommended	46.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198009859621/	Space dwarfs! Can it be any better!!Fun and intense at harder diffuculties if playing with friends on discord and alike programs..For rock and stone!!!
Hejeldrummer	Recommended	1.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Hejeldrummer/	Played it for 2 hours with friends and it's good fun. It's a grinding and wave defense game, so a nice thing to play inbetween other games have fun with buddies and chill out in voice chat. The difficulty is okay. It's very repetitive but manages to stay interesting since you have to mine tactically and also be smart about drops and pickups. Overall I'm happy, not the greatest game of all times but I'd give it a 6.5 out of 10 which means it's decent fun. The price however could be lower. I'd say 15 bucks would be more like it.
Akkarin	Recommended	34.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/akari_is_best_girl/	Great game even in early access! I've been following the game for a while now and it keeps getting better, the community is very nice too! It's a coop shooter with hordes of enemies, similiar to left 4 dead or other games like that, but you also gotta dig for ores and the areas are randomly generated, so you'll never know what will come next!Pros: It has dwarfesMoustaches"Rock and Stone!"Very appealing visual style4 fun classesNice communityCons:Sometimes the randomness can feel really unfair, getting swarmed by 6 praetorians in a small area pretty much means instant death because they have an extremly strong acid breathe attack
Non-Toxic Glue	Recommended	8.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198087158362/	The first thing I need to mention is how amazing the soundtrack is. I would love to see more songs and ambient sounds introduced. I can see myself sinking a lot of hours into the game if they keep making positive improvements and additions. It is EA, so I can only assume that they will be. I love how they encourage team play, and I hope more new and exciting ways to expand on that are in our future. Hope I can call this one of my all time favs one day!
mogito	Recommended	10.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197992514256/	The game ''base'' looks pretty solid, innovative, funny, a very good graphic, gameplay and decent audio. the game seems like is hugely work in progress and seems like is complete at 15% + - BUT this is a VERY good thing. because if it is funny and awesome now imagine when complete. i just hope devs are not going to drop the idea after the day one sell like 90% of every alpha game on steam. this game need 1-2 updates x week for sure, and at leat 1 MEGA UPDATE x month with maps, characters, weapons, upgrades, monsters... please, dont surrend. people giving bad review is because they dont know anything about videogames. this game is kinda very solid and just need good devs behind. co-op pve games are very rare in this 2018 never surrender.
BryRacer	Recommended	241.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198000545377/	This game is getting better and better!  Try it out NOW!  ROCK AND STONE!!Combines greed, survival and dwarves - and now BEER!
Gumbo	Recommended	9.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198157617388/	3 hours in (which isn't nearly enough time for a game like this) and i'm loving it. Even though it's randomly generated it looks beautiful and feels like i'm really exploring a cave with my dwarf buddies.if you like minecraft or L4D get this gamePros-satisfying to mine-very interesting caves-feels like a cave-classes work together very well-good artstyle-feels tense when you have to get to the drop pod-zip lines-dwarves-controller support-great controls-surprisingly good combat-veriety of enemiesCons-not great in solo-if you get a bad team it can be a little frustrating-sometimes can be a little annoying to find where to go but with 4 players it doesn' take too long (only 1 game I restarted because i didn't know where to go -bit expensive
♛ PrinceofBB ♛	Recommended	4.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/princeofbb/	My first 90 minutes in the game and I can say this game has a big potential. Besides the funny graphics, the gameplay and content is fun. Overall I do recommend the game
Trollercoaster	Recommended	89.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198048001270/	84 hours in this game now and i'm still enjoying it a lot :D
KittenSmitten	Recommended	10.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197998180731/	I wish i had friends to play this with. At least there is matchmaking and a server list though. Great job to the devs keep up the good work!
Jehan	Recommended	8.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Jehanski/	Early Access Review
Jonny	Recommended	26.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/hoodvisions/	Great game! Can't wait for more content! It looks like Astroneers with guns right now, which is a good thing if you like that polygon-look. It's basically a 4 player coop-FPS wave-shooter where you have to collect a bunch of ores underground, exploring caves or digging your own and fight your way back to the drill ship you arrived with. You can acquire perks, vanity items and upgrades to weapons/skills and there's a bunch of biomes to explore already. I'd say the game is almost feature-complete and only missing a few things like bosses and game modes, more enemies/guns and probably some polishing here and there.
Gizmo	Recommended	62.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/x_gizmo_x/	A+.. for just hitting alpha this game is a blast!!!! i cant wait to see what all new content the devs have in store .. highly recommended
Stephenomenal	Recommended	14.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198004022371/	I got home a wee bit intoxicated one evening to hear my two friends on discord arguing over whether or not to spend all their credits on a beard. Needless to say, I was already downloading the game by the time they asked me to join.Did not disappoint.
ComradeWinston	Recommended	61.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/comradewinston/	There are plenty of coop games that involve endless hordes but this one finds its niche in the space mining business. You're thrown into the depths of a stellar body to fulfill a mission, at variable levels of danger and so on. Everything is destructible, various types of ore and resources feed into the current or future missions(by way of upgrades), and you can even throw your space shekels at cosmetics.This might be one of my favorite examples of a procedurally generated environment, since getting around is so well integrated as a part of the core gameplay. Also its very cohesive cooperative mechanics all lend towards actually being helpful to each other, not running off on your own like an idiot. There aren't so many enemies that it feels like a shallow horde-murder simulation, its a mission that happens to invovle some pesky bugs but its really all about getting through uncharted depths with your fellow space dwarves.
It may or may not be butter.	Recommended	28.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197997450546/	Up to four foreign invaders descend on a peaceful planet, destroying its natural beauty and killing its indigenous life. But these invaders are themselves oppressed. They are culturally and economically coerced into taking high-risk jobs while the lion's share of their labors go to their corporate owners.11/10, a fearless examination of class warfare from the perspective of those who are both victims and perpetrators of a meat-grinder, race-to-the-bottom existence.
The Fanless	Recommended	105.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198178389937/	10/10 game. Worth my money.Devs keep realeasing updates with content and fixes demanded by the community.Also this is way more fun when you play with friends.  
CaptainOblivious	Recommended	21.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/C4ptain0blivious/	Great game! The only issue someone might have would be that the game openly encourages drinking for miners ;)
ryanthewise	Recommended	23.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198333984139/	Early Access Review
Spykerhyk	Recommended	73.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/spykerhyk/	One of my favorite games with incredible devs who keep the game fresh with updates filled with loads of content
gibgun	Recommended	76.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/gibgun/	- Perfect mix of procedural generation and viable yet challenging levels? Check- Fun, unique classes with more on the way? Check- Very well tuned exploration and combat gameplay? Check- Built from the ground up with co-op in mind? Check!DRG is the most fun I've had on an FPS for years. I've been playing this game week on week with a friend, and I am always ready for more. The graphics are unique yet beautiful, and tasks that would feel mundane in any other game feel oddly satisfying - this is in part due to the frankly stellar sound design. The glimpse we have had of the roadmap for this game is really exciting, and the developers take fan feedback and suggestions very seriously - many things have already been implemented!I would love to see the steam version of this game support cross platform play. If that happens in the future then I'll be a happy dwarf indeedUpdate: Lots of exciting stuff coming in the pipe, and the new reload animations are rad!Rock And Stone!
DrunkPenguin	Recommended	86.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Thepenguin65678/	Good game if you like Dwarfs. Really good game well worth the money. Great community and devs. 10/10.Now that I’ve played the game for around 80 hours I can honestly say this is one of the best PvE indie games out here at the moment with still a huge potential. Constant updates and improvements show the devs are really invested in the game and don’t want to leave it to die. If you’ve got £20 to spend on a game then I advise you to put it here if you’re looking for people to play with just join the discord as there’s many people there who are still playing. I’ve made many a dwarf friend down in the caves while there are still a few minor bugs which I won’t go in to some are truly amazingly funny but the overall game is good with a cap at level 20 which takes a few hours then cosmetics can keep you entertained for probably 30+ hours for one character depending on how successful you are and on what level you choose.  Still 10/10
satanlives	Recommended	34.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198068048244/	güzel
Sunjaro	Recommended	554.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198090199329/	Awesome game! It is easy to enjoy all the TLC the Devs keep giving us through this game. The updates are launching in a reasonable time frame and each update has undeniably made the game better. I would strongly recommend this game to anyone who loves stout (possibly) bearded grumpy dudes that mine and kill stuff. Rock and Stone to the Bone!
BushWooki	Recommended	7.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mastofi/	I've been playing about 4h when making this review, also we are a premade team. The game is fun. 8/10
Neozoon	Recommended	523.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198040828368/	Oh shwid! My life is lost!
Barry B. Benson	Recommended	8.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/hahayesnice/	JUST GET IN THE ♥♥♥♥ING ESCAPE POD PLEASE
Swoozle	Recommended	84.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kingkneel/	Blast with your friends, loads of fun!
It's Carl!	Recommended	7.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/PrincessCarl/	its fun with friends and tense by yourself.
Waltruss	Recommended	37.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198104562303/	An amazing game ! I did'nt know what i was getting myself into , but it paid in the end Very Well Optimized , nice graphics , good gameplay , its starting to be hard to believe that its a early access game , keep up the good work !!
Downtown	Recommended	23.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197961372948/	Very seldom review games, but this had myself and my two mates in histerics  and crapping ourselves at the same time, best £19 i have spent in a very long time.We very quickly discoverd that we where not very good at this game, it the focus on coop is extremly important.Oh cool ook there is a rich vein, cool even some cold... uh guys somthing doent feel right****SWARM INCOMING*******Cannt wait to see where this game goes, up there for game indie game of the year ! 
ATC Guardian	Recommended	11.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ATCGuardian/	Early Access Review
Shazzamon	Recommended	29.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198054949718/	One minute you're mining with a buddy in the middle of bug-infested caverns, desperately trying not to get exploded, crushed or melted by acid as you attempt to gather precious minerals.The next you're playing rodeo with wild barrels in the lobby, with a button dedicated to "Dad Noises".All I can think of how to describe it is the constant "oh yes" sensation of finding rare gems in other diggers, but the monotony is broken up by randomly generated maps and pretty satisfying combat. It leaves you wanting some more action the moment you've filled your M.U.L.E. and have rushed to extraction.Possibly one of the best Early Access games I've seen yet, just hoping for a quick fix on the Memory Leak issue.(YE BE WARNED: TABBING CAN FORCE YOU TO RESTART YOUR COMPUTER! So play in Windowed, not WFullscreen or straight Fullscreen, and close the game if you need to tab out)Buckle up, Space Dwarves. You're in for some Sci-Fi fun with friends. This is a fantastic game to play with your pals or significant other, as it's designed for teamwork! Lots and lots of teamwork.
Zerarctem	Recommended	66.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198131662323/	Game is really enjoyable, it kind of acts like Helldivers and Warframe in a sense of you have your area where you select your mission, upgrade your gear and buy materials but the missions are procedurally generated. Yet the game feels like it has much more content to offer than both of the games I listed previously and it is in early access and getting regular updates.
Kirberculosis	Recommended	11.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Niggadasbacon/	Been having a blast playing this with friends, and solo. Nothing in gaming compares to finding a dark cave, throwing a flare and realizing that you're surrounded only to be picked off because you wandered too far from your squad. Runs super well too I get a stable 144fps with a 1070 and i5-660k.
Stonetailz	Recommended	27.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Stonetailz/	Best barrel kicking simulator ever!!
Androctonus	Recommended	2.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/oshmar/	Good PVE coop game, great with friends
~ringringHello?	Recommended	11.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/8lade/	 FOR ROCK AND STOOOONEEE!
Draknar V2.0	Recommended	12.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Draknar6B6S6M/	Rock and stone brother!
Kaelath	Recommended	38.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197990239542/	Starship Dwarves. Rock and Stone! Would you like to know more?
longbeard180	Recommended	12.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/longbeard180/	Super fun to kill time with friends. I would classify this as the same type of game as something like Warhammer: Vermintide or Left for Dead.
akula	Recommended	7.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/akula89/	This game is a blast with a buddy or 3 on discord. (or in game voice-comms)5/5!
OmarFW	Recommended	55.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/90000001/	A fun and polished game from devs who clearly know what they're doing. I wouldn't be able to tell this was an early access title if not for the sections of the hub sectioned off for future content. It runs great on my system and has a lot of quality of life design choices not present in many AAA titles. Can't wait to see what they add in terms of content.
sLick	Recommended	43.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/sLick459/	Really great coop game, everybody needs to be involved to solve the missions and to find the right path trough the caves. Already had a lot of fun with this game. Would defenitely recommend! Rock and Stone to the Bone!
192	Recommended	15.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198010549246/	Early Access Review
Doylizm	Recommended	4.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198015808170/	First time I've bothered to leave a review on steam. DRG is pretty ♥♥♥♥ing cool.
Wom	Recommended	34.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/BuyNoMansSky/	I am a dwarf and I'm digging a holeDiggy diggy holeI'm digging a hole
Nick Almasy	Recommended	189.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198027648226/	This game is amazing. I have been playing this game since March of this year and it has not dissappointed me. Either solo or in a group, DRG has alot of replayability because of the randomly generated maps and the constant updates from the devs. And besides, who doesn't want to be a badass dwarf?
Mr.Yoder	Recommended	10.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198006729790/	Tips To Win1. Get shot from space into a planet while inside a death drill.2. Spam "V" to encourage teammates. "NO DWARF LEFT BEHIND!" 3. Gather the minerals then spam "C" to yell at the MULE. 4. Fight bugs with your flame thrower of mass destruction. 5. Call in the shuttle and try to follow the MULE through the resupply drop hole. 6. Panic because there are many bugs and very little time to escape.7. Do your best to ignore the cries of a downed teammate.8. Leave your teammate behind.9. Spam "V" as you leave to honor those that died heroes.10. "ROCK AND STONE TO THE BONE."
Swaggurl1994	Recommended	19.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Heyitsdog/	Get some friends, waste all your ammo, panic, die, repeat.
Mr. Mimples	Recommended	13.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197971290802/	You just can't win with early access... The top complaints you will here are performance is bad, game breaking bugs, network issues. NONE OF THESE THINGS ARE PROBLEMS in Deep Rock Galactic. The game is like they claim, ROCK SOLID. I am positive that the very few issues this game has will be patched out in no time and let me state, there are very few issues with this game.People claim the game is repetitive. This is true but it's so much damn fun everytime. Lots of games are repetitive, most games are repetitive, the only difference is that this one remains fun. Finding your way down these very complex randomly generated cave systems is very interesting. It really challenges your memory and navigation skills. You really have to take into account your surroundings and leave your little trail of flares "jelly beans" to help you decide where you have been making getting back to your ship to extract very intense and exciting. Coupled with the beautiful and amazing lighting using the unreal 4 engine makes this game feel so right. Many things this game does just feels right. Everything just works how you would expect it to, like you would want it to.  This is definitely a buy. It is the most polished and playable EA title on the steam market place I can guarantee it. This game will only get better and it is the only game in a very long time that has held my attention for 5 hours a sitting.
Shefnar	Recommended	19.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198057494480/	This game is the dark souls of minecraft.
Gary Yogurt	Recommended	114.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/garyyogurt/	A space dwarf co-op game where you can be a liability because of your drinking problem.  Skull Crushers on me.  10/10
Scrotamancer	Recommended	94.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/lildudefood/	Early Access Review
rancorjack	Recommended	8.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198120889679/	Its a grand gay time
Velka	Recommended	19.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198009000470/	Really fun, add more content plz.
ADALEXAD	Recommended	74.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ADALEXAD/	There is something really special about this game. It's incredibly fun, even after maxing out all of the character levels. It presents a very simple and easy-to-grasp form of gameplay: mine the ores, kill the aliens, get home safe, and each of the classes in the game feels unique and fun to play. One of my favorite selling points of the multiplayer in this game is that each class offers something unique and helpful, but if your team is missing one of them you can still do just fine. Everybody can go the same class and it all works out. The meta is very flexible and you can play however you like and still be successful (most of the time). It's charming, fun, and offers endless replayability with its procedurally generated levels. I love this game.
Quirky Purple	Recommended	20.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/piratesbooty/	From pretty chill to pretty challenging.  All fun and engaging.  Even a goofy lobby.  Rock and Stone!  No...but really, buy this to screw around with your friends for a chatty good time mining and killing bugs.  FOR KARL.  And mission control can shove the barrels up his♥♥♥♥♥♥
Duke of York	Recommended	73.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198049593936/	This is one of the best co-op games I've ever played, and certainly the best I've played in the last decade IMO. Great fun to go around with your mates and blow up a load of aliens. Great soundtracks too. Currently in alpha, so more content is sure to be released, and the game runs with little bugs even now. Highly recommend.
MrCptMajor	Recommended	14.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/CptMAJOR1/	You get to play as a fatass, grizzly-voiced, gatling-gun wielding, zipline shooting, C4-detonating, DORF. You go into caves, mine the ♥♥♥♥ out of em, and spray hot-lead at gigantic bugs and 1200 rounds per minute. Not to mention theres all kinds of cosmetics to choose from. My DORF has elvis hair and a Santa beard. Buy this game. ♥♥♥♥.
Malone.j2	Recommended	12.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/thatguymalone/	One of the better indie games I've ever played. Bought it on, or around, the day of release and it was pulling its own weight pretty much right out of the gate, which is something kind of atypical of games of this genre, especially more recently (recently being the past year or three.)The explorative nature of the game paired with some pretty admirable graphics is immersive enough, and the experience translates well to a multiplayer setting (I would argue that playing this game with multiple people both introduces a fun element of teamwork to the game and accentuates the dynamic and winding feel of the game, which is really the standout quality of the game as a whole.)
Funshine	Recommended	12.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198194541089/	Very fun game, love playing it! One suggestion is that when you die, you can maybe pay a resource to revive? With just me and my husband playing it, it can get frustrating when, purely hypothetically of course, he is running backwards and falls down a hole to his death, and I try to revive him and stand on exploding bugs and die. This is especially sad when you spend 40 minutes exploring every nook and crannie collecting minerals, and die 30 meters from the drop pod.
jakob	Recommended	24.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/steamywell/	Very nice game more mine pls
ethanol	Recommended	46.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/zEthanol/	This game is fantastic. Great fun with friends. Definitely recommend it.
FishyFishy	Recommended	50.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Robofish4/	if you have 3 other friends and want a great game where you play as dwarfs in space and kill aliens while mining resources this is the game for you.
Ezekial  🖖	Recommended	8.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/_ezekial/	Really good co-op game.
longbeard180	Recommended	12.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/longbeard180/	Super fun to kill time with friends. I would classify this as the same type of game as something like Warhammer: Vermintide or Left for Dead.
AdagioT	Recommended	32.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Flameburst/	Starship Troopers as space mining dwarves, what more is there?Amazingly good game, every class plays differently, and every run feels fresh and new due to procedural generation. The premise: get in, mine resources, get out.  Except you have no idea where the pickup dropship will be, and then it's a mad scramble for the dropship before it leaves you.
Bryson	Recommended	4.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Brysonnnn/	So far a great game.  My only complaint is that some things are hard to find if you dont know where to find them.  For example a Friend and I spend 40 mins looking for eggs but we didnt know where to find them.  Luckaly a random player joined and knew where to find them.  But also some other bugs but it is a very fun game.
ImAJehovasWitness	Recommended	6.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ImaJehovasWitness/	This game is awesome playing with friends. It can still be very enjoyable with randoms which 9 out of 10 times it is, but theres always that one time the host will kick you for no reason or the other players will vote to kick because you arent a higher level as they are. it is a positive review for now because there are easily more pros than cons! but hopefully they decide to fix the kicking issue.
Boss Kemp	Recommended	32.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/BossKemp/	A unique game thats in great shape for early access. A few annoying bugs here and there. Only ever experienced one crash.Already contains a good variation in game modes. The procedurally generated cave systems are made to come across as different experiences each time.Really looking forward to whatever they have to bring in the future.Game just needs more of everything (Y).
dodgy medic droid	Recommended	8.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198047037293/	fun gameplay
KyleBooze	Recommended	174.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kyle_booze/	Mining, Bugs, Guns, Teamwork. What more could you want in a game?
Restorater	Recommended	23.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Restorater/	I think this is a fantastic game. A content rich and very unique game. The devs have put lots of work into this game, and it has definately payed off, as this is a "just one more mission" type of game!If you like games with lots of conetnt and that are a bit different (in a good way), then this is the game for you!. There is complete destructable terrain and a choice of 4 amazing classes to play. The great progression system includes finding certain recources in certain mines and using those recources along with the credits you earn after missions, to upgrade your classes, you can even change your armour and beard shape!These are the types of games you can never get bored of!Restorater!
Scorpionking160	Recommended	51.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198038945572/	This game is just what you need if you like mining, spiders and flamethrowers.It`s worth the 20 bucks.
Stone Cold Steve Autism	Recommended	17.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/I_Hate_Weeaboos/	Combat like Left 4 Dead, beautiful enviroments and sastifying mining. A definite reccomendation from me 
Lepster	Recommended	165.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198009095340/	Awesome game! If Astroneer, Minecraft and Left for Dead had a baby it would be Deep Rock Galactic!
JJ	Recommended	13.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198032901340/	Games pretty solid so far, has some pretty fun gameplay and its very fun with friends. The game does get a bit repetitive, which is why I think they need to add more end game, such as; more customisation options, maybe some form of skill tree or something like that would be great, and even more emotes like the salute would be cool.
Splatter	Recommended	14.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198055128575/	Rock and Stone Brother!Great fun and great concept.Equipment system needs a rework etc etc etc.  but compared to a lot of other EA games this one is miles ahead.The exception being: Devs - please stop the bugs clipping through the metal platform!
Scout	Recommended	48.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/urbanrecon/	I love this game.Deep Rock Galactic is my favorite 4 player Co-op game since left for dead. To put it simple, -you fight off swarms of varying aliens with your buds or by yourself (you get a robot to help you if single player)- 4 classes: Gunner, Driller, Scout, and Engineer. Each class has a unique build!-You can upgrade weapon and armor stats, along with new beards and armor as cosmetics! (Earned by ingame currency and resources)-There are many different resources you can mine! Some are currency, while other resources can be used for stat upgrades- There are different gamemodes to choose from! Point extraction, Mining Expedition, Elimination, etc-The characters have some pretty funny interactions and voice linesGhost Ship Games, the developer, releases updates for this game frequently! Don't be afraid of the dreaded "Early Access Game"!!Give this game a try! 
-Snake [DREV]	Recommended	22.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Snake2312/	Get this game, you will not regret it. Best co-op experience I've had since L4D1/Halo/Borderlands/. Teamwork is essential, and working your way through the caves while finding loot and killing baddies is incredibly fulfilling. One of the most polished early-access games I've seen. Even with what small part of the game is out now, it's worth the money. Can't wait to see what this Developer has to offer going forward. Rock and stone to the bone!
GoldMath	Recommended	229.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/GoldMath/	I been looking for a coop game with random procedural maps since ages. I was so tired of the other coop games, always the same maps over and over with no replayability. Deep Rock Galactic really bring this quest to life. And it's in Space-Age with Dwarfs, Monsters & Guns!Each missions are always an adventure with complexities and mystery, it's always fresh to take a mission. The classes work well together, various biomes and game modes for variety.The game is already fun to play in Early Access and there is a lot more to come, exciting!The Devs are really close to the players and bring a lot of fixes and requests into the game.
staleFISH	Recommended	172.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/stalefish/	Fantastic coop-game
Machkezhno	Recommended	30.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198045174287/	I rarely write reviews, a game has to either be an absolute gem or a complete disaster for me to take the time to write one,  in this case I am pleased to say this is an absolute gem no question about it.Visuals 9/10 - Graphically it has its own charm which remains consistent and lends to the immersion just wish the ability to see your teams health bars were a permanent fixture on the hud as well as making it easier to find your teammates when you get turned around or seperated.Sound 9/10 - The music and sound effects are spot on and really seem to kick into high gear when things get intense, the only reason its a 9/10 for me is ive encountered a bug on two occasions where recieving an audio notification on discord disabled the sound for the game until I relaunch it. Gameplay 10/10 - This game is really addicting, missions last usually between 25-60 minutes sometimes longer and its just a really fleshed out cooperative experience, I havent tried to play solo so this is purely from a duo-4player coop perspectiveReplay Value 9/10 - I just keep coming back for more, the upgrade system is robust enough to proivde imho 20-30 hours of play per class if you include cosmetic upgrades, it has enough variety within the procedural world they have created to keep it interesting though they could use to add more enemy types and color variations and biomes etc... but it is great for early access based on  what they already have on the table.Value 12/10 - Best 24$ ive spent this year seriously ive spent way more for way less.Overall 9/10 - I just cant recomend this game enough if you have friends, but I went in with just one buddy and found new friends easily enough on the official discord which has a direct link on the games main launch page.Thanks for the pixels,Machkezhno
Boss Kemp	Recommended	32.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/BossKemp/	A unique game thats in great shape for early access. A few annoying bugs here and there. Only ever experienced one crash.Already contains a good variation in game modes. The procedurally generated cave systems are made to come across as different experiences each time.Really looking forward to whatever they have to bring in the future.Game just needs more of everything (Y).
Lord Maelstrom	Recommended	5.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Lord_Maelstrom/	Dwarves digging holes and shooting insects. What more do you want? Graphics are great and overall quality of the game is wonderful. With the right type of player and party, the hours of entertainment it'll provide are unlimited. The controls are pretty easy to understand, but slightly difficult to get a hang of. The guys at ghost ship games have gone leaps and bounds over the set bar for a developing company's first game. I will 100% reccomend it to everyone I know.I am a dwarf and i'm digging a hole, diggy diggy hole, diggy diggy hole. Killing insects and digging a hole, diggy diggy hole, digging a hole.
Sir_Buh_La_K	Recommended	4.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198228307532/	EPIC! I love being a dwarf and I love mining and I love Sci-Fi. This has all 3 of those in one awesome game! Now I just need some friends to play with...
Krillin It	Recommended	2.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198041349539/	Only have about two hours in and three missions under my belt, but this game is awesome! Gunplay feels solid, classes all work well with each other and so far the community is very friendly and helpful. My only issue so far is that the character progression feels a bit lacking, but it's still an early access title so that could very well change.8/10 will play again and again.
John the Useful	Recommended	55.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ilikehotpockets/	Please join in our efforts to raise enough funds to refurbish our ancestral home of Moria which was ravaged by the Balrog.
potikoutlaw	Recommended	15.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198014636228/	Fresh new sytle of co-op with very few bugs well for me any how since I don't run a pc from Walmart ! This game can be very hard and is a lot of fun with a group that understands how to play and what class to use ! I only feel it lacks content at the moment but then again if they keep adding more things into it this game will keep getting better and better ! I would only buy if you want to support them at the moment and hope they keep adding more for co-op! BTW I hear single player is not very good just co-op ! watch out for that . try it for free in windows store ! here is the link https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/store/p/deep-rock-galactic-game-preview/9nhfvwx1v7qj?rtc=1 
Spy_hunter86	Recommended	71.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197969620546/	I love this game! I logged 20+ hrs in the alpha/beta. Excited to see the game develope and thrive through/post Early Access.  The art direction and feel of the game is simple and gorgeous at the same time. I really enjoy the banter and characters of the dwarves so far. This game is heaping with potential and I can't wait to see what it becomes. As long as they continue as they have so far this will be a great game.It's really a shame about the way people try and review tank games, especially when they're of this quality. The network issues cleared up in no time and the game overall has been worked on quite thoroughly for Early Access so bugs and kinks aren't really prevelant. There is a ways to go in terms of completion, but for what is available can certainly keep you busy for hours. This game is great for teamplay and awesome with friends!
Rewdalf	Recommended	159.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Rewdalf/	Four player co-op perfection.Insanely fun, procedurally generated and beautiful caves in a range of biomes.Various different crafting ores, mission rewards, mutators, upgrades, cosmetics...Four unique classes with different weapons, support abilities, and ways of mobility.And a flashy roadmap to boot, with monthly updates and additions.Doesn't even remotely feel like early access.Don't just buy it once. Buy two, and give it to your friends.
Shisutoka	Recommended	24.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/shisutoka/	The first Early Access game i played which is actually  more then just playable its enjoyable for many hours and im looking forward to see how its gonna be in the upcoming time.Dwarfs 10/10Mining 10/10M.U.L.E8/10because sometimes hes a♥♥♥♥♥♥and climbs to the top of the cave after you called him to deposit youre minerals but hes also adorable so i rate him 10/10 to and did i mention there are Dwarfs and its co-op?in total i r8 20/10 would buy again
shadowghost	Recommended	37.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198069559394/	Gather your craziest friends and get ready to rip and tear while singing diggy diggy hole at all hours. 10/10 all the dwarfs
HYPER ONE	Recommended	31.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/theoriginalhyperone/	Damn, this game is good.The art style is gorgeous to look at, the weapons are fun and creative (my personal favorite being the Platform Gun), and the co-op is fantastic.  The best way I can describe this is Left 4 Dead/Vermintide + Minecraft.  And for early access there's a lot of fun to be had.
R0berion	Recommended	101.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197974620318/	I have had a really good time playing this game.it is simple yet thrilling and fun.grab some friends, quickmatch or play solo it is all good fun.Devs seem on point, released a very early update fixing some issues and adding some vanity items!
Blow your load and hit the Road	Recommended	44.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198117693049/	I personally liked this game a lot. I have been waiting for such kind of game for long; simple,fun to play,co-op with friends, strategic. I hope this game will develope in positive direction and bring to its fans lots of new stuff and a lot of fun.
PooptyPeutyPants	Recommended	7.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198064179009/	This game's awesome. Really well polished for early access.I love how it's a combination of left 4 dead, minecraft and astroneer. You play as a group of 4, with 4 different classes of characters. Each class is fun to play, and the unique abilities really drive home the team working aspect. So far the community seems pretty supportive too.
DwarfLord520	Recommended	86.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198206189349/	So far best game I have played this year,I love the randomly generated caves, in my experience no two caves have been the same. All the enemy's are fun to fight although sometimes the smallest one glitches through the floor so you cant hit it but thats not to common, the classes are all helpful in their own way and even if you don't have a full variety in your team its no big deal because every class has its own way of getting about (although going solo as engineer can be tuff especially if the only way to progress is a deep crevasse). Awsome game can't wait for more updates. (ROCK AND STONE TO THE BONE!!!)
HeWhosKnownAsIAm	Recommended	38.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/hewhosknownasiam/	Super fun co-op game with classes that actually change the way you play the game. The devs seem pretty damn active and the community for the game is not only fantastic but also starting to grow thanks in part to the game's growing popularity on twitch.Think left for dead but objective based in a sandbox level you can play around in. Its really hard to put to words how much fun the base mechanics for this game are.If you buy the game I would highly suggest joining the official discord and using the LFG channel to find a group. The game works fine with randos but really shines when you have several people working together. Matches go faster, you get more loot, and you get more rare materials when everyone doesn't just run off in four different directions. >Edit 5/8/18 - Looks like twitch brought some of the worst of the gaming community to DRG. HIGHLY suggest running with a group of friends or making a group using discord. Until friendly fire is altered or some sort of banning system is put in place its a gamble running with anyone you dont know.
Full of Stars	Recommended	60.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/subsphinx/	Rock and stone TO THE BONE!
Mr.Yoder	Recommended	10.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198006729790/	Tips To Win1. Get shot from space into a planet while inside a death drill.2. Spam "V" to encourage teammates. "NO DWARF LEFT BEHIND!" 3. Gather the minerals then spam "C" to yell at the MULE. 4. Fight bugs with your flame thrower of mass destruction. 5. Call in the shuttle and try to follow the MULE through the resupply drop hole. 6. Panic because there are many bugs and very little time to escape.7. Do your best to ignore the cries of a downed teammate.8. Leave your teammate behind.9. Spam "V" as you leave to honor those that died heroes.10. "ROCK AND STONE TO THE BONE."
Radioactive A51	Recommended	5.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198079888849/	Definitely need friends to play.Definitely a ton of fun!
jabberwok	Recommended	26.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198025724769/	Really fun. Classes are well-balanced, environments are varied, wide range of difficulty. Single player is improved, co-op is obviously better. So far, I haven't had any problems finding games to join, or having people join my game. Other players have all been helpful, and good sports when I do something stupid. There's something comforting about seeing the lights of your fellow miners nearby.I look forward to seeing what they add in the future, but it's totally worth playing during early access.
JockNines	Recommended	80.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jocknines/	I have never pressed the V key so many times in my life.Rock and stone, to the bone.
Hausmeister Hot	Recommended	42.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198133343146/	I can only reccomend this game.The worst thing about it is waiting for new updates, that always create even cooler content.Check it out, its worth.
ModerateMuslim	Recommended	153.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/guzmaishere/	Overall fun experience. 10/10.
=＾●⋏●＾=	Recommended	48.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/tutsuki/	I've really been enjoying this game. It's not too grindy!
Ponderous Poltroon	Recommended	136.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ggf45tnhm65yw/	Quite a lot of fun and very well polished for being in alpha!
Mr.Fraggles	Recommended	21.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/fraggles83/	Great fun, especially with friends!The left 4 dead style combat mixed with the challenges of mining and navigating the caves is really fun.Graphics and lighting are awesome. Runs really well. 
Midatou	Recommended	157.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Midatou/	Really great game, I highly recommend it to those who are tired of non-teamwork oriented games (like major FPS games).This provides all the shooty-shoot you want, but it's all at bugs and not People vs People which can stress PTSD-prone individuals. This game is enjoyable and thrilling, wonderful graphics systems like lighting and very beautiful colors and procedurally generated maps. Great foundation for the developers to continue building and adding onto. This is how games use to be and should be made.
192	Recommended	15.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198010549246/	Early Access Review
KyleBooze	Recommended	174.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kyle_booze/	Mining, Bugs, Guns, Teamwork. What more could you want in a game?
scrubmcnoob	Recommended	19.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/xxhungdaddy69xx/	"It's an ugly planet. A BUG planet! A planet hostile to life-"[Reporter is attacked and maimed by an arachnid]
vLiimes	Recommended	49.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198107578887/	Despite having all the red flags of a mediocre project, early access, indie, etc, this game boasts plenty of fun and has so much potential while still being abundant in content as it is. The transparency of the devs makes it fun to follow along with the coming updates and anticipate the feature that they're adding onto an already fun game. Definitely worth the pricetag if you like PvE Co-Op.
Stone Cold Steve Autism	Recommended	17.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/I_Hate_Weeaboos/	Combat like Left 4 Dead, beautiful enviroments and sastifying mining. A definite reccomendation from me 
Trolltamer	Recommended	119.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198081946930/	one of the best co op games ever 10 out of 10
Velka	Recommended	19.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198009000470/	Really fun, add more content plz.
Scrotamancer	Recommended	94.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/lildudefood/	Early Access Review
rancorjack	Recommended	8.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198120889679/	Its a grand gay time
b_vo	Recommended	95.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/zenlike/	There is no reason you shouldn't stop reading this review and just buy the game. But if you want some reasons, here you go:* Early access but plays like a polished, complete game* Non-stop, frequent updates* Fun gun play and abilities* Proceduraly generated maps don't get repetitive and improve replayability--I'm about 80 hours in and I just saw something today I haven't seen before.* Hilarious and well-done voice acting* Sound track is unbelievable* Dwarves
JJ	Recommended	13.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198032901340/	Games pretty solid so far, has some pretty fun gameplay and its very fun with friends. The game does get a bit repetitive, which is why I think they need to add more end game, such as; more customisation options, maybe some form of skill tree or something like that would be great, and even more emotes like the salute would be cool.
Malevolent	Recommended	20.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/malevolenthf/	Excellent game so far, can't wait for more content.
Greedy_af	Recommended	25.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198119240870/	Really nice co-op game with addictive gameplay and  beautiful caves to explore here's my personnal list of things I'dd like to see added in the future.Classes a trapper class could be added with let's say a crossbow or sniper , with a new pistol and he could have let's say some weird bear traps and as a navigation tool maybe he could have just a rope he could place on ledges or a camp fire he could set up to heal every one a little and a funny animation could be everyboddy dancing and having a beer around the fire. Another great class could be an old-school dwarf with like a hammer and a tromplon that could forge some protection for the team like a metal platform with walls and as for navigation he might have explosives good against walls or torches. Finally a ground breaking class that would ''live of the land'' collecting stuff on fallen enemies to use as weapon like shread their legs to fight and use the special types of spider to make bombs like a poison bomb with the green , a spider web bomb , an acid bomb to break walls etc...More meaningfull things to doThe game , although it's great and fun, feels  a little too grindy at time and even if maps are random and diversed after 10hours I started feeling like I was doing the same stuff over and over again with not much of goal at the end besides grinding for cosmetics. Don't get me wrong  though , every single thing you have here is fun and well done I just think there needs to be more for exemple , single player campain maybe , more guns and gadgets for each class so everyone can feel different as far as gunplay goes even if they're the same class. Aslo the caves are really amaizing and beautifull but at times the lack a bit of life , for exemple my friends and I would really like to see the "sci-fi-dwarf'' theme too be expended upon with things such as ruins of dwarf temples , dwarf skelletons , wreckage of mining equipement , some rare treasures containing either minerals or cometics. Adding more cosmetics could be nice as well and I would just straight up love some camos for my guns and equipements.combatI absolutely love the mobility of the scout , this class was the most challenging for me to master but now that I can just switch to my grappling hook in mid-air and switch back to my gun and destroy monster I love it so much and I think it shows that combat needs diversity and challenge not as in more hp or dmg for the enemies but more use of the player's skills required to take them down as I mentionned with the scout , which could be done by adding new classes or expanding on the ones already there alot.MissionsAdding new objectives would be nice like destroy big enemy nest that's bothering X mining station , mixing up the ones you got could be nice as well like for exemples instead of collecting 10 eggs or 400 morkite it could be nice to make it like collect 5 eggs and 200 morkite , more risk/reward during the actual mission could be achieved by getting random calls from the radio guy to go do some very dangerous random events in room that are closed , for exemple a big boss monster that was in cage but broke free , miners in danger or a room filled with electic crystal and monsters containg an old dwarf ruin with dwarf skelletons and a big reward like an exiting chest containing whathever you decide like minerals , cosmetics , guns etc..New ennemiesthe only really good one I can come up with is a skelleton dwarf wielding a hammer and some with crossbows , they could be either dressed as dead miners , sci-fi dwarf armor looking medieval-ish or just bones but of course let their bear on their skull to embrace the games silly-ness and as well it could be funny to have them drinking beer by a fire until they see you and rally up.Killing them could be funny as well like having them slagging you off as their souls leave their bodyOthersA crossbow or a sniper would make perfect for a hunter class I mentionned , some smg that looks like a futuristic mp5 or more assault rifles like the classic ak but maybe give it a twist in it's look , make it dwarfy and futurustic and goofy. More customization on guns would be just the beast thing , like different skins and attachements. And for customizing your dwarf and thing the way to go is to let the player choose between looking more badass and serious for your more classic type of player with like more armored looking gear or even military looking gear and for your more light hearted type of player that just wants to floss and drink bear I thing some goofy looking gear could be perfect with thing like themed gear a bit like they do over at fortnite:BR like referencing popular culture like movies , like for exemple a chuck norris looking set , a robo-cob one one that looks like buzz-lightning or whathever the name of the green guy in toy story of course you probably can't straight up copy them because of copyright but I don't know make them look just enough similar so they just remind the players pf the caracters but with a sci-fi dwarf twist so you don't get sued of pixar and stuff.Emotes referencing popular culture would be perfect as well and very funny ! Step up the meme game and people of the internet will notice the game more and more ! 
Ub3rH4L0	Recommended	202.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197992603159/	Early Access Review
Empanada339 (TB)	Recommended	61.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/supergraham339/	I will recount my first couple hours in game.1. Spawn in tutorial mission.2. Press F to throw flare, be amazed at ability to throw flare for some reason.3. Wander around smashing rocks and pumping aliens full of lead.4. Extract.5. Wait for friend to finish downloading game.6. While waiting, kick barrels into launch bay and get yelled at by your boss.7. Continue your mischievous streak and knock all barrels into launch bay.8. Repeat #69. Launch mission with friend and commence crazy dwarf space fun.10. Repeat #3 but this time with friends. I've been disappointed time and time again by Early Access games, but Deep Rock Gaming seems to be a pretty complete game compared to most of Early Access. With that being said-- I believe there is still alot of growth to be had, but the fundamental gameplay is there, and it's so fun!A dwarf in space smashing Alien skulls while collecting enough minerals to woo the dwarf lady of your dreams while sucking so much time away from your real life you'll let down everyone you know and love if you haven't done so already!10/10 would kick barrels into launch bay again.
Splatter	Recommended	14.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198055128575/	Rock and Stone Brother!Great fun and great concept.Equipment system needs a rework etc etc etc.  but compared to a lot of other EA games this one is miles ahead.The exception being: Devs - please stop the bugs clipping through the metal platform!
alonestargazer-	Recommended	39.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/alonestargazer909/	Best early access game made, this is what a early access game should be.
CYBER-SHIN0BI	Recommended	26.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198000516257/	Great game,nice art style and fun gameplay.
HomeDisruptor	Recommended	29.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197977187908/	Amazing co-op game. If you have friends, just buy it.
Demonic 🅳🅶🅳	Recommended	29.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/DemonicWinna/	OMFG this game is everything I've been waiting for, I can't wait to see what the devs add to it!
MeanMachine	Recommended	20.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198062806174/	Best co-op game I have played since Left 4 Dead 1 and 2. Keep it up devs, FOR CARL!
charley46	Recommended	24.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198004460385/	It's like all the best dungeon-exploring aspects of minecraft, with solid gunplay and a sexy lighting engine in an arcade-style game.
Jimbo	Recommended	70.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/unclejimbo/	this game is fantastic and has a good amount of replayability and it's not even in full release yet. i'd say buy it now or at the earliest sale. it can only go up from here, the devs seem pretty competent. best part is they're making the game harder each patch instead of easier lol
SugarPapito	Recommended	35.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SugarPapito/	I   L O V E   I T If you like diving deep into dark and mysterious mines to carve yourself a path through different beautiful and dangerous biomes with seemingly endless randomized designs, while raining bullets on alien arachnids as you mine for gold and luxuries with your friends.T H E N   L O O K   N O   F U R T H E R Join the Deep Rock Corporation Now Dwarf!                      ROCK                        AND                      STONE                       BABY!
VUPLE	Recommended	6.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/VUPLE/	The game is really good, I love the art style and the gameplay.The game is still fun in singleplayer and even more when you play with other people.I would recommend this game even though it's Early Access.
:aproxy	Recommended	42.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/brainproxy/	Looking for a complete game that is feature complete and free of the worst bugs? Then buy this later!Looking to support a game studio with a fresh take on co-op with a mix of Vermintide and Minecraft that is entertaining now and might be super great later? Then buy this now!I can see a lot of potential here and its good fun with friends.  Don't expect a completed upgrade tree and vanity items store. Check the Experimental branch.  If they add even a smidge of crafting to this game, it'll be a Space Dwarf's dream.
abreCat	Recommended	260.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/abreCat/	The game is a mix between the coop in Left 4 Dead and looting in procedural generated worlds visually similar to No Mans Sky.   - But here collecting loot is actually fun and is well executed.  Game runs quite stable, I had no crash so far. I encountered twice a glitch where players got stuck in the dropship and could not move but after 23 hours playtime that's it. Enemies & worlds need more diversity but even in the early access state this is the only thing I can really complain about.
Warfinn	Recommended	122.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/warfinn/	The most fun I've had with video games in a very long time. It's Early Access done right.
Back to the Kitchens	Recommended	13.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/floweenka/	Early Access Review
AЯMAИ XIII	Recommended	278.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/arman1304/	Good game. Interesting mechanics. Adorable low-poly graphics!
Burnsy042	Recommended	51.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198331165466/	Super fun game! I recomend playing online though. Solo is fun but, with others it's great fun.
Beatstorm	Recommended	73.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Beatstorm/	Being built in UE4, the game has great optimization and is very stable. Foundational gameplay aspects are solid, the procedural engine is tuned well and the bugs are countable on one hand and even then they get squashed as quickly as they appear. Fun factor scales exponentially with how many friends you bring and the game gets a major update around once a month. If you enjoy games in the vein of Verminitide and Left 4 Dead you will enjoy this one too.Can't wait to see what GSG has in store for the future.The only improvements of current systems I would like to see would be a much deeper perk and upgrade system.
Armani	Recommended	56.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/armani8/	Before the patch, you could shoot your friends in the head with a flaregun to make them portable flashlights. It was the most use I got out of my friends , since whenever they weren't being flashlights they were digging holes  straight down and using the engineers platform making ability to hide from the enemy underground. And they call themselves Dwarves. Balin would be ashamed.
P5 Err0rC0deX	Recommended	48.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Err0rC0deX/	Nice Game
XerXes_AE	Recommended	15.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198142491109/	Though I haven't been playing the game for an exceptionally long amount of time, the time I have played, is some of the most fun that I have had in a while. Both solo and co-op are a blast. With various mission types on each planet there is always something to do. With 4 different class options to choose from there is always a different playstyle to try out as well. While there is oodles of fun to be had playing solo, I beleive the game REALLY shines when you drop into a mission with fellow dwarves. Whether they are your friends or random strangers the hilarity and fun that ensues is something to behold. With each class having unique abilities, having one of each on a mining expedition allows for some extremely creative and entertaining interactions. Without spoiling any of the fun, everyone should give each class a try and see how they work with the other classes.PROS:Visuals are gorgeousGunplay is both smooth and naturalCo-op is some of the best i've experiencedExploration (who doesn't like it)Personalization options for charactersLevel design is outstandingCONS: (very few imo)At the moment only 4 classes (may change in the future)Not enough time to play (personal problem :b)Overall, I highly reccomend this game. Especially if you're looking for a game to play with friends. It can be both relaxing/fun, and hectic/chaotic (in a good way). Definitely give it a try!
Wanna Sprite Cranberry?	Recommended	122.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198198047631/	HELP, I CAN'T FEEL MY BEARD. XD this is the best line ever when you're downed in the game. In all honesty if you like playing games that focus on teamwork, you will love this game. I will say it will be kinda a pain to mine minerals, but I think that's a fun thing to do when you're playing the game.. mining! I'm happy to so more new players coming to play this game, it's a very original idea and a highly underrated game. It's has some inconvenient bugs.. but it's still in development so you'll have to bear that in mind, but really you'll find the game to be more about playing the game rather than dealing with bugs.
AЯMAИ XIII	Recommended	278.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/arman1304/	Good game. Interesting mechanics. Adorable low-poly graphics!
Magmaw	Recommended	12.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/magmaw/	Good.
Pankacz	Recommended	155.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198048200800/	Fantastic EA, I hope devs continue to work on this. This game trully can be one of those games you play for 100s of hours.
Not My FCC	Recommended	35.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Tabesh/	I am instantly impressed by the polish and quality that has gone into what's been made so far.  This is fantastic for two years of development, the gameplay loop is fun, the theme is good, and the game systems should easily be extendable into more and more cavernous goodness.If you have friends, buy this game.If you enjoy meeting up with random people to shoot bugs and dig things, buy this game.If you don't like having fun with other people, don't.
Ayo Its Tracer	Recommended	17.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198119036611/	I liked this game so much I gave the devs an extra 15 dollars for gold armor. If that doesn't attest to the quality of this game I don't know what will.
Rattletrap	Recommended	40.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/roboscorpions/	ROCK N' STONE!Easily the best co-op game I've ever played.It's about space dwarves that go killing things in deep caves and mining. Lots of hearty dwarven banter is present throughout.Don't get put off by the fact that its yet another game with mining, this game has done mining in the most entertaining way possible, definitely haven't enjoyed myself this much while mining in any other game. There's a bunch of different enemy types that will keep you on your feet. There's multiple regions, each with region-specific hazards like lava, toxic plants, shock crystals, sandstorms, and much more.Each class has completely different weapons, and there are many diferent gamemodes. There are gear upgrades and cosmetics that you purchase with the minerals you mine in game. There are also perks that you get for completing milestones.Oh and the main menu is the ship that you get deployed from, you can walk around in it, dance, drink, play kick the barrel, upgrade your gear, and select your mission. There's now even a bar where you can have your robot friend serve you drinks that give buffs. You get as many drinks as you have players, so you can literally buy your friends a round in game! Pretty amazing already, and that's just the main menu! Can't recommend this game enough.Definitely highly enjoyable already and it'll only get better. Solo mode is fun as well if you don't want to play with people, and you get a cute robot to help. Co-op mode is where the game really shines though, and there's tools in place like the ping tool to help you play with complete strangers efficiently.
Warfinn	Recommended	122.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/warfinn/	The most fun I've had with video games in a very long time. It's Early Access done right.
Back to the Kitchens	Recommended	13.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/floweenka/	Early Access Review
Ser Blue Phthirus of Pubis	Recommended	97.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/analkindofguy/	This is honestly one of my most favorite casual games to play.  It's a low intensity game filled with many things to do, and the best part is, you can play this with friends.
[CCC]Ralius	Recommended	25.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/R34SkylineRules/	ROCK AND STONE, BROTHA!
=420th=SemperFi	Recommended	207.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/semperfi420th/	Four player co-op. Procedurally generated maps. Fully destructive environments. Dwarfs. Beer. Absolute mayhem.Addiction rating: 8/10.  Be warned.
ThereArtWings	Recommended	34.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Adamo265/	You can go to work drunk. 10 / 10.
Grunt	Recommended	32.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197971977596/	Simple, but addictive - and loads of fun.
stephenbalais	Recommended	32.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198092760995/	10/10
Skulduggery3455	Recommended	2.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/skulduggery3455/	So far I am enjoying the game very much. For being in alpha it is great. I cannot wait to see what it becomes as development continues!
Rattletrap	Recommended	40.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/roboscorpions/	ROCK N' STONE!Easily the best co-op game I've ever played.It's about space dwarves that go killing things in deep caves and mining. Lots of hearty dwarven banter is present throughout.Don't get put off by the fact that its yet another game with mining, this game has done mining in the most entertaining way possible, definitely haven't enjoyed myself this much while mining in any other game. There's a bunch of different enemy types that will keep you on your feet. There's multiple regions, each with region-specific hazards like lava, toxic plants, shock crystals, sandstorms, and much more.Each class has completely different weapons, and there are many diferent gamemodes. There are gear upgrades and cosmetics that you purchase with the minerals you mine in game. There are also perks that you get for completing milestones.Oh and the main menu is the ship that you get deployed from, you can walk around in it, dance, drink, play kick the barrel, upgrade your gear, and select your mission. There's now even a bar where you can have your robot friend serve you drinks that give buffs. You get as many drinks as you have players, so you can literally buy your friends a round in game! Pretty amazing already, and that's just the main menu! Can't recommend this game enough.Definitely highly enjoyable already and it'll only get better. Solo mode is fun as well if you don't want to play with people, and you get a cute robot to help. Co-op mode is where the game really shines though, and there's tools in place like the ping tool to help you play with complete strangers efficiently.
[CCC]Ralius	Recommended	25.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/R34SkylineRules/	ROCK AND STONE, BROTHA!
Ser Blue Phthirus of Pubis	Recommended	97.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/analkindofguy/	This is honestly one of my most favorite casual games to play.  It's a low intensity game filled with many things to do, and the best part is, you can play this with friends.
=420th=SemperFi	Recommended	207.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/semperfi420th/	Four player co-op. Procedurally generated maps. Fully destructive environments. Dwarfs. Beer. Absolute mayhem.Addiction rating: 8/10.  Be warned.
ThereArtWings	Recommended	34.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Adamo265/	You can go to work drunk. 10 / 10.
stephenbalais	Recommended	32.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198092760995/	10/10
spennyS	Recommended	28.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/bbsnipeshow/	Awesome game, endless fun with friends.
LordWombat748	Recommended	46.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198042182376/	Great co-op gameplay. Perfect for those rare times when you can wrangle three of your friends together for some game time.
MadMeatBallMan	Recommended	21.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198078536910/	LOve the art style amazing Gun play "Rock and Stone Brothers!"
Kopodomoron	Recommended	62.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Kopodomoron/	Fantactic and fun cooperative multiplayer game. Each mission type and biom has a different feel and even just dancing, drinking and waving the beards around is fun. Solo missions are also great, but with friends it's always better.
The Benzinz	Recommended	63.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Benzinz/	Im kinda i lovethis game was so much more than i expectedfor an erly access game at this price i would say go for itim hoping for more great updates in the future  
Papa Sasquatch	Recommended	22.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198113432266/	- Me like -+Much rock, me like rock!+Shiny rock even better rock!+Turn shiny rock into shoota thingy!+A lot of Dakka!+Purging xenos!+Kicking Barrels around is very satisfying!- Me not like --Beer is not free.-Half of my gameplay hours are drinking beer for no reason because the game freezes for me every 5 seconds. You see, my computer is made by my ancestors and it is made from rock, pure stalinium and wood and it is powered by 5 potatoes.-Papa Sasquatch is not pleased with the ammount of beard choices.-Papa Sasquatch is also not pleased by the fact that mission control yells at me for wasting my credits on beer and kicking barrels into the launch thrusters.
LoneSoldier™	Recommended	101.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198016600840/	Well what can I say about this game other than its excellent! This game is a real blast! Its fun to play & progress, the players that you play with are generally ace & whats even better is that the game is focused around achieving your goals as a team & helping each other, incorporating the working as a team element.The game doesnt take up to much storage on your hard drive & is not too demanding on your machine which means pretty much anyone can play. I havent seen any server issues or lag ingame either.The devs also seem to care about this game & are behind updating & improving it.Theres neat little touches in the game that will make u laugh especiially the parts where you are not on a mission & are at base where you can get drunk at the bar whilst dancing the floss in front of the jukebox. The dwarves have a personality too & through in amusing comments throughout the game.I dont normally right a review unless the game is really worth it & for a game under £20 this one definetely is!
Grunt	Recommended	32.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197971977596/	Simple, but addictive - and loads of fun.
Painguin31337	Recommended	61.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/painguin31337/	I couldn't recommend this game enough. This is a game I enjoy way more than I thought I would.It may be in early access, but it has a lot to offer just in its alpha state. Cooperation is essential, but not complicated. I enjoy playing all the classes. (Which is extremely rare for me) Graphics are stylistic and cartoony, but not lazy. The game strikes the perfect balance of combat and exploration. The devs update the game consistantly and listen to community feedback. (So far) Speaking of the community, it's one of the best I've played with. People are friendly and help each other out (Leave no dwarf behind!) I can party up with randoms and have a great time almost every time.
OzziBoi	Recommended	35.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/OzziBoi/	Rock and Stone!
Haywood Jablowme	Recommended	31.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Duck_Without_Wings/	Rock and Stone!If you have 3 buddies get this game and dig bugs and kill minerals.... or whatever.
ZEROIGN	Recommended	3.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198085310349/	ROCK AND STONE!
:aproxy	Recommended	42.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/brainproxy/	Looking for a complete game that is feature complete and free of the worst bugs? Then buy this later!Looking to support a game studio with a fresh take on co-op with a mix of Vermintide and Minecraft that is entertaining now and might be super great later? Then buy this now!I can see a lot of potential here and its good fun with friends.  Don't expect a completed upgrade tree and vanity items store. Check the Experimental branch.  If they add even a smidge of crafting to this game, it'll be a Space Dwarf's dream.
VUPLE	Recommended	6.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/VUPLE/	The game is really good, I love the art style and the gameplay.The game is still fun in singleplayer and even more when you play with other people.I would recommend this game even though it's Early Access.
Rorschach	Recommended	23.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198009515742/	This is probably the best development team i have ever seen as far a communication goes. i am extreamly happy to have purchased the supporter package. This team will continue to have my full support as the game grows better and better. I look forward to the coninued progress and when this game is finaly complete the next game because i will be buying it no matter what the next game is.
:aproxy	Recommended	42.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/brainproxy/	Looking for a complete game that is feature complete and free of the worst bugs? Then buy this later!Looking to support a game studio with a fresh take on co-op with a mix of Vermintide and Minecraft that is entertaining now and might be super great later? Then buy this now!I can see a lot of potential here and its good fun with friends.  Don't expect a completed upgrade tree and vanity items store. Check the Experimental branch.  If they add even a smidge of crafting to this game, it'll be a Space Dwarf's dream.
ZEROIGN	Recommended	3.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198085310349/	ROCK AND STONE!
abreCat	Recommended	260.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/abreCat/	The game is a mix between the coop in Left 4 Dead and looting in procedural generated worlds visually similar to No Mans Sky.   - But here collecting loot is actually fun and is well executed.  Game runs quite stable, I had no crash so far. I encountered twice a glitch where players got stuck in the dropship and could not move but after 23 hours playtime that's it. Enemies & worlds need more diversity but even in the early access state this is the only thing I can really complain about.
Jimbo	Recommended	70.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/unclejimbo/	this game is fantastic and has a good amount of replayability and it's not even in full release yet. i'd say buy it now or at the earliest sale. it can only go up from here, the devs seem pretty competent. best part is they're making the game harder each patch instead of easier lol
Headshot_Phd	Recommended	40.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198140084896/	It's like four Sigourney Weavers were turned into space dwarves that mine rare minerals for a living. 10/10 would get kicked for telling the Scout he has a flare gun again.
AtomicBlumpkin	Recommended	80.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/special_ed/	Very fun and addicting game! Great solo or with team mates!
[JIGL] Gen. Girk	Recommended	53.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198005686054/	Day 1: You grab four of your friends tell them we're going on an adventure - alien bugs swarm the drop zone you're fighting for your life. You find the minerals Corperate wants, you drag your dead friends with you on the ship you came in with only to grind out a little profit for yourself. At the end of the day you have a new hat that you earned with sheer grit and determination finally after some R&R you walk over to the Work Terminal and press the mission accept button. Day 2: The Search for more minerals...
SirFallsDownALot	Recommended	39.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/truegerich/	Just when I thought the Scout was the funnest class, I tried the engineer... This game is fantastic. Grab a few friends and start digging. You will not regret it. Early access the fun way.
charley46	Recommended	24.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198004460385/	It's like all the best dungeon-exploring aspects of minecraft, with solid gunplay and a sexy lighting engine in an arcade-style game.
Chadorama	Recommended	8.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198050304013/	Press V to salute
Jimbo	Recommended	70.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/unclejimbo/	this game is fantastic and has a good amount of replayability and it's not even in full release yet. i'd say buy it now or at the earliest sale. it can only go up from here, the devs seem pretty competent. best part is they're making the game harder each patch instead of easier lol
Polkarou	Recommended	4.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198146243079/	Eh its ok. If minecraft had sex with left for dead and the baby looked like gang beasts. The upgrade class system seems cool but the thing to note is its mission based. Its just lobby after lobby of people waiting to fill ques for a needed class. Wish there was more depth as to suport players and mains but for the pricetag what can i expect.
Nocturne XIII	Recommended	5.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/nocturnexiii/	to ALL toads looking through the reviews, you only need to know one thing: updates are frequent
Bob Stuntsville	Recommended	13.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/BobStuntsville/	Hella good game. super fun and good. i think it shoul be worth a little less though
Ignitehawk	Recommended	27.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Ignitehawk/	While it's not quite complete yet, I've had a lot of fun playing Deep Rock, and I definitely think it's worth the asking price at this point. The exploration of procedurally-generated levels adds a layer of depth (ha) to the old formula of "Do a thing while fighting off hordes of enemies," and it's the main reason I'm enjoying the game. Deep Rock is the kind of game where I'll walk into a massive cave and every time, without fail, find myself marveling at the vastness, the darkness, and the unique natural structures.The cave variety is really not to be underestimated, and Deep Rock's developers clearly understand the importance of contrast in a game like this: the relief of light after wandering through darkness, the fast-paced firefight after several minutes of silence, the open rooms with high ceilings after several claustrophobic hallways. It's not something you'd notice while playing, but this kind of continuous contrast keeps the game fresh far longer than boatloads of content could.That said, I definitely want more content. Every class has 4 unique weapons/tools, a grenade, and armor to upgrade, and that's basically it. Beyond that, there's a fair number of cosmetic options and customizable perks that give nice little bonuses to things like movement speed, revive speed, loot inventory, etc. This is a good start, but I would like to see some variety in terms of class upgrades; as it stands, every player running a maxed-out Gunner is going to play and function largely the same way.UPDATE: Since writing this review, Deep Rock Galactic has undergone a number of considerable and regular updates including new biomes, new creatures, new mechanics, and a lot of polish. The developers show no signs of stopping until the game is completely fleshed out, and it's already in a really good place. Get hype for the weaponry update, which is likely to alleviate the class sameness I previously mentioned.
SirFallsDownALot	Recommended	39.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/truegerich/	Just when I thought the Scout was the funnest class, I tried the engineer... This game is fantastic. Grab a few friends and start digging. You will not regret it. Early access the fun way.
Kiku	Recommended	17.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198008540083/	Amazing polish for an early access title. Theres so much you could do with missions like free roam etc.Keep the content coming and this is GOTY material.
Smoketurt	Recommended	25.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197995493411/	Deep Rock Galactic is a great example of early access done right. The game is sort of a combonation of the exploring sections of minecraft and the wave shooter bits of Left 4 Dead. With a character system that reminds me and many others of Team Fortress 2. Overall Deep Rock Galactic from a distance may look like another ♥♥♥♥♥♥ early a ccess game. But when playing it you will find that it is a diamond in the rough compared to most other Early Access games. The developers are also really good at their job. Staying in touch with players instead of dissapearing a year into development.
Space Beef	Recommended	103.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198009053213/	ROCK AND STONE TO THE BONE
Mr. Muddy Pig	Recommended	18.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198339883064/	It's weird because I think it works like a puzzle. As a driller, you wonder, what is the fastest way to get up there?As a scout, you say how do I make sure I use my grapple hook to get there without getting fall damage? An engineer can place a platform there.As a gunner, you think how can I kill the most possible bugs?Basically, this is a game that requires teamwork. But you don't even need friends to really play this game. It hooks you up with other people.There's a chat, a mic(you can mute) but there's also a ctrl pointer which you use to point out anything. My favorite mission has to be the mini mule one, it's basically defending a checkpoint.No game is perfect. The only bad thing about this game is the lag. I also don't like how I sometimes get kicked right when I join. There's also bugs but none of them have really affected gameplay. I keep forgetting it's an early access game.Go get it. 25 bucks is a bit too much thou so I recommend waiting for a sale(like I did.)
RoMaNSvK	Recommended	23.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198146359255/	Die worthless crystal !Dont step in the maggot.
TittySprinkles	Recommended	34.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ablackfish/	For those of you, like myself, who grew up on co-op focused games like Left4Dead, this is an absolute gem of a game. In a nutshell you are a drunken, special forces dwarf - tossing back endless Red Rock stouts, and driving toward unlocking the option to have a purple handle bar mustache, and a bulbous beard so that you can more enjoyably mine endless gold!Overall this game is a mix of L4D, and Minecraft with some awesome co-op gameplay that is severly missing in 2018.Rock and Stone - to the Bone, and Leave No Dwarf Behind!
The Honey Badger	Recommended	58.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/BronzeFist/	This is a great buy right now -- there is already plenty of game, and the developers have a roadmap and are steadily rolling out updates.Essentially you'll be exploring procedurally generated caves hunting for precious minerals, assisting your team mates with your characters special abilities, and helping each other through a series of tunnels and caverns, whilst itermittantly fighting off waves of creepy crawlies and monsters. That's just one of the game modes - there are several more once you progress. The gunplay and explosives are fun, and the humour of the developers seeps through the ingame dialogue.If you survive a mission you can use your reward to upgrade your gear, or perhaps sport a new beard! If you dont survive the game is very forgiving, you just get a tiny fraction of what you deposited.This is great game to chillout with friends, or make new ones. I love it!
Tracer	Recommended	10.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198089380595/	Very fun game. Rock and Stone brøther.-Tracer
sekritbros	Recommended	88.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198048622575/	everything you could ever want from a game about dwarfs fighting aliens in an 80s atmosphere
Gangster Octopus (Ripper)	Recommended	55.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ripperhugme/	Very promising early access game that gets better and better with every new update. Strongly recommend that you play with friends.Pros:- Fun combat and the four classes feel varied - Great visuals and unique biomes with their own styles and atmospheres- Good selection of modes and mutators- Dynamic soundtrack, while not very "Dwarvey", fits well for both the quiet and the very loud moments in the gameCons:- It could do with a few more enemy variants- The voices can get a bit annoying and some more lines from the characters wouldn't go amiss
Sasechi	Recommended	98.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/sasechi/	Addictive!
#Rogue. 🐧	Recommended	26.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/rogue_wulf/	makes me rock hard
Bacon	Recommended	7.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198332963997/	This is an amazing game the levels are always challenging you and the complexity of the levels is just amazing, even playing alone this game is a blast. This is a must buy
Ethan	Recommended	75.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/StanLee4Ever/	Words don't don't describe how good this game is. Plus very smart ways to save fps used in this game
lorkorochan	Recommended	25.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/lukesolomonwalker/	Will recommend to my friends; co-op will be a blast. Great concept, gameplay is great. Can't wait to see what this game has to offer when it's finished with its early access stage.
Angrypup1	Recommended	36.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198380895340/	It's a grindy game but not to grindy, where just stop playing. It ends up becoming an addiction.
Kibbles	Recommended	82.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197965986001/	Great game. Excellent fun for co-op. Dwarfin' and shootin'. A fine addition to my list of co-op / lan gaming. Recommend, even at full price!
Roriah	Recommended	13.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198041467718/	Starship Troopers + Dwarfs + Epic Co-Op Survival. Spent 30 minutes digging away with a friend to survive a massive onslaught of murderous bugs and aliens. 10/10 would be stranded in a cave again. Awesome graphics, beautiful environents, and detailed enemies. Best coop since Left for Dead.
jack.dumfries	Recommended	8.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198088537034/	Great game!Original idea mixed with an old horde style battle system.Difficulty curve could be refined but its still in early access so fingers crossed for an update.Would love to see a character or two added and some greater variety of cosmetics but whats already there is a solid base-line.Highly recomend!
DoctorGreen	Recommended	127.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198815646399/	I havent looked forward to a games development as much as I do for this game.
adamluberda123	Recommended	8.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198796150996/	it is so fun that i want to play for hours
Joey	Recommended	85.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/veryafraid/	Early Access Review
Aspect of Sloth	Recommended	54.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198008687041/	Great game, regulary updated with new content. Promotes playing as a team.
L41M15	Recommended	37.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/L41M15/	Awesome and fun co-op game to play with friends, definitely a discovery of the year!  Rock and Stone, To The Bone!   [Nominated for The “Game of the Year” and The “Best Developer” Awards in Steam. Totally worth it.]
-VG- Kiminaze	Recommended	35.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kiminaze/	This game is one of the really good examples, why Early Access can be a good thing for games.Back when this game came out, it already was one of the most stable games compared to any other "Early Access" or "Beta" or anything similar.... Hell... this game is more polished than most released titles.tl'dr: Really good 4 player co-op game for everyone that likes his friends dangling from a cave-leech!
Le Kat | 4tuna~	Recommended	27.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Le_Kat/	Rock and stone!
Orbital Fun	Recommended	12.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197963242288/	L4D in dwarf-space.
Wafen-SS.Mike	Recommended	15.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mireBRE/	Woooooooow , brutally good and fun coop shooter boiiiiiiis
KovineSkumbre	Recommended	65.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ayylmao696969/	It's like Left 4 Dead 2 meets Minecraft and it's actually great.Fantastic game, the game is fun and polished in it's current state, the devs are active and transparent, and the updates add a lot of content and happen pretty often.Definitely get this game if you enjoy Co-Op games, 100% worth it.
Mr Sheepie	Recommended	17.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/26459/	Its really fun. Game is still being updated, and theres lots of progression.
Kodiak	Recommended	42.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198070684007/	So yer wanna kno' how it is to be workin' for Deep Rock Galactic?The shifts 'r tirin' and long..The job's hoard as hell..The pay's horrible..I wonder if fitin' bugs n' movin' dirt is a good way to make a livin'... but I'm havin' the best time in ma life by now...
KingRedfox	Recommended	19.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198274588121/	Fun. Needs more reward based content.
Dr. Octagon	Recommended	7.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/redpyramid456/	You get to mine rock and kill bugs. What more could you ask for?
Wanganator	Recommended	274.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/EW2000/	Most fun one can have with their friends online. Excelent use of lightning, lots of enemy variants, fun biomes, unique weapons and syngerysing classes to play with. A must have for anyone with at least 3 other firends to play with!
SanityFlex	Recommended	5.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SanityFlex/	Really fun game, especially with a group of friends, but also a slightly linear experience, that won't let you dig wherever you want.I really hope the devs focus on making the game fun, instead of grindy and limited to incentivise micro transactions like so many other companies lately.Pros:+ The artstyle is great and immersive.+ Good variety of classes (playstyles, abilities)+ Good shooting mechanics.+ The M.U.L.E. is a hillarious addition the these travels.+ Great alien animations.+ Good voice acting+ Fun tools.+ Wide variety of maps with various hazards.+ Great way to do multiplayer.+ The Flare/Lighting Mechanics+ The "rush the exit" mechanic that really makes you work together to get out fast.+ The random invasions/Swarms.+ Good UI.Cons:- One thing i think is very important to mention, is that this is not an open cave exploration game that you can just dig around in freely. The maps are linear, and offer very few paths to your destination. I personally grabbed the Driller as my first character, cause i thought i could just freely drill for treasure. But all you will drill is a never ending hole that reaches nothing (until you run out of fuel for your drill ofc.)- The drill has ammo (imo it should be infinite, so you can do fun stuff with this feature.)- You can't gather with the drill.- I'm not sure why, but sometimes the M.U.L.E. just won't come to me. The reason seems to be that me and a teammate are too far from eachother, and the M.U.L.E. will walk back to my teammate after getting a certain amount of meters away from him/her.
Kato	Recommended	16.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/YoYaFoolYaFool/	I think this is a amazing shooting, exploring, grinding game full of laughs and screams. It is very possible to have jump scares in this game... play it to find out what I mean. Great with friends of four or solo. Only problems with the game at the moment are bugs due to its early access. I recommend this game but make sure to play with a friend for the full enjoyment of the game.
Tal'Set	Recommended	16.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/eidolos/	ROCK AND STONE!
Bacon	Recommended	7.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198332963997/	This is an amazing game the levels are always challenging you and the complexity of the levels is just amazing, even playing alone this game is a blast. This is a must buy
ouch2142	Recommended	8.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ouch2142/	A 4 player first person mining game/hoard shooter with a lot of content already and a lot of potential down the road. I highly  recommend it if you're looking for a good time sink with your friends.
wileybear2	Recommended	12.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198115093915/	So far i really like this game. its fun, but also maddening, relaxing, but also terrifying. The ai is super aggresive meaning if your too slow while trying to evacuate your probably going to get swarmed pretty quickly. However i am not sure how long this game will hold my interist simply due to the type of gameplay. I hope for many more hours because this game is a blast. Update.OK so this game continues to amaze me!!! The developers obviously love this gfame and every time i log in theirs more and more content!!!! Seriously guys pbuy this game! Find some friends and play it!!!
CHEEESE	Recommended	37.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ExoticDairyProduct/	Good
Maru	Recommended	24.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/malacchia/	ok
jack.dumfries	Recommended	8.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198088537034/	Great game!Original idea mixed with an old horde style battle system.Difficulty curve could be refined but its still in early access so fingers crossed for an update.Would love to see a character or two added and some greater variety of cosmetics but whats already there is a solid base-line.Highly recomend!
DoctorGreen	Recommended	127.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198815646399/	I havent looked forward to a games development as much as I do for this game.
adamluberda123	Recommended	8.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198796150996/	it is so fun that i want to play for hours
Joey	Recommended	85.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/veryafraid/	Early Access Review
BellbottomMan	Recommended	59.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198023453774/	Dwarves in Space... Of course!
Keinonen	Recommended	56.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197995146363/	Who wouldn't want to be a space dwarf mining gold and other valuables in an alien planet's cave systems while shooting waves of big alien incects and then passing out in the space rig after a mission from drinking too many beers?This is probably the best co-op games I've played in a while. This game has amazing gameplay and beatiful randomly generated cave systems. It has been a lot of fun playing with my friends and will be fun for long time hopefully. At the current rate of updates (1 or 2 per month), I think there will be enough things to do.Grab a friend or two, grab a beer or two, mine everything you can get your hands on and blast your way through hordes of alien scum. To Rock and Stone! For Karl!
Wertysd	Recommended	55.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/wertysd/	Deep Rock Galactic is a cooperative first person shooter where you and your friends team up as fearless dwarves ready to conquer the underground on this alien planet with different regions featuring variety of different environments along with their creatures and hazards.In Deep Rock you enter different missions with unique objectives on procedurally generated terrains. There's four different classes at the moment with unique weapons and mobility equipments, for instance the Gunner can create ziplines for the team to use on their mission. You can gather special non-mission related resources while underground which you can use to upgrade your arsenal, or alternatively, as a proper SpaceDwarf, just buy a glorious beard instead.The game can be played with 1-4 players and features 4 different stages of difficulty. When playing solo, the player is given a robot ally which can be assigned to mine resources or just provide backup in general. Of course the breathtaking caves are much more fun to explore with a fellow Dwarf, or a full group of them.Pros: Endless source of beautiful procedurally generated caves. Fluid gameplay and satisfying gunplay. New content being added frequently.Cons:Not really a singleplayer game, although can be played alone perfectly well.Overall rating [8.5 / 10]Personally I've found Deep Rock the most enjoyable co-op shooter in a long time. The caves are never alike, and boy are they breathtaking to look at. The Dev-team has been updating the game monthly with awesome features and quality content everytime. Even it it's current form I could call this a finished game with lots of gameplay value. Rock and Stone! 
Gucci_Mane	Recommended	13.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198087660864/	Deep Rock Galactic is one of the best co-op games i have played in a while. It has cool characters and awesome level design. Everything around is completely destructible and there are many different type of enemies to fight. I have played this game for 13 hours and still have not even scratched the surface of the game. It also has one of the nicest communities i have ever dealt with. This is a game I would recommend to everyone.
JamWithBread	Recommended	22.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/1973hh/	I don't usually write reviews but I felt compelled to do so for this game.This game delivers an excellent co-op experience that is exceptionally hard to find in today's steam early access. If the devs were to suddenly drop off the face of the planet, leaving the game in its current state, I would remain satisfied with what they have created so far.Great caves, great mobs, great classes, great fun (: Check the game out.
Fleeting Relevance	Recommended	5.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198005655387/	Quite fun. A great way to kill time with strangers or friends.
Floop	Recommended	25.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/floopers/	Deeprock is an immensely fun and awesome game based around Dwarven miners that go treturous environments in order to mine and collect precious loot.This is certainly a "Better with friends" type of game, but it is also really fun playing solo. Coffee Stain did a great job integrating class oriented synergy coupled with funny dialogue and witty characters. Also, they're Dwarfs, so they're a little rough around the edges.This game has a detailed roadmap that is constantly evolving and being updated/fulfilled by the dev team. Truely a group of people that care about their community, however small, and strive to pump out a strong game that has been shaped by the community. 10/10 would for sure recommend to anyone.
Unexpected Squirt	Recommended	14.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mrkadish/	Literally the best game about space dwarf mining operationsAlso, first game where Beer is a pure buff ( realism!)
Nimtiz	Recommended	101.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/cockmonglercunt/	Is good
Dwarfurious	Recommended	1,632.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Dwarfurious/	Early Access Review
Memento Mori	Recommended	8.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Mement0Mor1/	The millions of dollars spent on Triple A games for probably just marketing alone, and somehoe this indie title about killing bugs and mining rocks as dwarfs manages to be the best co-op game I've played in years.
Brandito	Recommended	9.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198073036845/	If you are looking for a fun COOP shooter, then look no futher. Deep Rock Galatic has a fun game loop with engaging gameplay and diverse classes. The devs are also quite active and have more updates in the works. I would recommend trying to get it on sale though. Usually it is 25% off on steam sales.
DARTH VAPER	Recommended	98.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/DwightyFrighty/	I have played a lot of games. Like, a lot. I've spent hours in games that weren't even that good because frankly they were the hip game of the time, and all my friends were playing them. But this game, is fun. Real fun. It's an enjoyable experience through-and-through and I cannot recommend it enough. The developers care, truly. They're honest about their progress and their roadmap, and have kept the community up to date every step of the way. If you ever loved left 4 dead, or minecraft, or any 4 player co-op mission game, pick this up. Convice your friends to get it. Because it's the best co-op experience I've had in a game in many moons. This is one of the few games that really deserves love and attention these days.
(530) WTFH4XX	Recommended	20.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/WTFH4XX/	Love this game already after playing 2 days.Great gameplay, friendly and fun player base, devs seem genuine.GET IT! 
sai tyrus	Recommended	15.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198014453502/	Great game. It's L4D meets Minecraft. While it's slightly rough around the edges (as you'd expect with an Early Access title), the kernel of a great game is in there.As it stands there's 4 different classes that synergize well with one another. Maps are procedurally generated and the current missions consist of killing targets or going for certain minerals as an objective. Extra minerals you mine along the way can be sold or used to upgrade weapons, armor, or purchase cosmetics. Right now, there's no cash shop for cosmetics. Not sure if there ever will be, but I think it's worth mentioning as everything can be bought with IN-GAME currency you earn by playing (just like the good old days). Some of the cosmetics are a bit of a grind, but it's easy to amass resources and doesn't feel like a chore as the game's fun. If this team continues to iterate and polish DRG, we're in for a phenomenal title. They seem to have slowed to monthly updates, but from their write-ups, it seems that they're moving forward with bigger chunks of content with each update. They also recently opened a development branch where you can test out the latest build. If you do so, just know that you're characters don't transfer between the development build and the actual game.If all that I've mentioned sounds up your alley, check it out. I've been having a blast and can't wait to see what these guys do next.
Cowbell Hero.	Recommended	25.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/cowbellhero/	Remember this?https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ytWz0qVvBZ0It's like that, but in space, with guns, explosions, fire, alien bugs, sentry guns, and beer. LOTS OF BEER. And barrel-kicking. And better graphics.In my top 5 of "the most fun an indie game will let me have in a survival game"
Tracer	Recommended	10.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198089380595/	Very fun game. Rock and Stone brøther.-Tracer
sekritbros	Recommended	88.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198048622575/	everything you could ever want from a game about dwarfs fighting aliens in an 80s atmosphere
St0rmFury	Recommended	310.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/St0rmFury/	I recently wrote a review for another game which is one of the inspirations for Deep Rock Galactic where i said i had to force myself to stop after clocking 1,000 hours so that I can start working on my Steam backlog. Later I bought this game during the summer sale and now I think I'm probably looking at another hundreds of hours before I can get back to my backlog.-Rock & stone to the bone!-
deSloc	Recommended	18.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/desloc/	Definetly a fun time, if you have enough friends to team up with.
Onslaught26	Recommended	23.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198018613762/	Great game. Simple fun but can be extremely challenging. Developers doing a great job with regular updated
?¿☻ßâuƒ☻¿?	Recommended	42.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197967859115/	It's fun, plays just as advertised. There are equipment unlocks but it's not grindy, they are well integrated.
Wafen-SS.Mike	Recommended	15.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mireBRE/	Woooooooow , brutally good and fun coop shooter boiiiiiiis
KovineSkumbre	Recommended	65.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ayylmao696969/	It's like Left 4 Dead 2 meets Minecraft and it's actually great.Fantastic game, the game is fun and polished in it's current state, the devs are active and transparent, and the updates add a lot of content and happen pretty often.Definitely get this game if you enjoy Co-Op games, 100% worth it.
Mr Sheepie	Recommended	17.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/26459/	Its really fun. Game is still being updated, and theres lots of progression.
Kodiak	Recommended	42.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198070684007/	So yer wanna kno' how it is to be workin' for Deep Rock Galactic?The shifts 'r tirin' and long..The job's hoard as hell..The pay's horrible..I wonder if fitin' bugs n' movin' dirt is a good way to make a livin'... but I'm havin' the best time in ma life by now...
Angrypup1	Recommended	36.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198380895340/	It's a grindy game but not to grindy, where just stop playing. It ends up becoming an addiction.
Kibbles	Recommended	82.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197965986001/	Great game. Excellent fun for co-op. Dwarfin' and shootin'. A fine addition to my list of co-op / lan gaming. Recommend, even at full price!
Roriah	Recommended	13.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198041467718/	Starship Troopers + Dwarfs + Epic Co-Op Survival. Spent 30 minutes digging away with a friend to survive a massive onslaught of murderous bugs and aliens. 10/10 would be stranded in a cave again. Awesome graphics, beautiful environents, and detailed enemies. Best coop since Left for Dead.
jack.dumfries	Recommended	8.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198088537034/	Great game!Original idea mixed with an old horde style battle system.Difficulty curve could be refined but its still in early access so fingers crossed for an update.Would love to see a character or two added and some greater variety of cosmetics but whats already there is a solid base-line.Highly recomend!
DoctorGreen	Recommended	127.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198815646399/	I havent looked forward to a games development as much as I do for this game.
adamluberda123	Recommended	8.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198796150996/	it is so fun that i want to play for hours
Joey	Recommended	85.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/veryafraid/	Early Access Review
BellbottomMan	Recommended	59.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198023453774/	Dwarves in Space... Of course!
Keinonen	Recommended	56.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197995146363/	Who wouldn't want to be a space dwarf mining gold and other valuables in an alien planet's cave systems while shooting waves of big alien incects and then passing out in the space rig after a mission from drinking too many beers?This is probably the best co-op games I've played in a while. This game has amazing gameplay and beatiful randomly generated cave systems. It has been a lot of fun playing with my friends and will be fun for long time hopefully. At the current rate of updates (1 or 2 per month), I think there will be enough things to do.Grab a friend or two, grab a beer or two, mine everything you can get your hands on and blast your way through hordes of alien scum. To Rock and Stone! For Karl!
Wertysd	Recommended	55.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/wertysd/	Deep Rock Galactic is a cooperative first person shooter where you and your friends team up as fearless dwarves ready to conquer the underground on this alien planet with different regions featuring variety of different environments along with their creatures and hazards.In Deep Rock you enter different missions with unique objectives on procedurally generated terrains. There's four different classes at the moment with unique weapons and mobility equipments, for instance the Gunner can create ziplines for the team to use on their mission. You can gather special non-mission related resources while underground which you can use to upgrade your arsenal, or alternatively, as a proper SpaceDwarf, just buy a glorious beard instead.The game can be played with 1-4 players and features 4 different stages of difficulty. When playing solo, the player is given a robot ally which can be assigned to mine resources or just provide backup in general. Of course the breathtaking caves are much more fun to explore with a fellow Dwarf, or a full group of them.Pros: Endless source of beautiful procedurally generated caves. Fluid gameplay and satisfying gunplay. New content being added frequently.Cons:Not really a singleplayer game, although can be played alone perfectly well.Overall rating [8.5 / 10]Personally I've found Deep Rock the most enjoyable co-op shooter in a long time. The caves are never alike, and boy are they breathtaking to look at. The Dev-team has been updating the game monthly with awesome features and quality content everytime. Even it it's current form I could call this a finished game with lots of gameplay value. Rock and Stone! 
adamluberda123	Recommended	8.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198796150996/	it is so fun that i want to play for hours
Joey	Recommended	85.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/veryafraid/	Early Access Review
BellbottomMan	Recommended	59.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198023453774/	Dwarves in Space... Of course!
Keinonen	Recommended	56.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197995146363/	Who wouldn't want to be a space dwarf mining gold and other valuables in an alien planet's cave systems while shooting waves of big alien incects and then passing out in the space rig after a mission from drinking too many beers?This is probably the best co-op games I've played in a while. This game has amazing gameplay and beatiful randomly generated cave systems. It has been a lot of fun playing with my friends and will be fun for long time hopefully. At the current rate of updates (1 or 2 per month), I think there will be enough things to do.Grab a friend or two, grab a beer or two, mine everything you can get your hands on and blast your way through hordes of alien scum. To Rock and Stone! For Karl!
Wertysd	Recommended	55.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/wertysd/	Deep Rock Galactic is a cooperative first person shooter where you and your friends team up as fearless dwarves ready to conquer the underground on this alien planet with different regions featuring variety of different environments along with their creatures and hazards.In Deep Rock you enter different missions with unique objectives on procedurally generated terrains. There's four different classes at the moment with unique weapons and mobility equipments, for instance the Gunner can create ziplines for the team to use on their mission. You can gather special non-mission related resources while underground which you can use to upgrade your arsenal, or alternatively, as a proper SpaceDwarf, just buy a glorious beard instead.The game can be played with 1-4 players and features 4 different stages of difficulty. When playing solo, the player is given a robot ally which can be assigned to mine resources or just provide backup in general. Of course the breathtaking caves are much more fun to explore with a fellow Dwarf, or a full group of them.Pros: Endless source of beautiful procedurally generated caves. Fluid gameplay and satisfying gunplay. New content being added frequently.Cons:Not really a singleplayer game, although can be played alone perfectly well.Overall rating [8.5 / 10]Personally I've found Deep Rock the most enjoyable co-op shooter in a long time. The caves are never alike, and boy are they breathtaking to look at. The Dev-team has been updating the game monthly with awesome features and quality content everytime. Even it it's current form I could call this a finished game with lots of gameplay value. Rock and Stone! 
Gapi	Recommended	132.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/perezosowf/	Early Access Review
mimico	Recommended	16.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mimico_draw/	Nice. Good design. Funny to play with friends. Some humor.
Unega Unadi [hellcase.com]	Recommended	25.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198122485338/	Amazing. Some minor glitches but it is still in EA so i highly recomend it.
xxRaIenXX	Recommended	276.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198149324484/	Early Access Review
Gimli	Recommended	23.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198044278802/	It has a very cool concept, very fun. Engaging team-elements and class system, and the levels are very challenging. Great for co-op and online parties.
SanityFlex	Recommended	5.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SanityFlex/	Really fun game, especially with a group of friends, but also a slightly linear experience, that won't let you dig wherever you want.I really hope the devs focus on making the game fun, instead of grindy and limited to incentivise micro transactions like so many other companies lately.Pros:+ The artstyle is great and immersive.+ Good variety of classes (playstyles, abilities)+ Good shooting mechanics.+ The M.U.L.E. is a hillarious addition the these travels.+ Great alien animations.+ Good voice acting+ Fun tools.+ Wide variety of maps with various hazards.+ Great way to do multiplayer.+ The Flare/Lighting Mechanics+ The "rush the exit" mechanic that really makes you work together to get out fast.+ The random invasions/Swarms.+ Good UI.Cons:- One thing i think is very important to mention, is that this is not an open cave exploration game that you can just dig around in freely. The maps are linear, and offer very few paths to your destination. I personally grabbed the Driller as my first character, cause i thought i could just freely drill for treasure. But all you will drill is a never ending hole that reaches nothing (until you run out of fuel for your drill ofc.)- The drill has ammo (imo it should be infinite, so you can do fun stuff with this feature.)- You can't gather with the drill.- I'm not sure why, but sometimes the M.U.L.E. just won't come to me. The reason seems to be that me and a teammate are too far from eachother, and the M.U.L.E. will walk back to my teammate after getting a certain amount of meters away from him/her.
Kato	Recommended	16.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/YoYaFoolYaFool/	I think this is a amazing shooting, exploring, grinding game full of laughs and screams. It is very possible to have jump scares in this game... play it to find out what I mean. Great with friends of four or solo. Only problems with the game at the moment are bugs due to its early access. I recommend this game but make sure to play with a friend for the full enjoyment of the game.
Tal'Set	Recommended	16.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/eidolos/	ROCK AND STONE!
Bacon	Recommended	7.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198332963997/	This is an amazing game the levels are always challenging you and the complexity of the levels is just amazing, even playing alone this game is a blast. This is a must buy
Amarok	Recommended	33.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Amarok855/	Great fun with friends, active devs and good gameplay. Can recommend.Altough one has to beware when playing alone, it's not as much fun as it is with friends.Update: The devs are pushing out some really great updates which improve the game immensely. Great team!
Handsome Jezdamayel	Recommended	39.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jezdamayel/	I nominate this for the Better With Friends Award! This game is just amazing! It looks gtreat! it plays great and it is so scary! Fun for all! AND Even more amazing with others.
Mr.Busdriverman	Recommended	6.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198043924204/	Wanna be a spacedwarf and dig holes, fight off the brown unwashed masses and get dollas? Then sign up now! be a productive part of Dwarf society, Service guarantees citizenship (no overtime, provide you own equipment, terms and conditions apply, may include additional fees)
Captain_Blonde_Beard	Recommended	81.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/llamacaptain/	Dwarves in Space, What could go wrong?ABSOLUTELY ♥♥♥♥ING NOTHING!This game is amazing, i watched the yogscast play it back in 2017 and it made the hazard 3 look easy. Its not, it is a living hell. This game is fun alone and even better with friends
Яödina	Recommended	9.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/IdoNotTrustYou/	Dwarf Simulator 2018 10/10
Unega Unadi [hellcase.com]	Recommended	25.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198122485338/	Amazing. Some minor glitches but it is still in EA so i highly recomend it.
herilaos	Recommended	29.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Herilaos/	rock time
Dr. Octagon	Recommended	7.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/redpyramid456/	You get to mine rock and kill bugs. What more could you ask for?
Floop	Recommended	25.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/floopers/	Deeprock is an immensely fun and awesome game based around Dwarven miners that go treturous environments in order to mine and collect precious loot.This is certainly a "Better with friends" type of game, but it is also really fun playing solo. Coffee Stain did a great job integrating class oriented synergy coupled with funny dialogue and witty characters. Also, they're Dwarfs, so they're a little rough around the edges.This game has a detailed roadmap that is constantly evolving and being updated/fulfilled by the dev team. Truely a group of people that care about their community, however small, and strive to pump out a strong game that has been shaped by the community. 10/10 would for sure recommend to anyone.
Brandito	Recommended	9.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198073036845/	If you are looking for a fun COOP shooter, then look no futher. Deep Rock Galatic has a fun game loop with engaging gameplay and diverse classes. The devs are also quite active and have more updates in the works. I would recommend trying to get it on sale though. Usually it is 25% off on steam sales.
DARTH VAPER	Recommended	98.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/DwightyFrighty/	I have played a lot of games. Like, a lot. I've spent hours in games that weren't even that good because frankly they were the hip game of the time, and all my friends were playing them. But this game, is fun. Real fun. It's an enjoyable experience through-and-through and I cannot recommend it enough. The developers care, truly. They're honest about their progress and their roadmap, and have kept the community up to date every step of the way. If you ever loved left 4 dead, or minecraft, or any 4 player co-op mission game, pick this up. Convice your friends to get it. Because it's the best co-op experience I've had in a game in many moons. This is one of the few games that really deserves love and attention these days.
(530) WTFH4XX	Recommended	20.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/WTFH4XX/	Love this game already after playing 2 days.Great gameplay, friendly and fun player base, devs seem genuine.GET IT! 
sai tyrus	Recommended	15.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198014453502/	Great game. It's L4D meets Minecraft. While it's slightly rough around the edges (as you'd expect with an Early Access title), the kernel of a great game is in there.As it stands there's 4 different classes that synergize well with one another. Maps are procedurally generated and the current missions consist of killing targets or going for certain minerals as an objective. Extra minerals you mine along the way can be sold or used to upgrade weapons, armor, or purchase cosmetics. Right now, there's no cash shop for cosmetics. Not sure if there ever will be, but I think it's worth mentioning as everything can be bought with IN-GAME currency you earn by playing (just like the good old days). Some of the cosmetics are a bit of a grind, but it's easy to amass resources and doesn't feel like a chore as the game's fun. If this team continues to iterate and polish DRG, we're in for a phenomenal title. They seem to have slowed to monthly updates, but from their write-ups, it seems that they're moving forward with bigger chunks of content with each update. They also recently opened a development branch where you can test out the latest build. If you do so, just know that you're characters don't transfer between the development build and the actual game.If all that I've mentioned sounds up your alley, check it out. I've been having a blast and can't wait to see what these guys do next.
Simok33	Recommended	61.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/simok33/	Fantastic Game and a lot of fun with freinds.
Winter	Recommended	50.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/PlushyWarFerret/	in the dorf-lands mining with my dorf-hands with other fellow dorf-mans 
Handsome Jezdamayel	Recommended	39.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jezdamayel/	I nominate this for the Better With Friends Award! This game is just amazing! It looks gtreat! it plays great and it is so scary! Fun for all! AND Even more amazing with others.
Mr.Busdriverman	Recommended	6.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198043924204/	Wanna be a spacedwarf and dig holes, fight off the brown unwashed masses and get dollas? Then sign up now! be a productive part of Dwarf society, Service guarantees citizenship (no overtime, provide you own equipment, terms and conditions apply, may include additional fees)
Captain_Blonde_Beard	Recommended	81.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/llamacaptain/	Dwarves in Space, What could go wrong?ABSOLUTELY ♥♥♥♥ING NOTHING!This game is amazing, i watched the yogscast play it back in 2017 and it made the hazard 3 look easy. Its not, it is a living hell. This game is fun alone and even better with friends
Veteran	Recommended	64.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ZergBrutalisk/	Great fun with friends, a squad of 4 friends all cooperating makes this amazing game an even greater experience.The best part about this game is the constant love the developers are giving it. The frequent updates are always welcoming changes and add a satisfying amount of content.
Яödina	Recommended	9.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/IdoNotTrustYou/	Dwarf Simulator 2018 10/10
MrMonkfish	Recommended	4.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/MrMonkfish/	Great game to play with friends, and it keeps improving.  :-)
Fat Ninjah	Recommended	78.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197980035883/	Already a very solid co-op game despite still being in early access, and it gets better with every update.
Digital_Blauwk	Recommended	24.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Digital_Blauwk/	Rock and Stone!
Reece	Recommended	112.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/reecekun/	Staying up late nights with friends to accomplish the crazy feats this game tasks you with is the most fun I've had in a while, and will continue to entertain me for even longer. The co-op is astounding. Definitely one of my new all time faves. Going to be playing this for a good while. If you're lookin for a fun bash with your friends, this is it. Rock n' Stone to the Bone, brothers.
pizza dwight	Recommended	17.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/wickedhd/	2 Words:Beard Physics(8.75/10)
The 9th	Not Recommended	3.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198109511617/	Very fun game to play with friends but I feel like its lacking a bit of content.While it is very fun to kill waves of insect aliens and mine with unique different classes..it could get stale because you have no true objective, it is rinse and repeat. You mine for resources on different missions and you do not use those resources to build guns, a base you can defend, or armour. 6/10
Air Force Juan	Recommended	15.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/dancingrickastley/	A game about a bunch of homiesexual dwarves exploring each other's caves.10/10, just buy it.
Mom's Ravioli	Recommended	72.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198040001301/	Barebones content ( for now ) , it's an Early Access game afterall.However, the visuals and audio are absolutely amazing. Core gameplay is solid and fun. If you like co-op, dwarves, hoarding, mining, crawling in damp caverns, then look no further.
Swamp Yankee	Recommended	6.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198115488811/	Incredible from what's there already. Fast gameplay that only gets better with more players. Excited to see what this looks like once it's all finished. Could definitely use some more options/upgradeable features but it's got some great bones.
U.D.M.A.5	Recommended	30.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198082542966/	Good game, thumbs up.
Bolo Mark XXXIII	Recommended	42.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ZeQuato/	Первое что я сделал, выкопал яму из которой нельзя было выбраться. ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥нна.
Damien the Bunny	Recommended	75.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/DamienTB/	I love this game. A ton of fun.Just imagine likeTeam Fortress 2 and Minecraft had a baby. ...And then someome threw giant, alien spiders all over that baby.
FinnTheHuman420	Recommended	71.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198127047886/	A hidden gem
Bopit	Recommended	252.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198005648413/	This game is such a breath of fresh air in all of the battle royale, mindless point and shoot games that are on the market right now.  For those of you who need to shoot other players, and need that twitch reaction based gameplay, this is not for you.  For players who are looking for a constantly changing, dynamic, intense, and downright fun experience this game is for you.  This game really rewards teamwork, quick thinking, and game knowledge.  I have only 2 complaints in the game, the first being the suicide bugs are silent right up until they start detonating right behind you as you are digging.  The second being the progression, while it exists, is not quite as deep as I'd hoped. The game more than makes up for these though by delivering a truly focused, challenging, and dynamic experience.  Rock and stone, to the bone.
Captain Starfury	Recommended	39.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/tim_napier/	Take the movie the Descent, mix it with starship troopers, and add dwarves. You get this very addictive game. Definately reccomend this one.
KarateSnoopy	Recommended	11.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/karatesnoopy/	Great coop
Mom's Ravioli	Recommended	72.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198040001301/	Barebones content ( for now ) , it's an Early Access game afterall.However, the visuals and audio are absolutely amazing. Core gameplay is solid and fun. If you like co-op, dwarves, hoarding, mining, crawling in damp caverns, then look no further.
Swamp Yankee	Recommended	6.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198115488811/	Incredible from what's there already. Fast gameplay that only gets better with more players. Excited to see what this looks like once it's all finished. Could definitely use some more options/upgradeable features but it's got some great bones.
Bolo Mark XXXIII	Recommended	42.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ZeQuato/	Первое что я сделал, выкопал яму из которой нельзя было выбраться. ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥нна.
U.D.M.A.5	Recommended	30.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198082542966/	Good game, thumbs up.
Bopit	Recommended	252.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198005648413/	This game is such a breath of fresh air in all of the battle royale, mindless point and shoot games that are on the market right now.  For those of you who need to shoot other players, and need that twitch reaction based gameplay, this is not for you.  For players who are looking for a constantly changing, dynamic, intense, and downright fun experience this game is for you.  This game really rewards teamwork, quick thinking, and game knowledge.  I have only 2 complaints in the game, the first being the suicide bugs are silent right up until they start detonating right behind you as you are digging.  The second being the progression, while it exists, is not quite as deep as I'd hoped. The game more than makes up for these though by delivering a truly focused, challenging, and dynamic experience.  Rock and stone, to the bone.
KarateSnoopy	Recommended	11.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/karatesnoopy/	Great coop
Zergjerk	Recommended	39.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198040346040/	*Picks Driller*  *Goes Leeroy*  Then got killed in a corridor 1000m the oppsite way of the team  then whines when no one comes to revive you.  *gets kicked from the session*  10/10 would do it again.Oh and it has FLAMETHROWERS !    now i only need tesla turrets, shove button so i can push gunners off the ledge and Michael Dorn voice acting.
Captain Starfury	Recommended	39.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/tim_napier/	Take the movie the Descent, mix it with starship troopers, and add dwarves. You get this very addictive game. Definately reccomend this one.
SuperSaiyanSandshrew	Recommended	30.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/rawkphyst/	Saw this game, watched a video on it, bought the game, proceeded to spend all night playing, bought two more copies for friends, tonight we mine. 10/10 would spam Rawk and Stone again
The Pretty One	Recommended	2.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/The_PrettyOne/	Cool Game, Would like to play :D
SweenerButtz	Recommended	9.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SweenerButtz/	An absolutely fantastic co-op experience. It manages to merge the best qualities of Left 4 Dead, Earth Defense Force, and *ahem* Minecraft all into one very cohesive and fun experience. The gameplay is simple and smooth, the game as a whole is relatively bug-free at the moment, and each of the four characters feels unique and interesting as far as their play-styles go.The only gripes I currently have with the game are: The lack of a "Vote to Kick Player" option in the menu.The lack of items to spend your currency on (this is early-access, so it's completely understandable)And the lack of enemy variation. (Spiders, Big Spiders, Flame Spiders, and... that's pretty much it)But again, most of these problems are due to the game being in early-access. They could honestly fully release the game right now and it'd feel finished, but with a bit more content, the game could be something truly amazing. I definitely feel like this game was worth my money, and even more importantly, my time.
Waxychart	Recommended	38.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Waxychart/	Giant caves Giant bugs Giant tentacle monsters Poisonous gas Rock and stoneDAMN WHALE PIPERS
KarateSnoopy	Recommended	11.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/karatesnoopy/	Great coop
The Pretty One	Recommended	2.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/The_PrettyOne/	Cool Game, Would like to play :D
Bopit	Recommended	252.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198005648413/	This game is such a breath of fresh air in all of the battle royale, mindless point and shoot games that are on the market right now.  For those of you who need to shoot other players, and need that twitch reaction based gameplay, this is not for you.  For players who are looking for a constantly changing, dynamic, intense, and downright fun experience this game is for you.  This game really rewards teamwork, quick thinking, and game knowledge.  I have only 2 complaints in the game, the first being the suicide bugs are silent right up until they start detonating right behind you as you are digging.  The second being the progression, while it exists, is not quite as deep as I'd hoped. The game more than makes up for these though by delivering a truly focused, challenging, and dynamic experience.  Rock and stone, to the bone.
Lizard	Recommended	52.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/LizardEngineer/	Rock and stone!
U.D.M.A.5	Recommended	30.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198082542966/	Good game, thumbs up.
Bolo Mark XXXIII	Recommended	42.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ZeQuato/	Первое что я сделал, выкопал яму из которой нельзя было выбраться. ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥нна.
Ary	Recommended	8.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Aryleto/	Better than crypto mining.
lin	Recommended	49.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/linslin/	Nice game :)
lin	Recommended	49.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/linslin/	Nice game :)
Jp0sh	Recommended	15.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jpoosh/	Rock and Stone Brother!!!
The Pretty One	Recommended	2.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/The_PrettyOne/	Cool Game, Would like to play :D
Eric Devito	Not Recommended	2.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Duckettes/	I understand that this game is still in early access, and when the game fully releases and if it seems a lot better to me I'll come back and play it again and edit this review. As of right now however I would not recomend this game to anyone unless you have a group of at least three other friends who would be down for playing this game as a group. I've seen it addressed in some other non positive reviews but the "quickplay" feature is awful. It gives the host the ability to kick anyone they want, and when you're a solo player ready to dive into a mine and start spelunking, getting kicked from multiple parties, even the same one mulitiple times, is an awful way to spend an hour. Perhaps simply changing the quickplay feature to just that a quickplay feature, when playing Overwatch I can't kick someone on my team, so why here? For people with a team let them do invite or private groups.Besides that the actual gameplay itself was a bit lack luster. Sure you'll spend some time mowing down waves of spider like creatures during a "horde" section. And even some time traversing the underground caves mining and recieving minerals, etc. But I found the majority of the time I spent in caves was spent back tracking where I had just been, or where my teammates had been. There is a map in the game, but it's bound to the "M" button I believe and requires you to hold it down to activate (and while you want to use it)... That is just plainly bad game design. You litterally have to remove you right hand from your mouse, or strech your index finger so far that your normal "WASD" position is thrown off horrendiously. also the map itself is poor and confusing, and in a game where you are constantly changing elevation players would be much better off with a 3d map, along the lines of the one in Subnatica, that displays the area around you in a 3d image, this would better help the player understand where they could possibly go. Back to the back tracking, but not off of navigation, the game itself is very dark, of course it would be I mean you're spelunking there is no sun down there. And you are given 3 flares that recharge but don't provide a long amount of light, their is also a class that offers a flare gun. Said flare gun can be upgraded in a few ways one of which I believe was allowing the flares to last longer, as I'm sure their is probably one for your common flares too. The problem is the flares don't last long enough and even when you think you've found a new tunnel to explore, many times you'll soon come to find a handful of burnt out flares littering the floor, left by one of your teammates, or even you. I feel like I could go on for a while, but I in know way mean any disrespect to the developers of this game. Obviously the game itself peaked my interest enough to purchase it (even though I later returned it), and the game itself runs well, the concept is fun, and the writing and voice acting warranted a few chuckles. I just don't think the game is all there yet ( It's early access I know). But from the other early access games I've played I was just expecting more. Of course I'm sure they'll add some sort of a "campaign" to the game, and maybe even scale down the single player difficultly too, as when I tried that I kept getting destroyed by the "Horde" sections, it almost seems they didn't change anything between single and team mode besides you getting a robot companion to help out.If a dev does read this though, good job on what you've done! When your game fully releases and it seems more player freindly I may shell out a more expensive fee to give it a whirl again and then happily change this review! Just please take these notes into consideration:- Rework the map - I'd say make it 3d and stick it in the character's U.I. so it's not clunky for the players to view and use it- Seperate private and quickplay lobbies - If someone has 3 friends that want to play a game together great! But let the loners group up together without getting kicked from game after game.- A slight rework on the flares, at the least scouts flare guns flares should be upgradeable to never run out (this may be a later upgrade already that I just never reached). And if you're worried about scouts spamming flares and supply drops to light up the whole tunnel system, cap the amount of active flares each scout can have. Say 10 perma flares be scout, unless you think having a possible 40 never dying flares up at a time is too much.
biei	Recommended	47.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/biei895/	Viena no retajām, ilgi gaidītajām spēlēm kas nav pievīlusi.  Atmosferiska, ļoti spiligti tēmējoša uz team un co-op saspēli, grūtības līmenis augsts. Viennozīmīgi rekomendējama.
Papa Whelkovich	Recommended	19.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Whelkovich/	This game is almost 100x more complete than most early access games and I think its a great buy for only 27.99 (Depending on what area you're from.) I think it'd be nice to add a lot more missions maybe something where you defend or have to rescue other miners, but with what the game has they could've just called it complete and slapped a 40 - 50$ price tag on it.
Chippy	Recommended	14.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ChippyNDippy/	A little but unique title. A true gem. I've played very little but so far it's been a fantastic experience. It's simultaneously fills you with fear and bravery as you and your dwarvern mates continuously spam the salute key whilst dying to praetorian bugs.
downsmash3400	Recommended	19.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/axcmvvxnnxcm/	I just love being a dwarf
Aki	Recommended	2.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198062547070/	A nice little gem, I would only buy it if you have friends to play with, I dont but I live chilling in the home hub area.
Jasperoland	Recommended	106.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198065631253/	Bug terminator Simulator 2018
couch_star	Recommended	116.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198002916976/	I'm from Buenos Aires and I say kill 'em all!WOULD YOU LIKE TO KNOW MORE?
Capt.Emmett	Recommended	12.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Capt-Emmett/	Pros-Beutiful art style-Great gameplay-Runs smoothly-Solo plays great-Multiplayer also plays great-Weapons-Customization-UpgradingCons-Theres not to much (But its still early access)-Farming(Sidenote) I hate it when people say theres not much content and dont even think about how its early access, or when they say the game wont lauch and they have a crappy computor.
Pad Seayew [FNF]	Recommended	117.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/padseeew/	Love it.  Please friends, buy it, and we shall play together.
Theodoshus217	Recommended	8.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Theodoshus2171/	Really enjoyable game so far, I can see very positive things for it in the future considering it is only in Alpha and is REALLY fun. Perhaps not worth the £19 at the moment but it certainly will be (considering the big, growing community and very active developers shown in the the DRG discord :P). I enjoy it, that's for sure, being able to choose different classes and all being able to make a difference to the scenario. I would say it is the perfect mix of games and just what I have been looking for!
Magic Head	Recommended	9.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/withnohands/	L4D meets Minecraft. And the music is excellent.
Dargadon	Recommended	137.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Dargadon/	Rock and Stone, brothers! Leave no Dwarf behind!
shithead	Recommended	36.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/relbmaZ/	im hard
REDB3ARD	Recommended	18.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mrkymrcpls/	I'd write a serious review but I can't. Literally crying laughing from that last extraction oh my god. Our MULE went straight up through a hole in the ceiling so my buddy playing the Miner starts drilling a tunnel straight to the Extraction Point. Midway through the tunnel we get blocked by this giant, armored green behemoth. As my two friends shoot to kill it I scream "NO! WAIT!" but alas it was too late. We all died in a tiny, 2-dwarf-wide tunnel to the behemoth's smelly post-mortum fart clouds.Silent but deadly, indeed. 
m0nk🔥	Recommended	152.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/m0nk210/	Hands down - one of the best coop games after left 4 dead 2. I'm searching for early access bugs - can only find these nasty bugs trying to chew on my beard.rock and stone!FOR KARL !
Call of Sav	Recommended	6.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198042259913/	Rock SOLID FUN!  
m0nk🔥	Recommended	152.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/m0nk210/	Hands down - one of the best coop games after left 4 dead 2. I'm searching for early access bugs - can only find these nasty bugs trying to chew on my beard.rock and stone!FOR KARL !
Ragnablade	Recommended	19.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/darsan095/	Best PVE experience after Firefall. Devs definitely used gameplay ideas from FF + crazy space dwarves setting. Just buy and try not to die alone while digging every last gramm of gold!
Mr Torgue	Recommended	531.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197967558464/	DO YOU LIKE THE IDEA OF BEING A SPACE MINER BUT DON'T WANT TO PUT UP WITH RED FACTIONS' COMMUNIST BULLS***? THEN HAVE I GOT A GAME FOR YOU! FULLY DESTRUCTABLE TERRAIN, HUNDREDS OF THINGS TO SHOOT AT, AND THE BEST PART:EXPLOSIONS!!!
Aegis	Recommended	37.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198025138632/	So. Friggen. Good!
Cruoriss	Recommended	65.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Cruoriss/	Best coop since L4D2
Natedog2000	Recommended	79.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197973986549/	the best game ever
Call of Sav	Recommended	6.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198042259913/	Rock SOLID FUN!  
Funami	Recommended	10.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198027761561/	this game is good fun so far
Asduuh	Recommended	36.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/asdu/	i only want friends so i dont need to play only solo... :( Error block!http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1317777290And i love my minigun!!!http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1316803306 
ghool	Recommended	8.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Vanixx/	Dwarfs in space, need I say more?
m0nk🔥	Recommended	152.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/m0nk210/	Hands down - one of the best coop games after left 4 dead 2. I'm searching for early access bugs - can only find these nasty bugs trying to chew on my beard.rock and stone!FOR KARL !
Newgobli	Recommended	77.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198065727609/	Very cool and unique and constantly updated, if you feel like you will like it: buy it! It's worth your money.
Sugar Tits	Not Recommended	1.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TitsRP/	This game has potential but at the moment, the content is lacking. The game feels fresh and fun when playing the first time but after you clear a level, it doesn't feel the same anymore. The enemies are limited, the progression is just not there and its just not fun for people who want to achieve more. The current progression system has small upgrades which don't really mean anything such as "+5 Seconds on your flare time" and "+10 more bullets in your gun". There are no extra abilities and there is no loot that either makes you look different or gives you upgrades / different abilities.If you enjoy running the same kind of level over and over again then by all means buy it. The game is very optimized and has a very unqiue system with being able to blow up anything in the world. If you are looking for a game with a lot of content, its not for you. Its understandable that its early access but it doesn't have enough for me at least. Might be a buy later on after it leaves early access.
Perfectly Wrong	Recommended	104.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198033428017/	2 Dads, 2 Sons.. Tonnes of fun for us.
(-C-)Fjonan	Recommended	199.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/fjonan/	Minecraft meets Left 4 Dead in Space with dwarfs. What more do you need to know?
Goner	Recommended	57.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198048279902/	It's a rock solid experience.
Captainsage	Recommended	8.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197984644300/	Best beard simulator out there. Beard/10
SepSlither	Recommended	7.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/xSlitherx/	Early Access Review
descended from einstein	Recommended	42.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/wasplinkOfficial/	i own sex
Metal Mordaki	Recommended	78.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198106865855/	Great game, would recommend. Great time killer
M2B	Recommended	34.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/2BEXTRATHICC/	Torbjorn and co. latest adventures
RtRrd | Fattea	Recommended	40.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/fattea/	A very promising game. Some people would say it will get repetitive by the time, because the "lack of content" of the early access state.. but hell ! I wish every early access game had so much content like that ! The game also runs very smoothly, good point for an early access again.The co-op feels very satisfying, when you work together, then at the end you return to the space ship with the precious minerals.Also the devs seems to listen to the community alot, and this is a good thing. Because co-op games are built and stays alive with its community.I definitely recommend it, even if the game is a bit expensive, it it totally worth it.*Dwarf dancing to classic music* "ROCK AND STONE, BROTHER !
TONTONNXD	Recommended	24.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198076286227/	Its basicly warhammer squats vs tyranids the videogame... and i ♥♥♥♥ing love it
Practical Problems	Recommended	306.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/evilppandp/	Teamwork in Deep Rock Galactic is much better than Team Fortress 2.Engineer <2 
Hydraliks	Recommended	11.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198062877045/	Has a lot of bugs.
JOHNNY BOY	Recommended	39.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198075773251/	ROCK AND STONE
Tool8	Recommended	70.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/tool8/	Rock & Stone, brother!
PlagueofMidgets	Recommended	30.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/PlagueofMidgets/	The game is currently in early access as an alpha but already feels more polished than some fully released games. The game runs well and is a lot of fun with friends. There is a good amount of content to keep you entertained and the game will only get better from here. Rock and stone!
DestroyerOfWorlds420	Recommended	2.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/destroyerofworlds420/	attention all friends: buy this game asap. so much fun alone too!
It's a trap !™	Recommended	59.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/pr0bot/	For Rock and Stone I diggy diggy hole!
kool aid	Not Recommended	6.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198035792841/	Trailer made this game seem interesting, I thought exploring with my friends will be entertaining and interesting but this game is really lacking any real content, every single mission is the same, go gather morkite/eggs/fossils, defend against some occasional waves of spiders (yes, there is only one type of an enemy) and then go back to your ship. End of mission. First 2 hours of the game were really fun, but the novelty wore off quick and now this game feels like a complete waste of time. Definitely not worth 23 euros at its current state.
jusT Why	Recommended	16.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jusTWhyOhSenpai/	Early Access Review
General Burkhalter	Not Recommended	2.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198130230425/	3/5 for me. The setting and the game itself is amazing (what do you need apart from capitalistic dwarfs?) but it gets boring very fast. I refunded it for now, but if they keep the content coming I might rebuy it. So recommend? With friends probably, alone not yet.
PB	Not Recommended	3.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198072485016/	I really tried. There are some nice elements. But this is a shell and not a game. So much work is ahead of these guys to make something worth getting back to. Good luck.
The Viper	Recommended	2.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/IRL_spitfire/	Core game is great fun and shows a lot of promise. However, due to reptitive nature of the content I refuned.Definitely one to keep an eye on.
rooooooo	Recommended	9.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/hehehehehe2132/	man this good game
rara	Recommended	84.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198248100016/	good
Surprise	Recommended	95.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/surprise_everyone/	I've put a good bit of time into Deep♥♥♥♥♥♥I mean Rock Galactic, and so far I've found the game to be pretty fun. I definitely started out as someone who was skeptical at first, but I spent about 5 hours watching people stream it with randos / friends before I bought it and it is definitely as fun as it looks. The pros:The 4 "heroes" you can choose from are pretty fun and unique, and the missions generally run best when you either have 1 of each of them on your team, or a combination geared more towards the eliminiation or point extraction missions to help you output damage. Multiplayer in general is pretty easy to setup and streamlined with very few issues either connecting to other players, or having other people to play with you. The voice acting and scripts are generally pretty funny, and you will never get tired of hearing ROCK AND STONE as you ♥♥♥♥ up monster waves or complete a hard mission. The cave and level design are pretty unique (I believe they're procedurally generated) and it never feels like I'm on the same level, but with only slight modifications. It actually feels like totally new areas to explore each time instead of building off a handful of base "designs".The development team is adding more content on the regular and isn't charging more for it than what you already paid when you bought the game.The cons:I've fallen through the map twice (in 60 hours) which is annoying, but still not at all terrible. It goes on the con list, only because that's a pretty basic thing to check for.There are no dedicated servers, which will increase the longevity of the game, but also means if you have a host with a bad internet connection, you're going to be rubberbanding a lot.The game still has some ridiculous collision checks though (even given what I said above about falling through the map) where a tiny piece of earth you missed mining out will trap you in a hole and you can't figure out why your character wont jump or move out of the area it's stuck in. I've been blown up more than once because of this.The Mule will sometimes take you the wrong way to get you back to the escape pod, and on more than one occasion I've had to quickly backtrack and race to it to escape in time, or just accept my death and lose some EXP and gold because we didn't get everyone back to the ship. This has also caused more than 1 team wipe because the Mule has to be back for the escape pod grate to open and let you escape on it.Overall though I HIGHLY recommend this game. The cons I listed aren't dealbreaking by any means, and generally only happen rarely. It is definitely more fun playing with multiple people, but even if your friends don't have it, the community is pretty strong in game and it makes it a lot of fun.
baconbub	Recommended	7.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/baconbub/	Good game.
MrBramwell	Recommended	11.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mrbramwell/	The game is great, although its one of those games that gets a whole lot better with friends and voice communication. That's what its all about in my oppinion. Solo is quite boring, and joining randoms are a hit or miss kinda deal. A lot of random open games doesn't utilize the voice comms.4 Player Co-Op, dig for resources / eggs etc. and once you have what you need, You gotta make it back to the drop pod to escape, this really is a teamwork game, if you don't function as a team, it will become very hard to survive and complete the round.Its a fun little game. Is it worth the 22.99 euros ? No, not in its current state, I'd say its overpriced. 14.99 euro, would've been a far better price point. There's not a lot of content yet for it to be justified, as such, it gets repetitive fast.I'll recommend the game for how it plays. But I'd say its a 51% for and 49% against recommending the game, based entirely on the price.
OneEpicDuck	Recommended	21.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198048699100/	Very fun even and very repetative. The best parts come when you're freaking out about ammo and the next coming swarm. Lower the price to 15 bucks MAXIMUM then add a few more monsters and mechanics and I won't return it to wait until a better price. If you added a better reward system (like building your spaceship out of gold or something) that incentivises playing more and gaining rarer resources and more of them then I would totally pay $25.
ivor_bign	Recommended	460.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197987521999/	Putting small hairy things with shiny helmets into dark holes as deep as they will go.What's not to like?Oh and while it can be fun on your own its definitely more fun with more people present.
Lucifer	Recommended	24.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198117563010/	Add Female dwarf
ForestDragon	Recommended	69.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ForestDragon/	Game of the Year!Rock and Stone, Brother!
BunBun's Secret	Recommended	46.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/xs-142/	Fantastic game
POGOrr	Recommended	20.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/pogorr/	This Game Is Da SH***! I love it, most prominent FPP of 2017/18 COOP FOCUSED. Dynamic and most of all FUN!
Some Idiot	Recommended	57.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198040126422/	This game is fun. Designed for multiplayer and is getting better with each update.There's no I in team when it's this game. Everyone has a worthy role and community is great. Buy. You won't regret it.
Sizergh	Recommended	40.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/sizergh/	Best co-op game  at this time.
doggo	Recommended	13.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198150900387/	Super fun game. I waited to buy it until it was on sale but I didn't know how much fun this game is. Definitely worth full price. I love the unique gameplay and the art style. Really well done, can't wait for it to be released.
FeelZeSchadenfreude	Recommended	176.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/CanYouFeelTheSchandenfreude/	Rough around the edges, but shows considerable promise. The premises of the core gameplay loop (your moment to moment actions) and secondary gameplay loop (what you do during the course of a game) are sturdy enough that I can see this game standing the test of time. Game mechanics encourage teamwork and make going alone dangerous by forcing the players to need each other. The caves are generally unpredictable, maps can be changes through tunneling and explosives, and combined with random enemy waves the game design adds considerable replay value.The game play is a blend of Left 4 Dead and Minecraft, where you drop into a cave system, need to gather minerals and/or deal with the wildlife infestation, and at the end of the mission you have to make a dash for the escape while the local fauna attempt to eat you while you drill, blast, zipline, and platform your way out. The progression system is not mandatory or overbearing, as it is quite possible to beat the hardest settings with a fresh character if you coordinate with your team. The enemies have weak points that reward aiming and coordinating with teammates to flank.The devs also seem to be dedicated to qualify of life updates, which quite honestly I wish I saw more of. They have so far avoided the majority of the gameplay elements that turn coop games unpleasant, such as that green circle in Vermintide 2 that made it into a kill competition, or the fire panic mechanics in Killing Floor 2 that allowed bad or trolling firebugs to make it impossible for his teammates to land headshots. The P2P network seems surprisingly robust.Overall, I would give the game a try.
Bigdipper	Recommended	62.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198157554174/	 Fully Destructable Enviroment + Team Fortress + Left 4 Dead A fun game that's relativley easy to pick up, with a good difficulty curve for harder levels.Each class is rewarding in its play style, i always felt challenged, easily a game i can grind a few hours in.Talk to some randos, bring a friend in or sit in silence spamming your laser pointer. Helpful + chill community.Looking forward to:More incentive to grind - Stat tree/Cosmetic/Team Vs team games?More enemies - Big bosses/Deadlier variationsDon't buy if you have an adversion to the notion of dwarfs bickering in space. 
LexR45	Recommended	64.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/LexR45/	Think this is a fantastic game, hopefully there will be more of a main objective (atm it's mostly upgrading each classes equipment (which is good) and vanity item). Hopefully there will be more things to spend the materials that come from the areas.
PorQpine215	Recommended	15.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/dperrey/	You can floss 10/1
Creeper Delta	Recommended	12.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/creeperdelta/	One of the funnest co-op games I've played in quite some time. Best with at least one friend.
The Algorithm	Recommended	48.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/wittyidnamegoeshere/	Takes the best parts of Minecraft, Left4Dead, and Starship Troopers and smashes them together. Stop reading this and buy it with some friends. Update: Every time they update this game, its solid gold. Still buy it.
FeelZeSchadenfreude	Recommended	176.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/CanYouFeelTheSchandenfreude/	Rough around the edges, but shows considerable promise. The premises of the core gameplay loop (your moment to moment actions) and secondary gameplay loop (what you do during the course of a game) are sturdy enough that I can see this game standing the test of time. Game mechanics encourage teamwork and make going alone dangerous by forcing the players to need each other. The caves are generally unpredictable, maps can be changes through tunneling and explosives, and combined with random enemy waves the game design adds considerable replay value.The game play is a blend of Left 4 Dead and Minecraft, where you drop into a cave system, need to gather minerals and/or deal with the wildlife infestation, and at the end of the mission you have to make a dash for the escape while the local fauna attempt to eat you while you drill, blast, zipline, and platform your way out. The progression system is not mandatory or overbearing, as it is quite possible to beat the hardest settings with a fresh character if you coordinate with your team. The enemies have weak points that reward aiming and coordinating with teammates to flank.The devs also seem to be dedicated to qualify of life updates, which quite honestly I wish I saw more of. They have so far avoided the majority of the gameplay elements that turn coop games unpleasant, such as that green circle in Vermintide 2 that made it into a kill competition, or the fire panic mechanics in Killing Floor 2 that allowed bad or trolling firebugs to make it impossible for his teammates to land headshots. The P2P network seems surprisingly robust.Overall, I would give the game a try.
ivor_bign	Recommended	460.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197987521999/	Putting small hairy things with shiny helmets into dark holes as deep as they will go.What's not to like?Oh and while it can be fun on your own its definitely more fun with more people present.
Lucifer	Recommended	24.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198117563010/	Add Female dwarf
ForestDragon	Recommended	69.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ForestDragon/	Game of the Year!Rock and Stone, Brother!
BunBun's Secret	Recommended	46.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/xs-142/	Fantastic game
