Redmcdevil	Recommended	52.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Redmcdevil/	Two good things mixed. Warhammer & Total War... and?Nice+Runs smooth+Gameplay different but give lots of fresh fun+Looks and sounds great-Blood & Gore, kill animations emergency needed :)
Jureonable	Recommended	20.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198025851477/	Time to purge
Chicken Nuggerless Child	Recommended	41.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ricksroll/	Played as Dwarfs, all units died except my lord. Lord proceeds to kill the other teams remaining 5 units and their lord. Wins. 10/10 would 1 nut clutch again.
Constantine XI	Recommended	373.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198069195621/	Total War : WARHAMMER combines all the best aspects of the past total wars and makes one great game. The Warhammer fantasy setting is less restricting to gameplay since it does need to be historically accurate. Each race in the game is truly unique and has their own mechanics, so If I want to do another playthrough of the game it does not feel like i'm just playing a reskin of another faction. The quest and loot systems add fun new mechanics to help make gameplay diverse and interesting. Diplomacy seems a lot better than past games , as AI is now willing to accept deals if your friendly with them for the most part. AI will now declare war on you if they don't like you, it doesn't matter your strength.This creates a greater need to play smart diplomatically and you can't just steam roll over factions. The only thing I kinda have a problem with is how the game reduces unit sizes depending on your graphics settings, so it was a bit annoying trying to figure out why my units were only at 30 in size when other people played with 120 soldiers in a unit. Overall this is a great addition to the Total War franchise.  I would highly recommend to any fan of fantasy or Total War games. 9/10
Serial Polygamist	Recommended	9.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/laboge/	great m9
Ethan	Recommended	432.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/simon_seng/	One of the best Total War games yet. May even be better than Shogun!! Each race has a completely different unique feeling than the other. Looking forward to new races and heroes being added aswell!
G00N3R	Recommended	53.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197969417125/	Total War Warhammer combines the established Total War gameplay, with the lore and themes of the Warhammer universe. There are two main phases of gameplay. There’s the campaign map, where you manage towns and cities, upgrade buildings to improve your economy and civilian happiness, train armies and move them around the map to defend your empire and attack your enemies. And there’s the battlefield, where you control armies containing thousands of units in real time combat. But whereas previous Total War games focused on real life historical conflicts, this game features Humans, Dwarves, Elves, Beastmen, Orcs, Goblins and Vampires.This is the third Total War game that I’ve played, following Shogun 2 and Rome 2. I’m certainly not an expert at strategy games, so I can’t really give an in depth analysis of top level tactics. And my only previous experience with the Warhammer franchise is the Space Marine 40K game, so I can’t comment on how accurately this represents the lore. What I am, is a guy who likes playing good games. And this is a really good game. By far the best Total War game I’ve played.The number one reason that I enjoyed playing TWW is the AI, which is fantastic. I can’t recall the last time I was this impressed by a video game AI. I can remember countless battles in Shogun 2 or Rome 2 where the enemy would just sit in their castle and wait for me to surround them and attack at my leisure. I can remember occasions where enemy melee units would stand still and let me slowly kill them all with my archers. I can remember auto-resolving several battles where the enemy chose to either attack or defend a town with a severely under-strength army.But in TWW, not only have I not seen the AI do anything stupid like that, its actually capable of finding and punishing my own mistakes. For example, I’ve had several battles where the enemy has drawn my melee warriors forward, exposed my archers, and then hit them with a cavalry charge. I’ve had to learn to keep a couple of melee units back to protect my archers. But even then, the AI is really good at disengaging, circling around and finding a different weak spot. I’ve had to reposition units several times during battles. It might sound totally obvious to strategy experts, but I’ve never had a reason to worry about this stuff before. The AI is forcing me to try to improve my own tactics, to become a smarter player. I’ve just won a battle that the auto-resolve screen said I should lose, because I hid a bunch of swordsmen in a forest, waited for the enemy to go past, and then hit them in the rear. It felt awesome.Each faction has completely different playing styles, which adds to the variety. For example the Vampires can’t use archers or any kind of ranged attacks, so when I fought against them (I played as the Humans who are closer to the traditional Total War playing style) I tried to stay out of melee range for as long as possible. Beastmen can’t control towns, so they can only earn money from attacking and looting their enemies.Diplomacy is also significantly improved over previous games. In Shogun 2, the end game forces everyone to declare war on you, so any alliances are pointless. In Rome 2, the map is so huge that I never actually cooperated with my allies. It was basically just an agreement to not attack me, then forget they exist. In TWW, especially during the end game when the Chaos faction was invading everyone, other Humans and Dwarves actually assisted me, we defended each other’s towns and pushed Chaos back together.Technical performance is fine for me, but I have just upgraded to an i7 6700k, GTX 1080 and 16GB ram, which is well above the recommended specs. When I mentioned to someone at work that I’d been playing TWW, their first reaction was “oh, you’re one of the lucky few who can run the game”, so it might be worth investigating further if you’re closer to the “recommended” spec. For what its worth, I’m mostly above 100 FPS on max settings, and even when the framerate dips into the 50s during the most intense battles, it still feels perfectly smooth.I haven’t noticed any bugs or crashes, and controls are fine with mouse and keyboard. The one thing that I can really complain about is the DLC model. Selling extra factions to play in the campaign for between £5-£13 seems wrong. I don’t really care personally, it took me 25 hours to finish the campaign as the Humans and I’ll most likely do a Dwarf run at some point. But I can imagine a fan of the lore whose favourite faction is the Beastmen or the Elves would be kind of annoyed. Indeed, a quick read through the top rated negative Steam reviews shows this to be the main complaint.I strongly recommend Total War Warhammer, the gameplay is fantastic, I’ve really enjoyed it and the base game is definitely worth a full price purchase.
Beardman	Not Recommended	63.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197970917996/	Greedy money grabbing bstards.All stop and think before you buy the game or even the DLC... 
Sea Legs	Recommended	167.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/blue--cell/	Been playing for 5hrs on high across the board on a i5 3570K 660TI and 8GB ram. No issues whatsoever no framerate drops or crashing or failure to do anything I want to do. Gameplay is great I love the simpler city building (no more sanitation, food or religion) and the heroes really do feel epic. It's the first time in a long time I've been really wowed by a TW game and already had moments when I'm just amazed by the carnage unfolding. I had my doubts before but it runs smoothly, presentation is great and the gameplay is really fun so far. AI is more challenging on normal compared to previous TW games both battles and campaign.If you're on the fence about this one, watch some youtube gameplay videos first and then if you're still interested buy it and if you have technical issues make use of the steam refund policy.
Masters	Recommended	230.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/wac_em/	I don't really do reviews, but i felt like this games deserves one.As a big fan of total war, and i big fan of fantasy this game was a match made in heaven for me. i preordered thios game after seeing various streams i had to get this game. after seeing some reviews i was worried that the game may not work, but to my delight it worked perfectly, all i had to do was wait for everything to load for a while.the game runs like a charm and the new additions brings the game to life. i feel attached to my generals as everyone has their own personality, skills and gear. Collecting gear is good fun, as it adds additional reward to defeating armies in battle. Also collecting gear through quest battles is a lovely addition as it adds a optional objective to the ongoing stuggle of your world. The quests battles are also matched to your current power, so you can get a nice even battle that will truly test your skills.This combined with new units, a new world and much much more creates a fantastic experience for both veteran and new total war players.
valentiino	Recommended	91.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/valentiino/	gameplay10/10nvidia 0/10 
Anxiety PRIME	Recommended	392.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ironwarrior117/	I have been waiting years for this game. ever since i played total war for the first time. If you like one of these things. RTS, Warhammer, Smashing Faces, Being a Vampire, Yelling WAAAAGHH before every action you do, Letting the Darks gods guide you on an unholy crusade to conquer the old world, Having a moustache and lots of muskets, Being short living in mountains and Drinking out of cannons. Then you will enjoy this game.
Bo	Recommended	446.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198006963708/	This♥♥♥♥♥♥is... AWESOME! Best TW game so far. and I've only played for five hours. Visuals are great. Actually a good story for each faction and each character, there usually isn't very good story in TW games but in this one there is. The gameplay is amazing and I just wish I could earn some money and upgrade my ♥♥♥♥♥♥ pc. Had to use my brothers. AI is great too. Got owned by turn number 30 in my first campaign, and im a experienced TW player since rome 1.And if you're complaining about the fps only being around 40 fps. Then it's because its on campaign map. There will come more if you move your army or just do some action or fight battles. You wouldn't even see it's 40 fps if you didn't have it on the top of your screen. It plays alot better than ATILLA.Try it out and if it doesn't suit you, just refund.
YoYopuppet	Recommended	327.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198018630998/	Product received for free
The Gobbo King	Recommended	764.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198064477188/	It's total war. If you liked the other total war games you'll like this. The game has been streamed lined a lot. No more worrying about food or sanitation. The battles are quicker. The only thing you need to watch out for is direct damage spells. If you aren't careful you're leader can get sniped early by the the magic. I've only seen this as a problem when people are unaware of the ability of the other player. Yes there are less factions but those factions are way different. Attilia for example had a lot of overlap between factions not so here. The current 5 factions play completely differently.
Vexxar Al'Hara	Recommended	43.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/vexxar/	I just played this for almost 12 hours non-stop.This is simply the BEST Total War of all.>All the races are unique with their own mechanics, style and unit roster.>The Agents are Heroes here. Not only they can do the usual stuff (assassinate, sow dissent and stuff like that), but now they can JOIN the battle with your army, and are pretty strong!>Amazing Lord and Hero development, where you can choose their equipment, followers, skills, mounts and more.>The battles just look and feel spectacular. The gameplay is delicious.>The game is reallyy accurate to the Warhammer Lore. You can really feel immersed to the Warhammer universe.>The Victory Objectives are not just the usual "capture 20 provinces" and stuff. They actually feel like real objectives. (This may seen a small thing, but to me it's really good which motivates me to complete the Grand Campaign.)And a lot of other things other people may already mentioned... xDIn a few words: BUY THIS NOW.
Tobe	Recommended	257.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198004419812/	My favourite Total War game yet
Zoetrope	Recommended	458.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/efrimblack/	I want to recommend this to everyone but I am aware that the audience for this game is actually quite narrow. Total War and Grand Strategy fanatics may find it too thin and shallow, Warhammer fans may find it too slow and tedious (or not gory enough - this I would agree with even with blood and gore on). Still, for me it's the best of both worlds and while I don't always agree with how they balance units or tech - workshop support ensures that tabletop fanatics can disseminate their brands of crazy in the form of Lorehammer or Warhammer Revival. I am generally more of a 40k fan, but given that the only really great strategy game for that universe is DOW and I'm not entirely sold on the direction the series is going... well. You take what you can get. Frankly I am mostly excited for the overall vision of this planned trilogy. In theory the next two games will each add another continent with its own races and mechanics. Each game will be standalone, but if you have more than one they will all fold together into one grand campaign. I will dutifully come back and change my review if it fails to live up to expectations, but after 200 hours I can happily recommend this game on its own.For those looking for more Tabletop like rules, Lorehammer has been the main standby series of mods. I am currently keeping an eye on the brand new Warhammer Revival mod series. If anyone knows of better lore-based mods for this game not hosted on the workshop please let me know in comments. <3 
Helvite	Recommended	211.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/helvite/	Really addictive game! Been playing Total War since the fist Rome game came out and this game really changed it all with heroes and magic!
Ellye	Recommended	52.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Ellye/	Still at the beginning of a Dwarven campaign, but so far it looks like it might be the best Total War game to date. Lots of interesting subsystems that interact nicely with each other, oozing with flavor (even though I tend to prefer historical settings, Warhammer Fantasy works great here), and apparently a lot of depth.
Ellye	Recommended	52.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Ellye/	Still at the beginning of a Dwarven campaign, but so far it looks like it might be the best Total War game to date. Lots of interesting subsystems that interact nicely with each other, oozing with flavor (even though I tend to prefer historical settings, Warhammer Fantasy works great here), and apparently a lot of depth.
Uncle Clint	Not Recommended	395.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198022686836/	The game is great and i´ve had loads of fun so far.BUTHas someone lost their minds or why is it suddenly on sale for 60€? I´m pretty sure it was a lot cheaper just a few weeks ago. Even TW:WH2 is cheaper right now. And the DLC policy makes this an utterly shameful cash-grab.Shame on you, shame shame shame!
Guiscard	Not Recommended	55.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/clonegeld/	I cannot recommend this game in good conscience. CA lurches from one controversy to the next; from Day 1 DLC (a Chaos faction pre-order that was later parcelled into a dlc release), to charging for blood textures, to greedy dlc policy, to installing Red Shell spyware (Check comments - a more precise label would be an analytics tracker. Inflammatory language aside, I still think this should be disclosed. Thanks to CA_Matthew for the clarification) with most of their games. Sega might have been giving the orders, but CA pulled the trigger, and I have a hard time supporting such a business model.It's a shame, because the game itself is great. Continuing their recent trend, CA has simplified the strategic campaign map, to focus on delvering a better tactical battle experience. In that aspect, they have succeeded: each of the 5 base factions are unique and challenging in their own way with diverse and lore-friendly unit rosters, supported by a strong battle magic mechanic. On the campaign screen, individual campaigns feel a bit thin and directionless by comparison, and your agent and building options are limited compared to older titles. Overall, it would have been a fantastic product.
Garrett	Recommended	54.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SomeGuyNamedGarrett/	I absolutely recommend this game. TW:W is the most bug-free TW game-launch that comes to memory (keep in mind I saw my first launch with E:TW). It runs at a silky-smooth 60fps on the Ultra preset, even in large battles. However, like any TW game, it starts to slow down (30fps)when you zoom in really close to watch the cool action. Keep in mind, my rig has an i7-3770k, a GTX 980Ti, 16GB of RAM, and the game is installed on an SSD, far beyond the recommended 60fps+ spec. The minimum spec, however, is a Core2Duo and a GTS450 for 15-20fps on low.I'll start with the basics:This game has all the familiarity of a Total War game in the awesome setting of the Warhammer universe. You'll soon be forgetting that there are only 6 playable factions because they are so unique, and require a different playstyle depending on your opponent. Sure, Rome 2 had 10-15 playable factions, but were the 5-6 Gaulic tribes really that different? Every faction is extremely unique, except Bretonia. I think Bretonia is just there as a placeholder? The battles are more satisying than ever before. It's like the Third Age mod taken to the extreme. Watching Empire cavalry smash thru zombie ranks or watching the armoured giants fight dwarfen infantry is the most satisfying battle-experience I've ever had in any TW game, ever.No experience with the campaign yet :( Will edit when I do.Multiplayer is good right now, everyone is learning their comfort zone and is new, even vets to the series.In short, this is worth the $60 price tag.
S.K. Five	Recommended	304.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/sk5sk5sk5/	Im in no means a TW veteran but i feel like i have enough hours to justify a review (over 80 when writing) and i have played almost every Total War so here we go. Overall the game is very good and stands out from the rest of the TW games due to its unique fantasy setting. Although Sega continues with its "stupid" DLC policy, in this case you are getting your moneys worth compared to the other Total Wars.All of the factions feel unique and have a different way to play. Replayability is a little bit worse as every faction has very specific goals and because you cant occupy settlements by most other races. This can be fixed with mods though but i like to keep the game as vanilla as possible. The tiny lack of replayability is countered by the difference between factions, all of them play different in the campaign map as well as in battle. Theres alot of variation between armies and it makes every battle stand out well. Managing your faction on the campaign map is also a lot less complicated which is a good thing for newer players. You dont need to worry about sanitation or food reserves anymore, which i like.Battle maps look as beautiful as ever. Everyone of them is handcrafted which makes them stand out. Micromanagement has been turned down a bit, which i dont mind as you already have enough on hand, that you barely have enough time to watch the magnificient clashing of armies. Animations are beautiful and it just looks awesome seeing a giant stomping a pile of dwarfs. Controlling your units feels responsive and easy.  Only problem with the AI i have encountered is that even when the AI is defending with a large army, it usually feels the need to rush you, which i dont see why. Another thing is that when you are laying siege to a city, the AI seems to just send more troops to the walls everytime you kill them with artillery, it makes siege battles extremely easy if you are bringing alot of good artillery.In the campaign the AI doesnt seem to cheat much and it feels like it actually gets hurt economically when you raze or sack one of its cities. The new confederation option is very nice as it lets you gain your allys lands and armies without any bloodshed. The campaign map also seems to have alot more of strategic settlement locations, which makes you actually think of what settlements to conquer.The DLC is a bit pricey but if you have the money to buy them, its not going to waste. Each of the expansions offer alot for their varying price, like a story driven mini campaign on top of a race for the more expensive ones. CA has done a great job by actually releasing good Free-LC like the recent Bretonnia expansion. The base game has enough content to keep you around for hundreds of hours and if you do decide to throw down some extra coin, you will get its worth, although i do agree that the DLC prices should be knocked down a bit. So preferably wait until they are on sale.Overall the game is very good and definetly an improvement over Attila which had its charm but definetly its flaws too. If you are new to the series i would recommend you picking this up as its alot less complicated than something like Attila.
Potion Seller	Recommended	83.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198004664351/	Game is tons of fun but the DLC practice is pretty scummy.  Despite that I've still enjoyed the game and it's been a blast playing a total war game in a fantasy setting.
Solodric	Recommended	406.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Solodric/	TL;DR, the game misses a few features from older Total Wars and has a broken magic system (get Cataph's excellent tabletop magic mod to fix that), but despite that is an absolutely fantastic strategy game I would recommend to anyone. The campaign is consistently intense and interesting, and each faction feels like a game unto themselves, so it's both a great experience and highly replayable.Those who aren't familiar with Total War may wish to skip to the next paragraph. For those familiar with Total War, this game iterates heavily on the series. The combat is paced differently, as units now have health which must be reduced over time (which means certain tactics like raining arrows on a charging unit to thin their numbers won't work if they're at full health), but untis attack and succeed at attacks much more often, so melees tend to resolve at around the same pace. This is by far the most balanced Total War game in the series, in terms of campaign play; you are likely to face off against armies equal or greater than your own in nearly every battle, simply because the AI tries to have full stacks on every border as often as possible. Tactics also matter to an even greater degree than previous titles; I've managed clutch victories where the balance of power was entirely red (visibly entirely against me) for autoresolution, by using highly specific unit matchups and terrain tactics. There's no naval combat, but the land combat is better than ever, the city assault battles are fast-paced and intense, and the campaign creates interesting situations and narratives requiring far greater attention than any other game in the series. Last but not least, the factions are diverse enough that each one is sort of like a different game unto itself; TW factions have never different mechanically as much as they do here.For those unfamiliar with Total War, this series has real-time tactical battles where you command large numbers of soldiers, and those battles play a role in the turn-based grand-strategy map layer. In Total Warhammer, terrain plays a huge role, as your soldiers can't see through hills or forests; scouting is very important, and there are many clever strategies that abuse this line-of-sight mechanic. In addition, the game uses physics simulation in combat; arrows fly ballistically, and if they don't physically collide with a soldier, they accomplish nothing. Likewise, charging into combat will knock enemies over, and downhill charges are much faster and have more force behind them than uphill charges; units also have a 'mass' rating, which determines how hard they hit in charges (and how well they resist them). Flanking, focus-fire, unit matchup (armor piercing weapons vs. heavily-armored units, for instance), stealth, superior terrain use, and similar tactics are basically what determines victory on the battlefield.Total Warhammer also has a magic mechanic, but most of the magic in the game is just north of utterly useless. In an attempt to patch the game and 'balance' it, Creative Assembly have nerfed most of the magic into the ground, and there are several spells that are highly buggy (such as Golden Hounds) and effectively do nothing because the game engine isn't sure what they should be doing to certain units. Others (such as Winds of Death) are buggy both ways; some units are unaffected, and others instantly die, due to buggy physics. Cataph has made a mod (available on the Steam Workshop) which makes the magic work more like tabletop (meaning it's far more useful and interesting, and every spell actually has some kind of reason for existing), and I unequivocally recommend it; in fact, without it, I would definitely hold the magic system as a mark against this otherwise great game.There are no naval battles in this game, which stands out as odd when you get into an engagement on the water (which is a rare and avoidable circumstance; few players will even run into it). It does stand out as a mark against the game's polish, which I hope the developers will eventually address.Strategy-wise, this game offers a great deal of depth and meaningful choice - the core of any strategy game, in my opinion. How you build up your settlements, configure your armies, level up your heroes and generals, and conduct your wars are all very meaningful decision-points, and there is no 'wrong' choice - only a wrong combination of choices which leads to defeat. In other words, every level-up option (except the magic, without the mod) is highly useful/viable, every building serves an important purpose for a particular playstyle, and every army composition has a potential use-case, but you must make sure your choices synergize and match your current challenges. It's folly to challenge the Dwarfs (sic) - masters of artillery and tough mixed melee/ranged units - to a war while you are engaged on other fronts, and have only an army of archer-cavalry to deploy against them; while mounted archers can eviscerate an all-melee army, the Dwarfs will blast it to pieces casually. That's an example of the kind of decision-making the game will demand of you, though on lower difficulties you can afford many mistakes and still have an engaging experience that ultimately concludes in victory.The campaign is extremely well-paced; no matter which faction you play as, it consistently confronts you with varied and meaningful challenges that will test you in ways you haven't considered before. The Empire must face rebels and wandering foes at first, but quickly finds themselves tested by vampires - and eventually, other foes invade them as well. There's never a dull moment (or if there is, you will find yourself quick to sieze on it and use it to build up your forces) in a typical campaign, as the factions of the game will constantly try to keep you in check and are fairly intelligent in their moves, outflanking you and attacking undefended cities when you present them with the chance. In addition, the challenges faced differ greatly depending on your faction (and which leader you choose for that faction), so every playthrough is a very different experience.
tcunningham85	Not Recommended	38.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198031370861/	I really think Total War has largely lost its way since the Medieval and Rome Total Wars. Many of the "improvements" make the game clunkier and less fun overall. I think this will be the last Total War game I buy, which is a shame because I've been a huge fan of the series.
Stiepan	Recommended	85.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198121455245/	well first of all, the game is very expensive and the entire game functions as an dlc for warhammer 2 momentairly well gotta say that is really overpriced, but still it's worth every penny ;)
PandemoniumXIII	Recommended	114.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198030514629/	Had No problems on at All, smooth gameplay and No performance issues. Great game
Markav	Not Recommended	111.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198106364646/	Pros:-Warhammer Universe-Easy to pickup if you're a newcomer to the Total War Series-Small Variety of new units and mechanics to Total War-Expanded General and Hero systems-Modding community fixes most of the basic shortcommings. (Conquer Anywhere Mod)Cons:-Lacks a ton of depth. Lots of mechanics from classic Total War are now gone.-Only two true "religions", Chaos and Vampirism. Both of which can just be mitigated and don't massivley affect your gameplay.-Unit management is very dumbed-down from other titles.-DLC is stupidly expensive. ($15 for a single-faction. Really? And it's just another Horde Faction too. The only real work went into modling them.)I'd reccomend the Base Game, if you TRULY love the Warhammer Universe. Otherwise, you're not missing much skipping out on this Total War Title.
Pete	Not Recommended	13.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198049680409/	I Love total war gamesI like warhammerand I enjoy this game. What I hate is being consistently conned out of my money for what should be basic content.
Henry With An Eye	Recommended	564.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198026013756/	This is a really refreshing game as far as the Total War series is concerned! I was initially concerned by them going in the Warhammer direction, but my fears no longer exist. It is such a nice feeling to send your hero unit into battle and watch the mayhem he creates. It reminds me a little bit of Sauron just destroying units, except it's not Sauron but Karl Franz!They improved a lot as far as cavalry is concerned, too. It used to always be a little disappointing to me in previous games when a cavalry charge would just fail because the enemy turned his units just on time. Now Cav has weight, and units WILL go flying even when prepared. Also no more of that "if one unit is engaged the whole cavalry stops and turns back" BS.Spells are fun to use as well. Seriously powerful, but not completely OP.The campaign is actually really intelligently done, too. When I first heard that say the Empire could only take occupy other human settlements and Vampire Count settlements, I was a little concerned. But it turns out it is really a smart move because now every campaign will automatically feel different, since you will be settling in different regions completely-ish.I had stopped enjoying Total War games since Shogun 2. However, I can now finally say that this is no longer the case. Bottom line, this game is great, and I highly recommend it! Oh and you don't need to be a big Warhammer fan to enjoy the game. I barely know anything about it, yet I am having a blast! I am sure it helps, but I don't think you will miss serious story-altering facts (yes, I realize Warhammer fans now think I'm a giant moron... I'm okay with that).
Ara (Wresdan)	Not Recommended	447.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/giles_ara/	Total War and Warhammer, two properties I have been a fan of and participant of for many many years finally coming together in what should have been a glorious spectacle of fantasy battle the likes of which has never been seen.Before I say any more, I like this game.  I have played it through with each race and enjoyed it very much.  I have also spent many hours modding it.  It's a decent game, very playable.However, despite putting out a decent game it has a lot of issues in terms of lore, missing content and scope.  The Warhammer side of things is largely very good, apart from characters not starting where they should and iconic units missing from the game.  Oh and a smaller campaign map than there should have been although it is very playable.  Quests are great, the sytle and feel of the game is awesome and the graphics are excellent.On a Total War side the game is basically an arcade version of Total War.  It lacks many features from previous titles and fails to improve on functionailty that after this long really should not still be so lacking.  Diplomacy being the biggest bugbear in this case.  Campaign map AI is also terrible, with it's agent spam and mm perfect movement prediction meaning it literally avoids your armies the entire game.CA in their wisdom have stripped down Total War into a graphical masterpiece and are now relying on two things, the modding community and DLC.Releasing Day 1 mods to placate a community not happy with design choices is bad practice by anyones standards.  relying on the mod community to fix AI, provide lore based extra units, fix battle speed and generally make the game replayable is just poor developing.  Despite running a good dozen mods of my own and other peoples I still have not played the game in a few weeks as I feel there is nothing new to do.  The campiagn barrely lasts 8 hours once you know how to play, and harder difficulties add little to the fun other than huge bonuses for the ai, not more competant gameplay.And then to the DLC.  CA, SEGA and GW seem to think that we are made of money.  Despite the outcry over the day 1 Chaos DLC they have further insulted their fanbase with a near $20 DLC pack for a single, not overly popular, racepack.  They say it's related to the content however there is in no way anything like 33% of the content of the main game included in this race pack (that's also missing units) so I can't see how that's a valid argument.  At full price the current game costs $90 already, and that's only including 6 of the 16 warhammer races.  I simply cannot recommend a game that is, in my mind, so incomplete and under-developed at this stage.  Wait unti a sale, but even $45 is a lot for a game that has another two volumes, multiple race packs and STILL isn't a full total war game.Quick Comparison.Main Game.150+ Region Campaign Map8 Legendary Lords4 Playable RacesChaos EventHuge number of Campaign Battle MapsAll Mechanics for GameBeastmen DLC52 Region Campaign Map2 Legendary Lords1 Playable RaceNo additional grand Campiagn EventsMini Campiagn with Just 1 Playable LL and Race and only 2 Races total.A few new Ambush MapsNo new mechanicsI simply cannot see any way in which CA can claim this DLC took 33% of the same cost to produce as the main game...it's just nonsense.
Player 1	Recommended	488.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/gavin5/	Is Sega's DLC policy out of control? Yes. Is this a great Total War game? Absolutely! I would say, ignore all of the complaints about DLC prices (although I agree they have merit) and get this game if you are a fan of Total War or Warhammer, or just want a good strategy game! Optimization is great, lots of replayability, and lots of character.
Ranald	Not Recommended	283.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198025315292/	Better then Rome 2 and Atilla. Worse then Shogun 2. A faithful warhammer game bogged down by DLC, cut content and simplifying sieges. While I enjoy the game it's kind of like two steps forward and one step backwards.  Yeah that's pretty much the best way to call it. Two steps forward, one step back. Wait for a sale unless you are a diehard warhammer fantasy fan.
Athos	Recommended	147.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198019300588/	Definitely the most polished total war release to date, a solid 9/10 at release. Pros: - All the races have extremely different rosters and play styles that keep you interested in the game for much longer than a normal total war title (I usually find different nations have rosters that are very similar in normal total war games).- The lore is interesting and at times funny- Battles are flawless and the flying units are pretty cool.Cons: I feel like the Chaos hordes arrive too quickly in the campaign, maybe if they came in at around turn 100 it'd be better.All in all i'm looking forward to expansions of this game, should be interesting.
Steve Irwin The Lizard Hunter	Recommended	111.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198004154344/	Alright lets get down to buisness.Many, MANY, people are giving this game negative reviews because of the DLC plan. What they do not realise that is that beastmen and elfs were not even supposed to be in this game, and if they were gonna be in from launch the game would have to be delayed again. At the core this game is great, set in the epic world of warhammer fantasy, a world of dwarves, elves, rat people, and monstrosities only created by nerds from the 80's. While the game lacks some features from previous total war games, it makes up for with the battles and universe. They ramped it up to 11 with the combat in this game, with dragon's, lasers made of magic, and giant Dragon Orgres. The Campaign map is pretty much like a total war game (except for the stances) minus some features like tax management and others. There are 5 (free) races in the game right now, each of which are unique in their own way. The other paid factions, Chaos, Beastmen, and Elves are also very unique and fun. There are also paid unit packs, which add new legendary lords and special factions to the mix. As I stated earlier people are giving this game a bad rep for the DLC plan, personally, its fine to me, I know the limited amount of starting factions is a little offputting to some, but once you get into this game, its like crack.
Dale	Not Recommended	43.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/diddlydale/	No I will not give this a positive review, the game is okay, the prices and practices to sell the DLC are bad and corrupt.I am ashamed of you CA and Sega.
terrymcgrady	Recommended	9.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/terrymcgrady/	Better than Rome II. But it still doesn't explain the game mechanics well enough. Chaos evading is kind of frustrating. I mean using endless respawning to increase the difficulty is a very lazy game design.
Giggles_the_Goat	Not Recommended	59.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198119526906/	I would recommend this game, aside from a few critical points:AI is cheaty and frustrating. I just love chasing the same army for 6 turns because it has 1% more movement range than I do.Hit points. Reducing an enemy unit's health to ~10%  and it still has 95% of its unit models. Routing. There's nothing quite like fighting a 20 stack army in which every unit can rout and return to battle 3+ times. I win battles in 2-3 minutes and spend 10 minutes chasing down, wrapping up, and pulling my hair out. If I wanted to play whack-a-Chaos I'm sure there's some indie title on here for that.Maybe there's a mod for all this.I'm sure some of these mechanics come from the tabletop, and, yes, I should just be happy Warhammer fantasy is in a beautiful game, but I just can't get around this stuff.
dbabin4	Recommended	58.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198018758285/	Currently my favourite game. all 4 of the starting campaigns are varied and fun. Have not tried any of the dlc because theres still so much to do with the original game. Highly Recommend.
PaintedMutt	Not Recommended	212.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198018966876/	I'm sure you've read the many negative reviews, and heres another!The base game is a good Total War game. Its interesting to see the different mechanics of each faction. From the orcs WAAAGH to the Undead's crumbling in battle. It had a lot of potential, and I spent plenty of hours destroying, pillaging and enjoying myself.The modding community is great, there are so many loyal fans of the Warhammer franchise here and it shows. I wish the company would allow the creators to show that kind of love to the game itself.Now to the bad. The DLC. Simply put, the gore should have been in the game for free. Its Warhammer, its suppose to be brutal. The factions, for nearly 18 USD is rediciously, especially with the beastman being essentially another chaos faction with horde mentality. This sort of trend really makes it hard to say 'Grab this game!' when it comes with nearly another twenty dollars stacked onto it. Blood Bowl 2 is giving the first four races away for free, I'm not sure how long that trend will last, but hey I can justify buying more when you show your thanks in that way.TL:DR: Base game is good, grab on sale. DLC is cash grab, boo that. 
Castannon	Not Recommended	92.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/castannon/	The game is fun, Im inexperienced as a TW player but Ive done some illustrations for Warhammer and thought it would be interesting to play this game, it was for a while, but the DLC policy ♥♥♥♥ing sucks, charging for gore in a warhammer game is ridiculous, and the faction DLC's prices are even worse, serious turn off
Galihurst	Not Recommended	26.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/fragmeat/	Had potential, but it is clear they are going to milk everyone pretty hard, i Would avoid and buy a goty ina year or two, right now a uncomplete and barebones games, avoid for now.
The Mike	Not Recommended	53.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198239634148/	It's a good game, however in my opinion, it lacks variety.
Grivenger	Recommended	24.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197990050151/	To counter the people saying  if you have issues you run it on a toaster: the game recommends ultra settings for my rig, yet there seems to be actual technical problems- The game takes a very long time to load when you run it for the first time. (It still loads slowly for me, unless I start in offline mode). - AVOID MULTIPLAYER (MAYBE) for the time being. The menu keeps freezing when I tried it two times. This occurs most likely cause of the network issues at hand due to a busy launch. I have seen other users have the same problem but I am not sure if it is very widespread. Once you get into the game and start a campaign, however, you are quickly introduced to the setting as well as style of gameplay via an opening tutorial. My second battle was also a lot of fun, and the gameplay is what you can expect from a Total War game. Warhammer seems like a good fit for the style of gameplay TW offers.  For newcomers to Warhammer, but veterans of Total War, I'd recommend to try your hand at the Quest Battles, which - as far as I am aware - are 'historical' battles within the Old World. My knowledge isn't vast enough for me to say all of the battles are well-known in the tabletop variant.  Either try the game now, accept some of the early issues, or wait for a patch or two. Don't want too long though - you don't want to end up playing Total War: Age of Sigmar once Games Workshop forces Creative Assembly to nuke the game from orbit in exchange for the new lore ;).EDIT: Changed review based on help from a developer and a comment. Will perhaps update as I play more.
Mitchell-NZ	Recommended	132.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198077518017/	Game runs smooth with no errors or bugs encounted so far. Could potentially be one of the best TW games so far.
Phaze	Recommended	71.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Label1177/	Hatred is spreading. Doom, Fallout 4, and this  have all had there fair share of whippings, but in the end they turn out to be awesome games. Reviews should be viewed by the % of the people that like it, not the grade itself.  I have not seen this elseware, but this has a distinct Lord of The Rings style to it, with orc horns, Tolkeins map style, and the classic but not overdone fantasy that I enjoy. The campaign feels like Civ 5, and it sucks you in with the right amount of depth and choices. As a first Total War game, I am thoroughly enjoying learning and discovering the mechanics. The real time strategy is slow enough that you can make large macro decisions rather than just mico management. This is what seperates it from say Starcraft, which is very fast paced and more about actions per minute. From my first loss, I redid the campaign battle differently, and got a very different outcome. Regarding technical issues, I am running on an i7 3770 3.4 ghz quad core, and a GTX 970. Everything is almost Ultra, and in battle I am about 50 fps, which is fine because of the birds eye view.
JachPot [DTF]	Not Recommended	2.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Potticus/	Their DLC setup is a straight scam. 3 DLC's after the game comes out? We know you ripped content out of the main game and packaged it to make money. 100% regret buying this piece of steaming dog crap.AVOID THIS GAME LIKE THE PLAGUE
Mordecai-DI-	Not Recommended	408.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/nbacon/	I am a long time fan of the Total War series begenning with the first Shogun sixteen years ago. I own every Total war with the exception of Atilla( even having purchased Napoleon despite the fact that it was originally advertised as a free LC for purchasers of Empire because of the terrible condition Empire was released in). In that last seven years fifteen total war games and sizable expansions have been released ( one of them being a free LC I believe as I don't remember buying the Imperator Augustus DLC to Rome 2. Of those I own only two were released in a usable fashion, Shogun 2 and Warhammer. While they still had issues they were not overwhelmingly noticable or impactful to gameplay. So given the track record Warhammer was a last attempt with this company- and by god the early game in particular and the mid game as well are good! The late game suffers and this is definitly a Total War light experience with several core and complicated mechanics removed (presumably) to make the game more accessible. Despite the positives which I can laud for this game I cannot bring myself to reccomend the game to others. I made a mistake in preordering this game. The company is time and again showing a general distrust and ineptitude that I can no longer forgive. This brings me to my final note and the reason why I wrote this review- The dlc strategy of CA / GamesWorkshop. The game released with a faction that had to be paid to use- on top of pricing the game at 60 U.S. Said faction (Chaos) is pretty lackluster as a horde faction with a lacking campaign that results in a hundred turns( or as high as two hundred) doing basically nothing preparing to invade the world at large with ai mechanics for the subjugated factions being... unpolished. This can be reduced by playing on a low difficulty but that should not be a neccesity for a faction. Soon to release will be another DLC faction- A horde faction advertised as having unique mechanics- namely the greenskin/dwarf underway reskinned and no horde infighting. Amazing.  A slew of reskinned chaos units ( some identical ) and an improvement to how the horde handles sacking and looting settlements which should have been included in the Chaos release. For 20 U.S. This is an utter dissapointment for me 1/3rd the price of the game within a scant two months after release for a reskin of an already dlc horde faction. Combined the two dlc factions ( forming fully 50 percent of the initial game race options) will cost 50 percent of the original asking price. 90 Dollars to play the game at full two months after release? Are you kidding me? I am done CA - You have lost me as a consumer of your product - maybe MAYBE if in some steam sale they are reasonably priced I will go for it. I find it much more likely that the combination of a poor sales strategy and customer interaction will result in a dwindling community- even those who would buy the game cheap because they enjoyed the experience of a stolen version will not be touching this mess.  
Wozzbot	Not Recommended	347.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/wozzbot/	A Fantastic game, enjoyed every hour I put in. One of my favourite Total War titles to date even though it's missing some of the franchise's previous mechanics. Now despite the praise, do not buy this game. The DLC policy is vile, Sega know damn well this is their most successful Total War title and are clearly cashing in.- £6 for an additional essential race on launch- £2 for a blood and gore pack- £14 for a new race with a smaller unit rosterI understand how much you want to play but for the sake of this often exploited industry please try to refrain from doing so until Sega stop shafting their customers.In response to everyone defending the ridiculous pricing, the base game costs £40. This includes 4 full races, the grand campaign map, multiplayer, co-op and all underlying systems. The new Race features four reworked units, three units literally just copy & pasted from Chaos and the roster is undersized/ lacking in animations. The icing on the cake is that the new campaign is tiny and doesn't support Co-op play. Also just because the overpriced DLC isn't as overpriced as tabletop doesn't make it ok.Please stop defending corporate because they're not going to defend you.
Tek	Recommended	122.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TekDek/	Despite the DLC practices involved (or maybe in spite of), Total War: Warhammer is a triumph of video gaming in a cynical industry full of squandered potential. In an industry where we get undistilled, weapons grade cancer like Star Wars: Battlefront II, Creative Assembly managed to take Warhammer Fantasy and create a faithful video game adaptation of it. The whole thing is pulled off so well, that it's basically the successor of the tabletop game which Games Workshop - in a bout of drunken idiocy - are abandoning. It's a chance to see all the factions you know and love come to life and actually do battle with their unique armies against eachother in a way that not even overpriced, hand painted tabletop miniatures can emulate and it's simply glorious. From the very moment you enter the main menu, you're presented with inspiring music as you select your faction and leader - mini cinematic playing in a window to give a feel of the character you chose and set the mood further - and are given their lore. Each faction has a unique flavor while on the campaign map and has access to their completely unique roster of army units to fight with in the semi-realtime battles. This means that as long as your interest in the core gameplay holds, you're in for a MASSIVE amount of replay value. It's to be noted that this even serves to take the Total War franchise itself to a whole new level as well, as previous games basically all had the same armies with mostly just statistical differences, while Warhammer actually allows for such drastic differences between races as Vampires who command reanimated undead armies that are immune to the whole "morale" mechanic that causes squads to run away when they think they're getting wrecked as well as a completely new layer of Magic systems in the game. Of course, the game is not without it's faults. DLC shenanigans aside, there is a case to be made about how monotone the AI can be in the campaign map, with the non-player factions being entirely victims of circumstance and lacking any sort of real nuance. For example, the Empire is handicapped due to starting off fighting against seccessionist, beastmen and orks - with a tide of Chaos Warriors raining down upon them from the north later on - which means that essentially the only time you'll see the Empire become... well.... an EMPIRE as opposed to a joke, is when you play them yourself, with the only real varying factor in their NPC-controller destiny is what difficulty you're playing on. Overall, the pros outweigh the cons and this game is just kickass. It is to Warhammer Fantasy what Dawn of War 1 was to Warhammer 40k - if not better. Get it and don't skip directly to 2.
grimlek	Not Recommended	143.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198013399343/	I am a huge total war fan and I love the warhammer lore but the dlc for any of the total war games is ridiculous. This will be the last total war game I buy until after 2 to 4 years after release and its on sale. Creative Assembly is hurting their fan base more than anything.Overall great game: lacks alot of the races found in warhammer but I guess we will be charged heavily to get all the races.
Monkeyking	Recommended	36.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198088233561/	Awesaome
matty92	Recommended	398.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198005767689/	Great game well done creative assembly after the nightmare that was Rome 2 this is a very welcome.
mrgarethrichards	Not Recommended	150.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198035362014/	Basically ♥♥♥♥ you CA for ripping off your costomer base. DLC is a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥trick, but you dont care as everyone is doing it. lol iI remember the days games used to come in a cardboard box and where tested and worked and a expansion was worth paying £20 for. you dont even see that you are killing your own industry. shame!
MishaMaus	Not Recommended	144.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198093646323/	It is a solid TW game,but it is waaay overpriced,and with all possible DLC extensions,the final price will be at least 200 euros !!!
2t g7	Not Recommended	232.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198149682965/	i would not recommend this game only because it gets boring fast. Attila i have played for 600 hours. I have only played 90 with warhammer and probably wont play it again. good game but not for the money and the dlc is a way for them to just make money
Váli	Recommended	167.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/LIVIORanger/	This game...is brilliant, i am playing as the orcs and am struggling against full high level dwarven armies, the enemy are all over and it is intense, more tactial than i though it was, the units are diverse and well made, i love it and i think i will get several hundred hours of gameplay.only problem with it is the set up and stuff, it took several tries to get it working, but when i did get it working, i loved it!
Monkeyking	Recommended	36.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198088233561/	Awesaome
matty92	Recommended	398.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198005767689/	Great game well done creative assembly after the nightmare that was Rome 2 this is a very welcome.
Pwnus Maximus	Not Recommended	128.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197983180802/	♥♥♥♥♥♥ DLC packs. Looking like "EVOLVE"
nu11	Not Recommended	25.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/shinonome_nano/	Absolutely ridiculous DLC policy.
Jair Bolsonaro	Recommended	149.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198054145322/	After Rome 2 I was incredible skeptical of the future of Total War games but this one was the best of the franchise in years. The battles are epic (even though the constant routing and coming back is ridiculous but that can easily be changed) and the sound work is just amazing, the beasts sound and look terrifying, as they should. The AI is capable of effectivily fighting siege battles thanks to the changes made which were also awesome.The whole concept of the game genre was made for fantasy, anxious to see what will come next.9.5/10
z007austin007	Not Recommended	313.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198033385296/	Really Bad texture BugSmall purple squaires all around campain map, and huge black and purple squares in battles.How do I fix?Heres a ScreenShothttps://docs.google.com/document/d/1cgmnG1O8ZU8QFapEkwj-LsLckvtLzWcox04ymrUxqbo/edit 
SleepyNarwhalz	Recommended	1,330.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198056778335/	Hello everyone :) Today I will be tring to give a full honest review of TW: W The Good  Performance:  First off let me say that my computer is good but it definetly isn't the best. So when I booted this up I expected mabye 40 FPS on high. What I got though was around 50-60 fps on ultra. Campaign:  The campaign is great, you truly feel that every race is uniqe and they all play quite differently. As someone who usually played legendary on other TW games this one provided a new challenge to me and I had to bump it down to hard after my first few attempts as the greenskins.  Large Units/Magic:  These guys are amazing. It feels incredible to send in a giant spider as your line is crumbling or using your hero's flame spiral to destroy theirs. You can really feel they power of each spell, or eachstomp as they tear into the enemy. Battle:  The battles in TW W absolutely stun me. From towering giants to shambling zombies I feel like the devs had a dream, and they fulfilled that dream. Everything feels so well balanced and the units look amazing. Lords:  Having quests and skill trees is really great. It makes everything feel very open ended and allows large amounts of replayability. The Bad  Bugs:  Playing through the game your going to find bugs. Lots of them. Most of these will be fixed within a few weeks but it must be included. So far I haven't found any gamebreaking bugs but that doesn't mean they aren't there. Performance (Again):  As said previously I have great performance. However loads of people are saying that they get terrible FPS so make sure to look into whether or not your comp can run it. Multiplayer  If its possible I think that the MP might have gotten worse since Attila. There are less options (Time of day, attacker direction, world map) and it crashes occasionally. And The Misc  Arcade  Now, I'm not saying that this is a bad thing, but it must be included that the battles are much faster then in any previous TW game.  Economy  Since Attila all aspects like food/sanitation have been removed. Personally I hated the way Attila handled it but for those who like managing cities I just wanted to let you know.Do you guys think I covered everything well? If not leave a comment and I will include it in the review.
CMDR Herne	Recommended	70.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198071305138/	I wouldn't say this is the best ever Total War game in the series. But Total War and Warhammer are a good match made for each other Weak campaign mechanics compared to older titles mar what is otherwise a fun game.If you like Warhammer it's well worth checking The Begining of the End Times mod for Med2?Kingdoms. A very good alternative to this and Total Warhammer 2
Refueled	Recommended	17.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Refueled/	TONS OF FUN. smooth, good graphics, DIFFICULT as hell though. great ovberall game, jsut extremely time consuming
recci	Not Recommended	39.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197963522879/	Greed is bad man. Sin and so forth. dont support it. Base game is good but wait for sales before getting it. Dont throw them your money. Still cashing with dlcs, getting them on sales too
briantant	Not Recommended	163.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198064833981/	No more DLC.  Will not purchase any future titles
Mr.White(TMPC)	Recommended	166.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/yeheheboii/	Total War™: WARHAMMER® A new entry to this series.this time it's not about history but the wonderful world of warhammer, it gives it a different vibe. Now you can use thing like flying mounts and magic which changes the gameplay quite a bit.I always wanted a fantasy total war game so i stepped on the hype train, and i've got to say this game is amazing in every aspect: it has nice graphics( even good fps on my little GtX 960) the gameplay is also amazing, watching 2 big army's clash is just amazing.But there are some drawbacks such as the lack of races, pre-order dlc and the upcoming 10002031203090129 dlc that CA(SEGA) is gonna release, but non the less it doesn't make it a bad game.I think Total War™: WARHAMMER® truly deserves its name.If your a fan off total war or warhammer i fully recommend you to buy it!This was my review of Total War™: WARHAMMER® have a nice day.
The Extra Chromosome	Not Recommended	135.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198041395174/	too much dlc
[THoA] Ailander	Not Recommended	242.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198007533586/	All in all,is a good game,really.The warhammer lore is just as i remembered in the edition before age of sigmar (and that i love it),the game mechanics are more easy than predecessors (that's a bit annoying in the long term,but still enjoyable) and the multiplayer part was fun (with a bit of flaws,but still ok).So maybe you're asking,why i'm saying "do not buy this game"?they are too greedythey didn't add much factions in the main story and now try to charge a lot of money for the dlcs (18 for ONE faction? really?).I buyed the game at 50 bucks thx to an offer, and enjoyed it, but if they keep releasing dlc with 1 thing at time,they'll never see me buy anything for this game again...maybe the high elves dlc because i really liked that army,but is a huge maybe.
D0GGYSTYL3	Not Recommended	396.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198008656508/	Game is good, dlc are way to expensive in total 120 euro for a game, the developers are to greedy and should be treated accordingly.
Sminky	Not Recommended	610.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/getliffe/	Arguable the best Total War in the series. Having played them all over the years. Improved AI and streamlining of certain needed game mechanics makes it incredible enjoyable. HOWEVER.....Their DLC is incredible agressive in how it's  implimented. Options to buy DLC are all over the menus. It makes it feel almost like a well polished Mobile Free 2 Play game.  Although there are only 4 playable factions in vanilla they are fantastically diverse and overall give more varity then having 12+ slightly different factions.I feel faction wise they give you enough at Vanilla. But the additional campaigns, Blood (in a Warhammer game), are all chopped out for DLC, along with anything else not 'core'. The additional factions are also very expensive for what they are, and seeing as they are in the game as non playable factions.I'm not opposed to buying DLC, and spending more on a game thats doing it's own thing which can only be sold to the PC market. Thats the price i guess for Sega to keep footing the bill. But i feel that with Warhammer are just being far , far, to greedy.In short, wait a few years and get it all cheep in a sale.
Vividnightmare	Recommended	9.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197960912290/	$12 on Humble Bundle, totally worth it. DLC can bite me. But this is the future us old people tried to warn everyone about back in the day when DLC was just being introduced. Almost like us old guys aren't so crazy after all huh kids?
OmegaOm	Not Recommended	9.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198030796506/	Great Game.  Just money grabbing.  They split the MP community by releasing warhammer 2 a year later, instead of upgrading one.  And they closed the forums so you cant hear people complain.So to all, since we can not complain in the forum Post negative review here, so as to discorage more from buying the game.
Lord of Raw	Recommended	221.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/LordOfRaw/	THE game, along with my disappointment over the current console generation, that inspired me to upgrade from my old A6 powered laptop and build my first gaming PC. My only regret is that I didn't do it sooner. Total War is up there as one of my favorite game series, Warhammer + 40k are my favorite fictional universes. Thankfully, CA have done a good job of bringing the two together and continue to improve on the base game with some decent DLC (except the blood/gore one, this really should have been part of the base game + Beastmen is overpriced). While the game has its issues (legendary lords are way too OP (even given the source material), AI is missile unit heavy, many overworld and diplomacy exploits...); it runs great, can be really challenging (I now save scum on EVERY turn + before EVERY battle) and is just a fun nerdy time sink.   Total War + Warhammer = Total War: Warhammer - does exactly what is says on the tin.
𝘔𝘢𝘭𝘢𝘬𝘢𝘴	Recommended	17.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Jola98/	Once upon a time, Gork n' Mork was smashin each otha up goodDen Gork sed "HEY MORK"An mork sed "WOHT" smashin up a mountain reel good when he dun itDen Gork sed "YOU'S SO KUNNIN? I BET YE WON'T BEST ME AT DE MOS'KUNNIN GAME OF DEM ALL!"Mork den clobbered "IM GOOD CUZ HE'S BROOTUL TOO, AN SED "I'S SMASH YA GOOD AT WHATEVA YA DO, YA GIT"Den Gork wuz akchuly' behined Mork all a'lon (cuz he's kunnin too) an sed "DA GAME IS...GET FUKD"Gork smashed Mork bottom cuz he brootal and more kunnin den mork!AND DEN DA ORKZ WAS BORN! WAAAAAGH! 
Mr Macaroni	Recommended	89.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ProphetJebus/	I fought with my 1 army against 3 chaos armies. (Archaon, Sigvald and so beaked♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥I prayed to Sigmar and he smiled backWith 200 men remaining + Karl, the battle was won and was Chaos was defeated10/10 would pray to Sigmar IRL again
ShadowAssassin94	Recommended	218.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198081383107/	The best Total war game to date. The heroes are amazing addition, adding new possiblities to strengthen ones strategy. Magic is also perfectly balanced in the mix. 10/10
Meric Zo Paul	Recommended	373.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198154840993/	It was a good break from all the historic total war games, but they do need more factions to play as well as a rework on multiplayer like they did in shogun 2 which let you make your own general and army (that was cool).Overall i would rate this total war a 7 out of 10.
Colonial Marine	Recommended	65.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198073508055/	Great game only thing im waitng for now is the blood and gore dlc 
Regi	Recommended	39.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/regips/	Amazing mix of Total War and Warhammer. The game has problem with performance in the later stages as in the previous versions. Perfect for fans of the series.Dwarf power! :D
TheWonderous	Recommended	108.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198010944731/	After sinking many hours into all Total War games over a period of years, I think it's safe to say I was rather excited to see this come out. Though the recent installments in the TW series have left a sour taste in my mouth (Rome 2 and Attila to be exact) I remained hopeful that this would hark back to TW roots, and was not disappointed. The factions are all vasty different, offering completely unique and diverse units to play around with. The mechanics that each faction have are different, ensuring that no play through shall ever be the same as another. While I dislike some of the mechanics (Orc Waaagh! for one) that is only down person playstyle. The game itself is graphically beautiful, from campaign to battle map and unit models. Loading the AI turns, something that Rome 2 took way too long to do and Attila was awful for, is now almost instantaneous and back to Medieval 2's precedent. The fact that your heroes or "Lords" have a vast array of gear and options to take while levelling up can really change the tide of a battle, which I enjoy a lot more than a simple King/General with randomly generated stats and talents.Overall, I really feel this is a step in the right direction for the TW series and shows that they are able to step away from the historical based games and into fantasy very seamlessly, incorporating the new universe while keeping true to the game series' core mechanics. Very, very pleased.
shamzu	Recommended	32.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198007401906/	One of the Best in series
cooke.thomasj	Recommended	118.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/zrls050/	I've torn myself away from trashing Vampire Castles and subjugating Bretonnia to the divine will of Sigmar so I can wholeheartedly endorse this product.Given some of my issues with the series, particularly Attila, and the frustrating gameplay and technical issues I encountered, I was initially dubious about this title. I was in no way disappointed this time round though.First off, I'm running the game on high custom settings with textures, unit, buildings and foliage on ultra, and it is running at a comfortable 50fps on a laptop (admittedly a gaming one), the same one which barely ran Attila. The detail is still astounding and the visuals don't cease to impress. Twelve hours in and I'm still getting *wow* moments, with my eyes out on stalks as my battle wizard dude blasts a comet into the middle of the foe. Hell, who cares if I'm losing this battle and Karl Franz is about to be crushed by a giant, I'm just revelling in the sheer beauty of it all- step on the bugger for all I care- just look at all the pretty effects...The gameplay mechanics are pretty much as you'll remember them from previous titles but with plenty of novelty too- spellcasting is an interesting new tactical addition, and each of the factions feels radically different to the others. While the Empire (my preferred faction) plays quite conventionally in most ways, other factions have a very different style of play- eg. Vampire Counts are different in terms of recruitment, while Chaos don't have any cities, a similar gameplay feature to Attila and the hordes there.Speaking of hordes, without giving too much away, for the love of Sigmar, do NOT, as the Empire (or anyone for that matter), ignore the defence of your north eastern borders. You think you're the dog's b*ll*cks right now, pushing around city states and dukedoms, gathering in your taxes and acting like you've got it all sorted, but I promise you- however ready you think you are for the slathering hordes of ravenous lunatics, you are emphatically not- stock up on heavy artillery. And pray.Finally, and most wondrously- there are no more naval battles! Long overdue...And now, back to purging the taint of Chaos from my lands...
Ambrucor | TCE | KGGram	Recommended	139.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Ambrucor/	Product received for free
Akion	Recommended	136.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/YoiBoiAkion/	The warhammer total war game is fun, but I do have a complaint or two.1. I beat the game already. Never in a Total war game have I ever beat one that fast. The world is WAY too small. Go compare the game map to the Lore map, It's a small area, that was condesned down even further. which I feel like is odd considering how big the old Total wars maps were.2. Too few of the races from the tabeltop/lore. I want my elves, and I want my Nippon! (It's based loosely on Earth) There are so many races that can be thrown in and I really hope they improve on this with FREE dlc. 3. Diplomacy is a joke. While it's cool how diplomacy get's easier when Chaos shows up, it's mostly just based on how powerful you are. Literally big stick diplomacy. So while a faction is getting olbiterated by another they will still refuse to be allies etc... 4. Simplified logistics gameplay. I miss the old ctiy building. Never liked the new way of building in the new Rome. It feels too basic. Do they think we are stupid? And now I can't dismount mounted units? I feel really silly when a unit is getting destroyed on a wall, but my knights are too dumb to get off their horses? And worse would be WHY can I only attack one preset side of a city? Where is the full scale battle maps that actually required some thinking for attacking and defending? This is just too basic.5. Agents. Nothing like an army of agents that can destroy your 5 rank castle in one turn (and everyturn after) and you can't stop them. Seriously they did more damage than full armies.6. Ports, but no navel battles. They have navies in this universe and I can't use them to stop the northern invasions. I enjoyed navel warfare, and it's content that's been taken away.7. The end of the game a notification appears: "You won, grats". Not even a cinimatic or anything, it's just blunt as you take the last province needed. Feels like an uphill battle that leads to nothing.8. Balance. I dare you to try playing dwarves vs. orcs. PVP campaign. They get their "waagh" silver army on top of their normal one while you are trying to keep up, and it goes very badly early on. Or VS. a chaos player... This and many other things need some tweaking.Otherwise the game is pretty addicting, and a fresh take on total war. But it needs a LOT more in it. I feel like I have very little content for something that has such a massive amount of Lore and games that are already in place already to work with.
Regi	Recommended	39.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/regips/	Amazing mix of Total War and Warhammer. The game has problem with performance in the later stages as in the previous versions. Perfect for fans of the series.Dwarf power! :D
sdh2011	Recommended	612.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198062670336/	I am in full agreement that the DLC policy pushed onto this game by SEGA is DESPICABLE. Especially how they sold an incomplete product to those who didnt pre-order in any other industry they would have been taken to court, absolutely discusting on SEGAS part. HOWEVER this review is about the game itself not segas business model. I have been a huge total war fan ever since the first game and followed the series closely. Total War Warhammer is unquestionabley THE best total war game since Medieval 2 (Thats right better than shogun 2). Many things that made the more recent games ♥♥♥♥♥♥ have been removed and the RPG elements incorporated into this game fit fantastically with huge amounts of content being added all the time what we have here is the basis for a masterpiece and when finished could well be one of the greatest strategy games of all time. Ignore any reviews saying the game is not worth it or the game gets boring quickly nothing could be further from the truth and the majority of these bad reviews are from people that are so salty about segas money grabbing (rightfully so) that it sours there gaming experience. If you can seperate SEGA and CA in this aspect what you have is an insanely fun and replayable title that will only get better and better. BUY IT!
reneGade7K	Recommended	10.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/renegadev/	Not a huge fan of these kind of games, but this game made me play it for more than 3 hours. I would say it's a good one, since I am very hard to be pleased with games like this.Upvoted :)
Kirjava	Recommended	389.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kirjava13/	Rome 2 was abysmal, Attila was riddled with bugs... fret not, here comes Warhammer to save the day! Whilst at its core this is a typical Total War game (with all the good and bad that implies), Creative Assembly have been allowed to really cut loose and go a bit mad. The result is zombie dragons, flaming skulls and dudes that ride mini-griffins, and it's all awesome. With a fantasy setting to run wild in, the campaign finally finds that mix of variety and challenge that so many Total War games before have lacked. The variety of the factions is such a change when contrasted with the poor old historical titles' long list of, "Guys wearing different outfits", and watching Orcs lay into Dwarves is really quite something. Negatives remain: though their reaction time has improved this time around, CA is still slow to respond to bugs and issues in the game. There are base features of design carried over from previous iterations that still stick in the craw, and the AI, while further enabled by some increased simplification of systems, continues to disappoint in its (allegedly) strategic and tactical thinking. New disappointments loom: the simplification of Siege mode rankles with many, for example.CA's approach to DLC bears mentioning. It looks a lot like most of the negative Steam reviews for Warhammer revolve around this, and it's an utterly baffling criticism to have when, initial FUBARs regarding the Warriors of Chaos DLC aside, it's all been handled rather well. The initial purchase gives you four great armies. Subsequent DLC has buffed that to a grand total of seven (including the Wood Elves, two days away at time of writing), or eight in multiplayer if you include Bretonnians, who are coming in 2017- for free! At the same time as this, CA have provided a steady flow of free patches and updates to accompany their priced content. People can quibble over the cost, but this is the best way to do DLC, as developers like Paradox have demonstrated. In summary, then: Total War: Warhammer rises above its predecessors as a colourful, interesting and fun twist on the TW formula. Some of the same old problems remain, but above all it is a glorious success. Praise Sigmar!
Pancakes	Recommended	280.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/everythinggoessmootherwithbutter/	I don't know why people hate on the game and don't recomend it because of sega's DLC policy (Which is♥♥♥♥♥. This game is the bane of my social life and I love it. The detail is amazing and the units are by far the most fun units out of all the total war games10/10 would spend 40 hrs a week again
Admiral Kirk	Recommended	27.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Viking567/	Gameplay 9/10Atmosphere 9/10Music 8/10Graphics 9/10Replayability 8/10The new total war is a very solid one, fun factions and just simply fun a 9/10 from me! The only thing i think should be pointed out like many others have is that the dlc is a tad overpriced.
Pio	Recommended	15.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/pioalface/	Total War: Warhammer is a decent 4x game that failed to fully captivate me.Pros:-When experiencing the combat for the first times, it is amazingly exciting.-City development is easy to grasp.-Smaller learning curve than other 4x available, at least in terms of city development.-Excluding the diplomacy part, the AI is smart.-Good optimization and performance.Cons: -Lots of expensive dlc. Without buying them (which I didn’t) you feel like you are playing a demo.-Not much to do after beating the game the first time (without buying the dlc’s at least).-Diplomacy is weird, being that the AI seems to perform irrational choices.-In my opinion, game partly loses interest when chaos starts attacking.7/10.
Soviet	Recommended	55.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/towarzyszu/	The people who complain that this oversimplified Total War are a bunch of geese. All things you do in this game are to further your goal of getting mans on the battlefield, which is what total war has always been best at.Once you're actually ON that battlefield, you will be blown away by how many tactical considerations you have to make in comparison to the classic spear->cav->archers->swords->spear total war unit lineup.  Just because it caught a big splash of fantasy paint, doesn't mean it isn't Total War, and it shows.Also, WAAAAAGGGHHHHH.
SydneyKurono	Recommended	1,510.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SydKur/	One of my close friends recommended this game, Highly.So, I bought it and love it. I recommend this game to anyone.
Shad.rack312	Recommended	59.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198011761268/	Love this game, not very good at it but simply cannot get over the feeling of commanding armies from one of my favorite universes. New to total war franchise so it is a little tough to understand all the mechanics on the campaign map but easy to learn and simply look up a solution! Love the game keep making awesome DLCs!!!
archlord	Recommended	13.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198042945694/	great game very well done lore wise and gameplay +11! well worth the purchase!
Detra	Recommended	87.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Ra3456/	The graphics are beautiful and it runs well. Many people complain of black screens or other graphic problems, but I have not had any problemsThe AI is better than it was in previous Total War battles are more challengingEach faction is unique the dwarfs have the book of grudges, the empire has the ability to oppoints people to offices.
Potato Pig	Recommended	91.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198079438819/	I've played every TW game since Empire and this is my absolute favourite.
Sxcwog	Recommended	179.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198013192117/	The game is amazing! and this launch has been very smooth for me.
Spectre53	Recommended	65.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/spectre53/	Ignore the all caps reviews, this def does not deserve a Mixed rating on launch. This game shows that CA learned from the missteps of the past and delivered a quality product. The world and lore is immersive, the battles just feel right, and it's the type of game I've wanted from the Warhammer universe for a long long time.
vitaFrui	Recommended	321.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/vitaFrui/	Roughly ~100 turns into Dwarf campaign and few custom battles under belt.PROS:- awesome optimization, especially compared to Attila- solid gameplay, well balanced so far - combat feels fun and impactful- overall very clear and aesthetically pleasing UI- fantastic music and sound- excellent inter/intra faction diversity in all aspects (theme, tech, units, tactics, etc)CONS:- some minor graphical glitches (occasional screen stutter)- some AI armies unit composition could use improvement (entire cav armies), but this is largely personal preferenceNo other cons worth reporting so farWould highly recommend the game, very fun departure from usual scope and theme of the TW series.
Sloth sex machine	Recommended	413.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198005722670/	Booted up game, played for 4 hours straight with a minimum 40s fps on ultra with an i5 2500k/R9 390x. Came here to have a look at reviews, chuckled, am now back to grinding skellies to dust with my reiksguard. 10/10 would recommend. Best total war launch since time immemorial, solid gameplay.
Daniel	Recommended	53.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198029429865/	Finally a worthy successor to Warhammer - Dark Omen. It took quite a while.
JazzPimp	Recommended	262.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jazzcyka/	jeje
Cunning Linguist	Recommended	83.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198069717785/	Needs a little improvement.As a fan of both the Total War series and Warhammer, I was pretty excited to give this game a go. After a few hours of play time, I've concluded that it's a very pretty game with some great features, but it needs a little tweaking.Pros:- Beautiful graphics- Good unit diversity- The magic system was well thought out- Hero management and customization add a lot of depth and make you care about your lords- The province system works well; no need to build all the same buildings in every one of your settlementsCons:- Requires way too much micromanagement; when sending units into battle, they will fight until their target is defeated, then just stand around uselessly instead of engaging nearby enemies- Battles take too long; in other Total War iterations, one unit could kill or break another within a couple of minutes. In Total War: Warhammer, you can engage a single enemy unit and flank them on all sides and it will still take 5+ minutes to kill or break themFor me, the pros outweigh the cons. It's a fun game with a great setting and it makes a perfect addition to the Total War lineup. It's exactly what both franchises needed. In its current state, I would give it a solid 8/10. With a few tweaks to address the cons mentioned above, it could easily be a 10/10.
Green Bastard	Recommended	24.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198008464577/	great lots of fun, co op campain is alot of fun
Coral	Recommended	162.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/coralistheGEE/	was bad then sad then i tink smart ten i fixxing compute den it workie i tink and den coral is happy water organism1000/00000.1
Otto Von Moneybags	Recommended	216.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198010164992/	Good game. Really easy to get in to, especially if you like Total War or Warhammer (Or generic fantasy universes). The factions all feel unique, to play and easy to immerse oneself in, especially such a lore-rich universe as Warhammer.Its a thumbs up from meUpdate: After almost 60 hours in this game i still cant get enough of it.
🎃Lizardwitch🎃	Recommended	151.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/reki-jo/	Game is really fun. The Battles seem more hectic due to huge creatures and such smashing into your lines. Each race is really unique making starting as a new one tough and forcing you to change your tactics. Certain things have been simplified such as not dealing with food or sanitation however you gotta deal with corruption and various different scenarios that can happen. Textures are amazing and simply the best unmodded textures of a vanilla total war. There are ofc little things I would like to change which mods allow. I personally can't wait for more races to be added in cause south western portion of the map doesn't really have much of a purpose so far.
Saltti	Recommended	228.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Salttisprofile/	Brilliant game! Works absolutely fine on my PC. Can recommend to any total war fans and also warhammer fans.I get around 80fps with high-ultra graphics My specs areGTX 970 4GBi7 4770k 3.9Ghznothing is OC
kallam	Recommended	134.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/cowofsteel/	Only 3 hours played and I can see this being my favourite Total War game. Loving it, from the visuals to the fantastic sounds (Kudos to the creative sound team). Game runs perfectly fine no performance issues as yet and for once the AI puts up a bit of a fight. New siege machanic, which I thought I wouldn't like, turned out to be lots of fun. Great game highly recommend it.Still playing and still  have no complaints after 30 hours. I've been playing Total War games since Shogun and I've never completed a single campaign (Once I know I can't be beaten I lose interest and start again). I've completed the Dwarf campaign already (200 turns) and am currently playing the Vampire Counts and have no doubt I'll either finish it or get beaten (I've lost a second Dwarf campaign, one Empire and one Chaos, so I know victory isn't guaranteed in the early stages).I also thought I would never say this about a game, but I can't wait for the DLC.
A Spooky Ghost Man	Recommended	285.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/matthewbriers/	I've never been able to get into total war, but a fantasy version is exactly what it needed!story isn't as immersive as i would have liked though.
Brentwood	Recommended	176.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/RebanBrentwood/	Very fun game, addictive, better than some past Total War games.The only thing I EXTREMELY dislike is the price for the two races, Beastmen and Chaos. The Beastmen DLC seems to be quite expensive (and why would you waste that much for a RACE, no map expansion, just a RACE). And if you didn't pre-order TWW then you'd have to pay extra for the Chaos DLC.Seriously, lower your prices for the DLC. We did buy a game for $60, at least show your gratitude and don't♥♥♥♥♥♥on your fans with high prices.
BabyCastper	Recommended	411.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198153574046/	Good
Nunzy	Recommended	31.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198116270317/	Really loved the game way better than the previous total war franchises.
SydneyKurono	Recommended	1,510.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SydKur/	One of my close friends recommended this game, Highly.So, I bought it and love it. I recommend this game to anyone.
Shad.rack312	Recommended	59.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198011761268/	Love this game, not very good at it but simply cannot get over the feeling of commanding armies from one of my favorite universes. New to total war franchise so it is a little tough to understand all the mechanics on the campaign map but easy to learn and simply look up a solution! Love the game keep making awesome DLCs!!!
HistoryBuff	Recommended	68.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/27041005/	My absolute favourite total war games and I was 9 when I played shogun.
PotatoTech	Recommended	338.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SlinkToe/	Great Game, Great Lore. People are Jaded from the realism of the previous versions but dont sweat it. This game should be considered a stand alone in its approach to the Total War play style due to its heavy emphasis on the 40k lore. The content has been continually rolling out and I cant wait for the Elves.
Pio	Recommended	15.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/pioalface/	Total War: Warhammer is a decent 4x game that failed to fully captivate me.Pros:-When experiencing the combat for the first times, it is amazingly exciting.-City development is easy to grasp.-Smaller learning curve than other 4x available, at least in terms of city development.-Excluding the diplomacy part, the AI is smart.-Good optimization and performance.Cons: -Lots of expensive dlc. Without buying them (which I didn’t) you feel like you are playing a demo.-Not much to do after beating the game the first time (without buying the dlc’s at least).-Diplomacy is weird, being that the AI seems to perform irrational choices.-In my opinion, game partly loses interest when chaos starts attacking.7/10.
Gauldfish	Recommended	193.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198039836568/	Okay, so In my opinion this is the best Total War I've played alongside Shogun 2. After playing almost all of the total wars, bar the original Medieval and Shogun, I was dying for them to release some sort of fantasy style title. AND THEY DID. They pulled it off, the magic and monsterous creatures are well balanced and feel like they should. The graphics and smoothness of the game itself is also a massive improvement on Atilla and Rome, alongside this I have experienced next to no bugs!So go buy it!
warrenchew	Recommended	100.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197991502732/	Great game and i suspect this is just the begining. 
Epicregent	Recommended	340.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198170154086/	So I've never written a review before, but currently this game has a relitively undeserved mixed rating on steam, so here we go...The Total War series is based on two very diffrent gameplays mixed into one game. The first is on the caimpaign screen. This is where you build your armies, conquer territory and build up your nation. If you've played games like starcraft or solar empire you'll understand the jist of it, and actually campared to those games this element is very simple and straightforeward. Though you can still mess it up if you're not carefull. The battle system is were total war shines. You  can take direct control of the armies you built in the caimpaign map and use them against your enimeis in a real time battle. This system can be daunting at first, but you'll realize that its farily simple to learn but difficult to master. With proper stategy and tactices you'll eventually be able to take on enemy armies that vastly out match you simply by using good strategy. This game setting  is based on the very famous Tabletop Wargaming setting called Warhammer. If you haven't heard of it don't worry. The setting is a dervitive of many diffrent fantasy troups and settings, So anybody could get the jist of the story within the first few minutes of play. You've got the empire of man, based on The Holy Roman Empire. Your Dwarves, which are your typical short, bearded, grumpy anglo-saxons. The Vampire/Necromancer faction, who are a bunch of bastards. Greenskins, a bunch of big green soccer holigans who just want to scrap.  And the Chaos Warriors, who are basically a bunch of Cthulhu worrshiping death-metal fanatic vikings that have taken apon themselves to end the world. Each of these factions are very flavorful and fundementally change the basic gameplay in subtle but interestig ways. The dwarves are very defensive, while the greenskins and chaos are very offensive, the empires are good generalists  ect.  If you are not new to the setting, and like me are a fan you'll be pleased to know that this game treats the lore well and implements it fantastically into the gameplay. I would go so far as to say this is the best Warhammer fantasy game ever made. It might be the best Warhammer IP game ever, including the Dawn of War series. Althought thats a tough call to make.Finally, I have had no techinical issues with this game what so ever. Furthermore I haven't heard of anyone having any issues once they downloaded the day one patch. These two IPs were made for each other, and they've come together beatifully here. If you are a fan of the IP you need to check it out some time. And if you have any interest in realtime or turn based strategy I highly recomend this game to anyone whose interested.
Raven	Recommended	661.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198086153919/	No doubt that this is the BEST Total War game I've ever played! The faction variety and different playstyles to fit any player and continuous free updates and amazing DLC makes it even better every single time not to mention the 2 expansions for this game one coming in September of 2017 and the next in 2018 or early 19 who knows will make it even more expansive and better!
Josef Stalin	Recommended	81.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mats145/	Game is good, campaign map could be better, battles are great.
RaveKnave	Recommended	70.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/RaveKnave/	Love this game, play yes, smash. Only con would like more factions to play. I would also add I have been playing Total War since launch day of Shogun, and have played every game since then. Each time they just keep getting better.
gomensnana	Recommended	168.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197995258132/	This is, I think, the first game review I have ever posted on Steam. I am doing this because the developers truly deserve a pat on the back for this. For those of you who do not know Warhammer, the best comparible popular substitute would be Warcraft 3 for themes. This is an amazing adaptation of both Warhammer and Total War, and an improvement on Total War in seemingly every mechanic. This is a game that will addict you and make you care passionately about the faction you choose to play and every decision you make.I have played Total War games since Shogun, the first one, and this is the first Total War game since being a child that has pulled me in and made me really feel like I am actually apart of this other world. I never played a single faction's Total War campaign as long as I have in this one. I am shocked at how much better the AI has performed, both in campaign strategy, and in the battles and I know that was not an easy accomplishment. When I am supposed to win, I still suffer decent casualties on normal difficulty (not saying I'm the best strategiest, but if I was favored in previous games it was a complete waste of time to fight because I'd lose 10% of my forces at most). I know this is the first Total War where auto-resolve has actually, frequently cost me fewer casualties!I know the theme of this game might not be admired by some fans, but it is a personal favorite of mine. I love both Warhammer 40k stories and Warhammer Fantasy and this is an amazing adaptation for both games giving and taking everything I could possibly have imagined this company doing to deliver on this. I personally hope CA/SEGA keep this particular group going with DLCs and/or sequals/expansions.Additional notes, the game has certain management features simplified because of the theme and I love that change for campaign about the most. You very quickly understand all the hows and whys of your faction, but yet will find yourself realizing there were much more effecient ways you could have run all of it and will want to play again.Some very rare bugs that probably will get sorted out that caused my game to crash a couple times on the same battle. I unfortunately had to auto resolve it but luckily still won the battle (was trying to wound the everchosen's powerful army).I'm on Ultra settings with a GTX 980 and it's running smooth, and temp is topping out at 81c (safe). I have a bit of an old harddrive and no SSD so I have some long load screens on this game, but don't normally experience large load times on other games so that's just warning for others, but I don't mind because you do not face many load screens.This game was definitely worth the money. I am beyond satisfied and can't wait for additional content.
lordDome	Recommended	10.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/l0rdD0me/	The game got released and exams next week. well guess I am graduating next year.
Kairus	Recommended	127.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Bl4ckFrost/	This is the best Total War I ever played
Mobius_Black	Recommended	24.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mobius_black/	Total war set in the warhammer universe? So hundrers of orcs, dawrves, undead, etc fighting to the death on your screen? What more could you wish for?As far as performance is concered, runs absolutley great especially considering the last couple of Total War games at Launch (Empire, Rome, Atilla). 
Mr.Chair	Recommended	81.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198021908353/	Game is working now ! Thanks a lot to the total war Forum!Total war Warhammer is a great game and i can only recommend this game
Caiten	Recommended	79.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198022255518/	First Total War that I've enjoyed since Shogun 2. It's not perfect but it's a lot of fun and each faction is very unique.
EasyMetal	Recommended	28.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198206406836/	I'm surprised Brettonia is in this game, I'm fine that it's not a playable faction. Aside from, I think if they decide to add High elves & Skaven, one from each side (Good & Evil), that it will be a mindblowing game with enough factions to interest war gamers and new fans alike. 
ISAAC ASIMOV .89	Recommended	77.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198022826823/	I love the game a little confusing at first but i really enjoy it.
Traiterian	Recommended	75.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197998250354/	Fantastic mixture between Total War and Warhammer, havnt had one single technical issue so far. Only negative point i can think of right now is that there are too few factions in the game at the moment, but this will surely change in the future.
Matykero	Recommended	902.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/matykero/	I do not understand how this is currently at only 74% positive reviews.Like seriously.It's been out a week, I've clocked up 70 hrs (yeah, I took some time off work). IT IS FUN. All I've done is one campaign as humans and I can't wait to rerun it. Try a different difficulty, have a bash at online, and am really excited to try the other races.Yeah, I'm writing this having only skimmed the surface of the game, because it's that good. Not gonna write anything more as I just want to get back in there and enoy it more. Just felt I had to add to the +ive reviews, because it's worth it, and if you're reading these you need to know. You've done your research, read at least 1 review, now just get the game and enjoy it. Maybe see you online some time
𝘔𝘢𝘭𝘢𝘬𝘢𝘴	Recommended	17.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Jola98/	Once upon a time, Gork n' Mork was smashin each otha up goodDen Gork sed "HEY MORK"An mork sed "WOHT" smashin up a mountain reel good when he dun itDen Gork sed "YOU'S SO KUNNIN? I BET YE WON'T BEST ME AT DE MOS'KUNNIN GAME OF DEM ALL!"Mork den clobbered "IM GOOD CUZ HE'S BROOTUL TOO, AN SED "I'S SMASH YA GOOD AT WHATEVA YA DO, YA GIT"Den Gork wuz akchuly' behined Mork all a'lon (cuz he's kunnin too) an sed "DA GAME IS...GET FUKD"Gork smashed Mork bottom cuz he brootal and more kunnin den mork!AND DEN DA ORKZ WAS BORN! WAAAAAGH! 
BabyNades	Recommended	171.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/babynades/	Pros:- Amazing Graphics- Captures Warhammer atmosphere perfectly- Flying crap- Customizable Generals (campaign)- Great selection of units- Factions are totally different- Magical powers- Plenty of modsCons:- Limited Siege Battles (only one side of the wall is available for attack)- Battles are over too quickly (just download a mod to fix this)- Can't customize army units in campaign 
sdh2011	Recommended	612.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198062670336/	I am in full agreement that the DLC policy pushed onto this game by SEGA is DESPICABLE. Especially how they sold an incomplete product to those who didnt pre-order in any other industry they would have been taken to court, absolutely discusting on SEGAS part. HOWEVER this review is about the game itself not segas business model. I have been a huge total war fan ever since the first game and followed the series closely. Total War Warhammer is unquestionabley THE best total war game since Medieval 2 (Thats right better than shogun 2). Many things that made the more recent games ♥♥♥♥♥♥ have been removed and the RPG elements incorporated into this game fit fantastically with huge amounts of content being added all the time what we have here is the basis for a masterpiece and when finished could well be one of the greatest strategy games of all time. Ignore any reviews saying the game is not worth it or the game gets boring quickly nothing could be further from the truth and the majority of these bad reviews are from people that are so salty about segas money grabbing (rightfully so) that it sours there gaming experience. If you can seperate SEGA and CA in this aspect what you have is an insanely fun and replayable title that will only get better and better. BUY IT!
Admiral Kirk	Recommended	27.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Viking567/	Gameplay 9/10Atmosphere 9/10Music 8/10Graphics 9/10Replayability 8/10The new total war is a very solid one, fun factions and just simply fun a 9/10 from me! The only thing i think should be pointed out like many others have is that the dlc is a tad overpriced.
Pancakes	Recommended	280.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/everythinggoessmootherwithbutter/	I don't know why people hate on the game and don't recomend it because of sega's DLC policy (Which is♥♥♥♥♥. This game is the bane of my social life and I love it. The detail is amazing and the units are by far the most fun units out of all the total war games10/10 would spend 40 hrs a week again
reneGade7K	Recommended	10.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/renegadev/	Not a huge fan of these kind of games, but this game made me play it for more than 3 hours. I would say it's a good one, since I am very hard to be pleased with games like this.Upvoted :)
Blackart	Recommended	204.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/blackart/	Pleasant surprise after ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Rome 2.
Mixarez	Recommended	320.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/gzo2008/	Total War цувралын хувьд эрс шинэчлэл болсон. Улс бүр өөрийн гэсэн онцлогтой учир бусад цувралаас онцгойрох чухал ач холбогдолтой зүйл юм. Тулааны системд шинээр ид шид орж ирсэн учраас нилээн ярвигтай болсон. Legendary mode дээр бусад цувралаасаа хэцүү болсон. Жишээ нь Вампируудаар тоглож байхдаа Одойчуудтай дайны байдалд шилжвэл бараг хохь нь болох шинжтэй. Хувийн үнэлгээ 9-10
Phantomrave	Recommended	80.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/UnderTheIronSun/	This is the most polished and exciting total war out of the whole series. The combat is on a scale you've never seen and the factions feel different and look different to one another- each with their own art style and damn different play style! The units clash with such force and there's a certain joy watching your hero send 10 people flying from a ravenous undead army while he's in the thick of combat and then casually walking over to punish another group.The Turn based map is also just so warhammer but so total war, its the perfect mix. If you you like Total war, Buy it. If you like Warhammer. Buy it.
[22-ACR] The Tanman	Recommended	115.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/THETANMANELITE/	The varation and tone have changed a lot since Total War's specilization into history, this game has not let me down personally, the great selection of units and the varation of factions and how each battle plays differently depending on the units and faction involved dosen't really give that "done this battle a thousand times" feeling you get from other Total War Games, while the variety is fantastic and the world is well done, I have this feeling of wanting more factions to play from, I'm sure they will add more in time, and that's my only real gripe with the game.Watching my swordsmen get rekt by these orks is painful, I'm an Empire player and I can safely say it's an enjoyable struggle for survival!
Briggs	Recommended	116.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198026068716/	Amazing game so far
Romdeau	Recommended	50.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197990185352/	Great game, has a fantastic modding scene - recommend you check it out. The vanilla base game is very satisfying, so don't be put off if modding isn't your thing.
Raven	Recommended	661.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198086153919/	No doubt that this is the BEST Total War game I've ever played! The faction variety and different playstyles to fit any player and continuous free updates and amazing DLC makes it even better every single time not to mention the 2 expansions for this game one coming in September of 2017 and the next in 2018 or early 19 who knows will make it even more expansive and better!
Josef Stalin	Recommended	81.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mats145/	Game is good, campaign map could be better, battles are great.
Remagen	Recommended	221.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198044904013/	This is by far one of the best Total Wars I've ever played. The only ones capable of topping it being Shogun 2 Fall of the Samurai and the number one being Medieval 2 total war. I've waited a long time to go to this review and by far this game takes the cake, despite some of the money grabby tactics revolving around new content, it's still an amazing title overall and worth a ton of repeats simply on each faction feeling and acting different from each other.
MrSimmix	Recommended	551.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/MrSimmix-TheAwesome/	If you are a Total War fan then I absolutely recommend this game as it is interesting to see how fantasy and Total War mixes (still hoping we get a LOTR Total War game in the future).If you are a fan of Warhammer Fantasy then I would 100 gazillion times recommend this game. It really brings the world to life in a way that the tabletop unfortunately can't.Gameplay in TW Warhammer is fun and can be challenging depending on which faction you choose and what your playstyle is. On its own the vanilla game is great but thankfully CA (or SEGA) were able to talk Games Workshop in to allowing mods for the game (on one condition - the mods can only be about the Warhammer Fantasy IP). This is kinda a big deal, since Games Workshop aren't exactly famous for allowing mods on their games. The factions each offer unique playstyles as well as units. If you are willing to spend a bit of money on DLC (which I'll get in to later) you can get even more variety.So let's talk DLC and future expansions/sequels. The devs said they want to implement all tabletop factions. If my memory serves me right that would mean 16 unique factions or races. All these races will unfortunately not be available to just this first TW Warhammer game. Its simply too much for one game (the development time would be insanely long). So CA has decided to basically split the game in to three. This game that you are currently reading a review for is part 1 of 3. Part 1 has 4 vanilla factions (Empire, Dwarfs, Greenskins and Vampire Counts). The developers released a 5th faction on the day of launch (thats a whole topic on its own and I won't be getting into it). This faction is the Warriors of Chaos. Since launch the devs have released several DLCs that either expand the unit variety or the amount of factions. I, personally, recommend these DLCs but I would also recommend doing some research on the DLCs and deciding for yourself if it is worth it. The 2nd game is going to have its own factions and DLC factions as well as the 3rd game. If you own two or more of the parts then the game will basically become one massive game. This game is setting up to become one of the biggest Warhammer fantasy games to date and I'm very excited!
Archwing Ruler	Recommended	399.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197998020748/	It is a very good game, but people who may have played Shogun 2 would see this as a slight upgrade to the♥♥♥♥♥♥pulled on Rome II and Attila.
Miasmagasm	Recommended	57.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/djenithalls/	This is a really good game. Yeah, the DLC policy is ridiculous but you know how it is. Sales will help with it. The base game is also $12/£9 on Humble Bundle until 31st March so stop wasting your time and just get it.
Karl Franz	Recommended	183.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/sykotiikxkiing/	This game is the best Warhammer series game I've played and that is comparing it with the original Dawn of War series, you would love this game if you enjoy the Warhammer universe in general, I've only had about 100 hours so far but there is not an end in sight as you can replay it as much as you feel and it is amazing, most people don't like grand strategy but this is definitely one of the better ones. I personally have all the DLC because I've gotten so much on sale and I've probably spent 60-70 dollars on this game for everything if you have the pateience for all the DLC sales, overall it's a game for you if you love Warhammer and Strategy games, I will probably end up with 500 hours in the game and honestly that's pretty good for 60-70 dollars if you ask me. P.S. This game is ♥♥♥♥ing beautiful!
EasyMetal	Recommended	28.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198206406836/	I'm surprised Brettonia is in this game, I'm fine that it's not a playable faction. Aside from, I think if they decide to add High elves & Skaven, one from each side (Good & Evil), that it will be a mindblowing game with enough factions to interest war gamers and new fans alike. 
ISAAC ASIMOV .89	Recommended	77.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198022826823/	I love the game a little confusing at first but i really enjoy it.
Traiterian	Recommended	75.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197998250354/	Fantastic mixture between Total War and Warhammer, havnt had one single technical issue so far. Only negative point i can think of right now is that there are too few factions in the game at the moment, but this will surely change in the future.
sonofmacragge	Recommended	193.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198075032626/	Ill keep this short and sweet with out the warhammer stamp on this game it would be awful. And compaired to the older totalwar games there is just less to this one. Small settelment battles are gone just and there is only one siege map and no multi layer defences with only one way to approch witch is straight on. They do not have all the races or all the units for the races the have.so do i recommend yes BUT ON SALE or wait untill the game of the year release with all the dlcPS. I HATE CULTURE PACKS STOP MAKING CULTURE PACKS AND PUT THE RACES IN THE GAME THAT YOU HAVE ON LANCH IF YOU WANT TO MAKE DLC MAKE EXPATION PACK LKE YOU DID WITH MEDEVIL those were worth the money
iredx2i	Recommended	254.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/iredx2i/	ok i played for a good while now and from my past 1000 hours on medival,Empire and Rome II i can say this yes it has a small amount of issues but none like rome II when it launched and none near attila this game is wonderfull for a warhammer point of view and note ive only been the empire and just defeated the Vimpire Counts with still more too come, mind you im sure more faction DLC is sure to come i have no love for that but its bound to happen but otther then that im sure more map and gameplay will be added as a norm and really i can only see this game becoming better, if your wondering why this game score is mostly positive and not very or overwhemling is becuase people expect either to much or they have issues with there Rig or there fps is to low in there head and in genaral not too there prefernce and instead of fixing them they just complain, i play with 45 frams on max ruffly with AMD Radeon and i love it so performance should not be a issue unless your a pleb. i give this game 9/10 and im still looking forward for more
Meeseeks	Recommended	53.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/bigredlineman/	This game is awesome, It mixes the campaign aspect of Total war but uses rules and units, unit sizes, abilities and so forth from the table top game. The replay value is awesome because every different campaign is completely different. I love warhammer and I love total war so this game is dream come true.
Joybz	Recommended	139.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Joybz/	Brilliant take on the warhammer world. All fits together well, great game is so well optimised and i have yet to have an issue, much smoother release compared to rome 2! The different factions make this different enough to the previous total war games without venturing too far into being unrecognisable.
Spectre53	Recommended	65.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/spectre53/	Ignore the all caps reviews, this def does not deserve a Mixed rating on launch. This game shows that CA learned from the missteps of the past and delivered a quality product. The world and lore is immersive, the battles just feel right, and it's the type of game I've wanted from the Warhammer universe for a long long time.
vitaFrui	Recommended	321.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/vitaFrui/	Roughly ~100 turns into Dwarf campaign and few custom battles under belt.PROS:- awesome optimization, especially compared to Attila- solid gameplay, well balanced so far - combat feels fun and impactful- overall very clear and aesthetically pleasing UI- fantastic music and sound- excellent inter/intra faction diversity in all aspects (theme, tech, units, tactics, etc)CONS:- some minor graphical glitches (occasional screen stutter)- some AI armies unit composition could use improvement (entire cav armies), but this is largely personal preferenceNo other cons worth reporting so farWould highly recommend the game, very fun departure from usual scope and theme of the TW series.
archlord	Recommended	13.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198042945694/	great game very well done lore wise and gameplay +11! well worth the purchase!
shamzu	Recommended	32.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198007401906/	One of the Best in series
cooke.thomasj	Recommended	118.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/zrls050/	I've torn myself away from trashing Vampire Castles and subjugating Bretonnia to the divine will of Sigmar so I can wholeheartedly endorse this product.Given some of my issues with the series, particularly Attila, and the frustrating gameplay and technical issues I encountered, I was initially dubious about this title. I was in no way disappointed this time round though.First off, I'm running the game on high custom settings with textures, unit, buildings and foliage on ultra, and it is running at a comfortable 50fps on a laptop (admittedly a gaming one), the same one which barely ran Attila. The detail is still astounding and the visuals don't cease to impress. Twelve hours in and I'm still getting *wow* moments, with my eyes out on stalks as my battle wizard dude blasts a comet into the middle of the foe. Hell, who cares if I'm losing this battle and Karl Franz is about to be crushed by a giant, I'm just revelling in the sheer beauty of it all- step on the bugger for all I care- just look at all the pretty effects...The gameplay mechanics are pretty much as you'll remember them from previous titles but with plenty of novelty too- spellcasting is an interesting new tactical addition, and each of the factions feels radically different to the others. While the Empire (my preferred faction) plays quite conventionally in most ways, other factions have a very different style of play- eg. Vampire Counts are different in terms of recruitment, while Chaos don't have any cities, a similar gameplay feature to Attila and the hordes there.Speaking of hordes, without giving too much away, for the love of Sigmar, do NOT, as the Empire (or anyone for that matter), ignore the defence of your north eastern borders. You think you're the dog's b*ll*cks right now, pushing around city states and dukedoms, gathering in your taxes and acting like you've got it all sorted, but I promise you- however ready you think you are for the slathering hordes of ravenous lunatics, you are emphatically not- stock up on heavy artillery. And pray.Finally, and most wondrously- there are no more naval battles! Long overdue...And now, back to purging the taint of Chaos from my lands...
Ambrucor | TCE | KGGram	Recommended	139.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Ambrucor/	Product received for free
Akion	Recommended	136.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/YoiBoiAkion/	The warhammer total war game is fun, but I do have a complaint or two.1. I beat the game already. Never in a Total war game have I ever beat one that fast. The world is WAY too small. Go compare the game map to the Lore map, It's a small area, that was condesned down even further. which I feel like is odd considering how big the old Total wars maps were.2. Too few of the races from the tabeltop/lore. I want my elves, and I want my Nippon! (It's based loosely on Earth) There are so many races that can be thrown in and I really hope they improve on this with FREE dlc. 3. Diplomacy is a joke. While it's cool how diplomacy get's easier when Chaos shows up, it's mostly just based on how powerful you are. Literally big stick diplomacy. So while a faction is getting olbiterated by another they will still refuse to be allies etc... 4. Simplified logistics gameplay. I miss the old ctiy building. Never liked the new way of building in the new Rome. It feels too basic. Do they think we are stupid? And now I can't dismount mounted units? I feel really silly when a unit is getting destroyed on a wall, but my knights are too dumb to get off their horses? And worse would be WHY can I only attack one preset side of a city? Where is the full scale battle maps that actually required some thinking for attacking and defending? This is just too basic.5. Agents. Nothing like an army of agents that can destroy your 5 rank castle in one turn (and everyturn after) and you can't stop them. Seriously they did more damage than full armies.6. Ports, but no navel battles. They have navies in this universe and I can't use them to stop the northern invasions. I enjoyed navel warfare, and it's content that's been taken away.7. The end of the game a notification appears: "You won, grats". Not even a cinimatic or anything, it's just blunt as you take the last province needed. Feels like an uphill battle that leads to nothing.8. Balance. I dare you to try playing dwarves vs. orcs. PVP campaign. They get their "waagh" silver army on top of their normal one while you are trying to keep up, and it goes very badly early on. Or VS. a chaos player... This and many other things need some tweaking.Otherwise the game is pretty addicting, and a fresh take on total war. But it needs a LOT more in it. I feel like I have very little content for something that has such a massive amount of Lore and games that are already in place already to work with.
Vikeyev	Recommended	165.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Vikeyev/	Pretty much what ya expect from a total war game.there is no story no actual campaign that will get ya going.Chose a faction and leader then get dropped right in the game. Wars on all sides, corruption from the get go and holy crap trying to find out where the mess starts or ends is a nightmarethe strategic battles are a cluster♥♥♥♥ if i ever seen one with armies just smashing against eachother while ya pray to whatever god ya follow that the battle works out in your favor. Its not clean at all with often wild confusion to what actually is happening.The abilities of the leaders feel like they have very little impact as ya struggle to understand what these do while often they just sparkle a little here and there or just gives a buff to one of your units.Unlike Dark omen (yeah that old) the battles are not clean, and the hero units do not feel powerful at all when they get crushed by a charging pack of dogs.I wished for a campaign that was fleshed out maybe a story to follow where ya get to build up an army to lay waste fo the old world. but all we got was a simple reskin of any total war game or even the "King Arthur the role playing wargame"which actually had story and cool events to discover.What i wished for is not in Total War Warhammer. which is unfortunate cause i can reccomand the game because its still good. no bugs glitches or any of that what not.just minor issues with armies that are unable to catch up with the enemy's or the rng crap of your heroes
Papass	Recommended	31.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/PapaVeNeti/	Well, the best total war in years. The only one where the second campaign can be very different from the 1st in all aspects and not just in the starting position, initial challenge and a bit from unit variation. In TW Warhammer, all factions have different mechanics in the campaign map, different playstyles in the battles (ex. dwarfs armored slow units , with very little mobility), different opponents and different areas to conquer. (There are restrictions in the regions where someone can occupie settlements. ) The only negative that i found  is that the agents are again op. But not only could a mod balance them, but also the game is so addictive and enjoyable to play, that you wont even notice this. Amazing and one of the few games that really evolved from the prequels.
Chef Boyardee	Recommended	181.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/43barabe/	As of the fixes, game runs smooth.It is a pretty good game, I wont lie. But I did like some of the previous instalments more.I will be playing it, don't get me wrong. I will, however, be praying for mods that add complexity, which wasn't the case in any other TW game (I don't count Rome 2 and Atilla as TW games, had no interest in them).If you love the Warhammer universe you definitely want this one. If you are in love with TW and not so much Warhammer, I'd suggest buying yourself other games from the series- Shogun 2, Medieval 1/2, Rome, if you don't have them yet.
Apologisee	Recommended	125.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198086371218/	Real fun, only issue is that apparently i have an out of date version which doesnt allow me to join online games.
Esser2002	Recommended	51.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198133125532/	finally a good warhammer fantasy game
Suyadon	Recommended	1,597.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198006641656/	Only 45 hours logged in thus far as the vampire counts, but quite certain this is the best Total War game to date. My only irritation thus far (yup again) is I had to take time away from the game to write this review.
Judgecam	Recommended	81.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198044709439/	I love it! As soon as I got in and with that first strike of Karl Franz's hammer I was hooked.I have not experienced any bugs and it runs great for me. Definitely my favorite Total War now.
ClutchCat	Recommended	28.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198045775940/	This is what Total War should be! WWith mods to make it more to your liking.
Demonrich	Recommended	323.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197971134398/	I'm a passionate model painter and gamer as well as loving the Total War games since Rome. It's a perfect combination for me!Factions behave so differently it is like playing a different game with each one, rather than just a re-skin with earlier games. Monsters like dragons and giants really add a lot to the battles to make them more exciting. More races will be added as DLC and I imagine, based on the current game, that will add a lot of replayability.There are some things missing from previous games, like unit formations (wedges for cavalry!) Also, although the factions are very different from each other, there aren't that many in the core game... see DLCThere are a few bugs that need ironing out but when aren't there with a Total War game! If you are really into Warhammer and Total War then get it, although my advice is to give it a few months for it to be patched up.
Foxem	Recommended	12.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/GamerFoxem/	Product received for free
Keeneye88	Recommended	93.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198011592214/	Brilliant! Love it!Need skin options for the for different chaos gods, cool dlc idea!And a variation in giant skins as they all look the same when you have alot, mabe have female giants, bearded giants etc.More maps!Bloody love this game!
KILLERFNG99991	Recommended	47.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198107062476/	Works great, nvida products work greatwould recommend to all.
Varment	Recommended	60.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198008507367/	The first Total War game I have ever been able to get into.
Kasey5597	Recommended	500.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198066826715/	Better than the other ones (if you enjoy the fantasy style).
Necropolitan13	Recommended	1,249.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197973546375/	Alright, I figure I should write a review for this before the first week is up to help people decide whether or not to get it early for the bonus DLC. So here goes.TL;DR - This is a whole new Total War game than we've seen so far. The sheer variety of units, aesthetically and functionally, will have me (and probably you) learning how to play this game for some time, and enjoying every minute of it! ***Update: The game does have a few minor issues, like not having enough useful structures to build and battle reinforcements coming in from seemingly random directions, but overall it's still quite solid and a lot of fun.*** 1-19-17 Update: I've played this game a lot more since this initial review, and a lot has changed. A lot of new DLC has been added, and several for free, including today's Grombrindal, a new Dwarf Legendary Lord. My issues with the game have pretty much been entirely remedied in the updates to the game, and I have found, after playing on higher difficulties, that my issue with not having enough useful buildings becomes moot, as the higher difficulties make all of the buildings useful. I have all the DLC as well, and recommend those just as much as the base game.===================================I've put a lot of time into Total War games over the last few years. Well over 2000 hours between the last three major entries alone (Shogun 2, Rome 2, and Attila). It has been a long time since I've had to learn how to fight a battle in Total War. TW: Warhammer is making me learn how to fight battles anew.The striking variety of units in this game is going to take me a while to process and even longer to learn how to use effectively. Every faction has a completely different feel and utility to them, even if the base mechanics are the same. It's a totally new game from anything CA has done before, but the balance of it all is, so far, impressive.I got the game on release day, after reading some early reviews, and started a Dwarf campaign. I figured they'd be a good place to start learning the game. I quickly came to understand that Dwarfs (as Warhammer likes to say) are the most stout faction in the game; and that makes a lot of sense, obviously. I was able to win fights I had no business winning simply because my units have ridiculous armor and leadership, so they will stand in the face of pretty extreme odds and come out pretty well off.Having finished that campaign quite handily (playing on Normal difficulty, achieving a long victory), I decided to try something different. I started a Chaos Warriors campaign (also on Normal). I have so far been put rather off balance with this new faction. It plays rather similarly to the hordes of TW: Attila, so it wasn't totally new to me, but I never did play as the Huns much, so it's still a very different and difficult transition, especially coming from a Dwarfen campaign. The Chaos Warriors play COMPLETELY differently from the Dwarfs, and I have found them to be much more difficult; but they are also a lot of fun.And that's what grabs me the most so far. Learning how to play the game. It has been a long, long time since I've had to do any significant learning in a Total War game. The main mechanics of the game are there in familiar ways, but the way the factions interact is totally different. It adds so much replayability to a series I (obviously) already found quite replayable.I also wanted to address other reviews saying it has poor performance. I think that performance is something that is likely hit or miss. For me, I haven't had any issues I think are worth mentioning. If you are an extreme framerate snob, you might have problems with this game's performance, as it isn't silky smooth 100% of the time. But it is by no means unplayable. To me, the framerate issues are barely noticable and do nothing to diminish the enjoyment of the game. I run the game on high settings (with ultra unit size), and might be able to push it a bit more if I thought my computer wouldn't start overheating (I have somewhat poor cooling).Oh, and lastly, a note on multiplayer. I started a campaign with a friend as well, and so far it's been quite fun. However, we have experienced a couple of crashes over the course of the 6 or so hours we played. They usually seemed to be a result of one of us doing something in the game while the other was trying to engage in a battle or something, so it isn't something constant and perhaps could be avoided with careful communication between the players. Not ideal, but workable.All in all, I think this is a very solid release and worth the purchase. Hope this has been helpful.***********************Update: So I've played a lot more since my initial review, and figured I should update it to reflect what I've learned about the game. I've now completed the campaign for every playable faction currently in the game. I use a few minor mods to enhance the experience, but the core of the gameplay is still vanilla. I've played 3 of the campaigns on normal and 2 on hard. Each campaign takes between 200 and 300 turns, generally, which is a pretty good length.However, one of the main problems I find I often have is filling out my selttlements in the late game. There just aren't enough useful structures to build, so I usually end up saving money by not building anything in some settlement slots, rather than building something I don't need in the settlement. It's a fairly minor problem, but it does make the late game feel a bit shallow. I think being on higher difficulties may alleviate this a little bit, as it is more important to build public order-boosting structures. But it's a cheap fix.Another big problem I have with the game is the reinforcement locations in battles. Battlefield/reinforcement orientation seems to be largely random, and makes some battles that should be easily winnable very problematic, as your forces may be split up unpredictably and unfavorably. It is nice, however, that you are able to see the locations that reinforcements will be coming in for both your own and the enemy's before the battle begins, so you can start to plan accordingly.Overall, however, the game is still a lot of fun and, I think, well worth the money. They have already released a significant update for the game, and are working on another one to come out alongside the new faction DLC later on, and I expect they will continue to improve the game as they have in the past. I am looking forward to more factions and fun in fantasy warfare.************************************1-19-17 Update: I've now played the game quite extensively, and own all of the DLC (and completed the mini-campaigns). I still say this game is very worth-while. I've been playing on very hard in recent campaigns, and even completed a legendary Empire campaign. I still have fun playing it. The reinforcements issue has been resolved, so now they will come into the battle from a direction relative to their position on the campaign map, and on very hard and legendary all buildings are pretty useful, so those problems have been resolved for me. They continue to make tweaks and add a lot of stuff, even increasing the value of their DLCs with added units and lords. If you still have doubts about this game, then I strongly recommend to at least grab the base game on sale some time and see for yourself, but I recommend the DLC as well.
Upset Gumby	Recommended	206.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mistergumby/	The Empire endures
Foxem	Recommended	12.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/GamerFoxem/	Product received for free
Keeneye88	Recommended	93.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198011592214/	Brilliant! Love it!Need skin options for the for different chaos gods, cool dlc idea!And a variation in giant skins as they all look the same when you have alot, mabe have female giants, bearded giants etc.More maps!Bloody love this game!
KILLERFNG99991	Recommended	47.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198107062476/	Works great, nvida products work greatwould recommend to all.
Varment	Recommended	60.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198008507367/	The first Total War game I have ever been able to get into.
Kasey5597	Recommended	500.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198066826715/	Better than the other ones (if you enjoy the fantasy style).
Necropolitan13	Recommended	1,249.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197973546375/	Alright, I figure I should write a review for this before the first week is up to help people decide whether or not to get it early for the bonus DLC. So here goes.TL;DR - This is a whole new Total War game than we've seen so far. The sheer variety of units, aesthetically and functionally, will have me (and probably you) learning how to play this game for some time, and enjoying every minute of it! ***Update: The game does have a few minor issues, like not having enough useful structures to build and battle reinforcements coming in from seemingly random directions, but overall it's still quite solid and a lot of fun.*** 1-19-17 Update: I've played this game a lot more since this initial review, and a lot has changed. A lot of new DLC has been added, and several for free, including today's Grombrindal, a new Dwarf Legendary Lord. My issues with the game have pretty much been entirely remedied in the updates to the game, and I have found, after playing on higher difficulties, that my issue with not having enough useful buildings becomes moot, as the higher difficulties make all of the buildings useful. I have all the DLC as well, and recommend those just as much as the base game.===================================I've put a lot of time into Total War games over the last few years. Well over 2000 hours between the last three major entries alone (Shogun 2, Rome 2, and Attila). It has been a long time since I've had to learn how to fight a battle in Total War. TW: Warhammer is making me learn how to fight battles anew.The striking variety of units in this game is going to take me a while to process and even longer to learn how to use effectively. Every faction has a completely different feel and utility to them, even if the base mechanics are the same. It's a totally new game from anything CA has done before, but the balance of it all is, so far, impressive.I got the game on release day, after reading some early reviews, and started a Dwarf campaign. I figured they'd be a good place to start learning the game. I quickly came to understand that Dwarfs (as Warhammer likes to say) are the most stout faction in the game; and that makes a lot of sense, obviously. I was able to win fights I had no business winning simply because my units have ridiculous armor and leadership, so they will stand in the face of pretty extreme odds and come out pretty well off.Having finished that campaign quite handily (playing on Normal difficulty, achieving a long victory), I decided to try something different. I started a Chaos Warriors campaign (also on Normal). I have so far been put rather off balance with this new faction. It plays rather similarly to the hordes of TW: Attila, so it wasn't totally new to me, but I never did play as the Huns much, so it's still a very different and difficult transition, especially coming from a Dwarfen campaign. The Chaos Warriors play COMPLETELY differently from the Dwarfs, and I have found them to be much more difficult; but they are also a lot of fun.And that's what grabs me the most so far. Learning how to play the game. It has been a long, long time since I've had to do any significant learning in a Total War game. The main mechanics of the game are there in familiar ways, but the way the factions interact is totally different. It adds so much replayability to a series I (obviously) already found quite replayable.I also wanted to address other reviews saying it has poor performance. I think that performance is something that is likely hit or miss. For me, I haven't had any issues I think are worth mentioning. If you are an extreme framerate snob, you might have problems with this game's performance, as it isn't silky smooth 100% of the time. But it is by no means unplayable. To me, the framerate issues are barely noticable and do nothing to diminish the enjoyment of the game. I run the game on high settings (with ultra unit size), and might be able to push it a bit more if I thought my computer wouldn't start overheating (I have somewhat poor cooling).Oh, and lastly, a note on multiplayer. I started a campaign with a friend as well, and so far it's been quite fun. However, we have experienced a couple of crashes over the course of the 6 or so hours we played. They usually seemed to be a result of one of us doing something in the game while the other was trying to engage in a battle or something, so it isn't something constant and perhaps could be avoided with careful communication between the players. Not ideal, but workable.All in all, I think this is a very solid release and worth the purchase. Hope this has been helpful.***********************Update: So I've played a lot more since my initial review, and figured I should update it to reflect what I've learned about the game. I've now completed the campaign for every playable faction currently in the game. I use a few minor mods to enhance the experience, but the core of the gameplay is still vanilla. I've played 3 of the campaigns on normal and 2 on hard. Each campaign takes between 200 and 300 turns, generally, which is a pretty good length.However, one of the main problems I find I often have is filling out my selttlements in the late game. There just aren't enough useful structures to build, so I usually end up saving money by not building anything in some settlement slots, rather than building something I don't need in the settlement. It's a fairly minor problem, but it does make the late game feel a bit shallow. I think being on higher difficulties may alleviate this a little bit, as it is more important to build public order-boosting structures. But it's a cheap fix.Another big problem I have with the game is the reinforcement locations in battles. Battlefield/reinforcement orientation seems to be largely random, and makes some battles that should be easily winnable very problematic, as your forces may be split up unpredictably and unfavorably. It is nice, however, that you are able to see the locations that reinforcements will be coming in for both your own and the enemy's before the battle begins, so you can start to plan accordingly.Overall, however, the game is still a lot of fun and, I think, well worth the money. They have already released a significant update for the game, and are working on another one to come out alongside the new faction DLC later on, and I expect they will continue to improve the game as they have in the past. I am looking forward to more factions and fun in fantasy warfare.************************************1-19-17 Update: I've now played the game quite extensively, and own all of the DLC (and completed the mini-campaigns). I still say this game is very worth-while. I've been playing on very hard in recent campaigns, and even completed a legendary Empire campaign. I still have fun playing it. The reinforcements issue has been resolved, so now they will come into the battle from a direction relative to their position on the campaign map, and on very hard and legendary all buildings are pretty useful, so those problems have been resolved for me. They continue to make tweaks and add a lot of stuff, even increasing the value of their DLCs with added units and lords. If you still have doubts about this game, then I strongly recommend to at least grab the base game on sale some time and see for yourself, but I recommend the DLC as well.
Upset Gumby	Recommended	206.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mistergumby/	The Empire endures
Treg Almighty	Recommended	185.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198027509778/	I just keep eating dwarves with Grimgor. This is the simulation I have been waiting for
Pitbully	Recommended	14.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197999929408/	I just wish i could use Froddo
ZombieGylvan	Recommended	490.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197972027080/	Wow.  This is everything i expected it to be and more.  Great total war mashup with Warhammer fantasy.
Gimmley	Recommended	37.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/grimmley/	Best Total War game since Medieval 2, only complaint is that the load times are rather high but overall the game is good enough to overcome that
][	Recommended	978.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/georgedandalis/	Great graphics, great performance, playable even on my very old pc at medium, no boring typical TW game, great battles, great strategy, great character lvling, great etc. Simply the best game of many years and will be with its expansions for many more years. I recommend it 100% in all my pro gaming honor. And super fun!!!!!!! Just turn off the antivirus completely when playing  this game and it wont lag at all, but turn antivirs off completely and restart the pc if the antivirus needs this to be turned off but remember to turn it on when not playing, i did that and it doesnt lag on high, it runs great. THIS IS TOTAL WARHAMMER - SPARTA - EPICNESS!!!!!!!!!!!!Also formation abilities are already in the game in passive form for example charge defence vs all etc and this is so well thought cause its no longer a pike wall spam fest for example, also units themselves have active abilities.Also this is IMPORTANT: after making a group for example ctrl+4, then u  select that group so all units are selected and press ctrl+G, it saves the unit formation and enables group attack, which is like the a-move in rts, u select when u want the group and click it to attack an enemy unit and the units of the crtl+G group will target different enemy squads which are close to the target, of course the targets arent always the most optimal so u can select those units which dont have the best target and manually set target but this saves a lot of time and like that u dont have to press pause all the time to manually set targets fr each unit of your army.A game with both campaign and multiplayer being GREAT - INTELLIGENT - STRATEGIC, plain and simple.
Oxmathus	Not Recommended	63.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Oxmathus/	Had to not recommend the game just because of how they're starting to treat DLC for the game.
Beef_Supreme	Recommended	75.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198121234426/	Pretty sure I sold my soul to Nurgle for this game back in 200X. Thank you, CA, for literally making all of my childhood gaming wishes come true. What is there to say about this game? It's some of the best stuff from the Total War series, balls deep in Warhammer lore. Plus you've got deep charcter progression and asymetrical races with wildly different playstyles. Battles look insane, and for the first time in a Total War game, characters are actually interesting.Besides epic fantasy battles(tm), everything else in this game feels like an afterthought. And that's ok. I'm not interested in having political discussions with the Greenskins and Dwarves. I want to watch hordes of them smash into each other with blunt instruments and squigs in slow motion. If you need a deep 4x game, look elsewhere. While the campaign includes typical 4x strategy features, they're shallow and don't add much to the game. So basically if legions of monsters killing each other for your entertainment sounds pretty cool, and you aren't particularly interested in civ-style spreadsheets, this is your game! On a final note, the base game includes hundreds of hours of gameplay for $15. The people complaining about $7 DLC are the same people complaining that their parents started charging them rent after they turned 30. Don't be those people. Support awesome games and the people that make them.  
PANIC BOMB	Not Recommended	17.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/BrainlessGod/	No matter how fun a game might be at launch there's no earthly way to recommend it when such an abundant amount of it is locked behind a paywall that doesn't really need to be there. That's not helping the developers, and it's not paying for extra, it's paying to play a full game you already bought because they said so. That's called a scam, and safe to say that kind of falls under the "not good" category. Total War is fun, Warhammer is fun, but this game has Games Workshop syndrome and you won't find any reprieve from their normal money-grubbing tactics here.
chris	Recommended	9.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198007325831/	 cool stuff so far runs perfect.
travisw8080	Recommended	329.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198182764906/	This game is fantastic! The replayability is amazing the campain map is awesome, the faction selections it fantastic, the battles are cinematic as ♥♥♥♥, and it overall a 10/10 best total war ever made.
cg_destro	Not Recommended	66.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/cgdestro/	It's ok game but when you buy game you buy half of it, want all factions? pay more than price of base game to get them.Gameplay - at first it feel great, big battles, good visuals quite pleasant to eye but after a while it gets more and more repetitive and tedious. The game it terribly long, to finish campaign you need a lot of time and it gets more and more of the same. After some time it doesn't even matter much how your warriors looks like up close, you mostly zoomed out to see whole battlefield and wait till someone is dead :) Well you do some action during battle but when you set your armies and start battle you can't do all that much to change your tactics and adopt to situation you didn't predict unless you have some fast units like cavalry or flying units then you can flank and what not but with basic units you set them and fight with what you get and hope you have more units that your enemy :)  And watching your small points fighting enemy small points on battlefield and doing some small action, casting spells and so on gets really tiresome after a while. There is autoresolve option to skip easy battles but sometimes your casualties are way bigger than it should be when you control you army.
Badminton	Recommended	117.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198099638146/	Despite all the DLC policy hate, the game itself is good.
1stLaksamana	Recommended	513.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198031910152/	After 133 hours completing legendary greenskin and one week later, im on the verge of breaking up with my 2 girlfriends, losing my job and getting reported for a missing person.This is my first ever steam game review.I have been playing total war since shogun 1. i had great time playing rome 1 and shogun 2. im also a huge fan of warhammer since the days of dark omen . i was excited when i got to know about this game just 6 months ago. hated the fact that they had day 1 DLC. Every time i play a game on launch day, i expect minor hiccups. This game gave me black screen for the opening cinematic because i was using nvidia card, this has been fixed with the game's hotfix and now game runs fine. there were 3 crashes over 133 hours of game play when i tried to swap units between armies. it was annoying. then i realized one crash every two days for a week old game is not a huge issue. at least it was not like rome 2, which was ...well, u know.What i like about this game is that all the units from different races are not reskins of each other. unlike shogun 2, all the units of different races has their own stats and attributes. i learned this the hard way when my armies which gave me decisive victories towards one race suffered crushing defeats at the hands of another race. - i could not mop the whole map with the same army composition. however, it could be the legendary setting since we suffer a huge penalty and the AI gains huge advantages, even the slightest difference causes major set backs. i was forced to go indepth in understanding each races' units before creating a spesific army for each of them. the economy of races are also done differently, which is a cool thing.What i didn't like is the multiplayer. it is bare bones. the set up for multiplayer game feels like it is from the 90s. they could learn a lot more from shogun 2 where they had clans, conquest map, smart auto matchmaking and the coolest of all is creating your own avatar and equipping him with gears which drop after a battle is done. each item has it's own stats and completing a particular set would give extra stats. i had expected this from day 1 for warhammer since they had it in shogun 2.What surprised me is that the AI seems to be quite smart. i had to fight a battle since i got outmanevoured by the AI, AI had a huge army with weak warboss (orc's general), while i had a battered army with experienced warboss. i had thought that i could try to win this battle by killing the AI's warboss with mine and the rest of his army would rout. when the battle started, that warboss did something no greenskin had done - he stayed way back and did not engage me in melee. that cupking coward. my army was wiped out, my warboss dead and his gear looted. What didn't matter to me is the graphics. im running on a budget card......while the graphics aren't top notch but still it looked good when i zoomed in using the cinematic mode. when you have to fight and command your army on the battlefield, things like units details or grass details becomes negligible. i switched to cinematic mode two times on battles  that i knew i would definately win - i wish that i had a high end gpu so i could watch the units in action.bottomline. this is a fantasy total war. there is no history to follow other than from the lore of warhammer. there is no tetsudo formation and such, however, units with shields automatically raise up their shields under missle fire, this blocks 30% of incoming fire for orcs boyz, while the goblins, having smaller body and could cover their limbs better, could block 50% of missle fires, provided that they are facing the correct direction. i think this automation is convinient and done in part so there would be less micomanagement due to the fact that our attention would be shifted to focus on casting magic and activating magical hero gears. i believe only players who like both total war and warhammer lore would truly enjoy this game.im not sure if i should make amends with my girlfriends or start a dwarf legendary campaign.
Sundown	Not Recommended	109.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198009999045/	I have mixed feelings...The Good: *The warhammer world fits so well into a total war type game*Graphically Beautiful*Great Animations and combat Visuals*I want to like it so muchThe Bad:*Lack of a choice formations in battles*Siege battles only have one or two walls to attack*Unwalled settlements lack any houses or any evidence that people live and work there in the battles, it just doesnt feel like your fighing over soming valuable like a village when its just a battle on a plain.*Battles seem to end too quickly*All maps are basicly the same apart from walled settlemnts which only have a few skins.*Ridiculous DLC prices (i really dont understand this i paid £45 for the game then they release a free DLC which is obviously content held back from the game on release then they release a race pack with a mini campaign which is £14... crazy!)
captain cook	Not Recommended	41.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/RoguePudi/	A total war game that isnt historical....... ehhhhhh. i dunno, i'll admit ur being greedy CAWhat this game lacks as of right now is contentFirst off, the campaign introduces you to a new playing style that you'll find unique to the total war series. The base game contains 5 factions, 4 which are playable in the base game, the bretonnian faction is only playable in custom battles, the 6th exclusive faction, the Chaos Warriors, is only obtained by paying 8 ♥♥♥♥ing dollars....... I mean seriously, the faction that is the most unique is locked off from the base game... get ur act together CA. The new hero/ lord units is a nice way to start this new series. being able to have a single hero character leading the rest of the army is very fitting towards the fantasy setting.When it comes to the playable factions in the game (including CW), they are all unique and new to the total war series.The Empire This faction I reckon has the most intresting playing style out of the 4 base factions, their trademark unit is the Steam tank which is not unlocked until later in the game whilst progressing through the story and tech tree. other than that its the most traditional total war faction, playing as this faction, you won't find anything that complicated. In terms of damage which is something new to this game, ranged units seem to do less, compared to their cavalry and melee counterparts. The rival faction of the empire are the Vampire counts, it also has a trait that activates when the chaos warriors appear where diplomacy for the dwarfen and bretonnian factions are improved in order to stop the horde. Overall this faction is best suited to beginners and old total war players.The DwarfsHeavily relying on ranged units ie. cannons and guns, this faction focuses on strength of a single unit rather than larger armies, rather than its greenskin counterparts which i will elaborate on later. Its trademark units are its gyrocopters, which are used in small numbers but are very effective. Lord gameplay is very similar to the Empire, but instead of magic, it uses guns.The Vampire CountsThe rival faction of the Empire, it relies on corruption, which is pretty much attacking and causing the terrain/ city to become corrupt, Hero gameplay with the counts is a much more bigger part to its playstyle, you send heros into a area and spread corruption, in which causing enough corruption sparks rebellion. When it comes to the battlefield, the vampire's greatest power is the ability to raise the dead, using swarms of undead units, it can overwhelm their enemies, Hero characters reviving its dead or summoning the dead and sending them to swarm the enemy. This faction is best left to more experienced playersGreenskinRivals of dwarfs, their playstyle is similar to the vampires, but instead of corruption, it is replaced by a constant stream of war, Greenskins have a trait where they must always be at war and constantly battling it out, other then that, theres nothing too special about this faction and the vampire counts. Warriors of ChaosThis faction suprisingly isn't that special, even though I did say this was the most unique earliers, Its because its pretty much the Huns from attila, you can't colonise/ occupy towns, but can only raze or create a puppet faction, Tech tree only helps further the build tree which lets you have more units. It uses corruption like the Vampires and other than that nothing too special.So overall, with an upcoming dlc that adds a factions, this game... it just doesn't deliever, theres not enough content for this $60 game. If you do get it, go to the workshop and download the bretonnian faction mod, at least that adds more to it but its best to wait until this game has at least double the content avalible right now.
crookim	Not Recommended	219.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198345457661/	I like this game, but 50% of it is DLC, so if you are prepared to throw money away for every cool faction then this is the right game for you, if not then just get any other game on steam, CA DLC hostage game policy is horrible to say the least, fan boys will tell you that this is how the game makes money, yeah i get it, but that doesnt mean that when i pay  $60 i im only getting half a game and  one third of whole a map!
Zero Summ	Recommended	52.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ZeroSumm/	Pros:Everything great about the Total War series married to Warhammer fantasy lore.Massive fantasy battlefields. Strategically command your troops, then zoom in to observe the carnage.Hero equipments and customization.Graphics - Combat visuals look great.Fun co-op experience.Neutral:The over-world is not as deep as other 4x games, but that's not necessarily a bad thing. Let's face it, we're mainly here for the battles.Cons:DenuvoOverpriced DLC, a bulk of the DLC should have probably been part of the base game.Computer Specs: Intel i7 5930k (O.C. 4 GHz), EVGA GTX 1080ti FE (O.C. 2,000~ MHz), 32GB DDR4 3000 RAM, LG 34UM95 (3440x1440, 60hz), 500GB Samsung 850 Pro SSD. 
Savage	Recommended	130.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197975359487/	I have played every total war game that has been released so far. Unfortuntely, the last TW game that I was satisfied with was Rome Total War, the first one.  Empire Total War felt like a prototype rather than an actual game, suffering from some nasty bugs, silly AI (much more silly than normal) and horrible performance optimisation.Shogun TW was decent, yet limited in scope and play. It's main flaw was limited replay value. Shogun 2 was popular and score a lot of points with the fanbase, but I absoloutely hated its cheating blatant AI which was more apparent this time round and enemy agent spams (something that Warhammer suffers from at the moment sadly).Rome 2: Total War had to be one of the franchises biggest launch disappointments. A lot of the issues got fixed by the time Empire edition came around, but by then it was too late. Rome 2 has a bad interface, terrible politic mechanics and mundane boring micromanagement features such as the leveling up of your leaders, which ended up becoming less of a chore in Warhammer.The Total War series has been on a losing streak since Rome Total War, trying to recapture the magic that the iconic R:TW is known for. Until now...Warhammer Total War has finally taken the mantle as the best Total War game since Rome, and sits loftly on its throne, goading and chiding all its previous titles like an angry Thorgrim Grudgebearer reading through his Grudgebook. Thankfully, the reputation for the Total War series has been salvaged, one less grudge to be concerned about. Warhammer is not only a solid release - minus the few remaining bugs - but its also has solid performance, and a solid stable multiplayer that I've been enjoying far too much.Right away its easy to see that Creative Assembly have poured their hearts and souls into this title. They clearly love the Warhammer Universe and have done it great justice. As a fan of Warhammer, its lore and a current active GM for Warhammer Fantasy Roleplay, I would be the first to jump down their throats if they messed up this title as its very close to the heart, and its good to know that they have done it justice.Now, some minor gripes do remain, mostly lore ones: The colours of most of the state troops are wrong for the various Empire provinces, as are the appearance of some of the Elector Counts, I'm looking at you Boris Todbringer!Yet these are just a drop in the ocean, and issues like these can be readily fixed by mods and such. Leveling up skills of your leaders was a complete chore in Rome 2, uninteresting, annoyingly mundane and full of micromanagement. However, in Warhammer Total War, all that has changed. You still level up your heroes and leaders, but the skill tree interface, rather than smacking you in the face and shoving it in the mud like the previous total war game, here it treats you kindly and you know what your looking at. Not only that, but the skill trees (and the tech trees) are done really well, full of detail and surprisingly full of content, with each skill tree becoming different depending on the hero.Rome 2's dull micromanagement system (and its awful attempt at politics) is all done away with for a much more favoured approach of retaining depth and complexity yet keeping it simple to use.From the interface to the way everything just feels 'right', TW Warhammer certainly earns its place as the top franchise title. My only regret is that they didn't call it Total Warhammer... *Sigh*This game also has the most potential of any other previous title, as there is so much they can do to not only improve the game, but also to expand upon it. With two HUGE new standalone (urgh, standalone...) expansions on the way, and dlc (and FLC) on the way for the first title, this is an exciting time to be a Warhammer fan.
_Belly_25021109	Not Recommended	106.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197964498244/	It's a good game, I've played around 90hrs at the time of writing. Game runs very smoothly, graphics are pretty good for a game that came out a couple of years ago, sound design is also well done (love the voice acting). But, I expected blood. No blood in Warhammer? Please...Oh... Wait it has blood, but it costs more £ ? Hahahahahahahahahaha. The game is already full price but the DLC just feels like the devs ripped a ♥♥♥♥ ton of stuff out of the main game and charged more money for it! Total rip off. The game is good, but not worth £100+ for all the content. Just seems a bit greedy.Wait for a sale!
wow	Recommended	48.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198076822741/	Played as Empire.Archaon spawned.ALT + TAB out to google The End Times.ALT + TAB back to game to realise that everyone will die.Game crashes.13/10 immersion.
Vidal	Not Recommended	108.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/vidal1234/	I love Total war series, but RED SHELL destroyed it for me , they can remove red shell but the damage was done, how can we trust in CA again?
Echedey	Not Recommended	95.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198056056021/	Do not install, this game contains spyware called Redshell.dll which steals your private information.
LeontheGreat	Not Recommended	411.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198218160953/	Why is this game still full price when the second one has been out for months now??Oh and the base game feels like such a rip considering half of the roster is locked behind stupidly expensive DLC I bet EA is impressed by CAs business practices.
Dill-Dickels	Recommended	231.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198125557396/	Total War FantasyYes, I bought all the DLCNo, half shouldn't be DLCYes, I enjoy the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of this game regardless9/10Update: I'm lovin' the elves ;)
Rurik	Recommended	60.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198263427469/	A nice strategy game.I am writing this review using my memories. I played it 1.5 years ago.I know there are a lot of games in Total War series. I tried to play them before, but I didn't get it.But this game in fantasy series engaged me for a long time. Actually, I played 60 hours in 10 days, playing every day after work. It means the game is really and really special.https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=877840842There are 2 parts of the gameplay. Real time battle. I played it for 2-3 times but it didn't hooked me up. Other part of the game which I liked most is turn based grand strategy. You have a huge map to conquire. There are a lot of enemies who will try to stop you. They attack from everywhere. You need to reorganize your resources and army to stand against them. Economy part of the game is important too. You need to improve every conquired city to raise your income for making larger army.I played on Very Hard and it was really hard. I was in the center of the map and enemies attacked from 4 ways.Sometimes it was a stalemate situation. If I tried to move army to one way, I got lost on the another. I tried a lot of difference ways to get an advantage. It took a lot of hours and nerves. But, I win anyway. I got so much positive feelings when I finally made it.https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=877844095Pros- A lot of everything. Every race has unique style of the game, a set of units and buildings and etc- Strategy required- Very engaging gameplay (Turn-based part of the game)Neutral- Sometimes it gets extremely hard. Actually, I played on Very hard, but anyway, I got attacked from 4 different ways. I got desperate very often..- You need to use save/load very often- You can't conquire all cities (only 50% are available)- At later stages requires a lot of repetitive actionsCons- RTS battles get boring very soon- Neutral guys at North is pain. Your army at their land get damaged every turn. It was so annoying to fight against them.https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=877840885ResumeBe fair, I got this game with Humble Monthly. Actually, It was a reason why I subscribed. I am not sure if it cost 60$, but I got it for 12$ (and a bunch of other games). I played it for 60 hours. It was just one big campaign. When I finished I was very happy because it was really tough challenge. So... If you like strategy games and you will see it on a 50%+ discount. Take it.
BabySealLeatherBoots	Not Recommended	82.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/calzada55/	I want to love this game but what they basically did was give us unique units for once, but then decided that instead of building up from previous games..... They would completely get rid of town battles, get rid of what made siege battles great and give us a completely flat city with a random layout of streets and only one direction to attack from, they also got rid of escalation, and every siege battle is now a reskin of another city.  They also charge $19 for a dlc that actually only adds four new units and reskin all the others. Chaos was also a dlc. All of these features are what made total war different from other games. Don't get me wrong it's a good "average" game, but nothing really stands out about this title even though they add new units. Exteremly dissapointed. Will give thumbs up when dlc is lowered to $7. #lowerbeastdlcto$7. Everybody type this in your review!!! Lol
DiRaven	Not Recommended	56.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/diraven/	Game is ok. Monetization via overpriced DLCs isn't.
Gundalf	Not Recommended	264.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198009387361/	Great Game but I cant stand by CA's future plan for DLC and its price tag. These reviews are the new boycott!
Silly	Recommended	298.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197981473105/	game didn't work, posted not recommended review. hour later got a reply from devs and fixed it. deleted review and posting this one :).for your assistance (and the great game) 10/10
Jizzburger	Not Recommended	91.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198138540072/	Is the game fun? Yes.Is being robbed of my money with downloadable contents that should have been included in the game in the first place fun? No.
[BSG] Hextor	Recommended	252.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197994561843/	So far, I really like it. They stripped down the tech and social trees to stream line the battles. There are quests to get geared up and equipable and swappable retainers. The whole thing seems way more like a battle intensive RPG set in the Total War engine, which is why I bought it. The graphics look great, with diverse little toons amongst the units. They yell, they fight, they die, they get swept through the air and rag dolled by trolls. You can even cast magic and watch them all fry like pork sausages.The game itself runs good too, I have currently played 3 hours over a remote connection with no issues. There was a point on the very first splash screen where I waited for about 10 minutes before the intro started. I thought it was broken but, it started eventually :/ I don't know if multiplayer is working for anyone else but, it crashed my game the two times I clicked Multiplayer so.... that's definitly a bad mark for the game right now. If you wanted to play this game for the multiplayer, hold off till they fix it. (Fixed now)Many people have said that it black screens or constantly crashes on them. I haven't experienced that yet, outside of attempting multiplayer. This game runs on my low end bare bones laptop that i'm remoted into from a crapy Dell. I give it two thumbs up for optimization. Now all I want is an Army Painter so the Warhammer Theme would be complete.
General Kenobi	Not Recommended	58.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198096180769/	It's a really fun game, I really enjoy playing it. However, the amount of content locked behind DLC is outrageous, this kind of day one DLC policy where half the game is not included is unnacceptable and has to stop. Do not buy this game unless you are comfortable dropping 60 bucks to get the half the game, and then another 60 bucks for the rest of it.
Acid	Recommended	54.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/AcidicCDN/	Already better than rome 2. 
Cyborg	Recommended	91.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/playandone/	Finally... After so long. After the pure horror that was Rome II. After the bogged down, sluggish Atilla. After DLC that was pointless and plainly, a rip off. After NO FAMILY TREE in Rome II (the blood boils...). After all of this. Finally. Finally they have gone back to their roots of making a good game. Total War Warhammer is what I have longed for, for so long. The dreams are reality and it's done well.The game is very well optimised out of the gate which is fantastic. The pace of battles of fast and furious, glorious.Epic monsters wade through ranks of intrepid men, smashing and leaving bloody piles in their wakes. Heroes scream resolute cries as they dive headlong into opposing armies into their destinies. Finally we have a game that lives up to the Total War name.HAIL SIGMAR. (Or Blood For the Blood God, if that's your style, or WAAAAAGHHHHHHH!!!) 
Dr. Orpheus	Recommended	33.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/liegeabyss/	TL;DR: Ignore the negative day 1 reviews, the game is amazing and the people at CA stand behind it!I felt compelled to write something here because of the negative reviews. It astounds me that people have this knee-jerk reaction if they run into the slightest roadblock. There has already been a patch for some of the initial problems. The game runs fine on my machine, a 2 year old laptop.I can't speak to the game itself, with it being so new, but I can speak to the people behind the game. The CA team have really outdone themselves to bring us Total War Warhammer.How quickly people forget that CA bent over backwards to give us what we want for this game. Modding? They managed to make it happen despite Games Workshop's iron grip on their property. DLC? They felt so confident that they wouldn't need pre-orders to entice people that they offered it free for the first week so people could see reviews before buying and not be penalized for it. They even delayed the release of the game by a month to make sure that the game was the best it could be, rather than push a broken game out the door to meet a deadline. Review copies? The game was given to  critics and prominent youtubers weeks in advance of the release, and full reviews were out long beforehand so fans could make an informed decision.The team at CA did livestreams, videos, blog posts, EVERY. SINGLE. DAY. For months leading up to release. They showed us as much of the game as they could. They were proud of the work that they had done, and they showed they had nothing to hide. They interacted with the community and listened to feedback, and we could see changes being implemented over time as the game took shape. I have not seen a game company as transparent and responsive as CA has been with this game. They're planning on creating a trilogy of games based on this over the course of the next ten years! Do you really think they will screw up the first game in the series with that much riding on it? They know they have to knock it out of the park with this one or the whole plan falls apart. CA have listened since Rome 2. Attila was a lot of fun, and I have no doubt that I will sink many hours into this game too!
saturn1	Recommended	20.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/saturnhu2008/	Great game a must buy if you enjoy the total war series!+Great Graphics (if your computer can run it like mine)+large sandbox map+flying units (maybe they can consider in the next few years doing a WW1 or WW2 era style game!)-AI could use a little work especially when making deals/diplomacy.+bug free so far for me! 
NotTelling	Recommended	383.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197970354307/	BUY THIS AMAZING GAME!!Cannot recommend this enough - detailed, fun, immersive, complex, moddable (yes, a developer that provides mod-tools on day 1!), the list goes on.It's been out for 2 days and I've spent the last 2 days playing.  Thank **** this weekend is a bank holiday!
Zbig	Recommended	129.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/deathbot314/	I've played all the other Total War games, and this is a good spinoff.  The fantasy setting opens up interesting possibilities for variation on the basic formula. Lord(general) and hero(agent) units, non-human races (with different campaign mechanics), large monster units, spellcasting, flying units are all unique additions and there are some interesting maps like huge castles and underground tunnels. The heroes can be used like agents in previous TW games but can also be embedded with armies to fight on the battlefield.City management in the grand campaign has been simplified and the progression for buildings is more linear probably to make it easier for players new to the series but maybe it will be expanded on in DLC. I guess this is balanced out by the emphasis on Lords and Heroes, each of which level up and have skill trees and can be equipped with items acquired through battles. Also some combat elements are more simplified like there are less formations, no staggered mode, no unit abilities like pike wall, no selectable arrow/projectile types. Some other things I don't like is that assaults on minor settlements don't take place in an unwalled town like other games, but in an open field, there is no naval combat, and there are no placable fortifications like there were in some situations in other games.People who haven't played Total War games before and are interested in this because of Warhammer will probably be blown away by the epicness of the series, and veterans of Total War will like this game because of huge unit variety and fantasy setting you can only get from mods of other TW games.
Giovanni	Recommended	208.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/giovanneh/	BLOOD FOR THE BLOOD GOD, SKULLS FOR THE SKULL THRONE.
The Courier of the Mojave	Recommended	449.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198006923785/	-Solid launch for me. My rig is mid-range at best and I still get pretty smooth FPS after a driver update, even in big battles and with magical effects up the whazoo. No CTDs or obvious bugs thus far either, albeit I get long load times but I'm not using an SSD.-Looks good in motion. Animation work is pretty great across the board, especially the collision of heavy cavalry which is impactful. Large creatures are also superbly animated. Some of it might look too cartoony or blobbish, but it's Warhammer so it fits.-Battle times are on the short side. Even a 20v25 unit Chaos vs Dwarves battle doesn't last 10 minutes. Which is annoying because you barely have time to enjoy the aforementioned animations, and basic units can die very, very quickly.-AI is actually pretty competent, I have to say. It will use its cavalry decently, attempting to outflank you whenever possible and making a beeling for your siege weapons if you leave a gap in your formations. On the campaign map, it will attempt to raid you and attack weaker settlements if you let it, and will initiate diplomacy if it is in its interest.-Factions feel and play very differently, so the somewhat smaller unit roster actually feels larger than in typical Total War games somehow. Some factions are still missing key TT units however (Knightly orders for Empire, Blood Knights for VC, Marks of the various gods for Chaos), albeit DLC might change that.-Magic is weirdly balanced. Big bad vortex spell look flashy but are mostly useless since they deal little damage if they don't just wander off; meanwhile single-target spells can kill even mighty heroes like Grimgor in a few pinpoint casts that you cannot prevent, making the Lore of Death extremely powerful. I'm sure there are other balance issues too, but haven't played enough to really say. Dwarfs do seem extremely tough at the moment, only Chaos and their elite infantry seem to have a chance of breaking their lines.All in all, a very fun experience thus far. I may revist this once I've played more.
The Great Gabby	Recommended	135.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198029296473/	This is honestly the funnest total war has ever been. The battles are great, the factions are different and the campaign is focused. There are a few issues with crashes right now, but it's a fantastic game and the best total war has been since shogun 2
Eazy	Recommended	25.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198005668540/	9/10
kurtsie	Recommended	93.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kuroyushisenpaisaysno/	I ass♥♥♥♥ everything.
leomasci63	Recommended	366.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/leomasci/	Very good game until now, I've played a couple of hours and it is a far better release thajn Rome II "1.0"And it runs pretty smooth on ultra settings, with ultra unit size, on my I5 2550k + AMD Radeon R9 290 + 16Gb Ram!Oh and I didn't have any problem with the game startup - it starts in a few seconds every time!!!
Maty743	Recommended	27.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198007341077/	So far I am very impressed. Bit of a shame there was such a big launch issue which forced people to go offline but that should be fixed very soon.
JP	Recommended	120.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/JizzyP/	I have to say that this game is fantastic. I'm a huge Total War fan, having played since the very first Shogun and almost always getting each new release. I'm not always impressed with CA's performance but more often than not they deliver fantastic entertainemnt with hours worth of fun.As for this game, it's the perfect match-up for these two fantasy titles and you can really tell the time and effort that has gone in to making it look and feel exactly as it should. In some ways it's a typical TW game and in others it's completely new and exciting. The fantasy elemnt makes each battle and skirmish a visual treat and rather than auto-resolving some easy wins i played them just to see what it looked like. Magic has een balanced really well so that it matters without feeling too powerful and the fantasy units such as dragons and giants are lots of fun to use. I find that on my decent spec laptop I am able to run it without any issues and the loading times are lightning quick, which will amaze any of those who remember the loading times of Rome2 when it first appeared.There are a few issues I' not keen on, such as the economy. It seems they have massively stripped back on economy building which means that even with plenty of territory you can'y field too many armies, this gets more and more difficult as the turns roll on and you expand more and more but hopefully someone will mod this if, like me, you find this limiting. I am finding some fram rate drops but I mostly play for the gameplay so this hasn't bothered me overly.Overall I think this is a wonderful new addition to the TW series and a must have for all TW fans out there. I would advise getting this whilst the Chaos DLC is still free.
Triskelli	Recommended	334.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SteemPunker/	Ignore the mixed reviews, that's your standard wailing and gnashing over how each individual DLC is priced.  Total War: Warhammer is a solid fantasy strategy game if you're willing to accept the peculiarites of the Total War series, and among the best adaptations of the Warhammer universe.  I will absolutely reccomend the game to fans of Strategy, Fantasy, and Warhammer in general.
Bucknutts	Recommended	50.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198010894664/	Was skeptical... no longer skeptical...so far the game is awesome!!!!
FunkyRaccoon33	Recommended	125.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198051790313/	it's a good game it doesn't crash and is the best recent total war game
Pillowfy	Recommended	187.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Hellochino/	I am not writing this review for people to read. This will get lost in all the reviews very quickly, but I must reccomend this game to counterbalance the people who didn't because of the small technical issues during the first 4 ish hours of launch. This game deserves your time and money, and I would hate it for them to stop doing what they are doing because of people who don't change their reviews when CA fixes things in the first 4 hours of launch.
HudBudd	Recommended	101.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/HudBudd/	By far one of the most inventive total war games to date. Total War: Warhammer has improved the series in several ways, but is missing some of the tactical options in prior games.Pros:-An incredible improvement on combat. Combat now is far more fast paced. No more do entire units watch the fight as the front line is the only part of the unit engaging. Charging is way more powerful and the impact of the units is impressive.-The campaign unfolds an entire story before you. Each of your heroes and Lords hold so much value that it is horrifying when one is lost. -A great take on hero power and magic.-AMAZING CINEMATICS. The game looks amazing. From giant trolls throwing and smashing soldiers to comets falling onto the battlefield. Cons:-The financial system...-Units are far more limited on "abilities" (I.E shield wall, pike wall, etc.)-AI can, at times, be pretty dumb. On a castle attack that i launched, the remaining defenders within the city center stood completely still as my crossbow men fired on them. I won the battle from letting my ranged units simply pick off the infantry. I'm sure there are far more pros and cons to this game, but i want to keep this review fairly short. All in all, this game is a great investment. The whole Total War system feels cleaner and more fast faced. The units look awesome and the combat is fluid. Kudos, CA.
yung eld	Recommended	102.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/yznW/	literally dishing out more than 60 fps on the campaign map on ultrasomething that seemed impossible in the previous total war titles 10/10EDIT: it's great, best modern TW to date
Daley	Recommended	86.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198047304052/	Product received for free
Loktar	Recommended	86.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/loktar00/	Performace is great vs the last few titles. It's pretty damn fun. Love learning all the units! CA did a great job with this one.
WARBOSS KRUMP	Recommended	206.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197989337620/	WELL KRUMPY.I GET TO LOOT 'N KILL ALL DA WEAKLIN 'UMIEZ, STUNTYZ, ROTTAHZ 'N SPIKEY BOYZ I WANT
Archeon	Recommended	105.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197970882246/	It's like Rome: TW, but Games Workshop!Great game - anyone who likes either the T.W. series, or G.W. stuff, would definitely reccomend it!
{BHC}Sgt.Reapo	Recommended	161.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197995175587/	The most fun I've had in a Total War game in awhile. The improvements to the building of your cities is leaps and bounds better than anything Total War has to offer currently. Everything in the Tech-tree building is something I wish had hit home with past total war games, years ago. Its amazing.Besides absolutley loving everything about Legendary Lords, I'm also loving everything about regular lords and the heroes you can recruit. Being able to spend the time to level them up and get them geared makes it almost heart breaking if you lose them.And siege battles, being one of the most challenging aspects of the game, are a huge success in gameplay for my book. I do wish there was a perk or tech that you can get or research to help speed up the construction of siege equipment, if only buy a couple turns.My only complaints are the models for the units, all they do is really swing at each other and there really isn't a true battle going on, something I've enjoyed watching since it was introduced back in Medieval 2. Also, a disappointing part is that when a Legendary Lord and the enemy Legendary Lord meet in combat, its not the legendary fight you'd expect it to be. Its just a "you hit me, I hit you" slug fest thats boring and doesn't mean anything at all.One last good thing for the review before I wrap this up, Co-Op multiplayer campaign is 1000x better then what it was in Rome2 or Attila. I felt in the past two games that co-op was just a dragging point of gameplay with 4-5 highlights that you can remember. With the help of a mod, TW:Warhammer Co-Op is amazing. Me and my friend have already put in 60 turns into our empire campaign today. And planning and helping eachother is what the game needed to keep me playing the coop for many weeks to come.
Humppaporo	Recommended	91.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197972585682/	Smoothest Total War up to date.
General Kael	Recommended	197.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198008114921/	Total war is the perfect series for the Warhammer Universe. Runs great on my GTX970
Whit Wulf	Not Recommended	161.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197988712414/	Moneygrab, got it because it was on Humble B at 10$. Stuff that sould be in the base game is overcharged as dlc. Dumbed down total war game mechanics in both the campaign and battle map, I cant overlook this so Im not recommending, unless its at an even bigger discount then the summer sale (specially the dlc at least 70%). Could have been the best TW, shame.
DarkLiberator	Recommended	63.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/darkliberator/	Product received for free
General Kenobi	Not Recommended	58.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198096180769/	It's a really fun game, I really enjoy playing it. However, the amount of content locked behind DLC is outrageous, this kind of day one DLC policy where half the game is not included is unnacceptable and has to stop. Do not buy this game unless you are comfortable dropping 60 bucks to get the half the game, and then another 60 bucks for the rest of it.
Acid	Recommended	54.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/AcidicCDN/	Already better than rome 2. 
Nebn	Recommended	12.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198008934808/	WarhammerPRO:It has stunning visual effects and epic musicI was amazed at how detailed the campaign map has become, especially with the effects of Vampiric and Chaos corruption The magic! It is literally amazingA new take on war engines: Empire's bulky steam tank and the Dawi's gyrocoptersAwesome charges - Honestly it is the best improvement that I've seen in the Total War FranchiseDifferent types of playstyles and characteristics for RacesQUESTS!Somewhat different technology trees Good character development for campaignCONS:The battles are shorter &There are some wonky battle animationsRepresentation of health bar on units (<^I don't prefer it)There aren't that many units to choose from (Same units but have greatweapons or shields - lackluster)It feels very streamlined and arcade-styled (Building & Battles)AI has not changed muchThoughts:Most of the changes they made for Warhammer compared to the other installments were pretty good. The campaign is amazing the visuals I've seen were just jaw-dropping. I am in the middle of the Dwarf and Empire campaign and it was very nice to see differences of gameplay. The campaign was streamlined in a way that had awesome character development but the buildings only have positive effects and did not have much strategic value besides money, growth, unit availability. That character development feature replaced the family tree that cameback in Atilla. On another note, quests are awesome. Doing a battle that has a story around it was pretty fun.But a couple things about the battles. The charges were better! Way better! The impacts did not rubberband units around compared to Attila and Rome II. But I did not like the health bars. It was too similar to Total War: Arena on how battles played out. They were quick and most of the times it was just the AI (Vampire Counts and Orcs) double stacking armies. I didn't add this but sieges are too linear and there isn't much change on how the area is mapped out. It's pretty much a wall with towers that shoot at you right away and then roads and plazas to fight through. There wasn't too much complexity on how they played out. At least in the previous games, we were allowed to choose which part of the wall we want to take down. I think this is just due to flying mounts/units. It felt a bit boring.I thought unit compositions for armies are bland. I feel like if they add a bit more to upgrades or have unique or elites, it would add value to the impact of battles just like how leader mounts are portrayed. The battles played out like TW:Arena which was pretty fast (3 units vs 3 units). I would say Warhammer battles are inbetween that and TW: Attila and Rome II. Its not a bad thing but I just prefer the grind fest or individuals duking it out 1v1 like in TW:Shogun II.(I like TW:Arena for its "commander POV" but I didn't like the Arcade-style units in terms of health) VERDICT:I recommend this game!Although it is just a base game and the first installment of a trilogy, it is a great start for Creative Assembly's Total War Franchise. I will be waiting on those darn FREE-LCs and Race DLCs. They may change/add more things and I am excited for it. It is a different game and it is not too bad. I am enjoying the game so far.TL;DR: Streamlined and less complex compared to the rest.Shame to the players that added a negative review for a small hiccup during the launch.Update: I cannot seem to find myself continuing to play this game. In all honesty, I wish they would give us a new historical time period for this franchise and use the mechanics they've gained when they made Warhammer. Please keep the amazing cav charges and flying mechanics. I'm keeping my fingers crossed for a grandiose game like Empire 2.
MajørFletch	Recommended	131.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198043425561/	Total War returns with what could possibly be its best in the series yet. The game mixes the fantasy world of Warhammer into the style of Total War. A match made in heaven; Total War warhammer is a must own for Warhammer Fantasy fans and fans of the Total War series.
Fuze	Recommended	224.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198177848447/	great game best total war soo far but it could use bretonia and kislev as offical playable factions i also love the titanic battles but as empire the chaos warriors keep running from karl franz and my 3 other armys and agants somehow span 10 regions away from chaos wastes but also make blood free this is supposed to be a huge bloodbath but blood costs 2.99 bullsh*t
Vallfar	Recommended	20.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198015992240/	Naice!
nafan_is_win	Recommended	25.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197973031306/	This game is fun.
Toam	Recommended	72.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198020300304/	its good
DEVNZ.Smalljaw	Recommended	309.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198027714922/	Here's a short review, this game combines two things I love, the Total War game Style, and the Genre of Warhammer, i've played 35 hours in the first 2 and a half days of its release, I love it, haven't encountered any bugs, runs very streamlined and multiplayer is awesome, the addition of the mods to help to add more content as you want it (The Mods don't effect the performance and so far don't add any bugs either, so they are a must have)New Update: Don't buy this game unless you want to spend $300 buying additional content or the next game, which is reality is the same game with some new races selling for full price.
I just wanna be pure	Recommended	43.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198010934172/	Although there are a bunch of things i dislike and consider a step backwards in this game, for instance, no town battles, no unit special abilities, and a resimplified auto resolve, this game is the closest i have felt to medieval 2 since the game itself. The battles feel like it and are interesting to watch. I wish city sieges were not so one sided, and I wish there was a family tree and tax rate, but its still miles better than rome 2 and attila ever were.
Eversor	Recommended	158.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197970591211/	Wonderful take of a great and complex background.Monsters in Total War? Take my money : now!
Shadow	Recommended	46.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198007440566/	WAAAGGGHHHHHH! 10/10
leomasci63	Recommended	366.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/leomasci/	Very good game until now, I've played a couple of hours and it is a far better release thajn Rome II "1.0"And it runs pretty smooth on ultra settings, with ultra unit size, on my I5 2550k + AMD Radeon R9 290 + 16Gb Ram!Oh and I didn't have any problem with the game startup - it starts in a few seconds every time!!!
Something completely different	Recommended	382.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198009173518/	This review comes with two disclaimers so we have that out of the way. First off I immedialely installed radious mod (I like his mods, he even made TW Rome 2 (almost) playable) and I am a big fan of the warhammer fantasy game which I played in my younger years quite extensively.I love Warhammer TW. The game is pure enjoyment to me. It runs well, it loads swiftly compared to previous titles, only had one crash in 25 hours and the content is awesome. It also really gives me the Warhammer vibe.Things I feel are worth mentioning:You can play five races, but they all have a distinct playstyle and feel and I'd rather have five races like this then fifty with rosters that are over for 90% indentical. The mechanics for races are differant so that each race has it's own strenghts, weaknesses and challenges and feels truly unique. Love it. An example is the dwarven book of grudges which 'forces' the dwarves to focus on certain matters or get a penalty on relations and public order as your longbeard grumble and while this can be a pain it meshes SO well with the lore and the dwarves as a race it's awesome.A lot of things that I never enjoyed have been cut. No more food or sanitation (wouldnt make sense with orcs and undead anyway) or corruption* (If I want to play with that I'd play Civ games.) No naval battles. Never enjoyed those as ships sank as soon as they were looked at.*with that I mean corruption based on how cities were from the capital, not vampiric/chaos corruption.Fantasy! Monsters! Heroes! It really livens up the battles for me. Magic has been well done too though some spells feel a little unbalanced to me. The map of the old world is also well made. It's fairly large and includes Tilia, Estalia and Bretonnia.Agents are the Warhammer heroes and when attached to an army they appear on the roster and take to the field to fight. This is one of the most awesome features in the game imho.The legendary heroes are very well implemented, their level-up paths give many options and you can customize em further with magical items/ mounts. Though at level 30 I reckon you pretty much have to take the entire tree.The research trees suit the races. The dwarven tree is enormous, the vampire tree substantial, the empire tree I feel is a bit lacking and the orc tree is as big as an orcs brain (Read 'Tiny') - I haven't looked at the chaos tree yet. The factions have been rather lovingly made, they look pretty awesome and I was pleasantly surprised when I encountered an ai controlled savage orc faction for one. I hope Bretonnia is distinct from the empire too (havent fought em yet.) I really hope night goblins are in too and if not that they are added. Skaven should be added too as should elves (wood elves already live on the continent after all.)I'd give this game two thumbs up if I could. Best TW game in years and one that makes me wish for DLC's with more races already!
GrudgeTheDutchman	Recommended	210.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/GrudgeNL/	Updated: By far the most solid Total War game yet!I have been playing the dwarfs on hard difficulty and have been enjoying the challenges a lot. From the dwarfs to the north being overrun by vampires, to two Greenskin benemoths settling for peace to focus on me. The chaos invasions are a challenge on their own. They have a far more prominent role than the Huns did in TW: Attila.The game is challening, immersive and just awesome to play. Mods now litter the workshop increasing the replayability even more, while CA will work on free-lc and dlc to bring an additional layer of variety.Pro's: - Narrative driven and large amounts of lore- Various different unit types, shapes and sizes and many different types of units performing unique roles.- The Art style and high quality assets- Quest Battles- Land Battles- UI- Chaos Invasions- Magic- Lord Progression and Customisation- Lots of mods- Soundtrack and ambient sounds- The AI, both on the campaign and in battles.Would love to see (based on cons):- A larger variation of siege maps and siege map logic.- Town Battle Maps- Naval Battles- Free for All Mode (Custom Battles/Multiplayer)- Army Painter (Multiplayer)- Seperate balancing for Multiplayer (If this isn't already the case)- Better balancing on Agents- Standard Bearers and Officers for units
feedthemanmuffinz	Recommended	124.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197991834906/	Best Total War game by far. I don't know why there are so many negative reviews, but right now but this game is worth it if you enjoy this kind of game.
Grape-kun	Recommended	334.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/HululuIsMyWaifu/	So far I have played this game for 6 hours after having owned it for 6 and a half. I have played a single campaign so far as the Empire and my review is based off of my experience so far. I may update this depending on how my experience goes. TL:DR It's good but has some balance issues in my opinion. Unless you're a huge fan of the Warhammer and Total war series like me, chances are it's not worth £40/$60(?) that it costs. Wait a bit and pick it up on sale, unless you are able to spend £40 on a game with no issues. First off, my system specs.CPU: i7 4790k clocked at a standard 4GhzGPU:GTX 980RAM: 16GB DDR3Launch was standard and simple. No issues and was quick and smooth. Quickly checked options and found they had been set to Ultra so I decided to keep it at that and see how it goes. Upon choosing your faction and difficulty you can do a practice match and I did choose to do this. Game runs near perfectly and I haven't even updated my drivers for it. Good FPS, good shadows etc. Smooth and units  look much nicer than in previous games and appear to fight in a more individual manner which is nice. Battles are too easy though. That's my one complaint.Almost no skill is required as long as you have some spear in the front, ranged units behind to support and cavalry to flank with you break the enemy almost instantly. It's ridiculously easy. The campaign itself though, with politics and diplomacy is a bit more complicated in some ways. Some things aren't  clearly explained so you end up having to figure it out and sometimes reloading to retry things. Irritating but not game breaking. I haven't fought the dwarves yet and so far have only just engaged my first greenskins within the campaign, having spent my first 30-40 turns simply trying to reunite the empire. I'm not completely impressed with with the confederation option. So far I've failed to do force another faction to join me despite trying to be nice and also trying to force them with my military. Money is a lot easier to get flowing but my advice is that you need to make some serious land grabs quite quickly and to stay away from the global recruit options. I'm going to try and play the Empire campaign a bit more and then I'll try some of the other factions though I am quite enjoying the Empire and have no real desire to play as the dwarves etc. Greatsword infantry OP af though Handgunners are underwhelming there is a mod which makes them do more damage, have a longer range and also have a longer reload. I would suggest downloading it. Would I recommend this game? It's £40. That's a lot of money and I try to aim for the £1 per an hour of entertainment and I can see myself easily sinking a few hundred hours into this game. Yes, I would recommend, especially to Warhammer and Total war fans alike. If you aren't a Warhammer fan and are new to the total war series I would suggest either waiting for this to go on sale or to try an older Total War game first. 8/10. Has a few problems but I've already found mods that adjust for them and expect further modding will take this game to untold heights. It ticks most of the boxes for a nerd like me.
Rambler	Recommended	124.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TheRambler146/	Product received for free
Doom boi	Recommended	82.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kaelwolfgang/	Warhammer Battlemarch Fans should buy this game . GLORY TO CHAOS GOD !
Lord Migli	Recommended	355.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198142516715/	Yeah the game is alright, perhaps more factions would have been nice. But it is certaintly a good and exciting game to play. If you loved previous Total War games and you love fantasy: this game is the perfect crossover!
淑妃	Not Recommended	65.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/lzh1008/	$20 dlc for an incompleted race.
Capps	Recommended	16.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198016193234/	This has to be the best TW game I have ever played. CA did an amazing job with this installment. If you haven't played a TW game before, this is a great entry place assuming you enjoy Medeival Fantasy. Other than the 40k universe, I haven't ever played a Warhammer title. The lore and setting of this is quite admirable. Each faction is very unique and fun to play. I would definetly reccommend this to anyone who enjoys Medieval Fantasy or anyone that is looking for something a little different in terms of strategy games. Just a little side note... the layered RPG element is quite interesting as well. While it's not super complex, it gives you the ability to build your Lord(leader of your army) how you want. Lords and heroes can really turn the tides of battles with the aide of their abilities and gear. It's a really good game folks.
Vallfar	Recommended	20.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198015992240/	Naice!
nafan_is_win	Recommended	25.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197973031306/	This game is fun.
Toam	Recommended	72.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198020300304/	its good
DEVNZ.Smalljaw	Recommended	309.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198027714922/	Here's a short review, this game combines two things I love, the Total War game Style, and the Genre of Warhammer, i've played 35 hours in the first 2 and a half days of its release, I love it, haven't encountered any bugs, runs very streamlined and multiplayer is awesome, the addition of the mods to help to add more content as you want it (The Mods don't effect the performance and so far don't add any bugs either, so they are a must have)New Update: Don't buy this game unless you want to spend $300 buying additional content or the next game, which is reality is the same game with some new races selling for full price.
I just wanna be pure	Recommended	43.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198010934172/	Although there are a bunch of things i dislike and consider a step backwards in this game, for instance, no town battles, no unit special abilities, and a resimplified auto resolve, this game is the closest i have felt to medieval 2 since the game itself. The battles feel like it and are interesting to watch. I wish city sieges were not so one sided, and I wish there was a family tree and tax rate, but its still miles better than rome 2 and attila ever were.
Eversor	Recommended	158.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197970591211/	Wonderful take of a great and complex background.Monsters in Total War? Take my money : now!
Shadow	Recommended	46.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198007440566/	WAAAGGGHHHHHH! 10/10
dirt013	Recommended	316.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/dirt013/	Everything I hopped it would be so far.  I usually get bored once my borders are well established and my army can hold it's own; you know, the challenging bit is past.  Well, this TW promises to keep me playing well past the mid-game, the higher tier units add so much flavor, and levelling your lords and characters feels like an RPG. ;)  As an old school D&D, Fantasy Realms nerd, this is the game I have been waiting for CA to make.....and so far they nailed it!  By Far my best Total War experience to date.  It's not EU4 when it comes to strategy, but there is more depth here than any previous title i've played.  Highly recommend!
Hunter150	Recommended	151.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198009835129/	Never has a fantasy game made me so giddy about it. The races are very distinct and unique, heros are awesome to deck out and level. My only complaint is lack of overal faction diversity, only 5 at the moment, we definetly need more. Further would be the lack of diplomacy options, as the game has taken a step back from previous TW's, but it makes up for that with its emphasis clearly on warfare and epic battles.
Jotahn The Unsullied	Recommended	90.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198113510374/	10/10
Rambler	Recommended	124.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TheRambler146/	Product received for free
Doom boi	Recommended	82.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kaelwolfgang/	Warhammer Battlemarch Fans should buy this game . GLORY TO CHAOS GOD !
Lord Migli	Recommended	355.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198142516715/	Yeah the game is alright, perhaps more factions would have been nice. But it is certaintly a good and exciting game to play. If you loved previous Total War games and you love fantasy: this game is the perfect crossover!
淑妃	Not Recommended	65.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/lzh1008/	$20 dlc for an incompleted race.
Whit Wulf	Not Recommended	161.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197988712414/	Moneygrab, got it because it was on Humble B at 10$. Stuff that sould be in the base game is overcharged as dlc. Dumbed down total war game mechanics in both the campaign and battle map, I cant overlook this so Im not recommending, unless its at an even bigger discount then the summer sale (specially the dlc at least 70%). Could have been the best TW, shame.
DarkLiberator	Recommended	63.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/darkliberator/	Product received for free
leomasci63	Recommended	366.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/leomasci/	Very good game until now, I've played a couple of hours and it is a far better release thajn Rome II "1.0"And it runs pretty smooth on ultra settings, with ultra unit size, on my I5 2550k + AMD Radeon R9 290 + 16Gb Ram!Oh and I didn't have any problem with the game startup - it starts in a few seconds every time!!!
yung eld	Recommended	102.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/yznW/	literally dishing out more than 60 fps on the campaign map on ultrasomething that seemed impossible in the previous total war titles 10/10EDIT: it's great, best modern TW to date
KaiTeko	Not Recommended	113.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198006739160/	Grew up on Warhammer, grew up on TW - would like to grow old with it, but♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥my wallet with the DLC system/paid content system means i wont spend any more on this series... lost one customer
Polskipancerny	Recommended	492.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198091346070/	Start game. Didn't crash .... niceGo try some custom games with chaos Penetrate some dwarves Watch Kholek destroy gate with his migthy hammerOK.. Time to face my friend in some pvp campaignWait 10 mins to press a single key in multiplayer screen..... WP CA10/10 would penetrate dwarves againF.Y.I. Multiplayer was repaired and I love the game :)
Polskipancerny	Recommended	492.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198091346070/	Start game. Didn't crash .... niceGo try some custom games with chaos Penetrate some dwarves Watch Kholek destroy gate with his migthy hammerOK.. Time to face my friend in some pvp campaignWait 10 mins to press a single key in multiplayer screen..... WP CA10/10 would penetrate dwarves againF.Y.I. Multiplayer was repaired and I love the game :)
Paul	Recommended	368.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197968248805/	As of 2018, in its current state, this is one of the most enjoyable games I've played. I only play single player and its a throwback to when "fun" over "feature" was a thing. It is a childish delight to see your Orc army steam roller Empire soldiers or Minotaurs clearing a path through the Undead but my god its fun.
Sothpaw	Recommended	191.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197969267578/	I had never played a Total War game before.  This game drew me in because of the Warhammer license.  This is easily the most fun I have ever had in a single player strategy/rts game.  There is so much variety among the races, the battles are very fun and the replayability is high.  I imagine the vast majority of the negative reviews are due to the DLC.  As far as I'm concerned every DLC offers good content and all add a ton to the game.  So as far as I'm concerned, the money was well spent and I'm not going to split hairs over a few dollars.
SalmonPunch	Not Recommended	29.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/wanab/	I dunno maybe games like the Endless series and Stellaris spoiled me because outside of combat this game feels kinda hollow. The combat is a blast, each empire/race has its own unique traits that really change up the game when you play as or against them. Terrain actually is taken in to consideration as well which is cool. The empire management is pretty barebones, 90% of what you build is for unit related so economy and diplomacy feel tacked on. The research trees are ok but not a lot of wiggle room once you find out what to min/max.I feel like there are better (and cheaper) options out there
Dank de la Meme	Not Recommended	10.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Seinaosinho/	>dlc whoring>♥♥♥♥♥♥ sieges>not enough factions>no naval battles>blood as dlc>have to buy this to be able to play full campaign on TWW2♥♥♥♥ing hell i hate CA
BG88HE_FD_PA	Not Recommended	64.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/neatoincognito/	Just bought the game, opened it up, and the first thing I'm greeted with? Screens notifying me that I'm missing 2/3 campaigns, ~50% of the available races are locked, that the races I DO have are incomplete, and these wonderful green icons notifying me that I can spend almost 70 dollars to actually have my game be complete. Wow, what a deal!No more purchases from me. Because even if this is a wonderful game, the opening screen was enough to sour the experience immediately. It's not just the DLC(which isn't an issue with me), it's that the opening screen has a SLEW of icons plastered on everything saying how incomplete my game I just spent a bunch of money on is. That's such a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ feeling after just buying the game. That doesn't make me want to buy the DLC, it makes me angry that I bought the game and makes me wonder whether I should bother with the game at all if so much content is taken out of the experience behind a 60-70 dollar paywall. It also doesn't help that you are brought to the "Downloadable Content" tab by default when opening the game.Edit 1/16/2017:So after a few weeks of getting some time in with this game, I wanted to expand the review to include the gameplay itself and not just criticism of the DLC and how they push it.I haven't completed the Empire campaign yet, so my review doesn't encompass the entire experience, but I figured I could add more about the gameplay so the review was more helpful to those that wanted to know specifically about the gameplay.OVERALLTotal War: Warhammer is my first Total War game, though not anywhere near my first 4X game. I come to this series as a casual Warhammer fan and strategy fan.To put it simply, the game is fairly fun in kind of a casual strategy way.  It's worth noting, though, that the campaign is story light so far if you care about this kind of thing. The game is more strategy focused. The game feels "streamlined" in many ways to make it easier for someone to get into it where even though the game has a lot of numbers, options, and complexity...it is still designed in such a way that the player not completely familiar with the mechanics can go headlong into some hot big army action and strategy and still do well for yourself.The game, however, can be offputting for exactly that reason: there is a LOT of apparent complexity, and many of these things are extremely poorly explained or not explained at all. Many times you will just feel completely lost about how basic mechanics or stats work and just adhere to basic battle strategies of flanking units or running down archers with cavalry. The advisor, meant to act as a tutorial for the game, only provides the barest of explanations for the game's mechanics and links you to paragraphs to read on the internet that still only vaguely explain the game's mechanics.To give an example of how confusing these mechanics are, I will illustrate a whole range of questions I had that had no ingame answers or explanations and are things I either had to look up on the internet or there is STILL no answer even after looking it up.-Does charging an enemy have a max distance? How do I know what it is?-Does my unit need to be charging for a certain amount of time before it gets a bonus, or could I get the full bonus charging from one meter away?-Does the distance you charge an enemy from affect its effectiveness?-How long does my unit need to be standing still to brace for a charge?-Does failing a diplomatic proposal make another country become less friendly towards you? Even if it's a greedy proposal?-What do ANY of the stats specifically do?(it has generic descriptions for how much defense or attack a unit has, or how much of a charge bonus a unit gets or how much leadership a unit has, but it doesn't actually explain what any of these numbers do or what formulas they're used in, so you're never making a completely informed decision regarding these stats really. +2 attack doesn't tell you much since you don't know what formula the game uses to determine damage)-What kind of bonus does flanking actually provide?-Is there any penalty for choosing to disengage from an enemy unit?-Is it actually useful for my units to rest from battle?-What specific effect does it have when my units are "winded" or "very tired" in battle?-How is damage calculated?-What determines how quickly a units leadership erodes?-Are my archers volleying into the main bulk of enemy army hitting my own units if I have to fire over the head of my own troops? How close can they be and how likely am I to harm them if they're engaged in combat?The list goes on and on. There are a million questions you will not know the answer to, but you can still just play the game and largely ignore these details and still do alright, but I feel this goes against the nature of strategy to not actually know how most of that stuff works.The empire building facet of the gameplay is alright, if a bit simple once you know how it works. It's nothing to really get excited over or complain about, but it feels a bit secondary and just kinda there to me. Most of your choices are pretty straightforward.GAMEPLAY ISSUESLet me start off by saying that though I have many nitpicks with the gameplay, that the battles themselves are still fun. One thing that makes it difficult to fault the game in this case is that the workshop/modding available to this game is expansive. Meaning that if there's something you don't like, there is an extremely high chance that there's a mod that fixes it. I still feel that the community fixing the errors of the developers is a negative though, even though fixes are available.For example, one aspect of the game that is completely broken is the auto-resolve function. It is ludicrous how effective it is, to the point where if your objective was actual efficiency in conquering the campaign, you should almost always be using it unless the enemy has a clear advantage. Something is broken with the formula where if your army is bigger or has a slight advantage, auto resolve will OBLITERATE your enemies and often leave your own units unscathed to an unrealistic extent.Another aspect I find a bit offputting is just how durable lords can be. While hero units are intended to be strong in combat, it's a bit silly that they're so hard to kill when they're just running for their lives. They can survive hails of bullets and arrows. They're barely hurt by cavalry surrounding and stabbing them, and they haul♥♥♥♥♥faster than anything but mounted units even when they're on foot.Titles are a minor issue where some of my lords or my Emperor would acquire negative traits out of seemingly nowhere, or the game punishes my Emperor with "Fearful" simply because I effectively used ranged units for a battle.There are all sorts of small mechanics like this that just feel like they weren't really fine tuned and working as they should.The battles and overall campaign still work fine despite these grievances.CONCLUSIONThere is fun to be had in this game and it does have a HUGE amount of hours you could sink into it with how long the campaign is and how many mods are available. Despite this, I find myself feeling the game is a bit rough around the edges with many of its mechanics and that the game is a bit unfriendly for people new to the series. This is on top of the aforementioned aggressive DLC practices which many may find offputting enough to be wary of this game in the first place. I can't recommend it, but I also can't say it's a bad product. Most of the issues I have with it are nitpicks, not game ruining flaws. If the pricetag is no issue to you and you're a strategy fan, this is probably a good buy for you. If you're more discerning and not as big on strategy, you will probably want to wait for a sale.
Gritt N. Auld	Recommended	621.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/grittenoir/	Total War: WARHAMMER Reviews before DLC: Very postive.Total War: WARHAMMER Reviews after DLC: Mixed.What? I'm shocked! This game is everything that I ever wanted in the Total War Series franchise. The game itself is a great happy marriage between Total War and Warhammer IPs. It is such a shame that people are coming out hating the game based on the fact that it has DLC. In my opinion, the base game is WORTH it for the price it currently is. The DLC is well thought out and created with passion. I'll happily purchase it because the IP is just so great on both sides.Creative Assembly took the Warhammer Fantasy world and recreated in their vision in such an amazing way. For someone that has been following the Warhammer franchise and own a couple tabletop armies (which sadly I don't play anymore!) I just can not say anything negative to Creative Assembly about this particular title.I wish MORE people reviewed for the base game opposed to the DLC and expressing their opinion specifically about the game itself. Not pitch forks about "greedy devs". Creative Assembly has always shown that they want to satisfy their clients and have always stated that this game would have DLC. Nobody complained about it then, why now?
Crazyone | DJgreyed	Recommended	248.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/justcrazyone/	I wasn't too keen on the idea of a fictional world in total war, but having played it I think it's one of the best total war games I have played. I do think people who only plays for the campaign side of things, like me, would have wanted more playable factions in the campaign. But overall I am satisfied! 5/7
Brother_Padre	Recommended	80.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/BrotherPadre/	After playing around 120 turns of an Empire campaign and the first 30 of a Greenskins cmapaign i've decided to write this review.Performance wise the game runs well on medium graphics with some on high and ultra unit size on my NVIDIA GTX 670 and 8GB of RAM, the game looks smooth and has more Shogun II esque graphics than Attila and Rome II. The UI is asthetically pleasing and very intuitive and is very customisable going from quite bare-bones to very informative, allowing you to change it up in-battle. As always the Total War Wiki is there for further information. The Campaign map and it's UI is also intuitive, full of options and necessary information and again, asthetically pleasing.Moving on to gameplay the fantasy setting brings a new breath of life, increasing replayability and bringing new exciting battle mechanics. Although there are a lack of races to play as (4/5) each faction is VERY different to play as. In this case less is more. The battles themselves are fast-paced, full of actions and awe-inspiring set pieces. There is a lot going on in the battlefield which changes the game up and forces you to bring new tactics to the table. The Campaign itself is very fun and 120 odd turns in is still very exciting and thrilling. The arrival of chaos changes everything where enemies forget their differences and band together to fight the insueing tide of evil. The arrival of chaos does not mean a boring, survive as long as you can but instead brings an exciting new chapter of stemming the stream of the end times.Overall the game handles the fantasy setting very well, magic is fun and not at all op is feared pre-release and the game is better optimized than Rome II and Attila even for NVIDIA systems. Total War: Warhammer is a match made in heaven and brings a new lease of life to both franchises. This game is a definate for fans of Warhammer, Total War, strategy and fantasy!
Thot	Recommended	121.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198170036731/	Most of the negative reviews here complain about the dlc model, and not the actual base game. The base game however is phenomenal with 4 (soon to be 5) highly diverse playable factions that are all wonderful to play. Creative Assembly put a lot in the gorgeous unit models, the campaign map, and all of the lovely lore. If you enjoy strategy games at all this is one of the best ever made. I got this game for $12 on Humble Bundle but I would have gladly paid full price. As for the dlc model, simply put creating content takes a lot of money. If you bought the models for tabletop you would easily spend hundreds of dollars on just one race. The dlc is very good and more than worth the money in my oppinion and even if you dont get it the factions and new units will still be present for the AI to use in the campaign.
[NaCl]DarkAngel2732	Recommended	81.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/DarkAngel2732/	Really great game. Love the way Creative Assembly took a step back to bring a dying franchise back to life.
Temko	Recommended	43.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Temko/	Product received for free
J2 Ninja	Not Recommended	146.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198025897448/	Its fun for a bit, but the game lacks the depth and content of previous titles. I find myself having almost completely lost interest in this game. The battles themselves seem as simple as throwing your units into a scrum, any sense of tactics or implementing a grand plan usually get thrown out of the window as soon at the units engage. Added to this the DRM, questionable DLC policy/pricing/practice plus the likely limited mod support meaning that the game will have a shorter shelf life (GW will likely sue you for even making 3D model in the style of the universe - see GW v Thomas Valenty).For these reasons, as much as it is nice to see models of your childhood portrayed in a modern and good looking engine, the game cannot justify a positive review.Pushed id give it 6/10. Should of continued my boycott of CA products25.11.16 - Well.....the DLC campaign is much advanced now and more that comes out the more I am left with the feeling that this was planned content stripping. There has been no further balance brought to the game and whilst I can pick this up for a while I soon get bored again.Still pushed and with fuller content now released would give a 7/10 but only on offer or game of year edition. Full price this DLC is a rip off
Baron von Felty	Not Recommended	69.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197989177711/	Great game, but after TW2 came out as $59.99 for races that should be DLC à La Carte rather than buying them all, I felt taken advantage by a corporation again (I'd pay $9.99 for DE then $9.99 for the HE and $19.99 for Tomb Kings, but after that I have no interest in Skaven or Lizardmen). But $60 for each game? Well... My low self esteem can only take so much abuse.So... If I had known this release policy in advance, I'd would have waited for it to go $29.99 for TW1 and then wait for TW2 to go to $29.99 and then pay the $60 for the actual whole game which is acceptable to my self worth as a person.So yeah. Buy this game. Its great, but wait for it and TW:WH2 to go on sale for $29.99.Lord knows TW3 (which will probaly be Tomb Kings, Orgre Kingdoms, Southern vamps, and Cathay) will be $59.99 too along with lots of DLC that only works for that as well.Its crap like this that wants me to work really hard to become a billionaire so I can lobby congress to rewrite laws around the issue of right of resale and DLC. Which by all means, that process is quite a pain to do because it would require years of intensive hard work (or dubious business dealings), but its starting to seem like the most logical thing to do at this point rather than write reviews asking if we could just buy games and DLC content at reasonable prices.
REV0	Recommended	34.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198091878490/	*Start as Empire**Beat the c**p out of Vampires**Ally with Von Carsteins**Ally with Bretonnia**Unite the Empire**Conquer 3/4 of the world with Bretonnia and Carsteins**Chaos emerges**They beat the c**p of Empire*Best game ever.
Vector	Recommended	425.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198021494661/	Incredible game and probably the only true successor to Warhammer Fantasy we're ever going to get. The constant griping about DLC prices is unwarranted. Unlike previous Total War games, adding new factions is more complicated than reskinning a bunch of swordsmen. If the DLC wasn't priced as high as it is we simply wouldn't have the DLC. Compound that with the amount of FLC we've gotten and the fact that even if you don't buy the DLC factions they appear in your campaign, I feel the prices are fair. I only have two real complaints. First of all sieges are incredibly shallow and the AI is very rarely willing to engage in them. Secondly, the Chaos campaign is in need of an overhaul. Currently its very tedious and just not fun after your first campaign. However, with the third game rumored to center entirely on Chaos I'm confident this will be fixed eventually. Other than that, I definitely recommend the game.
Wolfen93	Not Recommended	114.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Wolfen93/	The game itself is fine. Great i would say. But i cannot agree with a DLC policy. It is a disgrace to gamers community to pay 7 or even 17 euro for freakin' nation! I remember times, when in Medieval 2, if you wanted to have more nations, you had to conquer them, not BUY. It's a shame, that this policy is destroying our opipnion about this fantastic game. Shame on you!
Bust3dUp	Recommended	1,797.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198130796189/	Played this game a ton now, so good in so many ways, lots of replayability, overall just an amazing game10/10
agrez	Recommended	56.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ghostwillgetyou/	Got a low spec PC roon smooth as a cake at high what else Campain is epic and whole game is one hell of must buy :D ( il leave that there i know spelling is♥♥♥♥♥♥Ok the real review ( GAME IS AWESOME ) get it!!!!
Jack Burton	Not Recommended	0.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/JackBurton907/	Decent game if you want to shell out $200 to have everything open to you.Terrible DLC policy, can't & won't recommend because of it. The basic game is not worth the price.
Aszhune	Not Recommended	56.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198073012839/	Great game, but they are way greedier then I thought... almost 2 months out and you already have 25 euros of dlc content.. A worthy thing to mention is that even with those dlc's you don't have even half of the races the Warhammer games usualy come with, which means you should expect another 100-150 euros of dlc content untill they decide they milked the fat Warhammer fanbase enough. Sad, just sad...
Cadmachine	Recommended	719.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197971591413/	I've been playing Warhammer (Lizardmen/Empire) for 20 years and this is the game I've been waiting for my whole life.After playing for 10+ hours since launch this game is everything it seemed in the build up and more.
richard_pilotte	Recommended	150.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198084547107/	Average size map and pretty easy to finish a campaign with most races.Negative point is when you finish a campaign it doesn't unlock anything else or even give you a small video or congrats!For the rest pretty good and it was fun to play.
Blazemight	Recommended	216.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Blazemight/	A new twist on a old series, despite what people say. This is not your typically TW, nor should they act like it's a bad one. Graphics are stunning and the lore and attention to detail is flawless.Overall I've enjoyed this game very much and fully intend to buy the next one.
Turquoise_Falcon	Recommended	100.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/turqoise_falcon/	Ignore the negative reviews. This is an excellent game. Runs smooth on Ultra settings and the battles are by far the most exciting of the series. Highly recommended to anyone who are fans of strategy, Total War, or Warhammer. People had issues launching the game and instead of going to the support forum, they just came here to write a negative review. Most of the launch issues have already been patches by the devs
Casual Hunter	Recommended	145.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198058895409/	DLC policy is♥♥♥♥♥♥but the game is great.
blackfall3 (کلید فروشی)	Recommended	79.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/aliwarlock1/	recommended to all fans of total war. this game is what expected from total war game.
NocNatural	Recommended	301.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/MCknights/	This game is a dream come true for me. The Warhammer universe is massive and its just fits right in the Total War formula , luckly CA did manage to capture the feel and the brutality that the franchise is know for. The City building/management/diplomacy aspect of the game is sadly streamlined even a bit more after Rome 2/Attila but since "almost" all the factions play differently in the campaign map i didn't find it as a negative thing. However the meat of the game is the combat its fast , brutal and looks f*cking amazing , the asymmetrical factions keep the combat fresh and almost always engaging/interesting. Since its not historical title CA had the chance to make things a little bit more interesting and im pleased with the new mechanics that get in the game. The Magic is flashy and really fun to use , the bit of an RPG Lord/Heroes management is also a nice addition , some of the faction mechanics is really nice and others , well ... not so much (looking at you , Dwarfs). Workshop and the modding community is also here and they are stronger than ever. (a big shootout to you beautiful b*stards who makes this game even more fun and enjoyable). The "only" two things i have a problem with it is CA DLC policy and that sometimes the game can be incredibly unbalanced/frustrating (and its still have some balancing issues in the battles which is "fine" in singleplayer but in multiplayer? thats another story and i don't even play the multiplayer aspect of the game.)Overall the game is too much fun to pass , if you even a little bit a Warhammer fan go get it now , for the others ... i would say wait for a sale. - Recommended
Kackarot00	Recommended	123.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197993147675/	Excellent game which is being continually developed and supported by the devs. There is a major roadmap for future free and paid content. This was one of the smoother Total War launches I have experienced (I could actually play a multiplayer campaign from launch day without constant DC's and crashes).The DLC can be a little pricey (lots of the negative reviews are salty about this), but there is still plenty of content in the base game (plenty of online replayability) without having to reach for your wallet so you can take it or leave it.Multiplayer balance is coming along and is in a fairly good place at the moment. They have mainly managed to capture the spirit of Warhammer with a good part of what makes a Total War game and I can only see this game getting better with age.
Viking171986	Recommended	948.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198024274145/	Amazing game. I'm playing on a low tier PC and I give this game a 8.5/10 I'm sure once I upgrade it will be a lot better. I've been playing for about 7 hours now with no issues. This game runs better than Attila. If you love Warhammer and Total war get this game right now!The good: 1: Easy to pick up gameplay if you're new to any Total war game2: Graphics are good (if you're used to COD like graphics this game is not for you)3: Optimized very well I'm getting 40+ fps on a below Min requirement PC 4: 130 turns in with the Empire and it's still not stale.5: Quest battles are fun and give good rewards that help you on the campaign map, I'm sure modders,DLC and FLC will add more6: Combat is a bit slower than Attila7 : Flying unitsThe Bad: 1: If you want to run this game on max settings you'll need a decent computer2: Lack of factions3: Magic is a bit hard to get used toThe Ugly1: The game still needs a bit of polish in terms of hotfixes but I've been playing for 130 turns and have not run into anything game breaking. Update. Most of the negative reviews are not legit, If I can play on my potato of a computer you'll be fine. I've played every Total war since Shogun and this game feels like TW is going back to it's roots with a fantasy story. Also if you notice the negative reviews are from people playing less than a hour.
Herr_Lindstrom	Not Recommended	32.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197984450428/	Over the last few years I've seen the terrible trend of SEGA and CA's money grabbing scheme by releasing unfinished, unpolished and broken games and then trying to sell off the things that SHOULD MAKE A FULL GAME seperately. Releasing expansions I get, but trying to take a part a game or holding back content for the sheer purpose of releasing said content at a later date and charging 30 ♥♥♥♥ing dollars is sickening. I already bought the GAME AT FULL PRICE 70 CAD and I DID NOT GET A FULL GAME for that price. Now I'm expected to pay another $30 CAD for content that should have been added. I am not buying your ♥♥♥♥ing content. Take your $30 and shove it deep up your♥♥♥♥♥SEGA and CA because you just lost a dedicated Total War fan from back in the days of ROME 1 I will not be buying into your franchise ever unless you change your ways and start making quality full games like Shogun 2. Oh wait that was the only quality game you released without terribly game breaking bugs. You money grabbers better rethink your lives and corporate decisions or you will lose your fan base.
MameFrame	Not Recommended	211.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mameframe/	Typically, I'm a massive fan of Total War games in general, and Warhammer as well as that.The game itself, is quite fun. However, what you get the base game is the choice of 4 races essentially - with CA now charging ~£14 for the latest DLC installment of Beastmen. If you weren't lucky enough to preorder the game, you're already paying an additional ~£25 for Chaos and Beastmen. Two of the core races of the games setting. God knows how much it will cost for any additional races to be added later, let alone additional campaigns / maps.Would definitely avoid, or wait a few years until you can get it for pennies from somewhere else.
Zaggeta	Recommended	128.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Souran/	Ignore the naysayers - an amazing Total War that has done excellently to blend the epic Warhammer lore with the stratagems of the Total War series. Didn't have any day one problems and the only reason I didn't play throughout the day was because some people have to work.
nyko007	Recommended	254.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198073782601/	I don't know why some people are complaining about the game crashing. My 750ti is performing quite well (50-70 fps on high). I have experienced no issue with it whatsover and infact I have been enjoying the game so much so that I completely forgot that today was a working day. OOPs. Anyway the game is great. Highly recomend to all total war fans.
GunKing	Recommended	516.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197987480051/	Short Verdict: Captures the feeling of the Warhammer universe perfectly. Music, art, voice acting, everything. Cavalry and army clashes have more CRUNCH to them than they used to. If you could run Attila and Rome 2, you'll run this even better. Battle AI is better. Campaign play is better because of optimized CPU usage, meaning no more 15 minute turns. Each faction is VERY different, not only in battle but how they play in campaign (i.e. Vampires get to corrupt mortal lands and start up covens to disrupt their public order, Orcs always have to be fighting or your armies kill each other, etc.)HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.Long Verdict:Pros-Five (Six in custom battle) Warhammer Fantasy armies, each lovingly detailed with different play mechanics-Great soundtrack-Campaign is extremely accessible, perfect for people who have never played Total War before-Campaign AI is more intelligent, no more of armies running between two points as you ruin their kingdom. They also back off when they see you have a strong defense-Very in depth magic system gives a new layer of strategy to battles-Customizable lords and heroes, choose their equipment and talentsCons-Environmental destruction and fire effects have been severely downgraded from the spectacle they were in Attila-No unit formations (i.e. wedge formation for cavalry, spear walls, shield walls, etc.)-No more small settlement battles (and therefore no random civilian killing as your army moves in), all sieges happen in large and famous cities-No options to change the season, weather or time of day in battlesMeh-Sieges are relegated to one corner of the city. I'm indifferent to this.-Due to Warhammer lore, diplomacy in campaign is somewhat limited in the kinds of interactions you can have with other factions. I'm indifferent to this. Very lore accurate that Chaos barbarians and Orcs would not come to humans with any sort of trade agreement.-You can't conquer whole map. Only the cities and provinces of your nemesis faction. Again, I don't care about this but perfectionists might.-I do miss the ability to choose ammo types for ranged units. Having one type of ammo for everything simplifies things however, leaving more time to micro for magic.First time I've finished a Total War campaign in a while. Can't wait until they add the Elf factions to this game.
[XIII] Vindictus Vorn	Recommended	139.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198019219227/	UPDATE:After 35 hours of campaign game play I can say this is the best and most enjoyable game I have ever played. Better than any other TW game IMHO as well.TOTALLY ADDICTIVE.The first time you see a Vampire Count Army approaching with their clouds of flying bats will give you the chills up your spine.The GOOD:Despite a shaky launch day, SEGA stayed on top of the issue and cleared it up fast.The game is ADDICTIVE and IMHO better than any other TW Game, as not only is it Warhammer, but man oh man...when you zoom in for example and watch The Emperor or any of your favorite "Lords/Heroes" fight up close and personal is truly and epic sight.The campaign is fun and addictive, so much so its teh only TW campaign that ever held my interest.The UI and easy to understand and the hints and tutorial are great.Sound and Graphics are great.So many units and a great choice of factions.The AI does a great job with varied tactics and keeps you challenged.The BAD:Shaky launch but SEGA stayed on top of it and got it fixed FAST.Still some performance issues, but minor.The UGLY:You can easily run out of graphics memory and when given the option to switch to RAM it gets slow.Best bet is to be realistic and experiment with graphic settings.Seems to be getting better.The good news is that this issue only seems to affect the "turn animations" of teh faction badges...and the game does a good job of auto adjusting the graphics without any visible effect I could notice.NO BIGGIE.IN CONCLUSION:If you are a Warhammer fan you MUST play this game!Hours upon hours of campaign fun trying the different factions and I have not even gotten to MP yet.
Hydrochloric Urine	Recommended	417.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198007821390/	Brilliant. A fantastic edition to the total war series. The battles are incredibly fun, and the inclusion of flying troops that sweep down into your backline adds a whole new level to total war. The armies are so vastly different it doesnt feel like im just facing the same enemy again and again in every battle. It's running smooth as butter, significantly less lag than I had in Atilla or Rome 2. In general I have found the game incredibly immersive it has so much character to it. My only complaint so far would be that lords apperar to be a bit on the op side, however this is only tested agaisnt the low-mid tier units.
ו	Recommended	223.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197970669073/	Relly fun even without DLCs.
SsXxX	Recommended	23.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SsXxX/	a long time total war fan since total war rome 1; shogun 2 was my favourite total war title, but now its this one, its unbelievable how total war game mechanics works perfect for the warhammer universe u would think why didnt they do it before, map is amazing, the best yet in a total war, interface is the best yet too with a lot of rome 2 and shogun 2 interface frustrations being fixed.if u ever loved a total war game and/or warhammer universe, this game is a no brainer, buy it and have fun :)
The Brown Weiner	Recommended	20.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/thebrownweiner/	Cons: Big learning curve for completely new players.Pro: F%^king amazing game once you learn it.Tip: Watch someone else play on Twitch or a Let's play on Youtube for a couple hours.
Forsaken	Recommended	653.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/theforsakenone/	The perfect mix of Total War and Fantasy.
omicron4	Recommended	101.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198035095008/	The Total War game I always wanted and the Warhammer game I never knew I needed. Re-works the strategic layer of the campaign to put more focus on the battles, and oooooh boy those battles. Also, for what's probably the first time in Total War history, all the playable factions feel totally different.  Besides different units, they've also got unique gameplay mechanics that come into play at the strategic level.Also runs smoother than Attila and Rome 2. Looks better too.
thewarder500	Recommended	201.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/thewarder500/	Love love love loveeeee!!!! Such a great game! My one complaint is I whish it would have been made more clear that i could teleport to the main quest points sooner. I thought i had to march my army all the way to the main quest, which are like a million miles away, but found out way late in the game i could just pay 5k and teleport instantly there and back -_-
Linux	Recommended	23.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/LinuxLindo/	Typical total war launch, after the fourth crash I want to leave my early opinion. Units lack formations. I'm not saying I want a pike phalanx or other previous formations, but the game is too raw, its basicaly camp or charge especialy at multiplayer. Formations bearly matter, The Caos Warriors are so unbalanced that u just charge and the enemy is basicaly dead, that is ridiculous, not even counting the broken heroes. The campaign is horrible. I could not play for more then 30 minutes because of how disgusted i was. The HUD and the design is also a bit boring, it reminds me of 2005 world of warcraft. I love total war but I recomend waiting because im sure they will improve the game, like in rome 2.
SGTPALOOZA	Recommended	201.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198136209636/	This is my first Total War and I am enjoying it. The gameplay is fun and it runs well even on my crappy laptop!
tomdoof	Recommended	562.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198048303382/	Hi the names Tom I was one of the guys on the begining of the end times mod for medieval 2(what ever thats worth)The good:Just got a good 15 hours of playing in and I have to say the game is looking really good so far. My specs are an I3 3.4 750ti 2gb graphics card and 10gb ddr5 ram and as far as performance I get 60-30 fps on medium graphics settings but even at those setting it looks really good and only get frame rate drops during big battles. I hear Nvidia drivers need some work with total war warhammer so I expect the performace to get better as patches/drivers are released. The campaign is fun and challanging also the AI is better then it ever been in total war they can really give you a hard time in battles and also on the campaign. The new sieges are fun I did not think I would like them from what I saw but they are actually pretty fun I got to say. Overall the game is amazing I cant say enough how blown away I was by how well it ran and thats day 1. CA is famous for supporting there game years after release and patching to perfection but with such a good base to start with I can wait to see this game in a few months and after some patches. So if you are on the fence about buying the game I would say just go for it you wont regret it.The bad: No town battles, at first I did not even notice this but town defence battles are non existant and for me is the biggest issue with this damn game. I find there are some field battles that have more ambiant stuctures then a non walled settlement. This really really kills immersion for me in the biggest way. I want to defend my town not see it in the backround, once again huge issue with the game. Also in previous total war games(rome 2, attila) you were in an encamped stance and were attacked you would get a basic fort to defend, now nothing just another field battle. This game is fun for the first few hours but after you see all that was stripped out of the game.... well it brought a tear to my eye. Gunners and cannon crew dont even reload. I hope to god they release an expansion or patch to fix these glaring holes in the games depth because this one is actually worth that attention to detail. PLEASE BRING BACK TOWN BATTLES FOR GOD SAKE!
Nerroth	Recommended	33.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/yelloaz/	99999/10 Literally, smooth and runs on a GTX 470 too! No issues whatsoever.This game is really well optimized so it can run on a toaster.Oh and DRAGONS! *puts on sunglasses*
Despair	Recommended	25.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/FallInOut/	Turn 1:"Woo, playing as Chaos feels so good"Turn 20:"Hell, I have no army, no money, no buildings. Omg I have only one turn before I run out of gold!!!"Turn 55: "Phew, finally got enough money for everything. Now I can sit and get units and maybe build something"Turn 56:"Alright, I saw the bird comming and-- Holy hell!!! Is it hunting me!? It has full army and a giant amount of heroes!? RUN!!!"Turn 85: "Good that I ran this way. Capture capture capture everything fast! It's comming!" Turn 100:"Okay, seems I am far enough. Now I will get an army. And maybe even another lord!Turn 101:"Yay, I have a third lord now! And no army for him... Anyway, I needed to start from something? Turn 102:*Critical success* Your lord has been killed. "Fuuuuuuuuu"Turn 120: "The bird is dead? Wait, what? But I've just got an army huge enough to kill it... Oh, I finally get a peace pact from that giant faction!"Turn 121:"Vampires want me to join the war against the faction with which I got peace 1 turn ago... fu--"In other words, Total War Warhammer is probably one of the best game from all TW. In has great graphics, amazing atmosphere, giant units with which you can literally smash your enemies. Animations are 10\10, sometimes you just turn off all hud and enjoy the battle. It's not a game. It's a film where you can control everything.  Moreover, it's a pleasure to hear all those voices. Your strong warriors shouting something like "BRING ME THEIR SKULLS"... However, there are few bugs.... Sometimes the game crashes, sometimes it's impossible to move camera but that happens really rarely. All in all, it's one of the best games and it must be recommended to everybody.
Moon Man	Recommended	71.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198013068081/	After finishing my first campaign i can say that this game is great fun the visuals are great and being a fan of warhammer i recognise most of the units. Although it could use some patches to improve stability as it crashes on occasion and for me at least coop campaigns dont work but hopefully soon CA will get that sorted out. Overall it is a great game if your a fan of warhammer or total war you should give it a try.
Calcanius	Not Recommended	327.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198003876694/	The game itself have some good moments and for many it is a game to enjoy, but have seen several post that point at the same problem that i have, was hoping that the big patch that came along with the beast DLC would fix it, but sadly it did not. The game is leaking memory badly and it will eventualy crash the the pc of those unlucky to be affected by this problem.And i dont give much for all these silly advise that are comming out, reinstall windows, reinstall game, verify game, check driver update, check pulse and verify that you are about to go crazy with all these things.So untill they fix this memory leak i would not recommend this game to anyone, because who wants to play a game where you constantly have to check how much memory the game have used and hope it dont use to much before you end a battle.Memory leak: Game is constantly using more and more memory, in my case it was going up with around 4kb per sec constant when just being on world map and not moving. 
Jakoo	Recommended	45.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198020275250/	Only five factions at launch is dissapointing but, the core of the game is fun and entertaining. A much better launch than Rome 2.Add more factions, blood and gore, and more units.
Diewolfe	Recommended	98.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/diewolfe/	i think warhammer and total war is a perfect match.i got loading screen problem too but the hotfix fix it.got no problem running this game.no crashes what so ever.game is smooth and no lag at all.a lot of possibilities with mod enable.this game will only get betterthumbs up from me
Calcanius	Not Recommended	327.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198003876694/	The game itself have some good moments and for many it is a game to enjoy, but have seen several post that point at the same problem that i have, was hoping that the big patch that came along with the beast DLC would fix it, but sadly it did not. The game is leaking memory badly and it will eventualy crash the the pc of those unlucky to be affected by this problem.And i dont give much for all these silly advise that are comming out, reinstall windows, reinstall game, verify game, check driver update, check pulse and verify that you are about to go crazy with all these things.So untill they fix this memory leak i would not recommend this game to anyone, because who wants to play a game where you constantly have to check how much memory the game have used and hope it dont use to much before you end a battle.Memory leak: Game is constantly using more and more memory, in my case it was going up with around 4kb per sec constant when just being on world map and not moving. 
Wellington 'The Badger'	Recommended	52.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198007344971/	As a long time Total War fan, I must say I did express concern when I saw Warhammer listed as the next installment in my favourite stratergy series. How were they going to incorportate this fantasy world, with all its beasts and magic? I thought it wouldn't be possible. I was so wrong!This game is a true delight to play! The fantasy world of Warhammer has flawlessly been incorporated into the game. A great deal of lore has been researched and it is clearly seen from the moment you launch yourself into a battle or campaign. Now I started off in standard style as the Empire. My first battles against the scessionists were bloody indeed, the detail in each unit and map is fantastic. The AI are uncannily cunning at times, performing smooth flanking attakcs and effective use of terrain to their advantage. The shock of fighting other species such as Orcs, threw me into a new playstyle, as their brutal direct charges straight through my front lines of spears and secondary rows of swords did little to blunt their bloodthirsty advance. Suffice to say 2000 of the Emperors finest were lost that day. Now sufficently experienced in fighting Orcs and now Dwarves as my Empire has rapidly expanded swalloing up great sections of the land of men. From the Forests of Adren, Wissenland, Nordland, Tabalenacland and Western Sylvania. The races of men feel the corruption of chaos spreading and wreathing down from the North. Dark powers of the Vampires infect my Western borders. The game has brought about a complete conversion in my thoughts toward the game. Easily one of the best Total Wars in recent years! Smooth gameplay, intense combat, brilliant magical spells which used correctly can greatly aid the course of a battle! At the end of the day, even with these great spells and creatures like trolls, Imperial Peagasus' and Chaos Dragons, the game remains a Total War adventure, grand armies and hordes make up for differences in magic knowledge and use. The building browser remains similar to Romes, nothing to complain of, the technology tree finely balanced, there is enough to keep you watching your scholars for new tech. Diplomacy doesnt seem to have many changes, I have seen people declare the AI to be ignorant in diplomacy, I have had little in the way of annoying diplomacy in 80 turns. People have said that trade is also useuless? Not so? I make 5000 gold in trade? The game runs smoothly even on Ultra I get a wonderful 60-80fps. Then of course that depends upon your PC setup. The game has only crashed on me once, no doubt due to a scripting error, to be fixed in upcoming patches. This game is a gem.It really is a game to buy and expereince yourself. Solid 8.5/10. I will be sinking many hours into this latest Total War masterpiece.
Neptune	Not Recommended	1,216.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/0101010121234/	As a Warhammer World fan, it's good enough. Players will be able to take the field of battle with some of the most iconic figures of the IP. It's good fun, it really is.For Total War fans, it seems CA has removed more features than they've added. Compared to an outdated Medieval 2 Total War, it falls short in terms of content and versatility. Player armies are mostly going to be cookie-cutter unless a self-imposed challenge has been issued. The AI’s armies, are almost all missile cavalry or missile infantry.Mods have consistently saved the Total War series since Empire Total War. And the same can be said for Total War Warhammer.I can't recommend this title as a Total War fan or as a concerned customer of Creative Assembly. It's saving grace is that it's set in the Warhammer World IP ..I'll happily change my review once I feel CA has lived up to their M2TW standards.
HappiGeek	Not Recommended	25.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198031931288/	Game crashes upon launch.  Playig in offline mostly works but game still crashes too much.
Devvy	Recommended	266.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197980407795/	I've been playing TW since the first shogun, and after getting burned by Rome 2 I was pretty skeptical, but the game's solid.  Pros:- Great job on optimization, at least compared to previous games- Battles are the best they've ever been- New elements like magic and monstrous creatures add a great level of depth to combat- Very well polished and atmospheric- Voice acting, music, and general sound is all great- AI all around - though not perfect and prone to hiccups here and there - is certainly very much improved- Campaign map is less tedious, additions like quests add immersion and things to do besides blobbing- Global recruitment Cons:- Agents can get a little frustrating with how weak they are against other agents.  Even with Witch hunters with level 3 assassination or whatever it's called will take like 5 or 6 tries and 3,000 gold later to actually wound some♥♥♥♥♥♥sorcerer who's the same level as him. - Quests tend to pull you all over the map, so while they're really cool and a great feature they can get a bit frustrating at times.  For example, part of a quest demanded that I ally with Nordland - but despite fighting all their same enemies, being friends of their friends, and showering them with gifts, it took an extremely long time for them to accept anything.  I had the next part of the quest - acquire a Rocket Battery - done well before it.  - No NaviesYour mileage may vary:- General system still in place.  Whilst global recruitment addresses this, it feels more like a bandaid than a feature.  Maybe it's for the AI to prevent tiny stacks everywhere, but I greatly preferred being able to freely move units wherever I wish.  I've been told the reason is to focus on smaller, bigger battles but in my experience it just makes every battle the same 20v20 or 20v8.  A better option I think would be to allow more units in a single stack and re-introduce the interception mechanic from Empire.  But hey, I'm not a programmer so if it's better this way then so be it. - Campaign map though less tedious is becoming more and more simplified.  I'm not crying over sanitation and food, but I do miss the long extensive building chains in previous total wars (even just things like upgrading roads, it was cool seeing the province develop and looking at actual ships and wagons traveling between towns)As a side note I do have to give praise to CA or Sega or whoever has been in charge of marketing it.  It was very transparent with live gameplay being easily available to watch (though I don't know why a bunch of random youtube streamers who don't play total war were given copies, I'd much rather just watch the CA group or actual TW streamers play).  It was also a good show of faith to move chaos from pre-order to 1st week free.  Whilst I despise early DLC stuff, it was still a nice gesture and shows they listen to the community. All in all a great game, definitely recommend.
Berg	Not Recommended	2.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/265551238/	The DLC for this game is just plain ridiculous and the ammount of DLC shilling in it is as well, oh btw you cant skip this if you want the full Warhammer Total War 2 experiance since the DLC crosses over so that means to get the full game you need to buy this game and all its overpriced DLC's so that Warhammer 2 is not a jigsaw thats missing half the pieces. Dont get me wrong its a good game on it own merits but the ammount of cash they try to deepthroat out of your wallet is just ridiculous. I would suggest getting the game through some sort of "cheaper" means
vomitoff	Recommended	235.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198047162675/	Issues relating to DLC and pricing aside, this total war game is immensely fun. CA has merged the Warhammer lore/content well into the game - Warhammer Fantasy was always a natural fit for the Total War series.But forking out 80 bucks for the base game plus the chaos DLC is pushing it, and I tend to agree with users' view on the DLC issue. That initial 80 bucks alone should have me covered for a lot more content than what I got. Notwithstanding the DLC pricing and other issues, I would recommend.
steelmidnight	Recommended	1,769.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198114272381/	Product received for free
Mei Shinohara	Recommended	54.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198077958775/	If you're a fan of the fantasy genre and of strategy this is a good game to get into.Enjoying the game myself so far.
khwils02	Recommended	713.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198243375504/	A great game that runs so much better than any of the recent Total War games. It still has some of the issues of Total War AI, but all in all the battles are a ton of fun. Probably gonna easily sink a couple hundred hours into this game.
Surreal	Recommended	1,107.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/CommissarGambino/	Product received for free
p.y.alary	Recommended	1,048.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198179815486/	Good Game, but it is better because of the stuff in workshop!!!!
Comradius	Recommended	159.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198048399646/	After playing this game for the amount of time I have, I feel the compelling urge to add my voice to the conflicted, screaming masses that compose the Steam reviewing section. Yes, Creative Assembly is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t company. Yes, the DLC is overpriced. Yes... they have not at this time added in Tomb Kings. Game breaking, I know.But that's the thing. Beastmen, Wood Elves, even Chaos -- none of these races are necessary to enjoy the game. The base four races are easily superior -- the Empire is easily the most fun you will have with this game, Vampire Counts as a close second. People gripe endlessly about the "$70 price range" when you're not forced by any means to buy any of the DLC.Total War: Warhammer is a fresh take on the Total War series, adding a welcome fantasy twist to a usually historical setting. The game itself is extremely polished, with each faction equipped with their own unique strengths and weaknesses. Graphically, the game is beautiful. Gameplay-wise, the unit roster is cut down to only necessary units, augmented with heroes and monstrous creatures. The excessive tedium of endless siege battles that blighted past titles have been removed, thank god. Almost RPG-esque elements of skill points and loot grab have been added into the formerly dull commander system. Extensive mod support is featured, adding a welcome aspect of replayability.Overall, this is absolutely the best game that the Total War series has cranked out so far. ♥♥♥♥ the mixed rating you see on the store page, this purchase is totally worth it.
Mustela Putorius Furo	Recommended	173.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Dustyfish/	Bloody fantastic, must buy.
Dunk Slammington, Lord of Dunk	Recommended	858.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/YaDangle/	Beastmen DLC edit: puting this up again cause people are downvoting the game for the DLC pricing without having paid for OR played it yet. I mean, can we judge a game's price after we play it please??? Also, after 400 hrs of campaign, MP and custom battles I still think this is the best TW released in recent memory. Keep up the good work CA!Stablest launch I have ever seen from CA. Gameplay is likened to that of Medieval 2, BUT UP A BUNCH OF NOTCHES. CA just released MP patch for the slow loading times, so I am now proud to give this a 10/10 on launch day. You should definitely buy!
Wedge	Recommended	135.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198058933027/	WAAAGH!
Yer Auld Da	Recommended	25.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198006682102/	Having never really paid attention to the Warhammer series I was quite unsure going into this game what to expect.Though as usual I bought it on release and have to say I am very pleasantly surprised by whats on offer with this game and more importantly how fluid and well it actually runs.I think taking the franchise in this direction was a complete breath of fresh air and with the difference in world landscape and what I enjoy the most is the different faction unit types.From chaos raiders in the north to vile greenskins in the south this game offers a complete range and variety of different playthrough options with all the factions out there to choose from. Long gone are the reused voices of the roman and barbarian generals and we welcome vampires and dwarves every faction feels unique in its own way.Well done guys at creative assemly you totally knocked it out the park with this game and really looking forward to some faction DLC keep up the great work!Give this game a shot you will not be dissapointed. Watching my Reiksguard crash into chaos warhounds is the most satisfying feeling ever
Volition	Recommended	66.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197972850891/	i cant play it for some reason buged i guess, it was fun while i could play it for about 30 mins tho....
Volition	Recommended	66.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197972850891/	i cant play it for some reason buged i guess, it was fun while i could play it for about 30 mins tho....
GFTDphoenix	Recommended	443.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198026443436/	Well into my Empire campaign, and I must say, I'm very pleased with the game thus far and looking forward to playing the other factions available. The variety of factions and creatures at your disposal really brings the game into its own. A massive step for The Creative Assembly, but one worth taking.Eagerly looking forward to more content for this game.
BlueTomato97	Recommended	72.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/bluetomato97/	This game is just so good! It runs like a dream on my GTX 970 and Fx 8320, however load times are a bit long. When I first started the game it took 3-5 minutes to get past the title screen (I think this is why so many people are complaining about "crashes") However, since then, it has run just fine with fairly quick load times. The load times are definitely faster than Shogun 2 for example.Edit: I forgot to mention that I run the game on High with textures and unit sizes set at Ultra. Not quite maxed out but it still looks fantastic
wuff	Recommended	135.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/wuffya/	I've never been a fan of total war games, too slow and the settings never interested me. But total war warhammer has been a blast. Interesting factions that play different from each other with interesting and unique units, beautiful visuals in battles and on the world map, great performance, simple but fun city management, great mod support. The only negative I have experienced is the GUI in some places, I have multiple saves and the GUI is too simple and makes it difficult to track your saves since there is so little information displayed about a save.
FAT_KONAN	Recommended	317.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/FAT_KONAN/	Great graphics, fun campaign, fun battles, competent A.I. , polished, balanced & stable.Buy it.  
Handsome Devil	Recommended	288.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198095787032/	after bran f*****  me over i was sad, but I held that door and played this game, its good i like it.
simshady	Recommended	22.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198109565005/	Great game.....
Allen	Recommended	84.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Bodish/	I've not had this much fun with a total war game since Medieval 2 and Rome, was definetely worth the purchase.The game runs really smooth compared to more recent Total War games.
Julius Seizure	Recommended	589.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198060516080/	The game runs great and isually looks stunning. A really good Total war.Don't listen to these negative reviews. You can't run the game on a potato
blackeye634	Recommended	7.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197971868405/	Lets keep this short and sweet. I have a I7 4770k running at 4.2 ghz 16 gig ramnvidia gtx 780 on windows 10 x64and had no problems beyond a slow splash screen load up. (maybe 30 40 seconds of splash screen then it loads into game menu)As for the game, it is pretty much what I expected, Warhammer overlay of Total War.It looks good, runs well and is fun. What more do I have to say.P.S while I'm a big Warhammer fan, I haven't played any total war games in years. (Kingdoms 1 I think)The combination drew me back and so far, enjoying what I've seen. Will update, if I feel something needs saying.
ａｎｔｉｋｙｔｈｅｒａ	Recommended	95.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198050219710/	You know a games good when your catapult shoots a dive bombing golbin out of the air, only to see its remains shower over your army like confetti at a party, while in the north you♥♥♥♥♥♥ pillage and burn everything you see for the glory of satan of course.All the dumb♥♥♥♥♥♥that was broken in Rome 2 is fixed and all the features that were needed have been added. Plus the model design is badass. It is impossible to have a boring battle.Don't cry because you play on a toaster, my game runs fine.
Captain Spork	Recommended	8.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/NoobMcNugget/	Well...Never played a game like this before..Had no idea what i was doing even with the little dude telling me what to do....Still getting my mouth pounded by goblins and roaming armies.....spent 45 minutes before resetting my game cause i couldnt figure out how to get my army out of a village they were turtling in.......10/10 would look like a complete idiot and get my♥♥♥♥♥kicked again 
TheMC85	Recommended	107.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jasonmac1985/	Great game! If you are a warhammer fan then it is an amazing game! Needs a few fixes and I'm hoping for a blood and gore dlc soon..
faflamflam	Recommended	283.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/faflamflam/	Great game ,awsome add to the total war series
𝕭𝖔𝖇☕🐱🐬	Recommended	90.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197972642306/	I treated myself to this game, and all its DLC's over the Christmas Holidays. I have many of the Total War series, and have accumulated my fair share of hours in them. Although this one is new to me, it offers a lot of nice new, and improved features, but yet keeps many of the Total War: Attila commands in place.What I like most of all about the game is its new mythical units. They're great to see in action. I favor the Elves & Vampires, but there are others to choose from. As usual, the graphics are stunning, and the music score is immersive. It's totally Modable to fix anything you don't like about the game.The game is difficult to master, but easy enough to learn if you have the patience or are familiar with any of the latest Total War series. So if you're a patient planner, thinker and like in-depth strategy games, then this is right up your alley.As Always,KEEP ON GAMING!🐱👍
mj_1347	Recommended	386.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198027917541/	This game is awesome! I've played a bunch of total war games over the years, and this by far feels like the best thing they came up with!
Dc.yan	Not Recommended	36.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198371647072/	More than half the game is hidden within DLC content that you have to buy... so disgusting, ugly sega
AngusDestroyer	Recommended	225.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197972038714/	Fans have been waiting for a Total Game set in the Warhammer universe for a long time coming and Creative Assembly did not disappoint. This is the smoothest launch of a Total War game in a long time (maybe ever?). I have not experience any random crashes and performance is great. Magic and flying units are a great addition and add fun dynamics to the battles. Giant monsters also are fun to use and watch tear through normal units on the battlefield. I am torn on the removal of the village battles as sometimes they were fun but other times they were very annoying. I can understand why they were removed but I wish they kept it as an option. I'd give this game an 9.0/10 due to there being no Elvish races at launch.
lawtje	Not Recommended	35.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/lawtje/	Last Total War game I'll ever buy. I bought this game for a lot of money, have to pay for DLC that should have been part of the game. Even for blood effects. FU
Serx	Recommended	230.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198035742939/	Things that might be deal breakers for youThese do not bother me, but they might bother you-The trilogy will be expensive between DLC and 2 expansion. If you are completest you now know what you are getting yourself into.-Additionally, the game has a new occupation mechanic. Basically, there are certain parts of the map which you cannot occupy and govern. In these regions your faction acts kind of like a hord. If you goal is to annex the world know that you cannot unmodded.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Changes from previous total war-'Historical' battles are now part of the campaign instead of a seperate game mode. In past total wars I always felt that the game was missing a story to keep me going. At a certain point the all the battles just blended together. Having the quest battles in campaign helps in them down and adds importance to the campaign. Some of them feel a little odd in that there is no time limit or no conquences for failure.-General and agent customization: The agents and generals are now much more customizable with abilities and names. I feel far more attached to my leaders and morn their deaths. They can also join in armies and fight in battles which is cool.-Magic. The implications of magic are not as dramatic as one might think. The spells are interesting and need to be used strategically and do not feel spammy.  Ironicallly because the regular abilites are not limited by the magic pool it is the normal powers which feel spammy and poorly executed to me.-Fly units: These units are extremely moble, however they still require planning and strategy. They can be just as effective as well timed shock cavalry or as ineffective as poorly managed cavalry. Many times the risk is getting this units isolated.-Vanguard deployment: Some units can now deploy outside of the normal deployment zone making them excellent for scouting and ambushing.-Regional occupation: You can no longer paint the world in your colors. Instead of occupying everything it give you a reason to sack and raze areas, which I have never done in any prior totalwar game.-Seiges are focused on part of the city instead of the entire think. It's no better or worst than the older titles just different.-Allies actually appear to be helpful durring wars-Stability: For me the game seems very stable.------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Problems which are still the same-Battle AI has only minor improvements, but is still can only handle a narrow range of tactics from humans.-Campaign diplomacy still feels arbitrary-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------RailroadingSome people fear that campaign will be railroaded because of the defined starting possitions, quests and regional ocupation. However the campaign does not feel railroaded at all.What does feel railroaded is the battle plans. The factions are so speciallized that you have limited tactical options. This is not to say that the game does not require battle planning, just that a faction has a prefered military doctrine that needs respected.-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Warhammer is the perfect setting for a total war game. Warhammer has flashy units and lore in a violent universe which is at constant war. Even the poor diplomatic system kind of works for warhammer. Warhammer includes races which play very differently from each other.Warhammer totalwar also is astep towards fixing one of my biggest issues with a total war game, battle context. The warhammer story arch and events add more context to battles.If you are satisfied with past total wars you will be satisfied with this one too. If you are into warhammer, buy this it might be the greatest warhammer game for PC.
lagrie	Recommended	494.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198035391503/	Must say one of the best warhammer games to date.Also running on ultra with 70-80 fps. sometimes a drop to 60. never below it tough.Game runs great. having lots of fun with this amazing warhammer game and all its lore.Blood for the blood god! Skulls for the skull throne !And to all who are playing. Enjoy the game !
Wubby	Recommended	44.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/deitybladegaming/	good game, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ business model
Black Tom Ash	Recommended	132.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198056308572/	I must admit I don't understand all the negative reviews and complaints about this game. It's more or less absolute perfection, and the best thing to ever happen to Warhammer Fantasy on PC.
AresOfThrace	Recommended	794.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/areswholoveswar/	This game perfectly combines the greatest aspects of both Total War and Warhammer Fantasy; a huge sandbox-campaign, huge variation of factions and units, roleplay-elements, diplomacy and awesome brutality! The AI is as dumb and reliant on cheats as in any other TW title, but If you like Warhammer as I do, you gonna have tons of fun with the game anyways!
sharuezbot	Not Recommended	31.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Sharuez/	Marketing scam, wants you to pay 120 just have the whole world map... like wtf CA my friend really wants to play but cant cuz need warhammer one like why did you split up the game then? Ill tell you why cuz you are money greedy f**ks. just out of principle I wouldnt get this game. too bad I didnt know this until after the fact so f**k CA
Big Boom Boom	Recommended	339.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/miqotefan/	Game barely has any half-naked multi-breasted tentacular spiky mutant heretical chaos warrior she-dude. Slaanesh does not approve.BUT KHORNE APPROVES, BLOOD FOR THE BLOOD GOD.
Dew	Recommended	894.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198011252647/	The game is really great and fun to play. Most negative reviews are about the DLC content how Creative Assembly and SEGA goes about making money. I do share the complaints but I don't think it outweights how good this game is in general to give it a not recommended review.
Burn	Recommended	500.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Burn86/	I haven't enjoyed a Total War game like this since Medieval 2. I'm not familiar with the Warhammer universe, but it's not the fantasy setting, it's the gameplay, the beautiful graphics, attention to detail and battle mechanics that I like. The factions look and play so differently from one another, it's great, and the most celebrated change for me is the unit 1 on 1 battle - or the lack of it. No more individual units locking into a "dance" with each other - finally! Though I tremendously enjoy playing this game, I'm a historic Total War fan, so I hope that after this they'll do Medieval 3 with the same quality and love. http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=703026902 http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1379469073 http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=695953430 Unlocked all achievements!
blueleader102	Recommended	1,165.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198044988190/	As a....well, I suppose a disclaimer of sorts, I feel it necessary to inform whomever reads this that I have never reviewed a game prior to this. I just don't, because it's never been a thing for me. So feel free to judge, critique, or whatever you fancy.I have played other Total war titles, and most of these induced some form of hype prior to release. Some lived up to it, but more did not. Total War's most recent addition, TW: Warhammer is a new and welcome addition to the former. There may only be five playable factions (for now), but the amount of content for each one; be it quest lines, events, missions, or simply lore for the most die-hard of Warhammer fans; you will most likely be satisfied until new content becomes available in the coming weeks and months. I will admit that most of my experience so far comes from the Dwarves and the Empire, but I have dabbled in the three remaining factions (for the uninformed, they are the Vampire Counts, the Greenskins, and the Warriors of Chaos), and from simply scratching the surface, I found them appealing enough to dig deeper (I simply haven't gotten around to it yet, preferring to finish what I already have started).TW: Warhammer is one of the games where you will lose (badly oftentimes, especially if you underestimate your opponent for whatever reason) but the thrill of facing a superior enemy means that when you DO manage to send them reeling backwards in retreat, it is that much more satisfying. More than that, each faction has their own unique way of doing so. The Dwarves have the (arguably) most basic approach of any faction, and one that is best summed up in one word; wall. The Dwarf units, even the ones they start out with, are quite tough un-aided, and when provided with buffs from their Lords and tech tree, can prove quite formidable foes. The Dwarves, as a general rule of thumb, are unyielding. They do not give ground easily, they do not move around easily, they do not DIE easily. The three things you can expect them to do easily is grumble (and they will do so if you cannot rid the Dammaz Kron of Grudges), make money (and you WILL be making tons later on) and drink copious amounts of ale (the Dwarven kind, not the disgustingly watered down pigswill that the manlings of the Empire have taken to). The Dwarves also have (again, arguably) the best artillery in the game. This, combined with their ability to seize a patch of ground, then hold it against daunting odds is what makes them a foe (or ally) to be feared and respected in equal measure.The Empire is the most flexible of the Old World factions, and it has to be. As the leader of a divided and bereft bunch of bickering nation-states, you will be facing (and probably bearing the brunt of) an impending invasion of the Norsican tribes, and their dark masters; Chaos. While Chaos hates everyone more or less equally, you are a partial exception. In other words, they are out for blood; more specifically, your blood. Thus, given the target on your back, it behooves you to move with purpose. What is that purpose? Why, welding the disparate nations of the Empire into a unified whole, of course! This can be accomplished through the tried-and-true Napoleonic method, the less murderous Confederation option, or through recolonizing the burnt out sections as they fight each other. To your West, lies the lands of Bretonnia and the other pseudo-french states (and a single tribe of Orks, more on that later). If you feel the uncontrollable urge to conquer, pillage, and murder them, do so with care because they can be quite formidable in battle. If you are not properly prepared to swiftly conquer them, especially if you have not united the Empire prior, you are doomed to a long, hard slog that will only weaken you both before Chaos arrives in force. To your North, the Noriscan tribes will descend southwards to pillage your territories, and those of your allies. In fact, they will even attack the Orks and the Dwarves, given the chance. Counter-attacking into their lands is difficult but not impossible and for the more belligerently-inclined, can prove quite lucrative. To your direct East lies other Imperial states (and Russi-I mean Kislev) and eventually the Vampire Counts. Conquering other human factions, or waiting for the Vampires to come to your door, it matters not. You will end up facing them one way or another, and better it be on your terms, than theirs. Short of Chaos, they will likely be your most bitter opponent. Why? Because your dead will not necessarily stay dead. In fact, the Vampires will raise the dead (theirs and yours) at every opportunity, and this is their potentially most dangerous quality; quantity. They will drown you in bodies if you let them. Of course, they also have monsters and unspeakable horrors. Of the factions, Vampires have some of the most potent magic and can raise the dead on the battlefield. Their array of monsters is also some of the most extensive of any faction, and they can prove deadly. Any campaign against the Vampires will most likely take some time, because they live for a war of attrition. The Dwarves will not usually trouble the Empire much, because Dawi and Umgi (Dwarf and Human, respectively) have little to bicker about; neither can conquer the others' lands, and both make equitable (if not amenable) trading partners. But as the Empire (did I forget to mention you have two between you and the pseudo-French?), it is in your best interest to treat them with respect, because they are useful allies to have; no matter how small (never say this to a Dwarf, because an axe to your face is the most likely and subsequently LEAST painful method of recompense). Orks are not worth mentioning, because they are more the Dwarves' problem than yours, though you will have to face one tribe to the Northwest.Chaos, to your far Northeast, is the ultimate foe. They will murder everything and leave the world bereft of even the most minute single-celled bacteria that isn't infected by their corruptive influence. No approach is fool-proof, so all I can say is this; aid your allies when they need it, call upon your allies when YOU need it, and don't be afraid to retreat when necessary. You will have allies in the fight against Chaos, and you are the shield behind which they will strike out from. Collaboration is your best survival technique.I apologize for not being able to offer anymore on the remaining three factions campaigns but, as I noted above, I have yet to play them myself, and can only offer what I know from facing them. I hope to play their campaigns soon, and will (hopefully) enjoy them as thoroughly as I have the previous ones. To those looking to buy or contemplating saving your money, I enjoy the game, but it is not without its' shortcomings. Agents, for the moment, seem to favor the AI's chance of success more than yours; it can be irritating but is by no means game-breaking. The game will punish you for mistakes made; if your army is a hapless mosh-posh of mixed units, with no thought given to what they might face, odds are that army will perish. There are no naval battles (and I myself am a BIG naval enthusiast) which is a bit disappointing. To me, the set-piece naval battles of Napoleon and Empire were some of the best( and still are); as opposed to the mess that is Rome 2 and Attila naval battles. Hopefully, there will be room to add them (in a playable, fun, and meaningful way) into the game in future. And battles can be messy, and fast-paced. The things that detract from the game, however, are suprisingly minor when taken in scope with the whole. I myself would rate TW: Warhammer at about 4.1-4.2 stars out of five. Nothing is perfect, and games are no exception. There are almost certainly problems I have missed, and parts of the game I have undoubtedly glossed over; but in my humble opinion Total War: Warhammer is a significant achievement for Creative Assembly. Thank you for reading!
Aithor	Recommended	199.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198018508159/	I'll be the first to say that I'm not a fan of Sega's dlc policy, but the truth is that you will be missing out on a great game if you don't get it just because of the dlc.
ajgoody	Recommended	115.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ajgoody/	First review. Don't normally bother, but this game is getting some hate for some dubious reasons. Played for 6 hour so far and had a bug free experience. Had to update my drivers and verify my game cache to get it started however. This game plays much as I thought it would, a total war game set in the WHFB universe (apparently this was a surprise for some people?!). Looks great overall, units and animations are superb. Some of castle sieges could be in more open environments like in ME2TW,  instead of been blocked off. The AI is better then expected, but I did have low expectations in this regard. This game is fun, challanging and seems like it will be repayable. I think has lots of potential for future updates both free and paid for DLC.  
NotChristopher	Not Recommended	42.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Poddd108/	Brilliant game. However releasing the game with only 5 initally playable factions is BS. £5.99 for chaos? £1.99 for gore? And now you're expecting people to pay another £13.99 for beastmen? Absolutely to shameful....
Fish Taco Tuesdays	Recommended	583.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198005767116/	I played Warcraft 2 when it came out on a 56K modem, this is the best Fantasy Battle RTS I've played since. I ♥♥♥♥ing love the Warhammer Fantasy IP and I've played it since the late 80's, this game absolutely nails the feel of waging massive battles with fantastical troops and creatures.+ Gorgeous models+ Top notch voice acting, sound effects, and an epic score I hum when not playing+ Warhammer to the bone in atmosphere+ Endless fun tweaking with army composition and experimenting with different tactics+ Free DLC released regularly+ Pay DLC unquestionably worth the money10/10 would raise Altdorf again.
Fazo	Recommended	441.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197980515766/	Haven't been this hooked to a TW game since Medieval 2
Sirius Sam	Recommended	279.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/siriussam/	I loved the pace of the campaign and the diversity of battles. Between races, heros, mounts, magic, there's so many possible combinations for battles that it makes my head spin.This TW is less oriented towards the strategic map which is fine with me. But if you liked autoresolving battles, i suppose this game will sound like a downgrade. Otherwise don't hesitate!
Heisenberg	Recommended	115.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198294957962/	can't wait to play this game tonight
Katharu	Recommended	74.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/katharu/	I dont usually post reviews but its a disgrace how the best total war game in ages gets released... and some people get really emotionally challenged about very minor launch issues (which can be fixed in literally two clicks). This game deserve much better user reviews.The game runs actually REALLY well (my rig can barely handle rome 2, lets not talk about attila please...), crashfree, looks beautiful and the gameplay is a blast. AI is pretty decent (they attack in formation, flank with cavalry, skrimish properly). The units and factions are just awesome fun and it is also quite challenging but fair (playing on hard).Ther ya go, now zog off ye gits cuz i gotta do sum propa skull splittinWAAAGH!
TRU	Recommended	146.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TruSmoke/	First off, I just wanna say: THANK YOU! If you've played Total War games then you know that between each and every turn you're stuck sitting, not playing(having fun), and forced to wait while the 1,000 other AI factions move around the campaign map 1 by 1(SSD made NO difference for loading AI movement between turns). NO MORE! Now each turn isn't slowed to a crawl for 2 mins as the different AI factions move about. It's sooooo much faster, much more pleasant to hit "End Turn" and is just SO welcome.So I've been playing Total War: Warhammer since it released on the 24th of May and I have to say that it's very, very good. Probably the best Total War game to come out since Shogun(but I'm a fan and long time player of all in the Total War series). And it also runs pretty good on my system at Ultra preset graphic settings-- something you can't say has happened very often with Creative Assembly and their Total War games. Most Total War games start off poorly optimized, balancing issues, poor performance, and with the occassional bug or glitch. Total War: Warhammer has been fantastic, literally from the get-go, which is awesome! They've made improvements to the campaign map and it's become much more efficient to manage and build out cities & provinces. Additionally, the units in this game are diverse and fun to use. Just like previous Total War games each unit has direct strengths and counters in which it's best to place/fight them where they are most efficient. If you have played earlier Total War games, Total War: Warhammer does a few things simpler than you might expect. Rather than setting precise levels of taxation it's now an on/off toggle for each province, and thanks to a short timescale there's no worrying about rulers getting old, or armies suffering attrition every winter.They also added a new 'hero' system which are strong and powerful single-unit entities to make battles even more fun to manage and kick♥♥♥♥♥ You can move a hero(s) right into the middle of a large-scale battle and watch it devastate and take out entire regiments with brute force or magic spells.There are many other changes that I haven't mentioned which I think make the game that much more refined and enjoyable w/clear-cut quests as well as objectives and goals. And if you pre-ordered or purchase within the first week of release you'll get access to a 5th unique playable race: Warriors of Chaos. The other races consist of The Empire(humans), Dwarfs, Greenskins, and Vampire Counts. Each race has it's own campaign to play as well as each having unique units, strategies, heroes, and structures(building chains).  I have Total War: Warhammer running on:i5 2500k @ 4.5GHzGTX 780 SC (have SLI but not currently supported)16GB RAM DDR4SSD (This is a must! Loading times, of which there are many, are painfully long to sit through without)Ultra Settings and I'm able to get steady ~50-60fps. Bigger, multi-army battles and this drops to the ~30's.All in all, I applaud Creative Assembly for Total War: Warhammer. Well done! It's a fantastic game so far.
Jin3581	Recommended	469.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198131974957/	I will kill my family, to raise more zombies in my army.. Thats how good it is!!
lbthegreat	Recommended	113.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/lbthegreat/	I'm a fairly jaded Total War fan. I love the series a lot, but I've been fairly disappointed with everything since Medieval II. Yes, even Shogun 2 which everyone seems to be talking about as the last great game in the franchise. I thought it was really uninteresting to play. I'm also a big Warhammer fan, who has been largely underwhelmed with modern video game adaptations such as they are. I nearly didn't pre-order Total Warhammer.I'm glad I did, it is in my opinion the (equal) best Total War game to date, matching the originals inventiveness and experimental nature. I love it.My PC is not good. I have a good graphics card but my CPU is five years old and is rubbish. I can still play Total Warhammer on the recommended settings with a better framerate than I've had in a TW game in five years. I've had no technical issues whtsoever, no crashes or freezes or slowdowns or anything.The graphics are fantastic. The Warhammer World has never looked so good, and it looks good even with the settings set fairly low. I do have some criticisms of some design elements, combat animations are a bit less interesting than previous games but honestly I'd rather that get patched in later and have the dev team focus on delivering a stable game first which is what seems to have happened.Gameplay is excellent. Each race (I've only played Vampire Counts, Empire and Dwarfs so far, no Orcs or Chaoss) has a distinct play style that actually works, and each unit type seems to have a value when you use it properly. I tended to end up with cookie cutter armies in most previous installments but I find myself building widely variant armies in this installment, and having success with them.The campaign map and city building elements are familiar with no major innovations I think but its well executed and easy to use.AI seems much improved. Skealing and Varg races in particular were downright cunning, sending armies right down the coast to raid my souther cities while harassing me in the north. Unlike in previous games there was actually a patchwork of AI powers that formed a fairly stable bloc of nations to the south rather than being dominated by one race (though the very south ended up being controlled by teh dwarfs after they successfully destroyed all the orc tribes). Diplomacy is MUCH better, I actually started getting offers of peace and trade from AI at sensible times intead of waiting until I was besieging their final city to sue for peace. Sometimes a war would end as soon as it would begin because I'd come to an allies aid and the aggressor would throw money at me. Battle AI seems improved too, with all the races using tactics suited to their unit roster. Battles have been challenging without being unbalanced for the difficulty level.I don't feel only having four or five playable factions at the start is a negative, not when each plays so differently. Having said that I am looking forward to getting more factions to play, especially Elves. Dark and Wood Elves would offer possibility for some really novel ways of shaking up the faction dynamic. Wood Elves expanding into forest rather than settlements, Dark Elves operating from Black Arks along the coast rather than traditional settlements and so forth. Maybe they won't go down that path but its fun to speculate.I do have a few minor general criticisms:-The Skaeling and Varg seem to be far too powerful early on. I've yet to see Kislev hold onto more than one settlement by turn 50, they get slaughtered by the Norsca tribes and then WoC come and finish them off. Having that happen sometimes is fine, having Kisleb be destroyed every time not so much. They just serve as a speedbump for Chaos.-Where are the women? Seriously. Kislev is ruled by a woman and they couldn't even muster the resources to put her in game? Same for the Elector Countess of Nuln, I saw several of the other Elector Counts like Marius Leitdorf but the woman gets left out? The Empire has never been as sexist as the history on which it is based, its had empresses before and women electors and city rulers are not unusual. There are even female knights in the novels, and female wizards have been present in the lore since forever as well, all absent from the game.It gets even worse with Vampire Counts, where they have portraits and in game models for female vampires but limit them only to heroes when WFB has had female vampire lords for DECADES. I'm not talking Neferata either but von Carsteins and others. The Lahmians have a whole shadow empire going on AND have led forces into battle in some of the novels but again, completely absent from the game. I'm a guy, this isn't some political issue, this is accuracy to the source material being ignored, its frustrating. If I'm negotiating with Kislev I want to see the damned Queen of Kislev ok, not just hear about her from an NPC.Dwarven queens leading armies into battle is canon too, just saying. You can't cite historical accuracy this time CA, you're messing up the source material out of laziness. I swear if Alarielle isn't a legendary lord for High Elves I will be furious.-A bit more variety in town design on the campaign map would be nice. Like I said these are not huge issues, but Altdorf looks basically the same as Middenheim which looks the same as Talabheim etc. Or if there are differences they are so minor I missed them.Anyway, minor complaints aside this is an AMAZING game, 9/10, best Total War game since the original.
Bigcracker	Recommended	42.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198036111619/	I got to load a Goblin on a catapult and fire it at a castle while hearing it scream trying to fly with its make shift wings before it smashed into the castles wall.10 out of 10  
FreezyPop	Recommended	151.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198075773187/	A breath of fresh air compared to recent total war titles. The Fantasy setting keeps you enthralled in the battles and the unit variety makes the faction your playing unique both on the campaign map and the battle map.Pros-Cool setting-Smooth Gameplay-Beautiful AnimationsCons-Lack of Formations-Simplified Custom battle options-No unfortified town battles?
Suzuya	Recommended	106.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198006922557/	+5 distinct and unique races for different playestyles+Looks fantastic+Far better optimized than previous games in the series, running on a 970 ultra graphics 50 FPS in a 30 units per side battle+Campaign flows far better than Atilla or Rome with the removal of systems such as Imperium or Squalor and instead focussing on war (As the game should) with late game invasions and hordes to deal with rather than angry peasants.+Combat has exellent weight to it with infantry and cav charges causing hude dents in enemy forces and lines pushing and puilling+Heros and magic add an interesting layer to combat that doesn't overpower the Total War system.+Not a single bug in 10 hours of play, for those that tried the last 2 CA launches this is a very welcome change. +AI is actually rather impresive, in both field and siege battles the AI launches flanking attacks, withdraws its units when in danger, forms coherant lines and just in general plays to a high standard. Fairly impressed so far.-Seige battles are rather linear, while i like the improvements to making seiges better with the AI and less about just spamming choke points like the prior games they end too quickly and attackers have a rather limited set of options to actually assualt most setlements.-More starting locations on the campaign map would be an improvement, there is already a mod to allow this but being allowed to choose which tribe/clan/count to start the campaign as would be an improvement to allowing you to feel as if you are crafting your own nation.Overall i'm impressed so far, almost bug free launch and an impressive display in both battle and the campaign so far its looking like this will be an impressive entry in the series. 
Napoleon	Recommended	77.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198014159329/	One of the best Total War titles ever released. Battles are amazing, best since Shogun 2. Every time I start a campaign as a different faction, it actually feels like i'm playing a different faction, not the same unit roster in a slightly different place on the map. The mechanics are something I have wanted to see in total war games for a very long time. Before the campaign map was bland; reduced to simply marching armies around and building completely uninteresting buildings in copy-paste cities. Characters are back to having interesting story arcs similar to Rome and Medieval Total War.Total War Warhammer final feels like a step in the right direction in this franchise, thought and care has been put into this game. Cheers CA!
Will	Recommended	152.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/willwren/	This isnt a console game. Its a PC game, when everyone runs a different rig and therefore the game is using different hardware on each computer hence there are some bugs. I for one had no issues and got in the game right away and started claiming back the realm for the Dwarfs!The game itself is brilliant. Battles are much more brutal and your thrusted into the action and can no longer sit bit picking everyone off with your catapults and archers whilst surrounding them with spears. The campaign map is brilliant, as is the idea of having a hero. Rather than leaving them sat at the back of the battle simply buffing or debuffing you get them right in the mix of it all. People on here who have given it a negative review minutes after launch because there is a problem should go back to playing their consoles and leave the PC games to the proper PC gamers. We play on a PC because it is far superior and accept that from time to time there will be issues, as listed above, every spec is differnet and once in a while it will have a conflict issue or it will have a couple of bugs. You might say that games never used to have this many bugs on release etc, but games are much more advanced and a lot more mechanics go into it now, hence there will be problems. Its idiots like this that flood the market with pointless reviews, such as the ones on amazon given a product 1* rating because it didnt arrive on time. Says nothing about the product itself, just sums up their own intelligence. If you love Total War games and love fantasy realms, this game has been made just for you.
Darth Krayt	Recommended	184.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198086885848/	I starting playing total war with Rome, demoed the other games, played a little Medieval 2 and then went to Rome 2. Total War: Warhammer is quite unlike any other Total War game. Flying units, Spells, and monsters make the game unique. However, the cost is a reduction of strategy on the campaign map. It's taxes or no taxes, and you start with a "background income" and have limited ways to expand income. However, all-in-all, it was worth $60 bucks and will undoubtedly provide many more hours of play.Here's just a summary:PROS:Decent AIFlying troops Spells and abilities  galoreUniqueness between races (Only the Empire is really like playing a faction from a previous TW game)Powerful heroes and lordsCan rename some Heros, units and even cities.Very fun battlesRuns on my toaster (barely)CONS:Economy was folded, spindled, and mutilated from previous games. Kinda like the U.S. in the last century.Generally less depth on the campaign map Some monsters like the Arachnarok spider and the Varghulf are about as balanced as CaligulaSeems like alot of spells are repeated between lores but there are definitely unique ones (like zombie-summoning)Auto-resolve predictions are as accurate as weather forecasts.
dualhammers	Recommended	745.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Dualhammers/	This is all caveated by the fact that reviews are subjective, this is off-the-cuff, etc.I have been playing Total War games since Jr High starting with Shogun. This is a series I have cared a great deal about, and part of that comes from the love-hate relationship with the imperfections of the series. Each game has its failings: Medevial 1 was just rough; Medevial 2 had poor agents and quests and bad A.I. for sieges; Empire ran like crap at launch; Napoleon was too small in scope; Shogun 2 had the awful unit matching system that made it run poorly. Despite this I loved each one in their own way and while Medevial 2 remained my favorite I dreamed for the day that Total War made the game I always had in my head.They finally did it. It took them a decade and 8 games but they did it. I would argue that Total Warhammer is the culimation of the concept that is the Total War game design. It simplifies the extraneous layers added over time to appease the realism audience while retaining the primary challenge of those layers through faction-specific requirements. It captures the feel of the factions through systems which, as a developer, I know is incredibly hard.  It also runs really well (on my machine) which means they captured the beautiful art style in a way that smartly works with their engine.I've owned this game for two days and I'm coming up on 20 hours. In my life this is the type of game-devotion I haven't had since I had tons of free time in High School. Teen me is giddy.I am sure as I continue on I will find things I don't like about the game, but considering I've played so much and nothing stands out is already a miracle for a Total War game.If you're into Total War, Warhammer Fantasy, or just want a damn good RTS I highly suggest this game.
Calvin Patriarch of Space	Recommended	29.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Anethematic/	Been playing Total War games since the release of Rome I and put hundreds of hours into it as well as Empire, Napoleon and Shogun II and I can say with confidence that Warhammer TW is a breath of fresh air. Definitely worth it.
ChaosKhan	Recommended	368.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198007295077/	Runs smoothly even with my old GT 630, no crashes and no big bugs encountered so far. The guys from Creative Assembly delivered what they promised.Embrace the best Total War since Medieval!
*LEGENDARY*	Recommended	35.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198096230417/	The most beautiful game off all TW. I just love it <3
TRU	Recommended	146.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TruSmoke/	First off, I just wanna say: THANK YOU! If you've played Total War games then you know that between each and every turn you're stuck sitting, not playing(having fun), and forced to wait while the 1,000 other AI factions move around the campaign map 1 by 1(SSD made NO difference for loading AI movement between turns). NO MORE! Now each turn isn't slowed to a crawl for 2 mins as the different AI factions move about. It's sooooo much faster, much more pleasant to hit "End Turn" and is just SO welcome.So I've been playing Total War: Warhammer since it released on the 24th of May and I have to say that it's very, very good. Probably the best Total War game to come out since Shogun(but I'm a fan and long time player of all in the Total War series). And it also runs pretty good on my system at Ultra preset graphic settings-- something you can't say has happened very often with Creative Assembly and their Total War games. Most Total War games start off poorly optimized, balancing issues, poor performance, and with the occassional bug or glitch. Total War: Warhammer has been fantastic, literally from the get-go, which is awesome! They've made improvements to the campaign map and it's become much more efficient to manage and build out cities & provinces. Additionally, the units in this game are diverse and fun to use. Just like previous Total War games each unit has direct strengths and counters in which it's best to place/fight them where they are most efficient. If you have played earlier Total War games, Total War: Warhammer does a few things simpler than you might expect. Rather than setting precise levels of taxation it's now an on/off toggle for each province, and thanks to a short timescale there's no worrying about rulers getting old, or armies suffering attrition every winter.They also added a new 'hero' system which are strong and powerful single-unit entities to make battles even more fun to manage and kick♥♥♥♥♥ You can move a hero(s) right into the middle of a large-scale battle and watch it devastate and take out entire regiments with brute force or magic spells.There are many other changes that I haven't mentioned which I think make the game that much more refined and enjoyable w/clear-cut quests as well as objectives and goals. And if you pre-ordered or purchase within the first week of release you'll get access to a 5th unique playable race: Warriors of Chaos. The other races consist of The Empire(humans), Dwarfs, Greenskins, and Vampire Counts. Each race has it's own campaign to play as well as each having unique units, strategies, heroes, and structures(building chains).  I have Total War: Warhammer running on:i5 2500k @ 4.5GHzGTX 780 SC (have SLI but not currently supported)16GB RAM DDR4SSD (This is a must! Loading times, of which there are many, are painfully long to sit through without)Ultra Settings and I'm able to get steady ~50-60fps. Bigger, multi-army battles and this drops to the ~30's.All in all, I applaud Creative Assembly for Total War: Warhammer. Well done! It's a fantastic game so far.
Jin3581	Recommended	469.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198131974957/	I will kill my family, to raise more zombies in my army.. Thats how good it is!!
lbthegreat	Recommended	113.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/lbthegreat/	I'm a fairly jaded Total War fan. I love the series a lot, but I've been fairly disappointed with everything since Medieval II. Yes, even Shogun 2 which everyone seems to be talking about as the last great game in the franchise. I thought it was really uninteresting to play. I'm also a big Warhammer fan, who has been largely underwhelmed with modern video game adaptations such as they are. I nearly didn't pre-order Total Warhammer.I'm glad I did, it is in my opinion the (equal) best Total War game to date, matching the originals inventiveness and experimental nature. I love it.My PC is not good. I have a good graphics card but my CPU is five years old and is rubbish. I can still play Total Warhammer on the recommended settings with a better framerate than I've had in a TW game in five years. I've had no technical issues whtsoever, no crashes or freezes or slowdowns or anything.The graphics are fantastic. The Warhammer World has never looked so good, and it looks good even with the settings set fairly low. I do have some criticisms of some design elements, combat animations are a bit less interesting than previous games but honestly I'd rather that get patched in later and have the dev team focus on delivering a stable game first which is what seems to have happened.Gameplay is excellent. Each race (I've only played Vampire Counts, Empire and Dwarfs so far, no Orcs or Chaoss) has a distinct play style that actually works, and each unit type seems to have a value when you use it properly. I tended to end up with cookie cutter armies in most previous installments but I find myself building widely variant armies in this installment, and having success with them.The campaign map and city building elements are familiar with no major innovations I think but its well executed and easy to use.AI seems much improved. Skealing and Varg races in particular were downright cunning, sending armies right down the coast to raid my souther cities while harassing me in the north. Unlike in previous games there was actually a patchwork of AI powers that formed a fairly stable bloc of nations to the south rather than being dominated by one race (though the very south ended up being controlled by teh dwarfs after they successfully destroyed all the orc tribes). Diplomacy is MUCH better, I actually started getting offers of peace and trade from AI at sensible times intead of waiting until I was besieging their final city to sue for peace. Sometimes a war would end as soon as it would begin because I'd come to an allies aid and the aggressor would throw money at me. Battle AI seems improved too, with all the races using tactics suited to their unit roster. Battles have been challenging without being unbalanced for the difficulty level.I don't feel only having four or five playable factions at the start is a negative, not when each plays so differently. Having said that I am looking forward to getting more factions to play, especially Elves. Dark and Wood Elves would offer possibility for some really novel ways of shaking up the faction dynamic. Wood Elves expanding into forest rather than settlements, Dark Elves operating from Black Arks along the coast rather than traditional settlements and so forth. Maybe they won't go down that path but its fun to speculate.I do have a few minor general criticisms:-The Skaeling and Varg seem to be far too powerful early on. I've yet to see Kislev hold onto more than one settlement by turn 50, they get slaughtered by the Norsca tribes and then WoC come and finish them off. Having that happen sometimes is fine, having Kisleb be destroyed every time not so much. They just serve as a speedbump for Chaos.-Where are the women? Seriously. Kislev is ruled by a woman and they couldn't even muster the resources to put her in game? Same for the Elector Countess of Nuln, I saw several of the other Elector Counts like Marius Leitdorf but the woman gets left out? The Empire has never been as sexist as the history on which it is based, its had empresses before and women electors and city rulers are not unusual. There are even female knights in the novels, and female wizards have been present in the lore since forever as well, all absent from the game.It gets even worse with Vampire Counts, where they have portraits and in game models for female vampires but limit them only to heroes when WFB has had female vampire lords for DECADES. I'm not talking Neferata either but von Carsteins and others. The Lahmians have a whole shadow empire going on AND have led forces into battle in some of the novels but again, completely absent from the game. I'm a guy, this isn't some political issue, this is accuracy to the source material being ignored, its frustrating. If I'm negotiating with Kislev I want to see the damned Queen of Kislev ok, not just hear about her from an NPC.Dwarven queens leading armies into battle is canon too, just saying. You can't cite historical accuracy this time CA, you're messing up the source material out of laziness. I swear if Alarielle isn't a legendary lord for High Elves I will be furious.-A bit more variety in town design on the campaign map would be nice. Like I said these are not huge issues, but Altdorf looks basically the same as Middenheim which looks the same as Talabheim etc. Or if there are differences they are so minor I missed them.Anyway, minor complaints aside this is an AMAZING game, 9/10, best Total War game since the original.
DoTheMath	Recommended	41.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/do-the-math/	Tried downloading gameTook one hourTold me about driver updatesSpend an hour looking for driver updatesFind out all my drivers are updatedStart gameGame crashesStart game againWait another hour to startGame crashesStart game againStart a battleGame crashesCant start again because I had to leaveCome back, start a campaignGame crashesRating: 13 hours/ out of 10 crashesWould crash again
Reef	Recommended	44.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/reefta/	Begun playing as the empire,more backstabbing than games of thrones5/7
^ ^	Recommended	19.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198007573827/	I think its cool. If only they would stop with the dlcs and put the stuff in free updates...I dont think the game is 60 ‎€ worth in its current stage.
JuanC	Recommended	95.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198045771952/	For me, this game is better than Atilla or Rome 2. Rome 2 at launch I really hated it and wanted to refund it and my expectations for upcoming CA games were low and I decided to give this game a chance and I don't regret buying it.I recommend this game, it's awesome
Plartus	Recommended	20.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198003805854/	After reading the comments i was concerned, however i had 0 problems starting or enjoying the game. I'd also like to add this is the most streamlined and well explained game since shogun 2.
Skyrift	Recommended	2.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198158055836/	This is a quick first look into the game.Completely new to this series but purchased due to the high praise. Running the game on my 3 year old toaster and took heed to the load warnings in the comments. After a 2-3 minute black screen wait upon starting the game, I was greeted by a high quality cinematic with solid voice acting. Interface is smooth and polished, however lags a bit when I try to open the public chat from the menu -- I'm assuming this is due to servers being a bit overloaded on launch as mentioned by the devs.Loaded up a new campaign and I'm given a variety of choices of race and heroes reminenscent to Heroes of Might and Magic. Bits and pieces of lore that come up during load screens and selection moments made it feel immersive. Again, more cinematics follow and I am put into a real time battle right away with a voiced helper. My army consisted of a leader/hero and multiple unit types. It felt a little overwhelming at first with the rival army running at you, but do not worry since you're almost guaranteed to win the battle; just spend some time examining units and exploring the battlefield. The leader could provide buffs and spells and you are free to micromanage the multiple unit types in your army. The sound effects and voices set a great mood to the battles. It felt like a combination of Age of Empires and Romance of the Three Kingdoms. One thing that caught my attention was the spell menu, which, I didn't manage to figure out but it seems like your hero could utilize spells that could turn the tide of battles later on. There were previews of each spell and each one looked epic. I can't wait to try them out later. After battles you could also choose what to do with the captured enemy survivors and each choice provides a different bonus.After the battle, the game teaches about managing your cities, which felt a bit like Civilization. You could upgrade your buildings that will provide bonuses to your army.Overall, I'm pretty impressed with the level of detail, epic sounds and mix of various game mechanics and I'm only an hour into the game.I'll update this review after progressing further, had to rush this review out to balance out all the peeps who gave a negative just because the game took a while to start up.
Palkab	Recommended	44.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198007196685/	So far it's really fun and truly does the warhammer universe justice.Suprisingly (after the unplayable RTW2 at release), the game already seems quite optimized as well. Even my dated gtx760 runs the game on ultra just fine at >30fps. Loading times are also remarkably short, with battles loading in under 5 seconds when running the game from an ssd.
BlooWahFull	Recommended	40.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/BlooWahFull/	It feels weird to be playing a current-gen Total War game that doesn't have severe performance issues.
Kenai	Recommended	1.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/gk0225/	Wow.. The introduction gives me real chills!I cant wait to play it right now!
Salty	Recommended	125.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198062231838/	Doom divers 10/10
SnappyFerguson	Recommended	34.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/snappyferguson/	UPDATE: There's blood DLC now. Unlike other Total War launches, this one worked perfectly on day one for me with no issues.It's Total War and Warhammer, they're two peas in a pod. Even if you have zero knowledge about Warhammer, this game does a good job at giving you the information you need to know what's going on in the Warhammer universe. Now I just need some blood and I'll be completely satisfied.
divinepurity	Recommended	309.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/dpsru/	Fantasy magic and monsters in a total war game with good backround lore due to warhammer being used as the vehicle. It's everything I hoped for and more. Very beautiful and cinematic.
Brahson	Recommended	149.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198026090280/	Verdict: at least its not like Rome 2 at launch6/10 (note: score will likely be much better with patches)Pro:- A stable total war game with a huge new map- The available factions have unique looks and mechanics to their gameplay- Customize your main guys (lords/heroes) through skilltreesCon:- ♥♥♥♥♥♥ strategic map gameplay (play whackamole with armies, enemy agent spam)- Balance issues (1 non legendary lord can solo 3 regiments, enemy agents too hard to get rid of)- Limited in what you can conquer as each faction- Buggy camera during sieges 
HeggyHelk	Recommended	149.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/tristenislaw/	The game runs well and is well optimized. I have no framerate issues nor any issues with bugs so far. I've been waiting for this game for years, and CA definitely delivered. 10/10
Trojan	Recommended	206.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/shahed/	Actually impressed me, I haven't crashed once and can honestly say I haven't even seen a bug. Optimized pretty well too, just turn off shadows.
Ezekiel	Recommended	277.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197998340444/	Only have played the campaign and a couple custom battles.  I have to say that the game runs great so far (caveat of only playing a few hours so far) and it really gets you into the warhammer universe.  I will post more as I get farther along, but as of right now I recommend this game.EDIT:After playing through a full campaign on Normal with the Dwarves, I can say I am really digging this game, especially compared to the previous outings, again my opinion.PROS:-Game runs great, I have a relatively new gaming laptop, and I have the settings maxed out.  I had the same settings for Attila as well as Rome II, and this game smokes it in terms of performance.  Having 4 armies on screen duking it out, Dwarves vs Orks is something to behold.-I like what they did with the sieges.  It was a bit confusing at first as I didn't read all the previews for this game, so not seeing city battles was a surprise but I think this works well.-Lore.  I used to play the old warhammer RTS games back in the day, and this brings it right back but even more.  If you are a fan of this universe or just fantasy in general I think you'll be hard pressed to find a better Fantasy big battle RTS game.-Races.  I will caveat that I have only played the campaign for the dwarves, but just the differences between all the races is refreshing.  It really makes you rethink strategy and how to make your race work for you.-Battles.  Some say the tactical battles are dumbed down, in terms of setting formations etc. but I think with the addition of magic and the wide variety of units it just makes it that much more complex and it just means you might spend a bit more time setting up your deployment.CONS:-Diplomacy.  Right now in its current form it is pretty underutilized.  I understand that Dwarves and Orks won't ever ally but at least when working with the humans or other dwarf factions there could be a bit more to it.  I found that for almost the first 100 turns I didn't even bother with the diplomacy tab.  The other gripe, and it needs to be fixed as it is a pretty big bug in my opinion is the go to war / declare peace with monetary offerings.  Numerous times other dwarf factions would go to war with the undead only for the undead to offer a peace treaty with X gold payment.  Why of course I will take your money!  Only to follow 2 turns later by the dwarfs offering money for me to go back to war with the undead.  2 payments to remain as the status quo.  -Difficulty/Campaign map.  Granted I only played on normal, but I found the layout of the world map led me to only have to really deal with orcs in the south while everyone else fought for life up north, especially when Chaos came a'knockin'.  I think there could be some work there, or please speak up if maybe I just need to up the difficulty level.-Graphic glitches.  I did say the game ran like silk, but during loading screens and sometimes on the campaign map the screen would blank for a split second then return.  I enabled Vsync (I have a gsync monitor so I didn't think I needed to do this) and that seemed to remove the problem.-Heroes.  I have found that I just preferred them to be in my army instead of running around doing their hero thing.  It didn't affect me in the least, so there might be some updating needing to be done with that as well.-Capturing settlements.  I like the idea that dwarves can only take orc settlements and vice versa, and same goes for humans and vampires.  However, it does make it a royal pain in the♥♥♥♥♥when heading up north to fight, and never having a base to replenish the troops besides encamping.  I think this is just something that I have to get used to.OVERALL:I think the game is great, the best running for sure compared to the other recent releases from CA.  This is different from Attila and Rome, but for me that works and I actually prefer it.I highly recommend this game for the lore, fantasy and the beautiful battles.  With the future DLC options and patches I'm sure, this game will only get better.9/10-Ezekiel
lobo_simao	Recommended	184.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198032668407/	Picked dwarves cause they look awesome. Realized there's no cavalry. Click twice the times in a desperate attempt to make dwarves run faster. Accept that archers are totally out of my reach now.10/10 would totally provoke runner's knee to my dwarves again.P.D: The game is awesome, tries a lot of new stuff, which imo, is good for the TW saga. Most complaints come from people trying to play with their toaster and getting low fps. The optimization of this game is spot on. It's fun. It's epic. And the best thing: it's good from the begining and not after patches, dlcs, etc. Can't wait to see what this game could turn into with mods and dlcs.
Calcite- a.⍦	Recommended	51.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ochvadvilldu/	The DLC:s togheter costs more than the game...The game stutters for me (when on the map) and for many others (so it´s not only me) (no difference on ultra or low, still stuttering) and that makes it unplayable. (i´ve tried everything that the support or others with this problem said would work but nothing´ve helped)Take away these problems and it gets a 9/10.
CaptainBaseballBatBoy	Recommended	373.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198006633159/	Runs really smooth on my 660ti at high settings. Load times are less than Attila and end of turn times are about five times quicker. If you like Total War and want a fantasy setting, this is a great game. If you're a Warhammer fan and don't care for total war, it's simpler than the other games with more focus on battles than campaign map strategy.
[T40-1] Mike Pence	Recommended	109.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ACika011/	8/10Pros:+Great graphics+Interesting factions and units+Great customization of characters+New features (underground movement, quest battles)+Magic adds another dimension to the battle and can turn the tide also its really cool+Sieges are hard and challenging+Monsters+Mod supportCons:-only 4 factions (5 if you include the dlc faction)-a few glitches but nothing a few patches could fixOverall a great game i would strongly recommend. CA really hit it outta the ballpark with this one.
BlooWahFull	Recommended	40.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/BlooWahFull/	It feels weird to be playing a current-gen Total War game that doesn't have severe performance issues.
Kenai	Recommended	1.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/gk0225/	Wow.. The introduction gives me real chills!I cant wait to play it right now!
Salty	Recommended	125.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198062231838/	Doom divers 10/10
SnappyFerguson	Recommended	34.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/snappyferguson/	UPDATE: There's blood DLC now. Unlike other Total War launches, this one worked perfectly on day one for me with no issues.It's Total War and Warhammer, they're two peas in a pod. Even if you have zero knowledge about Warhammer, this game does a good job at giving you the information you need to know what's going on in the Warhammer universe. Now I just need some blood and I'll be completely satisfied.
divinepurity	Recommended	309.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/dpsru/	Fantasy magic and monsters in a total war game with good backround lore due to warhammer being used as the vehicle. It's everything I hoped for and more. Very beautiful and cinematic.
Brahson	Recommended	149.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198026090280/	Verdict: at least its not like Rome 2 at launch6/10 (note: score will likely be much better with patches)Pro:- A stable total war game with a huge new map- The available factions have unique looks and mechanics to their gameplay- Customize your main guys (lords/heroes) through skilltreesCon:- ♥♥♥♥♥♥ strategic map gameplay (play whackamole with armies, enemy agent spam)- Balance issues (1 non legendary lord can solo 3 regiments, enemy agents too hard to get rid of)- Limited in what you can conquer as each faction- Buggy camera during sieges 
HeggyHelk	Recommended	149.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/tristenislaw/	The game runs well and is well optimized. I have no framerate issues nor any issues with bugs so far. I've been waiting for this game for years, and CA definitely delivered. 10/10
Trojan	Recommended	206.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/shahed/	Actually impressed me, I haven't crashed once and can honestly say I haven't even seen a bug. Optimized pretty well too, just turn off shadows.
Ezekiel	Recommended	277.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197998340444/	Only have played the campaign and a couple custom battles.  I have to say that the game runs great so far (caveat of only playing a few hours so far) and it really gets you into the warhammer universe.  I will post more as I get farther along, but as of right now I recommend this game.EDIT:After playing through a full campaign on Normal with the Dwarves, I can say I am really digging this game, especially compared to the previous outings, again my opinion.PROS:-Game runs great, I have a relatively new gaming laptop, and I have the settings maxed out.  I had the same settings for Attila as well as Rome II, and this game smokes it in terms of performance.  Having 4 armies on screen duking it out, Dwarves vs Orks is something to behold.-I like what they did with the sieges.  It was a bit confusing at first as I didn't read all the previews for this game, so not seeing city battles was a surprise but I think this works well.-Lore.  I used to play the old warhammer RTS games back in the day, and this brings it right back but even more.  If you are a fan of this universe or just fantasy in general I think you'll be hard pressed to find a better Fantasy big battle RTS game.-Races.  I will caveat that I have only played the campaign for the dwarves, but just the differences between all the races is refreshing.  It really makes you rethink strategy and how to make your race work for you.-Battles.  Some say the tactical battles are dumbed down, in terms of setting formations etc. but I think with the addition of magic and the wide variety of units it just makes it that much more complex and it just means you might spend a bit more time setting up your deployment.CONS:-Diplomacy.  Right now in its current form it is pretty underutilized.  I understand that Dwarves and Orks won't ever ally but at least when working with the humans or other dwarf factions there could be a bit more to it.  I found that for almost the first 100 turns I didn't even bother with the diplomacy tab.  The other gripe, and it needs to be fixed as it is a pretty big bug in my opinion is the go to war / declare peace with monetary offerings.  Numerous times other dwarf factions would go to war with the undead only for the undead to offer a peace treaty with X gold payment.  Why of course I will take your money!  Only to follow 2 turns later by the dwarfs offering money for me to go back to war with the undead.  2 payments to remain as the status quo.  -Difficulty/Campaign map.  Granted I only played on normal, but I found the layout of the world map led me to only have to really deal with orcs in the south while everyone else fought for life up north, especially when Chaos came a'knockin'.  I think there could be some work there, or please speak up if maybe I just need to up the difficulty level.-Graphic glitches.  I did say the game ran like silk, but during loading screens and sometimes on the campaign map the screen would blank for a split second then return.  I enabled Vsync (I have a gsync monitor so I didn't think I needed to do this) and that seemed to remove the problem.-Heroes.  I have found that I just preferred them to be in my army instead of running around doing their hero thing.  It didn't affect me in the least, so there might be some updating needing to be done with that as well.-Capturing settlements.  I like the idea that dwarves can only take orc settlements and vice versa, and same goes for humans and vampires.  However, it does make it a royal pain in the♥♥♥♥♥when heading up north to fight, and never having a base to replenish the troops besides encamping.  I think this is just something that I have to get used to.OVERALL:I think the game is great, the best running for sure compared to the other recent releases from CA.  This is different from Attila and Rome, but for me that works and I actually prefer it.I highly recommend this game for the lore, fantasy and the beautiful battles.  With the future DLC options and patches I'm sure, this game will only get better.9/10-Ezekiel
lobo_simao	Recommended	184.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198032668407/	Picked dwarves cause they look awesome. Realized there's no cavalry. Click twice the times in a desperate attempt to make dwarves run faster. Accept that archers are totally out of my reach now.10/10 would totally provoke runner's knee to my dwarves again.P.D: The game is awesome, tries a lot of new stuff, which imo, is good for the TW saga. Most complaints come from people trying to play with their toaster and getting low fps. The optimization of this game is spot on. It's fun. It's epic. And the best thing: it's good from the begining and not after patches, dlcs, etc. Can't wait to see what this game could turn into with mods and dlcs.
spoons	Recommended	119.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197970624505/	Best Total War game to date...love the setting at the atmosphere :-)
Zettai Ryouiki	Recommended	450.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197995114672/	Since some people feel that the user review section is the equivalent to a mindless dislike button, I guess I will throw in my 2 cents and give it a like for now.(will write my complete thoughts after playing the game_.
<*>Alex The Martyr	Recommended	17.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197966595077/	Feelings I have not felt since Warcraft II came flooding back to me. Truely a classic.
handsofdoom212	Recommended	18.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197977646410/	No prior Total War experience, much reading, great fighting!
Nevnobody	Recommended	267.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198006493115/	Not much of a reviewer but I'd have to say this game is pretty top notch. It'll be even better once they flesh it out with new races and campaigns.
Drunkledore	Recommended	346.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198128103220/	This is by far the best total war games I have seen and played. Before this I've played Empire, Napoleon, Rome2, and Atilla, but TW:Warhammer is beats all of these. First of all the campaign is a lot more challenging, its not that once you become the top dog you can steam roll everything, its not that everybody has almost the same units throughout their army, the buidling, tech, and diplomacy systems have also been overhauled and are a lot cleaner and streamlined. I would recommend this game to anyone who loves TW, who wants to play a solid strategy game, or ofc those into Warhammer
AMN3S1A	Recommended	86.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/420pharma/	10/10
shill9	Recommended	18.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/sahill1971/	It has been years since a game has grabbed be so ruthlessly and just won't let go. Loving it...send me DLCs... my $ are yours!
UK-Pinky ®™	Recommended	109.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198002636796/	I want to tell you a story.  A story of a great Empire that spanned many settlements and forts, all united under one banner and quelled the petty squabbling of lesser nobles. Marching under this one banner they led mighty charges against the Orkish hordes, but there numbers were endless. Running low on money and reserves as the war had been at a stalemate for many many moons.... at this bleakest point a message was delivered to our lord. Chaos had arrived, we had heard rumblings of these hordes grouping in the Northern wastes. But that was many months ago now. Then like a blackness in the dead of night, chaos descended on the Empire. Towns  and settlements fell  along with armies of highly trained troops. Messages from Nule of rebellions. Even more disturbing was the fact that no orks had been seen in a  few weeks. At last reports came though of the war in the south... Chaos was there too... It had consumed almost every nation and all that was left were the brave men of the empire, holding the line against a foe that would not yield or relent. The war continues.... for now....This game is so much fun. I have played the single player campaign now quite a few times as the different races and i can honestly say its the best experiance i have ever had with a total war game !
para bellum	Recommended	222.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198047578400/	Best Total war game in a long time.
dan	Recommended	209.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197976828176/	I don't usually review games but I'm a huge total war fan and over the past years have become increasingly dissapointed/angry at the release of buggy and unimaginative games. Total War Warhammer is amazing. Improved AI, great graphics, hugely different factions with unique playstyles...the game now actually does what it says on the box. Def worth a buy.
Martyn	Recommended	56.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197999784206/	There are a lot of unit types that make learning to play the end-game challenging. However, I think this is much better than the previous two releases. I'm looking forward to what the modding community comes up with. (Lord of the Rings?)EDIT: I have an issue with the way Heroes behave on the campaign map. It is so bad that I'm actually looking forward to a mod that removes them entirely. An enemy with only one or two provinces may field 4 or more of these heroes and they can break down your army, lower your public order, and spread corruption. The AI outlevels you with these heroes immediately so they serve only to slow you down. I really am having fun playing Co-Op with my friend, but the heroes need some work.
Kurgon999	Recommended	196.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kurgon999/	I have always been a fan of Total War, but the fantasy aspect that this game has puts it over the top. Not to mention that they seem to have fully finished the game before selling it (unlike Rome 2). The game is amazing, and fun, and playable as of day 1.I feel like their is something lacking in the variety of units and factions compared to the historical games, but the addition of flying units, magic, and monsters makes up for it. Not to mention that this is the first of a triliogy that will all bolt together to make one huge awesome game. Very Very Well Done CA! I look forward to throwing more more at you in the future.
Donovan FireHammer	Recommended	287.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198113058673/	Brutal!
[T40-1] Mike Pence	Recommended	109.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ACika011/	8/10Pros:+Great graphics+Interesting factions and units+Great customization of characters+New features (underground movement, quest battles)+Magic adds another dimension to the battle and can turn the tide also its really cool+Sieges are hard and challenging+Monsters+Mod supportCons:-only 4 factions (5 if you include the dlc faction)-a few glitches but nothing a few patches could fixOverall a great game i would strongly recommend. CA really hit it outta the ballpark with this one.
BlooWahFull	Recommended	40.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/BlooWahFull/	It feels weird to be playing a current-gen Total War game that doesn't have severe performance issues.
Kenai	Recommended	1.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/gk0225/	Wow.. The introduction gives me real chills!I cant wait to play it right now!
Hibernia	Recommended	99.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Hibernia240/	Absolutely love it. I've played every single Total War game since the beginning and this is by far my favorite.They fixed the leader and skill trees so now it actually matters.They allowed agents IN battles, not to mention various upgrades for every general/agent in your army.Graphics are great, game is challenging. I'm addicted.
Heisenberg	Recommended	115.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198294957962/	can't wait to play this game tonight
Katharu	Recommended	74.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/katharu/	I dont usually post reviews but its a disgrace how the best total war game in ages gets released... and some people get really emotionally challenged about very minor launch issues (which can be fixed in literally two clicks). This game deserve much better user reviews.The game runs actually REALLY well (my rig can barely handle rome 2, lets not talk about attila please...), crashfree, looks beautiful and the gameplay is a blast. AI is pretty decent (they attack in formation, flank with cavalry, skrimish properly). The units and factions are just awesome fun and it is also quite challenging but fair (playing on hard).Ther ya go, now zog off ye gits cuz i gotta do sum propa skull splittinWAAAGH!
TRU	Recommended	146.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TruSmoke/	First off, I just wanna say: THANK YOU! If you've played Total War games then you know that between each and every turn you're stuck sitting, not playing(having fun), and forced to wait while the 1,000 other AI factions move around the campaign map 1 by 1(SSD made NO difference for loading AI movement between turns). NO MORE! Now each turn isn't slowed to a crawl for 2 mins as the different AI factions move about. It's sooooo much faster, much more pleasant to hit "End Turn" and is just SO welcome.So I've been playing Total War: Warhammer since it released on the 24th of May and I have to say that it's very, very good. Probably the best Total War game to come out since Shogun(but I'm a fan and long time player of all in the Total War series). And it also runs pretty good on my system at Ultra preset graphic settings-- something you can't say has happened very often with Creative Assembly and their Total War games. Most Total War games start off poorly optimized, balancing issues, poor performance, and with the occassional bug or glitch. Total War: Warhammer has been fantastic, literally from the get-go, which is awesome! They've made improvements to the campaign map and it's become much more efficient to manage and build out cities & provinces. Additionally, the units in this game are diverse and fun to use. Just like previous Total War games each unit has direct strengths and counters in which it's best to place/fight them where they are most efficient. If you have played earlier Total War games, Total War: Warhammer does a few things simpler than you might expect. Rather than setting precise levels of taxation it's now an on/off toggle for each province, and thanks to a short timescale there's no worrying about rulers getting old, or armies suffering attrition every winter.They also added a new 'hero' system which are strong and powerful single-unit entities to make battles even more fun to manage and kick♥♥♥♥♥ You can move a hero(s) right into the middle of a large-scale battle and watch it devastate and take out entire regiments with brute force or magic spells.There are many other changes that I haven't mentioned which I think make the game that much more refined and enjoyable w/clear-cut quests as well as objectives and goals. And if you pre-ordered or purchase within the first week of release you'll get access to a 5th unique playable race: Warriors of Chaos. The other races consist of The Empire(humans), Dwarfs, Greenskins, and Vampire Counts. Each race has it's own campaign to play as well as each having unique units, strategies, heroes, and structures(building chains).  I have Total War: Warhammer running on:i5 2500k @ 4.5GHzGTX 780 SC (have SLI but not currently supported)16GB RAM DDR4SSD (This is a must! Loading times, of which there are many, are painfully long to sit through without)Ultra Settings and I'm able to get steady ~50-60fps. Bigger, multi-army battles and this drops to the ~30's.All in all, I applaud Creative Assembly for Total War: Warhammer. Well done! It's a fantastic game so far.
Jin3581	Recommended	469.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198131974957/	I will kill my family, to raise more zombies in my army.. Thats how good it is!!
lbthegreat	Recommended	113.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/lbthegreat/	I'm a fairly jaded Total War fan. I love the series a lot, but I've been fairly disappointed with everything since Medieval II. Yes, even Shogun 2 which everyone seems to be talking about as the last great game in the franchise. I thought it was really uninteresting to play. I'm also a big Warhammer fan, who has been largely underwhelmed with modern video game adaptations such as they are. I nearly didn't pre-order Total Warhammer.I'm glad I did, it is in my opinion the (equal) best Total War game to date, matching the originals inventiveness and experimental nature. I love it.My PC is not good. I have a good graphics card but my CPU is five years old and is rubbish. I can still play Total Warhammer on the recommended settings with a better framerate than I've had in a TW game in five years. I've had no technical issues whtsoever, no crashes or freezes or slowdowns or anything.The graphics are fantastic. The Warhammer World has never looked so good, and it looks good even with the settings set fairly low. I do have some criticisms of some design elements, combat animations are a bit less interesting than previous games but honestly I'd rather that get patched in later and have the dev team focus on delivering a stable game first which is what seems to have happened.Gameplay is excellent. Each race (I've only played Vampire Counts, Empire and Dwarfs so far, no Orcs or Chaoss) has a distinct play style that actually works, and each unit type seems to have a value when you use it properly. I tended to end up with cookie cutter armies in most previous installments but I find myself building widely variant armies in this installment, and having success with them.The campaign map and city building elements are familiar with no major innovations I think but its well executed and easy to use.AI seems much improved. Skealing and Varg races in particular were downright cunning, sending armies right down the coast to raid my souther cities while harassing me in the north. Unlike in previous games there was actually a patchwork of AI powers that formed a fairly stable bloc of nations to the south rather than being dominated by one race (though the very south ended up being controlled by teh dwarfs after they successfully destroyed all the orc tribes). Diplomacy is MUCH better, I actually started getting offers of peace and trade from AI at sensible times intead of waiting until I was besieging their final city to sue for peace. Sometimes a war would end as soon as it would begin because I'd come to an allies aid and the aggressor would throw money at me. Battle AI seems improved too, with all the races using tactics suited to their unit roster. Battles have been challenging without being unbalanced for the difficulty level.I don't feel only having four or five playable factions at the start is a negative, not when each plays so differently. Having said that I am looking forward to getting more factions to play, especially Elves. Dark and Wood Elves would offer possibility for some really novel ways of shaking up the faction dynamic. Wood Elves expanding into forest rather than settlements, Dark Elves operating from Black Arks along the coast rather than traditional settlements and so forth. Maybe they won't go down that path but its fun to speculate.I do have a few minor general criticisms:-The Skaeling and Varg seem to be far too powerful early on. I've yet to see Kislev hold onto more than one settlement by turn 50, they get slaughtered by the Norsca tribes and then WoC come and finish them off. Having that happen sometimes is fine, having Kisleb be destroyed every time not so much. They just serve as a speedbump for Chaos.-Where are the women? Seriously. Kislev is ruled by a woman and they couldn't even muster the resources to put her in game? Same for the Elector Countess of Nuln, I saw several of the other Elector Counts like Marius Leitdorf but the woman gets left out? The Empire has never been as sexist as the history on which it is based, its had empresses before and women electors and city rulers are not unusual. There are even female knights in the novels, and female wizards have been present in the lore since forever as well, all absent from the game.It gets even worse with Vampire Counts, where they have portraits and in game models for female vampires but limit them only to heroes when WFB has had female vampire lords for DECADES. I'm not talking Neferata either but von Carsteins and others. The Lahmians have a whole shadow empire going on AND have led forces into battle in some of the novels but again, completely absent from the game. I'm a guy, this isn't some political issue, this is accuracy to the source material being ignored, its frustrating. If I'm negotiating with Kislev I want to see the damned Queen of Kislev ok, not just hear about her from an NPC.Dwarven queens leading armies into battle is canon too, just saying. You can't cite historical accuracy this time CA, you're messing up the source material out of laziness. I swear if Alarielle isn't a legendary lord for High Elves I will be furious.-A bit more variety in town design on the campaign map would be nice. Like I said these are not huge issues, but Altdorf looks basically the same as Middenheim which looks the same as Talabheim etc. Or if there are differences they are so minor I missed them.Anyway, minor complaints aside this is an AMAZING game, 9/10, best Total War game since the original.
DoTheMath	Recommended	41.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/do-the-math/	Tried downloading gameTook one hourTold me about driver updatesSpend an hour looking for driver updatesFind out all my drivers are updatedStart gameGame crashesStart game againWait another hour to startGame crashesStart game againStart a battleGame crashesCant start again because I had to leaveCome back, start a campaignGame crashesRating: 13 hours/ out of 10 crashesWould crash again
Reef	Recommended	44.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/reefta/	Begun playing as the empire,more backstabbing than games of thrones5/7
^ ^	Recommended	19.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198007573827/	I think its cool. If only they would stop with the dlcs and put the stuff in free updates...I dont think the game is 60 ‎€ worth in its current stage.
JuanC	Recommended	95.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198045771952/	For me, this game is better than Atilla or Rome 2. Rome 2 at launch I really hated it and wanted to refund it and my expectations for upcoming CA games were low and I decided to give this game a chance and I don't regret buying it.I recommend this game, it's awesome
Adhenedhel	Recommended	60.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/adhenedhel/	The game iterates on the success formula of previous Total War games and integrates the Warhammer setting in a really good way. The game could use some more unit diversity in my opinion but I have yet to acquire any DLC and that may alleviate the issue somewhat.
Plátano Chapitano	Recommended	223.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197998411593/	Played some Germans, played some Elves, played some tentacle vikings. 10/10 didn't have to buy a single pot of paint.
cox15320	Not Recommended	48.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198140440480/	Total War: Warhammer makes the campaign gameplay feel like a casual game with no intricicy or difficulty.
mmurray821	Recommended	31.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mmurray821/	I was lukewarm at best about Warhammer.  I love the Total War games but was not really into this one.  After watching the gameplay and played the demo I warmed up to it and preordered.I am not disappointed.For those that are long time TW players the game will seem a bit restricting.  Only 4 races and with the regional race restrictions painting the map with your color will not happen.However, there is a deep strategic play with each race.  All feel unique and have their own style and goals.  CA took the time from having 12 factions with only a couple different units and all play about the same and made some really detailed factions and races instead.  The quest battles are a really nice touch (BTW you can teleport to the battle so you don't have to quest to Mt. Dhoom and back) and add some really nifty items to your heroes.Speaking of heroes, they are essential to the battles.  While you can win without them and they can die in the fight, they feel truly heroic while wading into the battle line or dropping a fireball on your enemies.  A close battle can easily be turned into a win with their proper use.The technology trees are unique between every race as well as how they are unlocked and what units can be made available.  It is a bit confusing at first, but CA put in a nice requirements feature where if you want a unit, click it and it will tell you what you need to gain access.  Once you play a race for a bit the technology tree becomes second nature.Lastly the huge/flying/unique units are awesome.  Watching a giant wade through a line of dwarfs and sending them flying while your hero unit comes to the rescue really make this feel like an epic fantasy game.  I usually don’t zoom in close to see the action as I’m more being a general and managing the battle, but for those units I always do.Warhammer is a deep game and with upcoming additions it will be huge.  The map is already a little daunting as it is a pretty good size and with more content coming it may get to the point where you will not even get to the other side of it with your empire during a game.Great game and highly recommended.   
Lamerak	Recommended	53.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/destructor_rph/	One of the best Total War launches and games to date, still has some crashing issues it needs to work out
Henricus	Recommended	68.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/HenricusIvanovich/	Tried the game. Runs perfectly at all times and the gameplay is just stunning. All these bad reviews coming from people who are still using Win 98 computers are just pathetic. I strongly recommend the game.
s3eeed	Recommended	195.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198186079095/	This game is a must for every total war fan.i started playing this game and i got so hooked up i didnt feel the time at all i just played for 10 hours straight and had so much fun, i been waiting for this since the first day i heard about it and the wait was worth it. even though my computer is not great and i kind of have performance problems, but i am surely enjoying the game very much i almost like everything about it so id give it a good 9.5/10 from the hours i played and im sure i will be liking it more and play many many hours.WAAAAAAAAAAAAGH!!!!!!!!Edit : i would like to add here for all the people that are mad about the DLC's stuff, for me i will buy the DLC's that i like because i know that the people who made the game didnt make this DLC SH** and when they release a dlc for a race or anything it is pretty deep and awesome, and that is exactly what i am looking for something worth my time and money !!!
Cluster Charge Deployed	Recommended	53.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/taihou_chan/	Tries to just play a couple of hours at night and realize that it is already past sun rise time...
Coupec	Recommended	56.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Coupec/	Always been a TotalWar fan, when I found out they were jumping into Warhammer it was like a dream come ture! Only thing I feel lets this game down is the DLC price and how many there have been. I feel like I bought a half finished game and that I had to spend more to get the finished product..... Otherwise very good and I like the fact we are ganna be able to carry all the content over too the next game. Would recommend if bought on sale with DLC.
QuantumJolt	Recommended	365.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198075326263/	Total War Warhammer is an all round great game, but it does have a flaw that prevents it from being a hands down masterpiece. Now even with this flaw I still highly reccomend this game to any fan of dark fantasies and Total War games or RTS's in general.Reasons why you should get this game Include:- A vast amount of rich and interesting lore behind the factions, their characters, individual units and locations to delve into. Warhammer has been around for ages and is an established fantasy IP and with good reason. You'll enjoy the game 100 times more if you learn about all the rivalries and history of the world.- 9 totally unique races/factions to choose from, including ulta violent orcs to manipulative and evil vampire counts. Each faction/race has its individual starting legebdary lords or entirely seperate sub-faction (For example there are the vampire counts and the Von Carsteins who share the same roster but have different starting locations and faction effects)- Every faction/race has their own unique roster, unlike Total War's historic titles no units are reused like spearmen or armored swordsman were where the only difference was a color change, accent and maybe slightly altered stats. Even when two factions have spearmen like the Empire and Brettonia, the spearmen have different models and stats. This makes every unit unique and not like a copy paste- Short battles is a common complaint seen in the reviews of this game. I would say this is a good thing. For instance the reason battles were longer in older titles, for example Medieval 2, is that units were very sturdy and could eat arrow volly after volly and not only that but the animations were slower. This often resulted in periods of battles where all you would do is fast forward because you didn't wanna stare at a slow melee grind for 5 minutes. In more recent titles like Shogun 2 and Warhammer the animations are fluid and quick and units take punishment like they should, thus resulting in quicker battles.Now for the biggest and in my opinion only set back for the game, the price tag.Unfortunatly you sort of need all the dlc to be able to enjoy this game at its fullest. Unfortunatly again, its 60 bucks standard price and with all its dlc you're looking at about 136 dollars, now i bought everything full price and i don't regret that, I think i got my moneys worth but do yourself and favor and pick it up during one of the major sales like the summer or winter sales.  
doinwork34	Recommended	2,370.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198006552532/	As long as your expecting a game that plays at a quicker pace then Rome 2 or Atilla than this game is great.  Its not so much about rebuilding an ancient empire, but about building armies, and destroying other factions. It feels more like a RTS game which is a nice and interesting chance of pace. Thanks to the fantasy world, many of the historical descrepensies in previous games are avoided and you can simply focus on playing an awsome game. CA seems to have stripped out all of the clutter type features that have been tried in previous games, and left only the solid and useable ones in tact. Not to mention some new features have been added which I thought I was not going to like, but as long as you keep the theme of RTS in your mind, it makes sense. (Ill let you guys figure the new features out) This game plays similar to Shogun 2; it feels like CA went back to basics to give a game that is packed with immersive gameplay. There seems to be far fewer bugs on this release which is a plus.  Also, while the diplomacy at times can feel like everyone wants to be your friend (something that can easily be fixed) I have found that as soon as I get complacent I will be attacked by a faction that has hordes of armies, and it is definately a challenege, and the AI seems to be more coherent using all means at their disposal.  The game is not perfect, but its definately a vast improvement over older titles.
408451282	Recommended	1,214.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198196822233/	Enough ♥♥♥♥ing chinese complaining about localisation, what's ♥♥♥♥ing wrong about them?
Franku Senpai	Recommended	23.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198198632698/	If I had like 100 nibbas  I would conquer the whole world no-one stand a chance against my nibba army ♥♥♥♥  Gandalf beard dwarves, i want ma mum humans , brainless orcs , blood drunkard  undeads , pedophile beastmen and night elves fakkboys
DaWuf	Recommended	36.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ItsTheWuf/	good game pricey dlc.
mathnut01	Recommended	480.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198368847241/	awesome if into fantasy or rts siege battles are worse than previous games but factions are what make it worth it
MinasLas	Recommended	170.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198059392574/	Finally after countless games I found one to keep me playing for more than a week.You can play it again and again (lots of factions and possible "routes" to choose) and still enjoy it like the very first time you played it.Must buy for sure ;)
[EK]Beny	Not Recommended	27.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198062315472/	The game is good but the dlc contet is a ♥♥♥♥ing scam.
Cayden Black	Recommended	958.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/gaisun/	Now I have to admit, i've been a Total War fan since Rome 1, but the last few titles had issues for me.Not so with Warhammer. Though I find the inability to claim all territories irritating, the fact mods allow me to from day 1 as well as co-op racing with friends is a big plus for me.Gameplay wise, it's a beautiful game. I have to run on low spec due to an older system, but it still looks great. I love the Vampire Counts and, yes, if you build your province right you can field a massive host (I'm about to do battle with 3 terrorgheist!). I had no issue on start up, always a plus there, and the races feel unique which I love.In short, if your a fan of warhammer hit this up and enjoy the power of magic! (which is amazing to be honest), if not a fantasy fan, at least try it, you may be surprised.
Shackster	Recommended	377.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/GodEmperorShack/	Da boyz fink dis iz a gud shiny we does, da warboss finks the bretonnies needs needs some bigga choppas or nastier magicz dey do. Da stunites needs dem a gud nerf dey does, dey always be beating da boyz in auto-resolve dey does. Da hummies are a gud ol fight and a great way to start a WAAAAAGH they iz!!!! Da betta boyz cost alot of shinyz but dey iz gud, especially da krimson killers!!! Dem chaos gits can zog off back to der wasty landz. we finks Gork n' mork would give a solid 9/10 shinyz
CHG	Recommended	119.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198038826667/	I don't know how to write a good review so I wont. I like it and recommend it for fans of both TW and Warhammer. :)
Skinkedude22	Recommended	245.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198010045859/	As all CA total war games it need just a week or two to patch some few things but i had great fun with so far and more to come. if you are total war fan get it. are you Warhammer fan? well get it.NB! only get it if you think you want it :)
XBloodyfurballX	Recommended	263.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/lololoolololololololol/	This game is awesome, it runs smooth and has alot of depth to it with every race having different units and powers. its a solid total war and it's the standard all the total war games should be at, all the negetive reviews are just people trying to play on ♥♥♥♥♥♥ laptops or computers but if u have a gaming computer u will be fine all in all im enjoying this game alot.
Bowroth	Recommended	670.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198216781311/	Epic game
Ninjahund	Recommended	2,731.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197999752188/	Optimized great, runs well, good gameplay with nice diversity between factions. Still some common AI bugs from the series and what not, but overall a great step up from the other games.
Phixler	Not Recommended	225.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197997917067/	Cool game but sucks it costs $60 and then you have to buy tons of the content. Should be a bundle especially since 2 is out. Do not recommend for this price, you should wait until it's all a bundle and alot cheaper.
The Guardian	Not Recommended	0.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/grimlock047/	https://www.lifehacker.com.au/2018/06/red-shell-spyware-tracks-you-from-your-games/ 
Jurrilicious	Not Recommended	21.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Jurrilicious/	You can buy the game for a few (in my opinion boring) factions. and after that you have to buy very cool faction with dlc's. Wood Elves and Beastmen cost 17,49€ each. and when on sale, 8,74€. Im not going to pay that much only for one faction. i think you'd be better off playing other total war games like Shogun 2 or Rome 2
Atan	Recommended	441.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198008965928/	By far the best fantasy warfare simulation ever made
SirThursday	Recommended	50.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198038623398/	Right so this game is amazing, great mechanics, awesome satisfying spells, Beautiful massive battles. But a lot of those machanics you have to research online to have idea how to play the game properly so it's a game you have to work with rather then something thats easily accessible to a new player. And well there's the issue with the dlc in my opinion it's actually quite fair the price they offer because it's an entire new race with all new maps, play style heroes,etc. I give it 8/10 its 12$ on humble bundle right now go grab it there.Edit. BLOOD FOR THE BLOOD GOD
Moopy	Recommended	278.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197995324240/	I've been a long time fan of the TW franchise, but wasn't enthused about Rome2, and I didn'tplay Attila. However, TW:W had made an incredible leap forward with it's engine, story telling, and presentation. I love the difference between the races. Till now, factions were pretty much texture swaps with a few units getting bonuses and possibly a limited amount of unique units (that looked a lot like other units). Now we have different models, different animations, different army structures, different economies, different play styles. Completely unique units, the addition of spells and flying creatures shake up how we used to think about fighting in this game. There's lots of game play additons here as well. AI that will actually keep their word and have different temperments. Massive amounts of personalization for your characters- abilies, equipment, and followers; you can change your equipments around and gift it to other heros or generals. Heros can now take part in battles.  The leveling system is a lot more incrimental giving you more choices. Your main faction leader has individual quests that unlock incredible items. CA also did a great job of sticking to the Games Workshop IP of the old world. It "feels" like Warhammer. Over all huge thumbs up. More to do, more (and different) ways to do it, and a metric ton of replayability.
Malekith	Recommended	48.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198076227612/	Finally! The Old World comes to fruition. I have read all the Old World novels from the "Time of Legends" to the Nagash stories, fantastic books and collectors items."Come Dawi! For there are grudges to settle!" Love the Dwarves, always have. They have beautifully rendered these stalwart champions. The battle are epic and enormous in scale. Every piece of this game breathes Warhammer.My only complaint was not adding the Druchii. The Dark Elves are a huge part of the Old World and Malekith is a beast, who needs to be brought into this game. I won't knock a star off for it yet because I'm hoping this will come in DLC.5 star game, highly recommend to anyone  who loves Warhammer, The Old World, and Total War.
[RIP] Mr.Nixon	Not Recommended	98.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198150793511/	The base game is pretty decent, but again the DLC policy is terrible.
Blu_Lights	Recommended	179.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/bludallas/	For the first time in a long time the battles actually feel weighted, which is a good thing I am currently playing as the Dwarves and I feel like the Lore has been fleshed out very well, you really feel immersed in the kingdom you are branching out. I do recommend this game for fans of RTS, as well as warhammer fans.I have not come across any bugs in my very short playthrough so far. My set up is i5 4670k, 16gbs DDR3 ram clocked at 1866, MSI 970 I am getting a steady 55-60 fps 55 when the magic fields are heavy in my regions. I will post a more in depth review after more hours of gameplay.
Dolor	Recommended	329.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198040401422/	Total War: Warhammer is a turn-based strategy game with real-time tactical battles set in the Warhammer Fantasy Battles universe.What is Great about this game:- The real-time tactical battles are beautiful and terribly satisfying to play while the "one-more-turn" compulsion of the turn-based strategic game is as strong as in any Total War game in recent memory- Giving the units more active abilities (while slightly micro-heavy) makes the tactical battles much more engrossing and compelling.  There is more a sense of you needing to be there to act rather than just watching the armies fight each other- The new customization and upgrade options for your lords and heroes add an almost RPG-like element to the game that is fantastic- Heroes (Agents from previous Total War games) can now integrate into your army and fight as a unit alongside your regular army- The fantasy Warhammer setting allows for the developers to free themselves somewhat from the binds of historical fact- The Steam workshop modding support provides key customization options to make the game play as you want it to without issue- The Warhammer universe is an excellent backdrop for a Total War game, and they come together brilliantly- The game was so impactful on me that I went out and bought my first GW miniature (Mannfred Von Carstein)What is Good about this game:- There is a game that the developers could make derived from this game where you build up a party of only (a few) heroes and go through the country-side taking on and defeating standard Total War (20+ unit) armies.  I would buy that game and play a lot of that game.  That isn't really important to the review of this game except to say that that is how good the new lord and hero RPG elements are- Good use of Steam features including cloud saves, trading cards, etcWhat could be improved in this game:- The new hero and lord abilities - while great - can be a little micro-management heavy as you will spend a significant time in the battles - especially in large battles - just searching for the next hero/lord ability to pop.  If a few more of them had been passive abilities - especially for heavy magic users - that probably wouldn't have been a terrible thing- The city management options are quite sparse and relatively uninteresting.  Other than a main couple of core provinces that produce units, most of your additional cities will upgrade almost identically- I don't like the mixture of fantasy units and gunpowder unitsConclusion:At this point, I think that Steam workshop support for Total War games is almost a requirement - not because the games are bad by themselves, but because such effortless modding gives these games entirely new life and the freedom to play them as you wish, so this review takes that reality into account.I am honestly shocked by so many bad reviews for this game.  This is one of the exceedingly rare times when I think the professional reviewers were more accurate than the gaming public.  The game isn't perfect by itself, but any modest tweaks to the game can be made via the copious mods available in the workshop, so unless you just can't stand a fantasy setting for a Total War game, this is clearly one of the best playing Total War games in years.  Moreover, its innovation in the RPG-like lord and hero skill upgrade paths to me feels like an essential innovation for all future Total War games.10.0 / 10.0
Ruin3d	Recommended	19.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198004071356/	Product received for free
Blazer9er	Recommended	106.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197992847087/	DISCLAIMER: Let me start off by saying that I updated my rig earlier this year for Fallout 4 and the Witcher 3 releases (both of which I play on max settings at 60FPS+) and this game runs just fine. 5h in, no crash, no bug, no BS. People who are complaining of having issues running it or constant crashes need to update their GTX 200 series and their Pentium 2s. Read the specs first and either spend cash on your rig or get a PS4 and stop wasting everyone's time with your sad sob stories. Oh and update your graphic drivers duhh.Now enough with the bad rig bashing...so far the game:+Great graphics+Fun gameplay and easy to get into+I played Rome II less than 3h (then left it running overnight) and uninstalled it. This is nothing like it.+Really feels like a Warhammer game. Its the fantasy world at its best.+Great representation of armies and units from the original game.Sure it might need a bit of tweaking and patches will fix things we poke holes through but it's a fun game and worth your time and money if you're a fan off Warhammer and the Total War series (Rome II excluded like me), then pick it up. Worst case scenario - return it for a refund.Screw Rome II.
Chris Hansen	Recommended	41.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Greggles44/	One of the best games I have ever played. I have an older PC and it runs beautifully. Especially after hotfix.
Tbone69	Recommended	87.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197960409649/	I have only played a few minutes and already have experienced some wonderful introductions to Warhammer Lore.  This is a very well done hybrid of Total War combined with the Warhammer genre.  I can sincerely say that the old guard of Total war gaming will find this game comfortably familar while at the same time Fantasy RPG elements are added without hindering the experience. In all honesty, I have read through all the negative reviews.  One must approach these things objectively.  After first installation and running...I experienced a black screen....for about 45 seconds...then heard the thump of war drums.  My heart started beating as my knuckles whitened....would I fall on my own blade as others had and succumb to the anxiety of "Failure"....but before I crossed over the river Styx...the loading screen grasped at my hand and lead me across. Not a single hiccup after that.  The negative reviews so far are not warranted.  I have not seen any that offer objective criticisms of the game.  My fellow warriors.  Patience is key....make sure all drivers are updated....let the game load and let it do it's thing.  I am sure some will have legitimate issues...that is the nature of game development and with such a wide variety of hardware, issues will happen.  Take note....most if not all of the modders and youtubers who bring us joy and info on have already had the game.  Many issues will be ironed out very quickly, but at this time, I am not experiencing any.I am older gamer....have played every single Total War game and was a little bummed by Rome 2 as many were.  It ran fine on my system and Atilla did as well, but I felt like they missed something. I am excited to see if this game fills that void.  I think they are off to a good start.Older gamer....older system...:)Geforce GTX 1060i7-2600k @ 3.40mhz8 gigs RamWindows 10***Update***Ok, at first I had issues with certain things that kept me from enjoying the game fully.  I still don't like the cartoony banners and sometimes the color pallate can be a little "bright", but I realize that I am nit-picking.  I held off for a while before buying the DLC's.  A couple were pretty effing expensive...but I admit...I have accumulated them all.  I feel like I had to pay upwards of $100 for this game and to be honest...as pricey as it was..the game has grown on me.First off, the Bretonnia Free LC actually spurred me on to buy the others.  For free LC it was pretty damn good and added a lot of content.  The Beastmen DLC wasn't worth the money and even though I got it on sale....I still feel like I paid too much, but I also picked up the Forest Elves DLC and frankly, I stopped worrying about the little stuff.  It was worth it.   In a time when developers nickel and dime us with DLC that in many cases doesn't offer much, I still hold the belief that Creative Assembly has provided me around 1000 hours of fun.  So up to this date, I have paid for every Total War game and all the DLC.  I feel like I have gotten quite of bit of value from it all and if helps provide future content, as long as majority is good, then in an odd way...I feel like I am investing in my future funfactor with total war games.At first, I wasn't into the Warhammer aspect of it, but after getting into the game more and also discovering that the next two intallments will be intertwined with this first one.  I admit, I am a little stoked.   It seems that Creative Assembly has different teams working on different projects and thats a good thing.  I am ready for a new historical game, but I am now glad that I stuck it out and am now enjoying TW:Warhammer.   If you are on the fence....go ahead and jump....you might like where you land!
Blaeys	Recommended	1,237.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197981061401/	I was worried because I wasnt sure CA would do well outside the confines of historical strategy in the TW format.  After playing just a few hours, I can say this game is probably going to be my favorite Total War game ever.  Even though a few elements were dumbed down (town management for example), the addition of so many other Warhammer elements more than makes up for it. The only downsides Ive noticed so far are the difficulty is much different than past games and magic is probably still a little too strong. Normal mode seems too easy, so if you are a TW veteran, you should consider starting and learning the game on hard difficulty.Despite that, I will say this game is a major home run - and it is a huge shame that people are posting reviews based on day one technical issues (which are just par for the course with PC games - sorry).  The truth is, if you could run Atilla or Rome 2, then this game should run like butter on your computer (it does on mine).If you are a fan of strategy games and/or fantasy settings, buy this game - buy it today. It's that simple.
ntk0011	Recommended	62.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198099455849/	The best total was ever!!!
Chris Hansen	Recommended	41.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Greggles44/	One of the best games I have ever played. I have an older PC and it runs beautifully. Especially after hotfix.
Tbone69	Recommended	87.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197960409649/	I have only played a few minutes and already have experienced some wonderful introductions to Warhammer Lore.  This is a very well done hybrid of Total War combined with the Warhammer genre.  I can sincerely say that the old guard of Total war gaming will find this game comfortably familar while at the same time Fantasy RPG elements are added without hindering the experience. In all honesty, I have read through all the negative reviews.  One must approach these things objectively.  After first installation and running...I experienced a black screen....for about 45 seconds...then heard the thump of war drums.  My heart started beating as my knuckles whitened....would I fall on my own blade as others had and succumb to the anxiety of "Failure"....but before I crossed over the river Styx...the loading screen grasped at my hand and lead me across. Not a single hiccup after that.  The negative reviews so far are not warranted.  I have not seen any that offer objective criticisms of the game.  My fellow warriors.  Patience is key....make sure all drivers are updated....let the game load and let it do it's thing.  I am sure some will have legitimate issues...that is the nature of game development and with such a wide variety of hardware, issues will happen.  Take note....most if not all of the modders and youtubers who bring us joy and info on have already had the game.  Many issues will be ironed out very quickly, but at this time, I am not experiencing any.I am older gamer....have played every single Total War game and was a little bummed by Rome 2 as many were.  It ran fine on my system and Atilla did as well, but I felt like they missed something. I am excited to see if this game fills that void.  I think they are off to a good start.Older gamer....older system...:)Geforce GTX 1060i7-2600k @ 3.40mhz8 gigs RamWindows 10***Update***Ok, at first I had issues with certain things that kept me from enjoying the game fully.  I still don't like the cartoony banners and sometimes the color pallate can be a little "bright", but I realize that I am nit-picking.  I held off for a while before buying the DLC's.  A couple were pretty effing expensive...but I admit...I have accumulated them all.  I feel like I had to pay upwards of $100 for this game and to be honest...as pricey as it was..the game has grown on me.First off, the Bretonnia Free LC actually spurred me on to buy the others.  For free LC it was pretty damn good and added a lot of content.  The Beastmen DLC wasn't worth the money and even though I got it on sale....I still feel like I paid too much, but I also picked up the Forest Elves DLC and frankly, I stopped worrying about the little stuff.  It was worth it.   In a time when developers nickel and dime us with DLC that in many cases doesn't offer much, I still hold the belief that Creative Assembly has provided me around 1000 hours of fun.  So up to this date, I have paid for every Total War game and all the DLC.  I feel like I have gotten quite of bit of value from it all and if helps provide future content, as long as majority is good, then in an odd way...I feel like I am investing in my future funfactor with total war games.At first, I wasn't into the Warhammer aspect of it, but after getting into the game more and also discovering that the next two intallments will be intertwined with this first one.  I admit, I am a little stoked.   It seems that Creative Assembly has different teams working on different projects and thats a good thing.  I am ready for a new historical game, but I am now glad that I stuck it out and am now enjoying TW:Warhammer.   If you are on the fence....go ahead and jump....you might like where you land!
Blaeys	Recommended	1,237.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197981061401/	I was worried because I wasnt sure CA would do well outside the confines of historical strategy in the TW format.  After playing just a few hours, I can say this game is probably going to be my favorite Total War game ever.  Even though a few elements were dumbed down (town management for example), the addition of so many other Warhammer elements more than makes up for it. The only downsides Ive noticed so far are the difficulty is much different than past games and magic is probably still a little too strong. Normal mode seems too easy, so if you are a TW veteran, you should consider starting and learning the game on hard difficulty.Despite that, I will say this game is a major home run - and it is a huge shame that people are posting reviews based on day one technical issues (which are just par for the course with PC games - sorry).  The truth is, if you could run Atilla or Rome 2, then this game should run like butter on your computer (it does on mine).If you are a fan of strategy games and/or fantasy settings, buy this game - buy it today. It's that simple.
Gragnit	Not Recommended	69.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198141600567/	Once upon a time, a very long time ago, I was walking through Debenhams, and saw some kids playing with models, they all looked like they were having so much fun. Rolling their dices and saying they'd lost so many troops, then removed some of the models. Upon closer inspection of them, they appeared to be models of small Elves, and some grotesque people. I was informed by one of the people there, that they were Orks and High Elves, and that they were having a battle between the two different armies. I went home thinking, I want to be a part of that.Years went by, spending an obscene amount of money on my Fantasy Warhammer/Warhammer 40K Armies. After which I gave up on them, as I couldn't afford the money and time to invest in my hobby.During that time, there had a been a few good Warhammer computer games, Shadow of the Horned Rat, and Dark Omen, but nothing that really took me back to golden age.But, I heard that CA were making a Warhammer game. I was so happy, I'd loved the original Shogun Total War games, due to their blend of turn based and real time strategy, if they could do it for my beloved Warhammer, all my dreams would come true.Seeing the slow trickle of screenshots, then videos, got me more and more excited. Then, it hit me, the whispers of DLC, more and more DLC. I thought to myself, it will be expensive but, still cheaper than my early years.So, I still invested in the game, hoping it was good. Knowing that the developer would hopefully do a good job.I've spent many happy hours on the game.But, it seems that other people have also now be watching how much fun I've been having.  Like some sort of Voyeur, a piece of spyware was put onto my copy of Total War: Warhammer, allowing my data to be forwarded onto advertisers.I never consented to this, and there has never been any opt out option to it. If the game had been free, but the condition was they would collect information on me, like so many websites/apps that are "Free" business model is. I may have been ok with it.But, the fact I've already paid so much money, then to steal, and it is stealing, as I never consented to this, my information.Surely this would breach some part of the GDPR legislation that was brought in?In any event, I won't be playing this game anymore, until its been confirmed that this Spyware has been removed.Shame on you guys at CA ruining my already gaming pleasure, for your greed.
Not the Face!	Recommended	525.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/NotTheFace/	First impressions: Stable in the way that CA hasn't been for some time. I've put in over 14 hours and almost have a completed campaign.Engines working just fine and the campaigns pretty fun. A bit less 4x then some of CAs other games but full of very diverse rosters.Bugs:Driver issue that just required update and restart steam. Black load screen. Fixed easily.1 CTD.1 annoying grudge bug that hasn't been a game killer.
The Infamous Hobo	Recommended	37.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/zeinfamoushobo/	My absolute favorite of the TW franchise after Shogun 2. Campaign map and 20v20 stack army battles run at 60+FPS all the time on a GTX 970, i5-4670k, 8GB RAM. That being said, some mechanics are somewhat streamlined, but that is completely neglibible when you take a look at the new meta. Magic and tech have never been so important in a TW game before. Diplomacy is cut back, but you're gonna be fighting a lot of factions all the time, so it doesn't really matter. Soundtrack is drop-dead amazing; every faction has a fitting score, reminiscent of one of my favorite games - Heroes of Might and Magic 3. I've already won a campaign with the Dwarfs in the matter of 15h on Normal difficulty. Your mileage may vary. All in all, buy it, it's awesome!
KoreanGuy98	Recommended	103.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/KoreanGuy98/	Holy Sigmar... this game is so good! It runs like a charge and its a treat to watch.
Betullo	Recommended	553.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/elitecorps/	Most fleshed out total war game, factions really differ from each other.
DonDonny	Not Recommended	44.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198021206627/	DLC policy
Jeagle	Recommended	137.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198018020480/	This game is amazing. Yes with game+all DLCs its an expensive game, but the amount of content is massive, and you do not need the DLCs to enjoy playing it. Would rate it a 9/10. The biggest issue I have with this game is the fact that autoresolve is so strong, even at high difficulty. There should be big insentive to fight the battles, as that is the best part of this game.
SmokingFlash	Recommended	320.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/BilllCipher/	If you think I missed something in my review feel free to tell me  THE TIME HAS COME FOR WAR!!  Total War: Warhammer is a star in the franchise with such differences between every single race that you will want to try them all. I will add a TL;DR at the end. Gameplay Like previous Total War games you will be constantly moving across a turn-based map improving your empire as you engage in RTS with battles crushing all those who resist your might.Currently there are 4 base races and one DLC race to play as. Each race containing different playstyles and unique units creating a true sense of uniqueness that I have not seen in the franchise until now. I have currently played as the vampire counts which lack ranged units but make up for it insanely with no routing and great damage dealers. Even the warriors of Chaos shall fear me (Only a bit behind them in units since Archaon came out and boosted the numbers). So here is a kinda quick overview of the races.The Empire - More classic oriented but superb cavalryThe Dwarfs -  Love to hold grudges (and have flamethrowers) so very revenge oriented GreenSkins - WAAAGH! (Fight or see the consequences)Vampire Counts - Corruption spreads and while lacking ranged units are still insanely deadly (ha punny)Chaos Warriors (DLC) - No settlements instead a horde whose only goal is to bring the end times, spread chaos, and kill allThe game is fun in both the turn-based state and RTS battle state. It also includes MAGIC!!!!!! (Magic can literally turn the tide of the battle insanely) Please help me, I have an addiction... Graphics/Sounds OK no denying you need a good pc/ gaming laptop to run this game, no denial there. I choose to run it on medium and do not have problems. As units go the designs of each unit is amazing! I personally love to look at my armies descend and destroy the empire. The soundtrack... um I've been too busy fighting BUT, when I did hear it I thought it was rather nice.  Pros/Cons  Pros  + Unique Factions/Races+ Magic+ Good Launch (After the hotfix)+ Addicting+ Steam Workshop+ Multiplayer Cons  - Problems for some machines (not really a con BUT BE AWARE OF YOUR SPECS!!!) Final Thoughts Oh god help me... I come back from school, and I want to do work, I really do, but this game has other plans. It has grabbed me and forced me to devote myself to the Von Carstein family as everyone is slowly destroyed beneath my might. They may whine, they may try, but I fear nothing for I am fear itself.  TL;DR   If you like Warhammer and Total War then you already own this game. Now this is the game for people who always wanted large-scale battles with a universe like LOTR or just any fantasy setting. Each Race/Faction is incredibly unique without sharing traits of others making each different one a fun experience. honestly this is the best Total War I have ever seen and If your PC/Laptop can run it and you like the idea or game at all, do yourself a favour and try it.
Caveman	Recommended	205.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198007375920/	Yes: it is expensive, but this review is not about the price tag, but about the game. I have been buying the series on release ever since Shogun I, but this time I felt sceptic about the game and decided to wait a bit. In the end I probaly should have waited a little longer, for a decent sale to pay a decent price.I am glad I didn't. I feared the game would be poorly balanced because of all the corny magic, flying generals, oversized Warhammers and and big-*ss monsters, but in fact it is balanced quite well. This is probably due to the years of experience with the tabletop battles. And whatever pricelabels Games Workshop puts on their products: they always make sure they are basically sound - they have to keep up to their reputation.  Having said that, I need to point out the quite obvious: it is set in the Warhammer setting; so you do have to stomach punk headed giantslayers, bomb-dropping gyrocopters, goblin doomdivers and over-the-top undead - if you cannot deal with these, this game is not for you. If you can however, and you are into fantasy battles, you will enjoy it.Pros and cons:On the plus side are:+ The fact that diplomacy (for the first time) actually works. You can form effective alliances, make conbfederations and direct your allies to actually help you.+ The fantasy elements work really well. It is a fun combination of magic & steel, monsters & men.+ You get attached to your generals and can level them individually and allocate magical weapons to them+ You can rename settlements and heroes. + the race generic characteristics are great: if you play orcs you will have to continue fighting, otherwise your troops disintegrate. If you play dwarves you bear grudges. If you play elves, you can conquer all,... but not very efficiently.+ Not all races can occupy all types of settlements: humans cannot conquer dwarf holds. This is a fun aspect that also creates ruins+ The feeling of doom when the hordes of Chaos and Beasts arrive+ You can fortify your cities well enough to leave them + I actually failed during my first empire campaign :)+ You will want to play the game trhough with all factionsOn the downside are- The strategy elements are quite simple, management of cities is not overly exiting and is very much like the Rome II campaign. - The AI is quite predictable in battles- Battles are usually either too difficult or too easy; and it is all to tempting to click on the automatic resolve button- the difficulty level is maintained by favouring non-player economics: a faction with two cities can field huge armies; a player is not able to do the same even if he controls a vast empire - It is too easy to buy special units- And it is all too expensive :D
Biggus_Dikkus	Not Recommended	142.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197992127507/	Red Shell
All Might	Recommended	228.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198004045837/	Games been running great for me even with large armies, no crashes or problems at all. Don't know much about Warhammer lore but the armies and background is pretty cool, Last time I enjoyed total war this much was the release of Medieval 2.
Prometheus	Recommended	375.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198012572615/	Full disclaimer I'm a fan of both total war games and Warhammer fantasy (before age of Sigmar) so I really wanted this game to be everything the trailers and YouTube videos showed, and I'm glad to say that it's everything that I wanted it to be.PERFORMANCEMost the negative reviews seem centred around performance issues, i.e. game not starting, freezing, crashes etc. and in my time playing (56 hours) I've had are 3 crashes all in my first few hours of playing; one when I left the game for about 20 minutes and came back which caused a crash, the second during a particularly large siege battle, and the last after a full day of playing. My computers not especially great but luckily I'm not someone who gets hung up of graphics, which if you are able to run on the higher qualities are spectacular.CAMPAIGN(I've now done 100+ turns for each race and can say they're each unique and from the looks of things very replayable).I'm 60 turns into a Warriors of Chaos campaign. You don't capture settlements as Chaos, instead it's like the hoard system from earlier games but much more refined and just all round better. Once you've captured somewhere you can; loot it giving you money,  raze it which essential destroys it and increases the 'population' growth of your hoard, or if it's a 'Norsca' settlement you can convert them, giving you a military ally like satrapies in Rome 2 but they actually like you. It's a solid system that really makes you feel like your rampaging across the lands of the Empire. The only other campaign I have running is as dwarfs, I'm 100 turns in with them and can say for sure that the play styles are very different not only because dwarfs work in the usual way of taking and holding settlements but also when fighting battles they are varied and interesting because of the huge differences in army rosters and stats.  AI+BATTLES AI in general is a huge step up from past games, particularly armies. No more armies with 12 of the same unit, 5 of another, and 2 more + general , now there's sensible and pretty tactical variation of units and fighting them on the battlefield is much more engaging and interesting. Garrisons in towns and cities are also now actually decent which allows you to concentrate your armies on advancing and expanding, and on the flip side means taking new cities is a actually challenge for once. The introduction of monsters and more importantly magic was something that worried a lot of people because of balance issues but after playing several battles involving both it would seem they have been well adapted to the game. Monsters don't destroy entire units but are still a force to be reckoned with, and can be effectively countered with magic (artillery if your dwarfs) or vice versa with monsters acting as tanks to absorb damage.Leaders, both Lords and Heroes, are key figures on the battlefield. Importantly they aren't insanely OP but are still powerful enough to have a impact on a battle. The levelling up system allows you to customise how you'd like to use your heroes. You can make them better suited to being like agents (spies, assassins, champions, and diplomats) or as lieutenants in battles. Combat is once again good, with charges having a proper weight to them and range units being effective yet not totally crippling, particularly artillery which is on a wide scale the likes of which hasn't been seen since Medieval 2. The mix of both strong melee and mixed range and melee factions means battles are challenging and aren't repetitive but there's none of what you had in past total war games where you see armies full of the best top tier units running about the map stomping others. MAPThe map is much larger than I'd expected and even thought there are only 6 races (undead, Chaos, Dwarfs, Green Skins, Empire, and Bretonnians) the fact that there are several 'tribes' of each means they don't all start fighting for space or make the map feels empty. If I think of anything to add later I will.
Manpoints	Not Recommended	329.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197967587245/	Played the game when it came out pretty hard, but like most discovered it was a mile wide and an inch deep. VERY LITTLE management or depth that you would usually come to expect from total war, a dumbed down arcade version of its former self. That being said, even with the bugs it was ok for a bit.Figured I'd come back to see the game with the series of DLC available annnd boom, to 'update' the game to what it should've been at launch I'd have to pay more than the original cost of the game for 2 more races, blood, and some generals. And before some fanboy jumps down my throat, if they wanted to remove blood to avoid a higher rating they could make it a FREE DLC, not charge for it.♥♥♥♥ing Sega. So over it, 7% are sticking around for DLC I've been hearing, you deserve it, hope someone else picks up the IP and does something proper with it and Sega can go back to cutting races out of historical strategy for day 1 race DLC releases, week 2 race DLC releases and week 4  race DLC releases like they did with Attila. Cant support this anymore.Never again Sega. Its not even a budgeting issue for me, I'll throw the money away on some garbage VR game before I support this type of♥♥♥♥♥♥
zucchini	Recommended	567.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/__zucchini__/	its good
Makhinmon	Recommended	272.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198019010178/	This is easily my favorite total war game since empire! I absolutely love it! Creative Assembly's dlc policy is rediculous and infamous, however its a good game nevertheless. HEAVILY RECOMMEND! 9/10 :D
mgm	Recommended	116.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198018681142/	The campaign is very well done, all the little things added in the game really immerse you in the world.
Stuie	Recommended	74.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198006644074/	First, I have not encountered any major bugs. The game appears to function as intended, and all the main systems seem to work. Balancing may need another pass, but that's easier to fix than the underlying systems. On to impressions, which I'll divide into Campaign, Battles, and Performance.CampaignThe campaign map features the usual settlement building now familiar from Rome 2 and Attila, but some of the negative effects have been removed, making the overall decision making much simpler. There are very obvious choices to be made, and no real tradeoffs for whatever approach you take. It's more a matter of "when" to build, not "what" to build. One interesting change is that techs available to research are now based on what buildings you have. Want to research army techs? Build a barracks. Seasons have been replaced with a generic "turn counter", so there are no seasonal effects or time dimensional attributes for characters (ie. no aging/dying from age). omg there's no family tree!! I only put this here because I saw so much consternation over a lack of family trees in Rome 2. Well they are gone again. There is a system of offices somewhat like Attila, but it's pretty simple stuff. No aging and no loyalty system either, just heroes and lords and skill trees for each. The character skill trees are more dynamic than they were in the last two games, with buffs to either personal stats, army stats, or province/empire stats, each area having its own tree to customize as you level. This leads to some interesting choices which come early and often - heroes/lords level pretty fast, about once per battle/mission in my experience. Characters can also have equips (slots for armor, weapons, trinket), special mounts (achieved in the skill tree), and followers, all of which provide addtional buffs or abilities than can be invoked in battle. All in all, the characters provide a decent "role play" type experience.The rest of the campaign map is pretty standard fare for a Total War game. There are settlements and provinces that will be familiar to players of Rome 2 and Attila. The diplomacy offers little new (although it seems slightly more transparent than previous iterations). One additional change is the "Winds of magic" that vary from time to time on the map, and determine how much magic energy will be available in a battle. Low winds - longer recharge for spells and such; high winds - you get the picture.BattlesLet's get this out of the way: Lords and Heroes are completely overpowered, but they are meant to be. One lord can wade into a 90 man unit of swordsmen and just start demolishing them - swing their weapon and bodies fly everywhere. Or they can stand back and sling spells that buff/debuff as needed, or do direct damage (of assorted types) to the enemy. All this feels kind of like the General abilities from previous TW titles, but on massive steroids.Next thing to note is that battles play out fast; I would have thought that mirroring a table-top game would lend itself to slower, more methodical play. Wrong. Once armies engage it is a rush to use abilities where needed, apply your lords/heroes to trouble spots, find the right match-ups for units and reposition as required.... Many times however, I've found the best option to be to take out the enemy leader, and then their army will usually crumble (quite literally when fighting Vampire armies). Regardless, most battles are over within minutes once the two sides engage. A more "thoughtful" pace would have been nice.There's still the typical rock-paper-scissor set up among troops - missile units > swords > spears > cavalry > missile units - with some variation such as halberds excelling vs. "large" units. The battlefields themselves are mostly pretty plain once you strip away all the non-interactive backdrops. I've fought on some interesting hilly terrain, but the majority of the battles have taken place on level ground, often with pretty stuff in the distance.The "feel" of each race is nicely differentiated; the Empire wants to form a line and hold their ground, while the undead usually want to swarm the enemy. Races are also differentiated by some not having particular units, thus enforcing a different "feel" to playing them.PerformanceThe game looks and runs great for me on the default "High" settings. I did bump AA up to MLAA from the default of none; no noticeable hit to performance. Also note that I have the game installed on my SSD, and with that said, load times are negligible. There is also an "Ultra" setting for the graphics, but I do not dare.... My system specs for comparison's sake:------------------System Information------------------  Operating System: Windows 7 Professional 64-bit (6.1, Build 7601) Service Pack 1  Processor: AMD FX(tm)-6300 Six-Core Processor              (6 CPUs), ~3.5GHz  Memory: 16384MB RAM  DirectX Version: DirectX 11---------------Display Devices---------------  Card name: AMD Radeon (TM) R9 200 Series (x2)  Display Memory: 4095 MB  Current Mode: 1920 x 1080 (32 bit) (60Hz)------------------------Disk & DVD/CD-ROM Drives------------------------  Drive: C:  Free Space: 299.0 GB  Total Space: 488.3 GB  Model: Crucial_ CT512MX100SSD1 SATA Disk DeviceWell?I have to admit, I'm enjoying the game more than I thought I would. I know next to nothing about Warhammer (and so will not comment on attention to lore), but I'm a fan of fantasy games and a Total War enthusiast (aka fanboi). With that said, the game checks all the boxes for me. However, I'm afraid tabletop Warhammer fans will be disappointed by the seemingly twitch-speed battles, while Total War fans may find the campaign over-simplified and the OP Lords slashing through enemy units somewhat laughable. The production values and attention to detail appear top-notch though, so perhaps the game finds the correct middle ground for all that and will please everyone. If anything of that rings true for you, then I would definitely recommend giving it a try.
Desforces	Recommended	59.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/desforces/	No problems so far. One of the best CA releases to date.Edit: The game runs very well on my 2600K and 580GTX OC. I have not yet encountered any game breaking bugs and crashes yet. The game is very good with unique units and buildings for each faction. Only downside is the diplomacy. The options are limited and should be expanded.
Ashen	Recommended	96.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198014917729/	Within an hour of playtime the Dwarf-lords of the mountain holds had entered a new line in the great Book of Grudges and demanded that I correct an ancient wrong... the sacking of Bugman Brewery. The Greenskins had attacked the Brewery, killing the Dwarves there and... what's worse, drank all the ale! As you've probably guessed this did not go down well and they demanded I beat the snot out of three entire Greenskin hordes to avenge this crime against alcohol and let me tell you they're not exactly patient about it either. The longer you wait to avenge a Grudge, the more rebellious the Dwarves become.Best game.
[N]White™	Recommended	34.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198074102183/	A pleasant surprise.
Abo lo6fa	Recommended	1,014.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/iAbolo6fa/	اعتقد جاء الوقت الي اقدر فيه اخيرا اتكلم فيه عن اللعبة اللعبة اشبعتني وذكرتني بنظام المسلسل بعد كل فترة يتم تغذيتها بمحتوى جديد ويتوسع العالم !كأنك مقبل على استكشاف اجناس و عوالم جديدة التحديثات تأتي بين فترة واخرى واستطيع القول ان الجزء الاول الان مزدحم جدا ويستحق الشراء وبشدة ******************** تنويه مهم ********************************البعض يشتكي من اللعبة بسبب اسعار الاضافات واحب الافادةه ان الاضافات لا يشترط ان تقوم بشرائها هي مجرد اجناس تلعب بها في التختيم او الاونلاين في حال لم تقم بشراء الاضافات ستستطيع اللعبة ضد اناس في الاونلاين يملكونها وستجد الدول و الاجناس موجودة تلقائيا في التختيم تحاربهم لكن لن تستطيع اللعب بهم لا تستعجل على موضوع الاضافات العب ثم ابحث عن الاضافة التي لاقت استحسانك وانطلق *************************************************************هنا تحدثت عن افضل اضافات لعبتها في الجزء الأول :https://youtu.be/wY-aKrfYKRUهنا مراجعتي للعبة بشكل اوسع : http://multigamers.com/review-warhammer-total-war/ 
Stuie	Recommended	74.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198006644074/	First, I have not encountered any major bugs. The game appears to function as intended, and all the main systems seem to work. Balancing may need another pass, but that's easier to fix than the underlying systems. On to impressions, which I'll divide into Campaign, Battles, and Performance.CampaignThe campaign map features the usual settlement building now familiar from Rome 2 and Attila, but some of the negative effects have been removed, making the overall decision making much simpler. There are very obvious choices to be made, and no real tradeoffs for whatever approach you take. It's more a matter of "when" to build, not "what" to build. One interesting change is that techs available to research are now based on what buildings you have. Want to research army techs? Build a barracks. Seasons have been replaced with a generic "turn counter", so there are no seasonal effects or time dimensional attributes for characters (ie. no aging/dying from age). omg there's no family tree!! I only put this here because I saw so much consternation over a lack of family trees in Rome 2. Well they are gone again. There is a system of offices somewhat like Attila, but it's pretty simple stuff. No aging and no loyalty system either, just heroes and lords and skill trees for each. The character skill trees are more dynamic than they were in the last two games, with buffs to either personal stats, army stats, or province/empire stats, each area having its own tree to customize as you level. This leads to some interesting choices which come early and often - heroes/lords level pretty fast, about once per battle/mission in my experience. Characters can also have equips (slots for armor, weapons, trinket), special mounts (achieved in the skill tree), and followers, all of which provide addtional buffs or abilities than can be invoked in battle. All in all, the characters provide a decent "role play" type experience.The rest of the campaign map is pretty standard fare for a Total War game. There are settlements and provinces that will be familiar to players of Rome 2 and Attila. The diplomacy offers little new (although it seems slightly more transparent than previous iterations). One additional change is the "Winds of magic" that vary from time to time on the map, and determine how much magic energy will be available in a battle. Low winds - longer recharge for spells and such; high winds - you get the picture.BattlesLet's get this out of the way: Lords and Heroes are completely overpowered, but they are meant to be. One lord can wade into a 90 man unit of swordsmen and just start demolishing them - swing their weapon and bodies fly everywhere. Or they can stand back and sling spells that buff/debuff as needed, or do direct damage (of assorted types) to the enemy. All this feels kind of like the General abilities from previous TW titles, but on massive steroids.Next thing to note is that battles play out fast; I would have thought that mirroring a table-top game would lend itself to slower, more methodical play. Wrong. Once armies engage it is a rush to use abilities where needed, apply your lords/heroes to trouble spots, find the right match-ups for units and reposition as required.... Many times however, I've found the best option to be to take out the enemy leader, and then their army will usually crumble (quite literally when fighting Vampire armies). Regardless, most battles are over within minutes once the two sides engage. A more "thoughtful" pace would have been nice.There's still the typical rock-paper-scissor set up among troops - missile units > swords > spears > cavalry > missile units - with some variation such as halberds excelling vs. "large" units. The battlefields themselves are mostly pretty plain once you strip away all the non-interactive backdrops. I've fought on some interesting hilly terrain, but the majority of the battles have taken place on level ground, often with pretty stuff in the distance.The "feel" of each race is nicely differentiated; the Empire wants to form a line and hold their ground, while the undead usually want to swarm the enemy. Races are also differentiated by some not having particular units, thus enforcing a different "feel" to playing them.PerformanceThe game looks and runs great for me on the default "High" settings. I did bump AA up to MLAA from the default of none; no noticeable hit to performance. Also note that I have the game installed on my SSD, and with that said, load times are negligible. There is also an "Ultra" setting for the graphics, but I do not dare.... My system specs for comparison's sake:------------------System Information------------------  Operating System: Windows 7 Professional 64-bit (6.1, Build 7601) Service Pack 1  Processor: AMD FX(tm)-6300 Six-Core Processor              (6 CPUs), ~3.5GHz  Memory: 16384MB RAM  DirectX Version: DirectX 11---------------Display Devices---------------  Card name: AMD Radeon (TM) R9 200 Series (x2)  Display Memory: 4095 MB  Current Mode: 1920 x 1080 (32 bit) (60Hz)------------------------Disk & DVD/CD-ROM Drives------------------------  Drive: C:  Free Space: 299.0 GB  Total Space: 488.3 GB  Model: Crucial_ CT512MX100SSD1 SATA Disk DeviceWell?I have to admit, I'm enjoying the game more than I thought I would. I know next to nothing about Warhammer (and so will not comment on attention to lore), but I'm a fan of fantasy games and a Total War enthusiast (aka fanboi). With that said, the game checks all the boxes for me. However, I'm afraid tabletop Warhammer fans will be disappointed by the seemingly twitch-speed battles, while Total War fans may find the campaign over-simplified and the OP Lords slashing through enemy units somewhat laughable. The production values and attention to detail appear top-notch though, so perhaps the game finds the correct middle ground for all that and will please everyone. If anything of that rings true for you, then I would definitely recommend giving it a try.
R.I.P. GPU † 12.09.2018	Recommended	44.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Andrioshe/	[still playing and testing the game]Total War: Warhammer is a nice alternative to Total War: Atilla and Total War: Rome II. Total War: Warhammer is all in one not a improvement over the other Total War games but it offers a new experience of Total War.Pro+ Graphic+ Realistic+ Better AI than Total War: Atilla and Total War: Rome II+ Most important Mods are already available- Performance is struggling sometimes.- Standard Camera is somehow broken?- Formations of some Units are missing- No Seafight/ Only 5 Races BUT they are completely different/ Camera can be fixed with modsI am actually enjoying this game.. even without having time for it because of my study.Overall 8/10
WarMaster GoreHowl	Recommended	969.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198005510391/	Without putting up wall upon wall of texts ( I've got to get back to playing!) and as someone who has wanted this game since childhood, for it to be great, I just wanted to say... Thank you.It's not perfect but damn is it close.From holding back 40 units of undead with my heroes holding in the front with my artillery landing all around them while my lines fight in the background, to chaos trying to siege my settlements and being slain all over my walls, to purging settlements of greenskin filth. Everything is just as it should be, and its effing awesome.I have been in this forum since announcement. Almost every fear we have had has been laid to rest.Regional Occupation- has had its fear been modded out, I was someone who originally hated RO, but I can enjoy it and haven't turned the mod on yet but to test it, however the amount of joy i have knowing I CAN TURN IT OFF IF I WANT... is endless. Co-op as same race / LL *lore* start positions - Fixed by modding.Every other aspect of this game is almost flawless.Minor Gripes / ConsChaos Warriors as Horde only.All I would really ( and I know there are others ) ask for is that a Chaos Warriors Faction has the option to settle eventually in the trilogy when the chaos wastes ( the place with the most chaos citadels etc) is on the campaign map. A lot of us really want a chaos warriors race that isn't horde mode because a lot of people don't find horde mode fun, or in the case of my friend, aren't good enough to play them successfully. So please CA make a Chaos Warriors faction able to settle, even just chaos castles / settlements in norsca / Chaos Wastes would be enough.Sieges / No settlement battles.You set out to make sieges simpler, yet harder / more pulse pounding and action-y. By all accounts across the board, you succeeded and I was VERY skeptical. Bravo. I mean that in truest form. However everything else about warhammer total war is epic, sadly, your Sieges are not, compared to what they should be.Sieges have ZERO RACIAL FLAVOR AND THAT'S SUCH A SHAME!!!!!!!!So much emphasis on the line above, seriously!!!However those cities have SUCH a beautiful layout behind the off limits zone, and for sieges I'm not asking that we need 360 degree access, but it should at LEAST include a playable path to the CENTER of the city in those maps + what we have now, I think some races especially should have more layers of walls / defenses / terrain favoring defenders. Other than that...I can not thank you enough CA, now just make sure the trilogy steers clear of the age of sigmar and you CAN'T F this up.This has been so many peoples dream game and I've played it every waking moment since release, I will play it until the day I leave this earth, its just that damn good.Thank you so much for all your hard work and effort.
Joe Jackdaw	Not Recommended	172.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198018794479/	Gimped features and DLC policy.....
Steven	Recommended	58.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/vampire1212/	I am one of the few who waited to play since almost all games at launch have issues, wether it be server related or whatever. I work in the hosting industry, there is zero way to prepare for a big launch. If a server is overloaded, nothing you can do besides deploy more servers or wait for the load to come down. I don't knock a game for that as seeing it first taught me it's not always the devs fault or server operators. Anyways, I have had zero issues in my two hours of playing. Game runs smooth, everything set to ultra even on my older hardware (Nvidia 650 GTX Ti). No lag, disconnects, frame drops, none of that. In terms of gameplay, it's your standard Total War with a flare of Warhammer. The table top game converts nicely, reminds of the old Battlemarch game but vastly improved. All in all, happy with my purchase!
Lokire	Not Recommended	129.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198079468407/	Well 100 hrs in and I can say this game is not all that great. Coming from rome 1 and M2 this game feels bare bones. Of corse I like some new feature such as the online co-op but it just pales in compaison to what you lose out on. Every faction has a lot less troops then factions from M2 or some in Rome 1. You cannot split armies up to cover more gound block pathways or any other strats you can think off. This does one major thing to the campaign make, It makes it a lot less about forming your own strats and more just running down the beaten path. As a example the first 5 or 6 turns of the empire are going to be spent defeating the rebels around you first you attack the army north of the capital then you attack the village to the east then the village settlement to the north taking 2 turns then the final settlement to the west. There is no good alt. In comarison to M2 the HRE starts off with a army just north of hamburg ready to take it the next turn but you can use it to take Thorn or the city to the east should your skill in battle lets you. I think this is a good time to talk battles, The game holds its own in this department but is held back by the lack of units and smaller maps. Not only this but is it just me or is the ai even more of a dumpster fire. In M2 it was bad but in this game wow! I would think the hardest level whould try to overwelm you with perfect micro but no it just gets stat boosts...
Slaughterhouse	Not Recommended	105.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Slaughterhouse/	I have to say i've bought every single total war game....then i bought this one.  And expected so much from the campaign.  To me it just seems like they have just gotten lazy with their games anymore.  Yet they crank out countless dlc's for most things that should be included in the base game.  Sad to say warhammer which was my most anticapated game to release has barely gotten me to play it.  Where as attila  medieval II rome 2 rome i poured countless hours into.  The models look amazing and all to me the campaigns have just gotten stale.
Ɖon | Morgrain	Not Recommended	122.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/2370/	Awesome game.But: Many grabbing studio - the DLC politics (pricetags!) are a joke. Do not support this garbage.
Jean-Ralphio Saperstein	Not Recommended	254.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198047726240/	The base game is quite good. Sadly they are applying the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ DLC policy. So when I, personally paid 60 euros for only 5 races. They now bring a DLC which costs 17 euros for a single race. This is a ripoff. They do not deserve any money. 60 euros is the price of a full game with all the civs. Comparing this game to rome 1, the dlcs actually brought new maps and new stories. Barbarian invasion bringing an entire new set of civs. Obviously CA has to stop taking a big dump on the comunity.
Literally 8 Years Old	Recommended	223.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197967459119/	Total War: Warhammer is the best Total War released to date. I've played 4 other Total War games and Warhammer is still the best, even coming from myself, a history nerd.For those of you new to the Total War series, it's a 4X game similar to Civilization with one huge difference; battles between armies take place on a real time map like any other RTS. What separates it from other RTS games is it actually FEELS like a real medieval battle. Take any other RTS game and battles are over in seconds. But in antiquity battles were long, drawn out affairs that could potentially last hours as lines of armies met in a huge scrum. Concepts like batallions, morale, infantry lines, and formations are not realize in other arcade-like RTS games, but they are critical in Total War. If you want to see what an actual battle between hundreds of infantry might have looked like, Total War does a better job than any other game to date.So why is Total War the best so far?Obviously graphically it's superior to its predecessors. And fortunately while the developers are well known for releasing buggy games on release, this is not the case for Total War which has an excellent polish with no glitches I experienced in 50 hours. But the game play is where things really shine. Traditional Total War games used real life nations and city states, and naturally this limited what kind of units you could feel. Infantry, archers, cavalry, and .... better infantry, archers, and cavalry. But Total War has larger than life Hero units, Giants, Trolls, Giant Spiders, Dragons, Pegasi, Seige Units, and Magic. This really opens up the strategic possibilities in the game. It also allows the multiple different factions unique effects on the 4X campaign as well. So instead of picking between 20 widely similar human nations, you have ~ genuinely 5 unique races you can pick, which dramatically improves replayability. The multiple different difficulties can also help cater to your play style.So where do all these negative reviews come from? Well, people don't like paying money for things. They are disappointed CA won't give them multiple expansion packs for free after they purchased the game. Such reviews are incredibly disingenuous amounting to "The game is really good but CA are greedy therefore the game sucks." I suspect they would prefer the DLC not be offered at all.Whether or not each expansion pack is worth the asking price is a different question altogether from the one I am answering today: Is Total War: Warhammer, the base game alone, worth the asking price? For the $25 I spent for the sale price I can give a definite Yes, and when those DLCs are discounted heavily I'll buy those too.
whitewolfmxc	Recommended	123.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/whitewolfmxc/	WOW , finally a total war game thats bug free , runs smooth , looks good , ACCURATE TO ITS SOURCE , EPIC lolwell done Sega . yeah still F YOU GW for your miniature prices XDpeace
Pusha T	Not Recommended	27.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/forrest319/	The foundation of the best Total War yet.  But the balance in the single player campaign is frustratingly awful.  Wish I had played enough to realize that during the refund period, I would have definitely returned it.  Also... with the majority of the content being DLC, this is the last Total War game I'll buy unless they change that (and I've purchased everyone since the original Rome).  Even the races that are unlocked have locked content from the beginning.  Terrible.
Kars	Recommended	38.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/whereisthenoose/	"I'm not going to recommend this game because it has problems running on my toaster."- 0.1 hours on record.User reviews was a mistake.
risefromsin	Recommended	804.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198025514656/	For warhammer fans, who dont mind not rolling dice for everything and total war fans that are happy to take a break from world history Womblehammer toteswar is a large and now bloating game. Nurgle the plague god has infected the developers minds. Total war two being released pre christmas 2017 will feature a new map and new factions BUT owning the original and sequel will allow the option to allow a combined area map. Your armies can finally go on their summer holidays, dwarves in Lustria. Slaan invading Brettonia in revenge for their love of frog legs. and the biggest grudge match of the warhammer world WHO WORE IT BEST/LESS woodelf wardancers or darkelf witchelves. Finally skaven. The potentially most overpowered race gets the totes war treatment Sigmar bless your souls.
Twitch.tv/the_swede_	Recommended	120.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/smashturbation8/	Love it, just wanted to get it out there so the negative nancys can suck it
Kularas	Not Recommended	170.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198017727142/	Costly DLC's that should be in the main game
Poisoned Cookie	Not Recommended	145.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197985202589/	I enjoy the game, But i am not going to buy the DLC`s, it`s a ripoff. Not going to buy the next game !
Twitch.tv/the_swede_	Recommended	120.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/smashturbation8/	Love it, just wanted to get it out there so the negative nancys can suck it
Tigris	Recommended	57.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198006827098/	Just amazing. An incredible background, a tough campaign (right now playing it in Normal difficulty with the Greenskins, freaking tough but love it, the game really pushes you to think over strategies and management of your faction in the campaign map, a true Total War game). Will be very thrilling to check the other factions once my green tide conquers the world. Buy it, you will enjoy it (and I think I don`t have a super gaming pc, just in case someone rejects the game for system requirements).
BaronBumbleB	Not Recommended	88.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/BaronBumbleB/	First off, I enjoy the game, it adds some features previous Total War games could have used, but it also loses some things that Total War games have typically had. The game just feels a little....barebones in some places. So some negatives and some positives, but overall i like it. However, I will never recommend this game to another living soul as long as CA and Sega insist on making me pay for an entire game and then dropping another 100 plus dollars on dlc over the next year. DLC for factions that should have already been included in the game and blood....for 2.99. Seriously?
The Cat Wonder	Not Recommended	47.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198047616955/	Wish they had a mixed reccommendation for this since the price is really the only reason I don't agree with this, especially since all this is half a game meant to be partnered with Total Warhammer 2. I got this game from Humble Bundle monthly so you could either say I spent 0 or 12 dollars on it, either of which is relatively negligible. The issue for me however is that most of this dlc feels like a scam pricewise and costs the actual price of the game overall to try to complete the game. Comparing this game overall to Shogun Total War 2 really shows how much Sega has really fallen since not only was Shogun 2 half the cost of this game, but what you pay for 1 faction could get you two whole campaigns with actual new stuff that really changed how the game felt. With Shogun Total War 2 I pre-ordered the dlcs and was excited since they all were good and actually added stuff to the game, meanwhile I dread having to get the dlcs for this game simply because I know under no circumstances will my enjoyment equal the price since this game is now stuck with no support since they already shovelled out the next installment. Basically, this game is only worth it if you can get it at a huge discount and wrangle together all the dlc together in the process. At this point you might just be better off waiting for Total War Warhammer 5 and buying everything in a 500 buck package so you can get the "full experience" as Sega intended.
Alexander	Recommended	307.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/al3xanderp/	Probably the best Total War game to date, Total War Warhammer is a must-have for strategy lovers.Pros:- Great differences between races, each is unique starting from its campaign map strategy all the way to the battles and the way you approach them.- Excellent optimisation, unit lag seems almost removed- Units range from ground to flying units, infantry, heroes, cavalry and monsters,- Good AI, especially on difficulties above normal- Excellent modding scene, modders figured out how to add new maps, units, heroes and even new races into campaign and custom battles.- DLC seems great, since most add new units, races and campaigns- Some excellent free DLC, Bretonnia included into the game.Cons:- DLC price is a bit steep, tho each of the race ones is like a new expansion- Some DLC seems to have been forced-removed from the main game, and should have been part of it.
Smoochie	Recommended	372.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198076666050/	No crashes glitches or bugs for this guy. The game has been perfect for the 3 hours i ended up playing. It was probably because i had played the game after the hotfix CA did. The singleplayer campaign is great. The objectives and lore from the warhammer universe really makes it interesting. Combat is very smooth and organized. Units stay in formation and there arent any mosh pits like rome 2. Performance is way better than Rome 2 despite it having way better graphics than it.All i wish is that multiplayer campaign was more than just 2 people cuz me and my friends wanted to get like a civ game going lol. Great game just pray they just dont make future races packs $10 each. 
Ambassador of Benevolence	Not Recommended	251.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197972370664/	Okay. This game technical delivers on most of what it promises. But the bottom line is that it's waiting for an expansion full of tweaks and and extra content (not just DLC faction content) to make it really worth sinking a hundred hours into. (Full disclosure: my last Total War game was Medieval II, which was one of my favorite games of all time.)Pros:- It runs pretty well on my cheap laptop. It's always nice when game companies include those of us who play on "low" settings.- Wonderful fidelity to the Warhammer universe- Warhammer specific additions, like Lords and Monsterous Infantry, are actually really fun- Exciting quest battles- RPG elements, magic items, add fun customization and rewardCons:- Extremely simplified campaign gameplay. There's simply not much to do when you're running your civilization. By turn 50 or so, I had maxed out my starting province. That meant it was strategically inert for the next 150 turns. You couldn't upgrade the roads, expand trade networks, build improved armories. You couldn't adjust taxation rate (There's a "Tax" on/off button). This essentially ditched the campaign gameplay in justification for the battle system. The campaign desperately needs more content, decisions, and control, or else a change in campaign design so it doesn't take 250 turns to win.- Extremely quick battles. My second campaign I played on Very Hard mode, which disables loading (awesome) and disables pausing (stressful, but fun). This really makes you realize how short battles are, since they aren't padded by excessive micromanagement. Many are over in five minutes. In fact, in my largest battle ever, three armies of chaos (included Archeon, the king evil guy) were pitted against four armies of my undead horde. It was twice the size of any battle I had had before. It was over in fifteen minutes.- Monotenous battles. Most battles played out the same. Regiments would immediatly break ranks upon contact with soldiers, meaning battles would devolve into blobs. Armies tended to immediately engage. There are no bridge defenses, night battles, battlefield objectives, crazy set-pieces, occupiable villages or walls or forts. No hiring of mercenaries from other races. No sudden third army of beastmen. I rarely maneuvered cleverly in my battles and rarely felt punished for it. In 70 hours of campaign gameplay (all Vampire Counts), I fought only dwarves and chaos warriors, excluding quest battles. Worst of all are sieges, which are essentially pitched battles with towers. - Awkward magic. The magic was fun, but just not quite right. One wizard was pretty much as powerful as another, regardless whether he was a lord or hero. There was rarely reason to take more than one. In playing, I never felt compelled to cast anything other than the cheapest spells. The system just needs tweaks. If the cooldown of spells were 60 seconds each, then having more spells would be more important, and upgrading their cooldown time would be worth it. Stuff like that.- Poorly paced campaign. So the first Chaos invasion happens like around turn 70. Then they come again, thirty turns later. Then the next thirty turns. They completely overshadow fighting against other races. They don't even let you interact much with other races before they come. Worse still, even if you somehow manage to eliminate the faction, you're faced with the impossible grind of destroying practically everyone else. It's boring. Setbacks are frequent. Instead, I think they should have different victory objectives for each race. For Vampire Counts, they should have to complete all quest battles, sack the Empire capital, then fight a final quest battle somewhere far away for a Book of Nagash. The Dwarves should have to end the book of grudges and have X amount of gold. Or something other than "eliminate 600 enemy provinces." Finally, the Chaos invasion needs to be paced better as an endgame thing.- Lack of choices/custimization. In the beginning, you have to choose between two different lords. Oestensibly, who you pick will determine your play style. Mages or infantry? Economy or fighting ability? That sort of thing. In reality, the benefits are negligible as a faction defining feature (i.e. 5% extra campaign movement) and, worst of all, you actually get both lords in the course of gameplay anyway. I found myself wishing my Vampire army was different based on my lord. I wish one lord allowed one high tier unit but eliminated another. I wish some skills or research were either/or. I wish I could choose a vampire bloodline. Finally, when recruiting lords and heros, each came with only one trait (meloncholy, magnamimous, etc). Alas! I dream of sharper distinctions.---So in the final analysis, there just isn't enough content and strategy out of the box to justify the time it takes to meaningfully complete the game. The campaign map needs more strategy and interesting late game content/events. Battles need more variation, including occasionally taking longer than 5-10 minutes. The game needs to continue feeling rewarding to play past turn 100. And (oddly enough) it needs more races. Beastmen, Wood Elves, and a southern Tomb Kings invasion would make things much better. Without these, I just don't feel I can recommend you sink in the 100 hours it takes to play a couple campaigns required to win. All that being said, I did have immense fun with parts of it, and I really enjoyed the warhammer world. If you messed around with Warhammer as a kid, you'll get a kick out of it. But otherwise, I'd wait to see what DLCs, patches, big mods and steam sales have come out in a year or two.(And rather than buy content DLC, I'd much rather fork over 40 bucks for an expansion that looks for a holistic revision/improvement of the game, rather than adding piecemeal to it.)(Also, despite listing over 180 hours spent on this game, I've only spent 70-80 on gameplay. The rest is phantom time.)
Junker-2047-	Not Recommended	103.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197977202568/	TLDR: Buy it if you are hardcore into Warhammer, don't mind the very steep price tag and you want to read lore and see fantasy armies battle it out. Pass if you want a reasonably priced strategy game that is deep, involved and fun to play.You need to use a little foresight when considering a purchase of Total War: Warhammer. We are now seven months post release and there exists $65 worth of DLC at the moment. So, if you're looking for a complete experience consider this a $125 game. Ditto that for part two and three and you are looking at a $375 game. Are you alright with that? If so, read on. The bread and butter of this game is the animated battles. Bottom line, if you don't care about watching fantasy armies slaughtering eachother in real time you should just save yourself a lot of money and move on right now. The strategy, RPG elements and empire building in this game are nonexistant to barely recognizeable.Strategy begins and ends with trying to flank a paper unit with your scissors unit. RPG elements begin and end with equiping boring items and putting skill points into (mostly) generic trees for your generals. Empire building begins and ends with deciding which (mostly) generic building trees you want to invest in then you just cut-n-paste across every region you conquer. Diplomacy is terrible and really just exists as a ton of spam you click through at the beginning of each round. As a  dwarf you will get peace treaties from orcs and vampires, as if that makes any sense whatsoever. Vampires may declare war on you one turn then proceed to offer you gold for a peace treaty for the next 30 turns.The turn-based overland map is so clunky and random there seems to be little purpose outside of looking for battles that you can win. Your limited field of vision ensures enemy armies will constantly run in from the shadows and decimate your cities and armies before you have a chance to react. They exhibit minimal AI and seem to exist as a harassing agent until they are disposed of. The story is barebones, impersonal and largely uninteresting. Their is a very comprehensive encyclopedia of Warhammer lore built into the engine so you can read up on a lot of stuff if that is your scene.The battles are pretty cool at first. Who can deny the awesomeness of clashing armies in a fantasy universe? Performace is acceptable and the graphics are noteworthy with a decent rig. The highlight is the clashing of armies but they quickly devolve into blops of units with only  the front line attacking. Everyone else just sort of stands around waiting for their turn to kill or die. This tends to be immersion breaking if you really dial in to a single battle. Keep the camera moving, however, and you can look past this unfortunate issue. The tedious, redundant nature of the battles are unescapable, unfortunately. The blood and gore DLC  is required, in my opinion, to give any sense of soul to these battles. I literally quite playing the game after a few hours because it was an obvious omission that seriously reduced one's level of enjoyment.Bottom line, battles get boring and they get boring fast. Battle maps are limited and you will never fight in sprawling cities or castle towns. You basically have two battle maps: wilderness or a siege against a single wall. The vast majority of units can only be told where to go or who to attack. No skills, formations or stances mean battles are a click-and-watch affair. Cool for the first few times but TW:W turns into an auto-resolve game very quickly. This is never more true than during the horribly under-developed seige battles. Ugh. What's left is the turn-based world map and, well, I already told you what I think of that.
Ph.G.	Not Recommended	42.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/paradoxequation/	This game is surprisingly well made for a Total War title, games which have a long history of going two steps forward and one step backward with modders filling in the gaps and fixing major problems with the games.What makes this game impossible to recommend is the incredibly large amount of very overpriced DLC.  You are buying a demo for 60$ and to really enjoy the entire game you will need to spend another 60 to 80$ on top of that.  This is inexcusable.Many of the races in the "base" game are re-skins of each other.  More than half of the unit variety is locked behind a huge paywall.  Don't fall for this scam.  I tried to play it and realized I had experienced most of the races units after 25 hours and exploring more playstyles would cost additional $$$.If all of the content were available with the base game it would be worth 60$.  As it is, don't even buy it on sale unless you can get it in a bundle with all the DLC for less than 60$.
psychoak	Recommended	538.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197995787834/	Man are these some troll reviews...This is the best Total War game ever, warts and all.I haven't bought the blood DLC, I don't think it's worth 3 bucks.  I haven't bought Beastmen either, that sure as hell isn't worth 19.Would I tank the game reviews with a negative because I'm not happy with them?  Hell no, I've already NOT BOUGHT THEM.  I speak with my wallet, people who did can speak with their reviews of the actual products they're unhappy with.This is not a game of copy/paste infantry and cavalry to alter slightly between near identical factions.  Some TW games are completely comprised of such near identical factions.  Others have two or three significant variations that comprise all or most of their lineups being actually unique from others.The four base factions are epic, utterly different units from start to finish.  Combat is a blast, it would be even without magic and monstrous flyers.I have plenty of complaints about the game, I think city design has been overly simplified, agent behavior is terrible as usual, and the battlemaps are also hugely simplified, boring affairs compared to what they used to be.  The game is still great though, there's no excuse for giving it a negative because you don't like the DLC.The DLC have their own reviews, use them.  This is supposed to be here to help people decide to buy a game by getting relevant, useful information.  They can see how much the horribly received DLC costs without ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s review bombing it out of existence.
[Falcon] Redblaster100	Recommended	364.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198007302481/	No serious problems with the game so far, other than the multiplayer servers being a bit unstable due to the heavy load of people trying to play [HAS BEEN RESOLVED]. This should have been of no surprise though, as Total War is immensly popular.All the idiots complaining about the game not running simply because they can't be bothered to update their drivers, or verify the integrity of the game cache should be ignored. The game runs for me at 100 - 120 fps without a single problem, without any lag or without any issues what so ever so far, with all graphic options maxed out. Unfortunately there do seem to be some minor balancing issues. Dwarves who suffer from not having any mounted units , being slow and not able to cast magic , struggle on the tougher difficulties against their orc neighbours. Im aware the tougher the difficulty, the harder it should be , but it get's to a point where it just feels like the AI is cheating way too hard, leveling up their generals almost 4 times as fast as the player. The Orc 'Waagh'!' system is an interesting one, and by all means counter-able. It does at times feel a little overpowered however. Orc factions recieving a free, full flag Army (often with experienced units) can be a bit frustrating when playing factions  that have to deal with them, namely dwarves.Currently there is, as far as my experiences reaches, only one common bug that I've encountered. After a Chaos cutscene where they announce the invasion (Somewhere between 80 - 120 turns in roughly)  the game sometimes get's stuck. I've had campaigns where it happens, and some where it doesn't, but it still troubles many players judging by the forum posts. The dev's are looking into this however. Overall this game is amazing. It is in my opinion the best and most enjoyable Total War to date. The maps have been extremely well made, and the eye for detail (especially on the quest battles) is extraordinary. The clashing of units charging one another finally feels like it has proper inpact, and the fantasy setting has opened the door for the Creative Assembly to really go crazy and provide an enjoyable, amazingly adictive experience. The writing is phenomenal. The Orc speeches and Dwarf quotes are absolutely hilarious, and although the game has many 'funny' moments, they manage to maintain an 'epic' feel to the entire gameplay experience.Onwards, my pure-beard brothers! To battle! For there are grudges to be settled, and new entries in the Dammaz Kron to write!
PlourdoniusRex	Recommended	307.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198034473149/	I have been playing since the original Medieval Total War, and have played every title since then. I have beaten every game on Legendary and can say that I have never been so pleasantly challenged untill this. Only complaint is that Bretonnia is a starting faction.
Kjarrma	Recommended	291.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198014891922/	I've played about an hour and I'm writing this review to try to pull the game into a positive review on steam. Most of peoples  issues stem from the game not starting or other bugs. Normally I would not review day 1, but with my current setup, i7 4790k 4.0 ghz, 980ti, 32gb ram and running the game off a SSD I have absolultely no issues or game crashing bugs. I hope that other reviewers will update their review when they've logged more hours into the game (as will I). If you have a similar build or high end build you probably will be fine. I'd also encourage you to update your graphics drivers to the most recent available. At least thats what I did and have no performance issues. In fact the game feels like it runs smoother than other total wars.In my hour of gameplay I've summized that this is going to be a great series of games based in the warhammer world. Combat is more or less the same as it's always been with some tweaks to charges and more fluidity in unit v unit combat. There are no combat animations or locked 1v1's which adds to the fluidity of combat and was much needed in Total War. Battles are paced fairly fast.. and it takes some getting used to the rock paper scissors magic big ♥♥♥♥ing beast style of gameplay but it's a breath of fresh air in the Total War series and an interesting departure from historical titles (for the time being).I'd recommend those having issues to go to the official total war forums, reddit, or TWC! In the mean time I'll continue to play and post up a review in a week or so! Great game so far!
Mazdaist	Recommended	168.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198021934199/	Works great. Even if not at first, those negative ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s should at least give the game like 2-4 days to get their initial problems sorted out. However, the game runs extremly well and is better optimised than its predecessors.It looks great, it feels different and familiar at the same time.I don't know anything about warhammer, but the atmosphere of the game is dense and awesome.Province managment is a bit easier than in attila, whatever that is worth.Battles feel great and fluid, magic has been well implemented and it doesn't seem overpowered or useless.I'd recommend trying this game out for anybody loving TW.
Doc	Recommended	106.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198002053864/	I escaped without any technical issues and, simply put, this is one of the slickest, richest and enjoyable Total Wars I have played to date.
Count Grimhart	Recommended	75.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198054444134/	I'm having a blast with this game. Though I get alot of people area having techinical issues, so here are my specs :/My specs are GTX 970, AMD 8320, 16 gigs of RAM, and WD black TB drive. Worked for me, hope it works for those with my specs.
RTK | Enso	Recommended	332.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/iamenso/	Awesome in every way. MP needs more features and I cant wait 2 more expansions
Mars God Of War	Recommended	41.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198021408153/	I dont think I could love anyone who wouldnt want to play this game
Chief of Police	Recommended	3.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/heyhotdog/	So far, so good. But still figuring this game out.I was hoping for a game that would be reminicent of one of my all-time favorites - Warhammer: Dark Omen. Anyone who ever had the privilege of playing that wonderful game would know the beauty of which I speak. This game (Total War: Warhammer) certainly has a lot of the aspects that that masterpiece contained (most importantly, the Warhammer world), but to be honest, there is a sort of "simplicity" that is missing. The game is relatively complex in comparison to the simple, intuitive controls that Dark Omen had. Yes, this is a Total War game after all, but I was really hoping for something that was a bit more "pick up and play". Here, there are so many things to read and take notice of, and it's not just a case of "here are your dudes, upgrade them if you want, replace some dead ones, and go straight to battle". Here, you have things like economy, upkeep, multiple fronts to protect, some random dude telling you stuff all the time etc.Anyway, don't get me wrong - the actual combat element of the game is amazing and really all I was hoping for (except for the addition of that "To the death!" button that Dark Omen had where you could pump up your units' strength manually by clicking a button endlessly (that was possibly the most awesome addition ever).Let's see how it goes, but for now, I'd give it a decent 7/10.
Veki	Recommended	232.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/veki2/	Hello, I played A LOT of Medieval II: Total War: Kingdoms (game from 2006) and based from that game I will tell you what is improved, added, removed and dubbed down in a +/- way, trying to explain in a sentence or two , coming up with a finle x/x score.Good stuff:+ Most games only do this, anyways the graphics and animations in this game are Godlike, where hundreds clash and murder each other is extremely satisfying to look at even if you are losing the battle.+ Leaders and generals/heroes are extremely useful/strong. (This is on "-" section too)+ Unit variety is a bit bigger and more impactful (they are not just reskins to other empire, they play differently).+ There are not many bugs (AI bugs included), if any at all as far as I remember.+ Terrain variety is a bit bigger & much more detailed automatically meaning different tactics can sometimes come to play depending on it.+ Simple to understand the game right off the bat.+ Fast paced. (This is on "-" section too)+ Every faction has it's own unique quests that are impactfulish.+ Diplomacy is easy to understand and works properly, AI will react accordingly to it.+ Replayability is a bit bigger/more fun (IMO) compared to other Total Wars on the market.Bad Stuff:- No any kind of naval battles.- Settlement sieges are pathetic, ending in mere minutes: You cannot convert a settlement into a huge fortified castle (you can upgrade garrison in it), speaking of huge, the "settlement" that gets besieged is >EXTREMELY< I repeat >EXTREMELY< small, no matter how much you upgrade your settlement it will be like attacking the SMALLEST village in any of Total War series that have a wooden wall and your ranged units as a defender are barely worth♥♥♥♥♥♥in this, and you can get no satisfaction while at it since everyone >WITHOUT< battering ram can still somehow attack the gates, it mostly comes down to who has bigger numbers in the end.- Leaders and generals/heroes are extreamlly usefull/strong. (This is on "+" section too) - Fast paced (This is on "+" section too)- Agents ARE heroes, you can embed them into an army so they act as a strong unit or you can roam the campaign map with him and assassinate stuff, decrease happiness of settlements, reduce cost of building & units (other useless stuff), the problem with this is they LITERALLY removed "merchant" (no more merchant wars on camp. map or such nodes) and "spy" agents, while this one can do SOME parts of those two it is extremely underwhelming and not NEARLY impactful as those two, and more importantly, satisfying.- You can only create an army if you have a leader, no leader no army, which means A LOT less armies on map & less fighting in general, comes down to snowballing (unless you play on Hard + diff)- Not only is campaign map extremely small compared to Medieval ones, but there is only ONE.-♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of DLCs that at least half should be free, for example "blood & gore". Yes, you have to pay extra to see blood.- "Total War: WARHAMMER 2" is right on the doors, they just couldn't make an expansion pack but a separate game in a distance of a one year. (pure $$$$$ ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t)- 60$ price tag that almost requires some DLCs for a game to be at full enjoyment, for example to play Chaos guys you need to BUY them separately for the game even though you just spat out 60$.- Settlement, province and army management on the campaign map is extremely dubbed down, in settlements you have like 5-8 buildings to build >IN TOTAL< to choose from (no thinking what one settlement will have and what not) , for a province you just select a passive bonus, and armies heal on their own with a click of a button on them.Summary:I like...ish the game but honestly I'am really disappointed they went FULL casual on the game by removing almost the meat of the Total War name. Remember that this is not worth 60$ price tag, and not in 7 hells should you buy the DLCs with it on an original price, I bought this when it was ALL like 60% down and I kiiinda like the game since I got 150+ hours on it and I still intend to play it.Last word: Make sure you buy this on big sale and ONLY if you are a strategy fan, otherwise you'll regreat it, It's a 7/10 for me (since I like strategy games) but only because there are modders out there who give away their life to fix the mistakes CA doesn't care about.
{sBc} Bane5	Recommended	10.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198015355376/	After playing this one for some time, the verdict is, yes this is a good release game with great polish.We can all relax now after the Rome 2 fiasco.
Kunar	Not Recommended	435.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198055747566/	The game is basically a demo version that will never be finished. I was a bit lost when I first bought the game one year after its release. It sparked my interest and I started following it. When I saw what the game looked like at release date, it disappointed me greatly. The game was released with a standard full price, i.e.60 euros, with 4 playable nations. A fifth nation was available as a DLC. There's also a DLC for blood effects. I'd call this game an early access, since throughout the next year, several other nations were added as quite pricey DLCs that were not very satisfactory. The biggest disappointment is the fact that there are multiple missing nations and units (just look at YouTube for the cut content). Unfortunately, SEGA only wants to make money, not good games. It's obvious that Warhammer II will be more or less the same. New default 4 races and a new map, which isn't enough for a new game I think. It would better if the second game was a big expansion pack for the first one. That way the new map could be incorporated into the already existing world. This easily could have been a GOTY material. But SEGA doesn't want a GOTY, they want money. Just as the rest of the gaming industry. The default game you get for 60 euros isn't worth the price. To really enjoy it, you need to get the DLCs. I can't say it's a bad game, but it's not jaw-dropping either. It could have been amazing, but that's just a dream. It's an insult to the books.
Suspense	Recommended	622.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/suspensesmith/	In four words; Elaborate, Epic, Fully FunctionalEverything works. This game runs beautifully just on a GTX 765m. It looks amazing even at Medium graphics. Everything feels beefy, solid, and epic. Techincally no flaws so far from what I've seen other than a little hang up at launch from overloaded servers. Yes, there's less factions than previous games. However, unlike Attila or Shogun 2 where the majority of factions are identical with a few different bonuses and units here and there, the races in this game feel like their own game by themselves due to how different they are. The content for each race is huge. Elaborate keeps coming to mind. Everything in this game is extremely elaborate. The spell system, the tech, the quests, the Legendary Lords, loot, models, world, diplomacy, new combat, everything is elaborate.Also, mod support exists but unlike previous games, I feel like Vanilla is more than enough and needs no alterations so far. However, I am looking forward to see what people make with tools. Though I feel like there's hundreds of hours of solid gameplay here before I need to start adding user made content at all. A lot of the changes provide new challenges as well and conviences in terms of flow and pacing. If you don't like some of the changes, there are mods to change the "ruleset." I only have about 10 hours right now, but I have no doubt there will be hundreds soon enough. This is good out of the gate, which means it's the best Total War game on day one ever just by sheer scope, stability, and sweet, sweet total war violence.Sidenote: For fans of the King Arthur Roleplaying War Game, this is as much of a sequel game to that series as it is to Total War. It's as if this game uses the best of both those games and melds them together. The spell and quest system seems very familiar to King Arthur fans.Minor gripe: Trees are too tall and lush. When fighting in the woods, it's hard to see your own guys without zooming in. Not sure why trees in the foreground don't turn transparent enough when blocking units, but that's the one annoyance I can think of. I've dealth with it, but it is a tad odd for those ambushers out there that like using trees. Scenery is much more pronounced than previous games which I guess leads to this odd issue. Apparently the maps are too good looking for their own good. There's worse things, I guess. Also, an army painter would have been cool. But there are mod tools, so I'll just have to learn to use those to design my own army I guess. 
Klaw	Recommended	816.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197989255290/	After a string of games that fell short, they produce a gem and even manage to capture the spirit of the old warhammer world
Izzy	Recommended	50.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Tamriel_/	Cool game, would recommend to total war and warhammer fans alike.Game runs very smooth (yes a total war game that runs smooth on launch, weird huh!), very impressed so far!
nicoletheminecraftqueen@hotmail.	Recommended	45.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/c4xmaniac/	The only reason people who are complaining are complaining for their systems not being able to run the game.I've Got a gtx 970 and an intel i5 dual core with 8gb of ram.I run the game fine, mostly ultra, high for building textures, flora textures, and ground textures.The only complaint i have for the game so far is the loading times, You might as well get a sandwich and watch an episode of law and order while you wait for your game to load.
Ace_Reiders	Recommended	160.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Ace_Reiders/	Seems really good so far. First experience with any total war game and im enjoying it. As for the current review score i'm pretty certain that's based of the fact a lot of people cant play the game so are posting negative reviews. I haven't had any issues and the game itself is great.EDIT:After over 80 hrs in game i must say i'm hooked. It seems to get deeper as time progresses as you learn how deep the battles actually are and vast strategies you can utilize to beat armies that on paper were supposed to win. The battles are truly a spectacle and the campaign will steal hours of your life away without you even noticing.All in All a fantastic game
oygn	Recommended	252.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/oygn/	When I was installing some fresh drivers for my video in order to have a best available experience with this game, I think I definitely heard a war drums playing a battlemarch one moment in my headphones.24/24 hours a day, will skip summer again.
Nitz	Recommended	237.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/NitzConquers/	Having played a few hours now, i must say that this is the best Total war game since forever. Haven't run into a single issue so far, and the games setting being in the Warhammer universe plus all of it's strategic gameplay is the best of both worlds anyone could ask of! Highly Recommended you try it if you love RTS games with a Fantasy setting.
Fear the Reaper	Recommended	46.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/skileta5/	to be fair this game is rly good i like it very much i see complains about bugs about screen freezes guys buy ♥♥♥♥ing cormal computer it runs great no lag no fps drop nothing i just didn't like fighting in towns no structures nothing just fighting on a field
Masters	Recommended	230.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/wac_em/	I don't really do reviews, but i felt like this games deserves one.As a big fan of total war, and i big fan of fantasy this game was a match made in heaven for me. i preordered thios game after seeing various streams i had to get this game. after seeing some reviews i was worried that the game may not work, but to my delight it worked perfectly, all i had to do was wait for everything to load for a while.the game runs like a charm and the new additions brings the game to life. i feel attached to my generals as everyone has their own personality, skills and gear. Collecting gear is good fun, as it adds additional reward to defeating armies in battle. Also collecting gear through quest battles is a lovely addition as it adds a optional objective to the ongoing stuggle of your world. The quests battles are also matched to your current power, so you can get a nice even battle that will truly test your skills.This combined with new units, a new world and much much more creates a fantastic experience for both veteran and new total war players.
Sea Legs	Recommended	167.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/blue--cell/	Been playing for 5hrs on high across the board on a i5 3570K 660TI and 8GB ram. No issues whatsoever no framerate drops or crashing or failure to do anything I want to do. Gameplay is great I love the simpler city building (no more sanitation, food or religion) and the heroes really do feel epic. It's the first time in a long time I've been really wowed by a TW game and already had moments when I'm just amazed by the carnage unfolding. I had my doubts before but it runs smoothly, presentation is great and the gameplay is really fun so far. AI is more challenging on normal compared to previous TW games both battles and campaign.If you're on the fence about this one, watch some youtube gameplay videos first and then if you're still interested buy it and if you have technical issues make use of the steam refund policy.
Big Snorts	Recommended	154.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/bigsnorts/	Worked on one in three of my pc's.10/10
Tobe	Recommended	257.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198004419812/	My favourite Total War game yet
Zoetrope	Recommended	458.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/efrimblack/	I want to recommend this to everyone but I am aware that the audience for this game is actually quite narrow. Total War and Grand Strategy fanatics may find it too thin and shallow, Warhammer fans may find it too slow and tedious (or not gory enough - this I would agree with even with blood and gore on). Still, for me it's the best of both worlds and while I don't always agree with how they balance units or tech - workshop support ensures that tabletop fanatics can disseminate their brands of crazy in the form of Lorehammer or Warhammer Revival. I am generally more of a 40k fan, but given that the only really great strategy game for that universe is DOW and I'm not entirely sold on the direction the series is going... well. You take what you can get. Frankly I am mostly excited for the overall vision of this planned trilogy. In theory the next two games will each add another continent with its own races and mechanics. Each game will be standalone, but if you have more than one they will all fold together into one grand campaign. I will dutifully come back and change my review if it fails to live up to expectations, but after 200 hours I can happily recommend this game on its own.For those looking for more Tabletop like rules, Lorehammer has been the main standby series of mods. I am currently keeping an eye on the brand new Warhammer Revival mod series. If anyone knows of better lore-based mods for this game not hosted on the workshop please let me know in comments. <3 
Justicar V@C	Recommended	190.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197997953228/	Games fine if a little unbalanced in campaign. Chaos incursions early and frequent to be really serious. The AI has no concept of banding together to fight off chaos invasions and it boils down to proxy wars as you use more northern cities to shield you. Not that ever lasts long because Chaos Hordes can easily outnumber the rest of the factions as they don't really rely on an economy to keep a fighting army. The game is very indepth and lovingly recreated vision of the old world but it doesn't feel like the old world. It just feels like 50 factions stuck on a map and told to get to it. None of the empires are this fractured in Warhammer and that means by turn 80'ish when Chaos is starting its invasions you'll still be fighting half the factions, while still trying to create a solid empire from the splintered heap of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥gery the AI tends to play as.But don't let my dislikes put you off, its everything you'd want from a Warhammer game and total war systems have been adapted well to the format of the old world. But you'll struggle.
Quibble McFly	Recommended	119.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198007301962/	First off, ignore my time played as I, unlike many people who have left reviews, switched to offline mode as I experienced crashing while online.  I've played for over 4 hours so far and have enjoyed every minute of it.Game looks great and, at least in my experience so far, is extremely fast paced.  Just when I think my borders are secure and I can recuperate a bit, another giant army invades and it's back to fighting!There are quite a few changes from traditional TW games that take some getting used to, from the obvious ones like heroes and monstrous units to some less obvious ones like some subtle changes to diplomacy and tech.If viewed as a traditional TW game this one may fall a little flat.  If not evidenced by the fact that 'war' is in the title twice, this game is about battles.  If you're looking for a slow, methodical campaign this may not be for you.  You will be constantly on your toes either planning your next attack or scrambling to defend an unguarded city.IF you meet the minimum specs and IF you like TW type games or WH, buy it.  Worst case you don't like it and get a refund.
valentiino	Recommended	91.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/valentiino/	gameplay10/10nvidia 0/10 
Anxiety PRIME	Recommended	392.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ironwarrior117/	I have been waiting years for this game. ever since i played total war for the first time. If you like one of these things. RTS, Warhammer, Smashing Faces, Being a Vampire, Yelling WAAAAGHH before every action you do, Letting the Darks gods guide you on an unholy crusade to conquer the old world, Having a moustache and lots of muskets, Being short living in mountains and Drinking out of cannons. Then you will enjoy this game.
I, Corgi	Recommended	158.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/dashingdorm/	Warhammer is a great installment in Total War series, promoting universal values (surely everyone can sympathize with a Chaos Giant biting some unlucky dwarf's head off). Way back when I was a kid playing original Shogun (I'm not old, shut up, I'll gut you!), commanding sprite samurai, I thought: "Well, it's all nice and good, but it'd be cooler with a huge dragon and a fireball or two". It took Creative Assembly long enough. Battles in WH are effortlessly spectacular: waves of Greenskins charge steam tanks, Wind of Death spell dismembers rows of Empire's pikemen (this spell's animation is quite cute, by the way, you can even see its victims' souls flying away, ripped from their their vessels), cyclopean Treemen brawl with Dragon Ogres, and, most importantly, trolls vomit on Dwarfen infantry  Battles sometimes feel too fast-paced, I prefer to zoom in on the action in TW games, here I usually have to load a replay if I want to watch the fight in detail without sacrificing efficient unit control. But then again, the fact that I often take my time to watch the replay testifies to how glorious the sight is. Strategic layer is, admittedly, simplified, compared to other TW titles. There's no sanitation, religion and other stuff to manage, but, on the other hand, all races are unique, accompanied by their own mechanics. Spreading vampire corruption on strategic map (the map itself is quite detailed and memorable), for instance, is not only crucial when playing Vampire Counts, but also visually satisfying. There's also a new loot system and expanded skill trees to level your lords. Chaos Invasion is a fairly good late game crisis mechanic, on very hard difficulty various campaigns felt challenging enough throughout whole playthrough, which is rare in 4X-ish titles.  And yes, there's a wagon (or, rather, a corpse cart *wink-wink*) of arguably overpriced dlc, but, frankly, at this point most competing games are loaded with it. Civilization is, Paradox titles most certainly are. EDIT: not to defend the shameful practice of paywalling day one content (Chaos Warriors), and dlc pricing in general. I waited for a fantasy-themed Total War for a decade and a half, and it was mostly worth the wait. Wish I wasn't that goddamn old, though.
S1MME	Recommended	1,864.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198073985816/	My favorite Total War yet. Each faction has it's own units and playstyle. Some people say that 4 factions in the base game isn't enough, they are wrong. I would rather have 4 completly different factions than 10 factions that are pretty much identical.Not gonna write a long review because there is nothing I can say that hasn't already been said
PhatPigeon	Recommended	679.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197997389140/	- Turn 1: Begin my Dwarven empire- Turn 21: Spread empire and began creating a massive army- Turn 50: Hear of Chaos invasion- Turn 61: Allies declare war and I ready my army- Turn 84: Conquering the badlands expecting my allies to deal with the Chaos threat- Turn 126: Empire of man is destroied, and the Chaos invade.- Turn 134: Due to neglect, my southern provinces start to rebel. - Turn 164: Caught between Chaos, Chaos Rebels, and Orcs my capital stands alone.- Turn 184: My capital falls.- After wasting 10+ hours on a failing campaign, losing 50+ battles and being conquered at every turn all I could do was smile and start over.10/10 most beautiful, entertaining, and engaging strategy game I have ever had the joy of playing.
DonaldTrumpOfficial	Recommended	41.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198008084960/	As a kid I used to paint and collect Warhammer. I would imagine my warriors battle hoardes of Orcs and Chaos as I played against my brother and my friends. Great heroes and huge, sprawling battles raged in my mind. My brother's Empire troops standing bravely against my vampire hoarde!The only place I could actually see something akin to these battles was through the Total War franchise with Rome Total War which we also used to play together. Ambushing his Roman column with Gaulic warriors!I have waited twelve years for this pairing to come along. Even since I heard the announcements I have been eagerly waiting. Despite all of that pressure, the game did not disappoint. The battles that I dreamed of seeing as a kid are coming to life before my eyes. I now live in the USA and my brother is still in England.  We are playing our cooperative campaign to recreate those same rivalries, stories and memories that we would make with our models on our kitchen table as kids. Technology like this makes life better. Three thousand miles apart and yet thanks to this platform we can feel that same joy and excitement that we did back then.10/10 would make more childhood dreams come true
Skaven Hunter	Recommended	1,172.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198073459080/	Ok so after having played every faction and won on very hard or lengendary (I have a lot of time, not currently working) my personal opinion is this is the best Total war game made so far, previously Shogun 2 was my favorite. I've read some of the negative reviews and I disagree with them for the following reasons. 1) Each faction's play style is vastly different and more different than in any other total war game. Although I loved Shogun 2, at the end of the day each faction you use the same units. Here not only is each faction's units very different, the way you accumulate resources is different. Orcs you have to sack a lot of cities and raid, and you get bonus Waargh! armies if you fight a lot. Empire is a mix of Cavalry, artillery and magic. Vampire is mainly magic based. Dwarves has the best artillery but no cavs, sucks when those stumpy legs have to chase enemies down at the end. Chaos, you have roving mobile bases embedded into your army and you have to constantly sack and raze cities. 2) Gaming experience for each faction is very different. Chaos is the hardest, as soon as you build your second horde the entire world wants to kill you, you basically have to run and sack cities until you get strong enough. Empire is also very hard, you get attacked constantly starting from about turn 35 from chaos and barbarian tribes. Dwarves and orcs are in similar starting positions and very sheltered so if you survive the beginning when everyone's declaring war then it's easy. Vampires are also easy because chaos and the barbarians ignore them until the end. 3) The game is much harder than previous total war games. I've read a lot of negative reviews where people complain that they get wiped out by chaos playing Empire. Dude, THAT'S THE POINT! They're out to wipe out the world! I can't believe people cry about the game being too hard, if it were too easy then people would complain it was too easy. AI is much smarter now, thank God we don't have the mess from Rome 2 again. It's much harder to get the enemy army units to flee on harder difficulty settings. Again people have complained about this. Well, then play easy, I've tried easy and it's like the other total war games, the enemy breaks easily. But if you play very hard or legendary then you have to fight a perfect battle to win if the odds are against you even slightly. 4) Quest battles. Each of the legendary lords have their own quests which if you win gives you an item. Although not important for winning for a faction it adds a new fun element to the game. Only downside to the game mechanics which I agree with some negative reviews is that the battles are too quick. Which means unless you're really winning you don't have time to zoom in and watch the cool units doing their thing. But I think the battles were made shorter again to make it harder, you have to micro fast to get units into the right position to win. If watching cool graphics is your thing then play on easy, allows for more time to watch the show. This is a challenging game. Not everyone's made out to be a general. The ones who are not cry. Really? A game where everyone's out to kill you and you want a walk in the park instead? Go play on easy, the easy setting is there for a reason. So big thumbs up from me for the vastly different play styles of each faction which allows for replayability and the difficulty.(btw if you're amazed at how much time I've logged in this game, it's because I keep the game running even when I'm out shopping or in the other room watching movies. You're welcome to read the comments section though to see how many aholes there are in this world though who feel like they need to judge and bully people. The funny thing is most are gamers with a lot more games on their accounts than mine)
Pascus Rex	Recommended	142.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198185978523/	I am SO glad I gave this Series another chance! Never played anything Warhammer. Played all Total War games.Wasn't happy with the Series after Shogun 2. I wanted my Medieval 2 with better graphics, new units, epic battles and new diplomatic options. My thoughts: "Well, I just buy TW Warhammer and play as the Empire, it'll be kind of like what I want I guess...got no other options anyway and it's on sale."HOLY CRAP WHAT HAVE I GOTTEN MYSELF INTO!?The battles look ♥♥♥♥ING AWESOME, the units REALLY interact (finishers and beheadings and everything) and not just stand there stare at each other. The campaign has SO MANY factions and you can have real alliances and confederations and it's not just siege after siege after siege and random crap from the AI. The campaign map is really diverse and the races play very different.This is now my favourite game of the last couple of years.JUST TRY (without any dlc) and see if it's the same for you.
Sgt. Lillard	Recommended	225.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198065186325/	I want to start by saying that I have been a fan of Warhammer since I was 8 years old and my stepdad brought over some Lizardmen miniatures for me to play with while he wooed my mom.  I have collected several armies over the years, played many games, and given up hours upon hours to reading the novels, looking at the lore, and writing my own adventures in the Old World and beyond.  This is and has been my favorite fantasy setting since I was a child.  No other world brings all of the greatest fantasy elements together, ties them into an awesome renaissance era, and then adds in death and despair (and crack-addicted ratmen!) by the truckload quite like Games Workshop has with Warhammer.  Before you write the rest of this review off as the ramblings of a fanboy, I want you to realize that this absolute love of Warhammer has lead me to hold everything done with IP to the absolute highest standards.  I have played every ♥♥♥♥♥♥ video game that I can find with the Warhammer logo and been grossly disappointed with all of them, with the exception of Vermintide which scratches a completely different itch.  Since I was eight years old I have wanted a video game that let me control The Emperors armies, a game that let me see the Old World in all of it's beautiful, deadly detail.  Every new Warhammer game I've seen has raised my hopes that this is the game that will let me do that, this is the game that will bring the ridiculously overpriced tabeltop miniatures to life.  Every new game has let me down, until now.Mechanically, this is one solid piece of clockwork.  The game is wonderfully optimized, I run it with everything set to ultra and I have yet to see so much as a stutter in my 30 hours, and I do NOT have a top of the line PC.  The graphics are great (for a Total War game), and the special effects and monsters all look stunning.   Campaign mechanics have been streamlined and simplified to make the empire building aspect of the Total War series fun and less of a hassle.  No longer do you have to worry about food, or sanitation, fertility.  Public order is now the only number the player must keep track of.  No longer do you have to look at a building and decide if the -12 public order is worth the 10% increase to your soldier's armor.  Now buildings either let you recruit units or give you positive effects.  That isn't to say that it makes empire building easier, just less of a chore.  You still need to plan out your building slots rather well, as you only have a select few in each province.New mechanics are brought into the campaign map as well, and these are well done and add a nice, new layer to the depth presented by the game.  One of these is corruption.  Certain factions bring corruption to the lands.  This is generally done slowly and with little notice until it seems all at once that it hits you.  Corruption brings about public order penalties to factions that don't use them, as well as attrition for their armies.  This can be countered by certain buildings and heroes.  Sieges have been revamped, so now instead of attacking the entire city you only attack a single stretch of the walls.  While it makes the battles simpler, it also allows for the AI to stand with the player on even footing, and it makes the sieges more fun.  In Rome 2 and Attila I found myself auto-resolving almost every single siege because of how lackluster and boring they were.  In TW:Warhammer I don't auto-resolve sieges at all, because they are fun and exciting.  It's fantastic watching my units of Orcs fight for supremecy on the Dwarven walls.Speaking of heroes, they are the replacer for agents.  On the campaign map they are exactly like the agents of old, however they have a new ability, and that is the action that lets them join an army.  When embedded into an army, a hero fights on the battle map along with the army, and they are awesome.  They look great and have awesome special abilities to boot.  Lords replace the generals, and are much better.  They stand alone, but are tougher and more resilient than the general's units of past games.  They also collect followers, weapons, armor, and gear that can all be equippied to them and the heroes of your choosing.The AI is much smarter than previous Total War games, though that's not to say that it doesn't act stupid at times.  All too often have I requested peace from a faction, just to be denied and then offered peace and a fat purse for accepting the offer a turn later.  It makes no sense.  On the battlefield the AI is a lot smarter as well, able to use the new units just as well if not better than me at times.  Speaking of the new units...Warhammer fits in perfect with Total War.  Most of the new creatures and units are incredibly detailed, and bring about new facets to the battlefield.  Flying units, giant monsters and magic are all welcome editions to the age old Total War formula, and they fit in so well.  Battlefields are so much more intense when there are steam tanks fighting dragons than they ever could be with Romans fighting Carthagenians.  That's not to say that battles got a lot more complicated, either.  The special abilities of units (like spearwalls for hoplites) have been removed, with spearmen bracing themselves against charges automatically if they're standing still.  This is good, because the special abilities that Lords, Heroes, Wizards, and magic items can be complicated enough when you have a lot of them, and sometimes can turn into micro-managing hell.  While battles are still complex, chaotic messes, it's at least manageable given all that is going on.The five factions are all unique, both on the campaign map and the battle map, which adds a lot of replayability to the game.  I've read complaints that the end-game is repetitive because all factions have to beat Chaos back to the wastes at the end, but I don't really know what else they were expecting.  Chaos has always been the big bad of the Warhammer World, so it makes sense that a finale would consist of beating them down, hard.  All in all, well done.Now, for all of the praise, this game still has it's negatives, but they are few and far between.  The biggest issue seems to be with balance.  Some damage spells are extremely powerful, able to wipe out high-tier units with a single cast, while most aren't even worth their casting cost at all.  Agent actions are also overpowered, doing huge amounts of damage to entire armies while costing very little.There are other things that bother me, too, when it comes to staying with the lore of the world.  The minor human nations have been extremely generalized, receiving mostly reskinned Empire units.  This is sad, because these nations are important to the lore.  While I understand that they're not nor will they be playable, that doesn't mean that on the campaign map they shouldn't be fleshed out even a little.  I mean come on, Kislev doesn't even get the Tsarina Katerina as their leader, instead they recieve a generic Empire lord! Certain locations also don't receive the attention that they should.  Certain Empire cities are supposed to be works of art, yet are just generic versions of each other.  Dwarfen holds aren't even close to how they're described in the lore.  Also, factions are missing entire chunks of their rosters, which I'm willing to bet will be added with DLC.  I'm not even upset about that, because I'm used to GW practices of nickel and diming you, so that was to be expected.  The game even has mod support, something I never thought possible with GW involved.  The game isn't perfect, but CA has worked very hard for a very long time to make it what it is, and it is great.  You can immediately tell the amount of love that the game has been given, and if more games were given this amount of attention to detail, we would all live in a better place with better games.9.5 out of 10, Great job Creative Assembly
Croby	Recommended	144.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198044277251/	Atrocious DLC policy...
Ïn	Recommended	27.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TornMystic/	ITS $12 ON HUMBLE BUNDLE UNTIL MARCH!!!!! IF YOU ARE THINKING AT ALL OF GETTING THIS, NOW IS YOUR CHANCE!!!Edit : You can't say this ain't worth $12.  You get the game instantly, and another 4-5 games near the end of the month. It's a monthly subscribtion that can be canceled so dont worry about paying for another month you dont want. And some of the money goes to charity.  Haters madI also bought this at launch for full price too. P.S. The game is really funSomeone pointed out to me that there is a referral code damn i coulda got like tons of money but its not too late so if you get this please put in https://www.humblebundle.com/monthly♥♥♥♥♥♥KuaVY8 for the referral it will help me out alot thank you
Hooloovoo	Recommended	871.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198042758483/	Usually I am too lazy to write reviews. But right now I am slightly drunk and feel the sudden urge to express myself. Because of that, and since the gloomy "Mixed" on top of this page bothered me for some time now, I decided to do something about that.If you are not a fan of reading more than five sentences at a time, better stop right now and  just trust the big "Recommended" atop this review. Or decide that I am not trustworthy and smash the dislike button, I don't really care. First off, I played every Total War game since Rome and enjoyed most of them, even the universally hated Rome II (at least after a year of patches). Usually I kept to playing campaigns; custom battles, be it single- or multiplayer, never really tickled my fancy. On the other hand, I never really got into Warhammer before, thus I was skeptical at best when I heard about this game. But yet I bought it shortly after release as a despereate attempt to get out of my post-Witcher 3 depression. Surprisingly, I was not dissatisified.The biggest asset of this game, in my opinion, is the diversity of the playable races. For one, each faction has some unique mechanics which nicely blend in with the whole setting; orcs accumulate "fightiness" to get free Waaagh-armies, vampires can instantly summon whole armies from the dead, etc. Secondly, each faction focuses on different unit types, far more extremely than in every previous Total War game, where I basically played all factions mostly the same. For example, dwarves feature a batch of armored units with big guns and heavy infantry but without any cavalry while vampires completely renounce ranged combat and instead rush hordes of zombies, skeletons and monsters into the enemy. Then there is the addition of flying units and magic. I initally feared that this would be impossible to bring into accordance with classical Total War combat, but the developers somehow managed to balance those features pretty well. Magic is useful but not overpowered, flying units are dangerous if kept unchecked, yet there are effective ways to defend against them. So you basically get new possibilities to fight your battles without making traditional strategies obsolete.Still, the game is definitely not flawless (as you might have already guessed reading some of the other reviews). The campaign AI is crappy as ever, always trying to get a single win but never planning two steps ahead. Diplomacy has not seen much improvement either, which is also mainly an AI problem; alliances don't mean much, non aggression pacts are broken with no repercussions, suitable trade partners are hard to come by. I nearly almost end up being at war with everyone.Furthermore, many aspects of the campaign gameplay were simplified compared to previous Total War games, which is however not necesserily a bad thing. Being honest, Total war games were (as far as I remember) never really deep in terms of economy, city building and politics. So, if you are looking especially for those features and don't care much about the real time battles, this is probably not the right game for you.At last, a few words regarding all the DLC hate: Yup, they are overpriced, but they still sell. Therefore big greedy Publishers like SEGA will continue this trend and ignore your pretty middle finger comments. Just don't buy them, if you don't want to support that, no one forces you. Or wait for a nice sale. The base game is nonetheless worth it and occasionally there are some free goodies.There are many more points I could get into, positive ones (lords, heroes, quest battles, campaign map, ...) as well as negative ones (no naval combat, simplified battle maps, unaccurate auto-resolve, ...), but I have the feeling that I was getting too verbose already. There's probably a reason I don't write reviews.All in all I will now just conclude that this is definitely my favorite Total War game so far, and, regarding the battles, probably the most entertaining strategy game I know.So if you read all this: I am sorry. If not: Didn't I tell you to go away with my fourth sentence?
I, Corgi	Recommended	158.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/dashingdorm/	Warhammer is a great installment in Total War series, promoting universal values (surely everyone can sympathize with a Chaos Giant biting some unlucky dwarf's head off). Way back when I was a kid playing original Shogun (I'm not old, shut up, I'll gut you!), commanding sprite samurai, I thought: "Well, it's all nice and good, but it'd be cooler with a huge dragon and a fireball or two". It took Creative Assembly long enough. Battles in WH are effortlessly spectacular: waves of Greenskins charge steam tanks, Wind of Death spell dismembers rows of Empire's pikemen (this spell's animation is quite cute, by the way, you can even see its victims' souls flying away, ripped from their their vessels), cyclopean Treemen brawl with Dragon Ogres, and, most importantly, trolls vomit on Dwarfen infantry  Battles sometimes feel too fast-paced, I prefer to zoom in on the action in TW games, here I usually have to load a replay if I want to watch the fight in detail without sacrificing efficient unit control. But then again, the fact that I often take my time to watch the replay testifies to how glorious the sight is. Strategic layer is, admittedly, simplified, compared to other TW titles. There's no sanitation, religion and other stuff to manage, but, on the other hand, all races are unique, accompanied by their own mechanics. Spreading vampire corruption on strategic map (the map itself is quite detailed and memorable), for instance, is not only crucial when playing Vampire Counts, but also visually satisfying. There's also a new loot system and expanded skill trees to level your lords. Chaos Invasion is a fairly good late game crisis mechanic, on very hard difficulty various campaigns felt challenging enough throughout whole playthrough, which is rare in 4X-ish titles.  And yes, there's a wagon (or, rather, a corpse cart *wink-wink*) of arguably overpriced dlc, but, frankly, at this point most competing games are loaded with it. Civilization is, Paradox titles most certainly are. EDIT: not to defend the shameful practice of paywalling day one content (Chaos Warriors), and dlc pricing in general. I waited for a fantasy-themed Total War for a decade and a half, and it was mostly worth the wait. Wish I wasn't that goddamn old, though.
S1MME	Recommended	1,864.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198073985816/	My favorite Total War yet. Each faction has it's own units and playstyle. Some people say that 4 factions in the base game isn't enough, they are wrong. I would rather have 4 completly different factions than 10 factions that are pretty much identical.Not gonna write a long review because there is nothing I can say that hasn't already been said
PhatPigeon	Recommended	679.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197997389140/	- Turn 1: Begin my Dwarven empire- Turn 21: Spread empire and began creating a massive army- Turn 50: Hear of Chaos invasion- Turn 61: Allies declare war and I ready my army- Turn 84: Conquering the badlands expecting my allies to deal with the Chaos threat- Turn 126: Empire of man is destroied, and the Chaos invade.- Turn 134: Due to neglect, my southern provinces start to rebel. - Turn 164: Caught between Chaos, Chaos Rebels, and Orcs my capital stands alone.- Turn 184: My capital falls.- After wasting 10+ hours on a failing campaign, losing 50+ battles and being conquered at every turn all I could do was smile and start over.10/10 most beautiful, entertaining, and engaging strategy game I have ever had the joy of playing.
DonaldTrumpOfficial	Recommended	41.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198008084960/	As a kid I used to paint and collect Warhammer. I would imagine my warriors battle hoardes of Orcs and Chaos as I played against my brother and my friends. Great heroes and huge, sprawling battles raged in my mind. My brother's Empire troops standing bravely against my vampire hoarde!The only place I could actually see something akin to these battles was through the Total War franchise with Rome Total War which we also used to play together. Ambushing his Roman column with Gaulic warriors!I have waited twelve years for this pairing to come along. Even since I heard the announcements I have been eagerly waiting. Despite all of that pressure, the game did not disappoint. The battles that I dreamed of seeing as a kid are coming to life before my eyes. I now live in the USA and my brother is still in England.  We are playing our cooperative campaign to recreate those same rivalries, stories and memories that we would make with our models on our kitchen table as kids. Technology like this makes life better. Three thousand miles apart and yet thanks to this platform we can feel that same joy and excitement that we did back then.10/10 would make more childhood dreams come true
Skaven Hunter	Recommended	1,172.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198073459080/	Ok so after having played every faction and won on very hard or lengendary (I have a lot of time, not currently working) my personal opinion is this is the best Total war game made so far, previously Shogun 2 was my favorite. I've read some of the negative reviews and I disagree with them for the following reasons. 1) Each faction's play style is vastly different and more different than in any other total war game. Although I loved Shogun 2, at the end of the day each faction you use the same units. Here not only is each faction's units very different, the way you accumulate resources is different. Orcs you have to sack a lot of cities and raid, and you get bonus Waargh! armies if you fight a lot. Empire is a mix of Cavalry, artillery and magic. Vampire is mainly magic based. Dwarves has the best artillery but no cavs, sucks when those stumpy legs have to chase enemies down at the end. Chaos, you have roving mobile bases embedded into your army and you have to constantly sack and raze cities. 2) Gaming experience for each faction is very different. Chaos is the hardest, as soon as you build your second horde the entire world wants to kill you, you basically have to run and sack cities until you get strong enough. Empire is also very hard, you get attacked constantly starting from about turn 35 from chaos and barbarian tribes. Dwarves and orcs are in similar starting positions and very sheltered so if you survive the beginning when everyone's declaring war then it's easy. Vampires are also easy because chaos and the barbarians ignore them until the end. 3) The game is much harder than previous total war games. I've read a lot of negative reviews where people complain that they get wiped out by chaos playing Empire. Dude, THAT'S THE POINT! They're out to wipe out the world! I can't believe people cry about the game being too hard, if it were too easy then people would complain it was too easy. AI is much smarter now, thank God we don't have the mess from Rome 2 again. It's much harder to get the enemy army units to flee on harder difficulty settings. Again people have complained about this. Well, then play easy, I've tried easy and it's like the other total war games, the enemy breaks easily. But if you play very hard or legendary then you have to fight a perfect battle to win if the odds are against you even slightly. 4) Quest battles. Each of the legendary lords have their own quests which if you win gives you an item. Although not important for winning for a faction it adds a new fun element to the game. Only downside to the game mechanics which I agree with some negative reviews is that the battles are too quick. Which means unless you're really winning you don't have time to zoom in and watch the cool units doing their thing. But I think the battles were made shorter again to make it harder, you have to micro fast to get units into the right position to win. If watching cool graphics is your thing then play on easy, allows for more time to watch the show. This is a challenging game. Not everyone's made out to be a general. The ones who are not cry. Really? A game where everyone's out to kill you and you want a walk in the park instead? Go play on easy, the easy setting is there for a reason. So big thumbs up from me for the vastly different play styles of each faction which allows for replayability and the difficulty.(btw if you're amazed at how much time I've logged in this game, it's because I keep the game running even when I'm out shopping or in the other room watching movies. You're welcome to read the comments section though to see how many aholes there are in this world though who feel like they need to judge and bully people. The funny thing is most are gamers with a lot more games on their accounts than mine)
Pascus Rex	Recommended	142.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198185978523/	I am SO glad I gave this Series another chance! Never played anything Warhammer. Played all Total War games.Wasn't happy with the Series after Shogun 2. I wanted my Medieval 2 with better graphics, new units, epic battles and new diplomatic options. My thoughts: "Well, I just buy TW Warhammer and play as the Empire, it'll be kind of like what I want I guess...got no other options anyway and it's on sale."HOLY CRAP WHAT HAVE I GOTTEN MYSELF INTO!?The battles look ♥♥♥♥ING AWESOME, the units REALLY interact (finishers and beheadings and everything) and not just stand there stare at each other. The campaign has SO MANY factions and you can have real alliances and confederations and it's not just siege after siege after siege and random crap from the AI. The campaign map is really diverse and the races play very different.This is now my favourite game of the last couple of years.JUST TRY (without any dlc) and see if it's the same for you.
Sgt. Lillard	Recommended	225.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198065186325/	I want to start by saying that I have been a fan of Warhammer since I was 8 years old and my stepdad brought over some Lizardmen miniatures for me to play with while he wooed my mom.  I have collected several armies over the years, played many games, and given up hours upon hours to reading the novels, looking at the lore, and writing my own adventures in the Old World and beyond.  This is and has been my favorite fantasy setting since I was a child.  No other world brings all of the greatest fantasy elements together, ties them into an awesome renaissance era, and then adds in death and despair (and crack-addicted ratmen!) by the truckload quite like Games Workshop has with Warhammer.  Before you write the rest of this review off as the ramblings of a fanboy, I want you to realize that this absolute love of Warhammer has lead me to hold everything done with IP to the absolute highest standards.  I have played every ♥♥♥♥♥♥ video game that I can find with the Warhammer logo and been grossly disappointed with all of them, with the exception of Vermintide which scratches a completely different itch.  Since I was eight years old I have wanted a video game that let me control The Emperors armies, a game that let me see the Old World in all of it's beautiful, deadly detail.  Every new Warhammer game I've seen has raised my hopes that this is the game that will let me do that, this is the game that will bring the ridiculously overpriced tabeltop miniatures to life.  Every new game has let me down, until now.Mechanically, this is one solid piece of clockwork.  The game is wonderfully optimized, I run it with everything set to ultra and I have yet to see so much as a stutter in my 30 hours, and I do NOT have a top of the line PC.  The graphics are great (for a Total War game), and the special effects and monsters all look stunning.   Campaign mechanics have been streamlined and simplified to make the empire building aspect of the Total War series fun and less of a hassle.  No longer do you have to worry about food, or sanitation, fertility.  Public order is now the only number the player must keep track of.  No longer do you have to look at a building and decide if the -12 public order is worth the 10% increase to your soldier's armor.  Now buildings either let you recruit units or give you positive effects.  That isn't to say that it makes empire building easier, just less of a chore.  You still need to plan out your building slots rather well, as you only have a select few in each province.New mechanics are brought into the campaign map as well, and these are well done and add a nice, new layer to the depth presented by the game.  One of these is corruption.  Certain factions bring corruption to the lands.  This is generally done slowly and with little notice until it seems all at once that it hits you.  Corruption brings about public order penalties to factions that don't use them, as well as attrition for their armies.  This can be countered by certain buildings and heroes.  Sieges have been revamped, so now instead of attacking the entire city you only attack a single stretch of the walls.  While it makes the battles simpler, it also allows for the AI to stand with the player on even footing, and it makes the sieges more fun.  In Rome 2 and Attila I found myself auto-resolving almost every single siege because of how lackluster and boring they were.  In TW:Warhammer I don't auto-resolve sieges at all, because they are fun and exciting.  It's fantastic watching my units of Orcs fight for supremecy on the Dwarven walls.Speaking of heroes, they are the replacer for agents.  On the campaign map they are exactly like the agents of old, however they have a new ability, and that is the action that lets them join an army.  When embedded into an army, a hero fights on the battle map along with the army, and they are awesome.  They look great and have awesome special abilities to boot.  Lords replace the generals, and are much better.  They stand alone, but are tougher and more resilient than the general's units of past games.  They also collect followers, weapons, armor, and gear that can all be equippied to them and the heroes of your choosing.The AI is much smarter than previous Total War games, though that's not to say that it doesn't act stupid at times.  All too often have I requested peace from a faction, just to be denied and then offered peace and a fat purse for accepting the offer a turn later.  It makes no sense.  On the battlefield the AI is a lot smarter as well, able to use the new units just as well if not better than me at times.  Speaking of the new units...Warhammer fits in perfect with Total War.  Most of the new creatures and units are incredibly detailed, and bring about new facets to the battlefield.  Flying units, giant monsters and magic are all welcome editions to the age old Total War formula, and they fit in so well.  Battlefields are so much more intense when there are steam tanks fighting dragons than they ever could be with Romans fighting Carthagenians.  That's not to say that battles got a lot more complicated, either.  The special abilities of units (like spearwalls for hoplites) have been removed, with spearmen bracing themselves against charges automatically if they're standing still.  This is good, because the special abilities that Lords, Heroes, Wizards, and magic items can be complicated enough when you have a lot of them, and sometimes can turn into micro-managing hell.  While battles are still complex, chaotic messes, it's at least manageable given all that is going on.The five factions are all unique, both on the campaign map and the battle map, which adds a lot of replayability to the game.  I've read complaints that the end-game is repetitive because all factions have to beat Chaos back to the wastes at the end, but I don't really know what else they were expecting.  Chaos has always been the big bad of the Warhammer World, so it makes sense that a finale would consist of beating them down, hard.  All in all, well done.Now, for all of the praise, this game still has it's negatives, but they are few and far between.  The biggest issue seems to be with balance.  Some damage spells are extremely powerful, able to wipe out high-tier units with a single cast, while most aren't even worth their casting cost at all.  Agent actions are also overpowered, doing huge amounts of damage to entire armies while costing very little.There are other things that bother me, too, when it comes to staying with the lore of the world.  The minor human nations have been extremely generalized, receiving mostly reskinned Empire units.  This is sad, because these nations are important to the lore.  While I understand that they're not nor will they be playable, that doesn't mean that on the campaign map they shouldn't be fleshed out even a little.  I mean come on, Kislev doesn't even get the Tsarina Katerina as their leader, instead they recieve a generic Empire lord! Certain locations also don't receive the attention that they should.  Certain Empire cities are supposed to be works of art, yet are just generic versions of each other.  Dwarfen holds aren't even close to how they're described in the lore.  Also, factions are missing entire chunks of their rosters, which I'm willing to bet will be added with DLC.  I'm not even upset about that, because I'm used to GW practices of nickel and diming you, so that was to be expected.  The game even has mod support, something I never thought possible with GW involved.  The game isn't perfect, but CA has worked very hard for a very long time to make it what it is, and it is great.  You can immediately tell the amount of love that the game has been given, and if more games were given this amount of attention to detail, we would all live in a better place with better games.9.5 out of 10, Great job Creative Assembly
Croby	Recommended	144.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198044277251/	Atrocious DLC policy...
Ïn	Recommended	27.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TornMystic/	ITS $12 ON HUMBLE BUNDLE UNTIL MARCH!!!!! IF YOU ARE THINKING AT ALL OF GETTING THIS, NOW IS YOUR CHANCE!!!Edit : You can't say this ain't worth $12.  You get the game instantly, and another 4-5 games near the end of the month. It's a monthly subscribtion that can be canceled so dont worry about paying for another month you dont want. And some of the money goes to charity.  Haters madI also bought this at launch for full price too. P.S. The game is really funSomeone pointed out to me that there is a referral code damn i coulda got like tons of money but its not too late so if you get this please put in https://www.humblebundle.com/monthly♥♥♥♥♥♥KuaVY8 for the referral it will help me out alot thank you
Hooloovoo	Recommended	871.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198042758483/	Usually I am too lazy to write reviews. But right now I am slightly drunk and feel the sudden urge to express myself. Because of that, and since the gloomy "Mixed" on top of this page bothered me for some time now, I decided to do something about that.If you are not a fan of reading more than five sentences at a time, better stop right now and  just trust the big "Recommended" atop this review. Or decide that I am not trustworthy and smash the dislike button, I don't really care. First off, I played every Total War game since Rome and enjoyed most of them, even the universally hated Rome II (at least after a year of patches). Usually I kept to playing campaigns; custom battles, be it single- or multiplayer, never really tickled my fancy. On the other hand, I never really got into Warhammer before, thus I was skeptical at best when I heard about this game. But yet I bought it shortly after release as a despereate attempt to get out of my post-Witcher 3 depression. Surprisingly, I was not dissatisified.The biggest asset of this game, in my opinion, is the diversity of the playable races. For one, each faction has some unique mechanics which nicely blend in with the whole setting; orcs accumulate "fightiness" to get free Waaagh-armies, vampires can instantly summon whole armies from the dead, etc. Secondly, each faction focuses on different unit types, far more extremely than in every previous Total War game, where I basically played all factions mostly the same. For example, dwarves feature a batch of armored units with big guns and heavy infantry but without any cavalry while vampires completely renounce ranged combat and instead rush hordes of zombies, skeletons and monsters into the enemy. Then there is the addition of flying units and magic. I initally feared that this would be impossible to bring into accordance with classical Total War combat, but the developers somehow managed to balance those features pretty well. Magic is useful but not overpowered, flying units are dangerous if kept unchecked, yet there are effective ways to defend against them. So you basically get new possibilities to fight your battles without making traditional strategies obsolete.Still, the game is definitely not flawless (as you might have already guessed reading some of the other reviews). The campaign AI is crappy as ever, always trying to get a single win but never planning two steps ahead. Diplomacy has not seen much improvement either, which is also mainly an AI problem; alliances don't mean much, non aggression pacts are broken with no repercussions, suitable trade partners are hard to come by. I nearly almost end up being at war with everyone.Furthermore, many aspects of the campaign gameplay were simplified compared to previous Total War games, which is however not necesserily a bad thing. Being honest, Total war games were (as far as I remember) never really deep in terms of economy, city building and politics. So, if you are looking especially for those features and don't care much about the real time battles, this is probably not the right game for you.At last, a few words regarding all the DLC hate: Yup, they are overpriced, but they still sell. Therefore big greedy Publishers like SEGA will continue this trend and ignore your pretty middle finger comments. Just don't buy them, if you don't want to support that, no one forces you. Or wait for a nice sale. The base game is nonetheless worth it and occasionally there are some free goodies.There are many more points I could get into, positive ones (lords, heroes, quest battles, campaign map, ...) as well as negative ones (no naval combat, simplified battle maps, unaccurate auto-resolve, ...), but I have the feeling that I was getting too verbose already. There's probably a reason I don't write reviews.All in all I will now just conclude that this is definitely my favorite Total War game so far, and, regarding the battles, probably the most entertaining strategy game I know.So if you read all this: I am sorry. If not: Didn't I tell you to go away with my fourth sentence?
Major Moolah (abides)	Recommended	218.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/muchmuchmoney/	They say war never changes but that universal truth does not apply to Total War. The series has the well-known core gameplay of a campaign map and isometric army clashes. This has changed relatively little over the years, but it has evolved considerably. I found the series in the Medieval times and remained a dedicated fan up to Shogun 2. With Attila and Rome 2 I felt the long-standing flaws, franchise fatigue and general DLC policy had finally ended the war for me. Sometimes it is good to be wrong: the matrimony of the two titans in the game title is a blessed one indeed.On the surface things are the same as before: you still recruit a general and a stack of 20 units for him and build up your cities to climb the tech tree and pay for the proceedings. The surface is where all old familiarity ends, however. All the core systems have been changed, but not for the sake of changing, as often happens in old, succesful series. Take agents, for example. In Empire you would stack them in universities and forget them there. Now you can build them for campaign map support or helping your Lord in combat and give them followers and magic items familiar from the table-top. This familiar RPG system feels so fresh here, I hope Total War will never let go of it. The spirit of carefully weighed innovation is present in all things. Your provinces are made up of a capital citadel and 1-3 settlements and building them into a web of benefits is challenging, rewarding and above all fun. With Total War: Warhammer, you get to feel like a true head of state, making plans for a payoff as in nowhere else.With many other Total Wars, Empire in particular, the AI had great difficulties in building intelligent armies and leading them into battle. No more. The Great Powers can put up a good fight on Normal and become true headaches on Very Hard and Legendary. The battles with piling corpses look fantastic, as usual, but you can feel how the change from history to fantasy has liberated Creative Assembly's collective imaginations. The addition of flying units and sorcerers feels new, but organic, like long-awaited additions. Warhammer Fantasy also has such a deep fount of lore and history to draw from and CA has truly embraced the creation. All the little details feel tasteful and correct, completely in place. The factions above all are what makes TW:W the diamond it is. All of them play unique and feel balanced. Even better than this, the quest systems, Legendar Lords and general feuds mean great opportunity for emergent storytelling. In my Empire game, Volkmar the Grim was tasked with defending the northern coast from Norsca raiders. In his first encounter with Throgg, the Troll King, Volkmar was bested and wounded, his army destroyed. But he staged a comeback, beating back Throgg and Wulfrik again and again, until victory was secure. The game did not have a feud system between Volkmar and the Norsca, it simply emerged in my head and made the troll burning feel like happiness.The tradition of bugs has ended as well and the wait between turns is remarkably brief. Considering how good the game looks, the lightness feels truly respectable. The DLC policy has often been criticized and for good reason. A fan could pay the retail price again if he wants to try all the factions and this is not respectable. On the other hand, CA has released great free DLCs too and paid ones are worth getting, but minding your budget is a must. Other than that, the perfectly captured Warhammer spirit, seamless technical execution, aerodynamic Total War gaming mechanics and vivid presentation all make Total War: Warhammer an instant classic, one no strategy lover should do without.
Clex231	Recommended	398.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198010318372/	I've just finished a ~23 hour Dwarf Campaign before writing this review.This review is targeted towards those familiar with other TW games. For newer players let me just say that this game is a perfect starting point if you are looking to get into the series. PROS: -Campaign: I was always detracted from finishing Long Campaigns before - it was often grindy and finishing was just a formality. The restrictions to settling in this game actually help with this. It allows you to interact with other Factions as friends/foes rather than "future property of me". I was skeptical with this change but it gave a refreshing amount of direction to my campaign. That said, I am still going to use the upcoming conquer the map mod, but perhaps not all of the time. The Chaos event was fun in a way that wasnt also annoying (I'm looking at you Rome II IA civil war).-Combat: Combat is meaty. Cannons sound amazing, lords smack away soldiers like Sauron from Lord of the Rings, unit design and animations utilize the fantasy setting very well. Map Landscapes are varied and gorgeous. In all, I found myself using auto resolve less than my first campaigns in other titles. UI and control is closest to Attila.-Difficulty: There was an artifical difficulty on easy/normal in the last titles where you would have hordes of one-city factions with an army or two complicating your movements. In this game, Confederations are usually established by the midgame, allowing much more epic fights with much more balanced enemies. The easy/normal difficulties have never been more accurate. I have yet to test higher but I've watched HeirofCarthage (Hard/VH) and LegendofTotalWar (Legendary) and I can say that challenge is alive in full force. You can take a look at thier LPs to be the judge.-Depth: 'Generals' and 'Agents' have a depth that was previously only achived with mods like TTT. If you play Chaos and want to field lots of armies, you might choose to be a better leader for marauder units since you will have a lot of them. If you play Dwarves like me, you can make your general better at setting up underground ambushes for all of those pesky orks. This can only get better with expansions and mods. The faction leader quests involve epic scripted battles that were tons of fun.-System: I would be shocked if I had to wait over 10 seconds for an end turn in my first campaign. Most were ~5 seconds. I have an i5-4690 with the game loaded on an SSD. With a GTX 970 I was able to run on ultra with only a few frames dropped here and there. Though not everyone plays with my system this is a 'Pro' since on the same system, both Rome II and Attila run much much worse. CONS: -Towns: Towns have not have a lot of depth since Empire (maybe Shogun 2). Besides a few regions that have a special building chain to encourage you to think, you will very quickly find the right buildings to build in your 6/4/4/4. I think this was the intent. I suggest a return to population and more ways to affect region wealth outside of buildings and building modifiers. Popluation/taxes/trade/wealth made Empire one of my favorites despite the awful combat and AI. Food and Sanitation are gone. I don't mourn thier passing but it does leave less to manage.-Agents: It is difficult to keep up with the AI in terms of agent levels. In the early game (on easy) the AI was fielding lvl 11 agents while I had lvl 4. Success against AI agents was in the range of 20% with an equal amount to injury. Enemy agents would succeed often and kill my own making it ever more diffucult to catch up. Deployment grants almost no exp (a level every 8 turns or more). It seems the game wants you to utilize army placement but even then I could not keep up. I think the numbers just need a small revisiting to fix this issue. You get agent spammed less but your agents feel about as useful in campaign action as in Empire Total War (pretty bad). I am happy this review is done because I really want to start another campaign. This game is a must buy for TW veterans or fans of the Warhammer IP as it fits with the gameplay so well.TLDR; Yes - buy.
hodie	Recommended	260.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/h0die/	While still suffering slightly from the uninteresting late game that has been a part of much of the Total War(TW) franchise history this fantasy entry is one of the most re-playable. The four vanilla factions are uniquely different and at the end of an extensive post-release content cycle there is even more to choose from, adding more flavor to the existing races and introducing new factions. My particular favorite being the Wood Elves, though the addition of Skarsnik to the "Greenskins" with a wonderfully goblin centric roster for devious skullduggery at the expense of any real staying power is a great challenge and close second.Sieges and field battles do suffer from over simplification and a tendency to be over quickly so followers of the TW history titles with their objectively longer battles and more involved sieges and settlement defenses should bear that in mind.However the Warhammer world and its denizens have been brought to life very well indeed, that most tabletop fans will thoroughly enjoy leading their chosen faction in total war is almost a given. A year since release also means any sale will carry marked discounts, the game and its DLC is very much worth the sale price while the usual host of stellar mods again elevates the base game that bit more.
kibbles king	Recommended	469.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198123406484/	378 hours in i could still go and start a new campaign and enjoy it, the constant DLC can be a bit annoying but iv never thought they've not been value for money ( iv purchased them all ) if you can get it on sale now do . you wont regret it
beansponge	Recommended	70.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/beansponge/	This game is great.WARNINGdownload this game onto an SSD or the loading times are unbearable.
Nukesoldier	Recommended	12.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/nukesoldier/	I love this game, but why are you still charging $59.99 when the 2nd one came out at same price??????
MrStarkiller1100	Recommended	445.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/LJJKD/	I think it is very easy with the Steam review system to recieve an incomplete understanding of how good a game is or isn't. With just a thumbs up or down it is hard for anyone to tell you much about a game. So I would like to break this game down as much as possible to give you are really good source for information.Firstly lets address the negative reviews that state "the game is great, I had a lot of fun but **** DLC". These reviews are not reviewing the game. Ignore them immediatly, there are problems with this game but DLC is an option the problem would only be if the game did not have enough content to begin with.So lets look at that, what do you get in the base game. The base game gives you 4 races, Empire, Vampire Counts, Dwarfs and Greenskins. The map that you are playing on is set in the Old World of the Warhammer universe. By default all races have 2 legendary lords however through the free updates some have gotten more. Each campaign can take anywhere from 40 to 70 hours to complete. If you consider 1 dollar an hour a pretty good investment this game oozes good value. However if it is **** that would not matter.Alright so gameplay, this section has to be split into two sections campaign and battle. Starting with campaign this side of the map is a perfect example of 10 steps forward 2 steps back. Campaign Pros:All cam,paigns FEEL really differentDiplomacy is easy to use and understandStances are all useful and feel intuitiveVisuals are beautifulCities changing to match faction is an amazing additionEconomy is limited forcing players to actually make desicions when building armiesCampaign Cons:Regional Occupation (The concept that only certain races can occupy certain cities, terrible idea)Movement in your land is same speed as enemy causing annoying chases through your landThough cities due change when upgraded it is very hard to see the difference unlike Attila or Rome 2Onto battles, the battles stay mainly the same from previous games with the addition of crazy new units to spice it up. The Ai is also much improved. You can tell a ton of work went into making these great. However the games keep pushing towards smaller maps and faster battles which may have gone a little to far in this one.Battle Pros:AI (it can actually put up a good fight)DiversityMagicVisualsCustimizable UI (Bound to space bar)Nice additions to control make it easy to move armyImpacts are greatly improvedBattle Cons:No blood (Maybe I'm just messed up)Lack of kill animations (understand the point of removing the match combat of older games however a system like Dawn of War where when they go to kill an enemy it plays a combat animation would have been nice)Maps are very smallBattles are very short (5 minutes - 8 minutes)Lastly we need to discuss seiges and the lack of battle diversity in terms of types. Total War Warhammer features two battle types, seige and land battles, no minor settlement battles, no fort battles and no naval battles (not so salty about the last)Seige Pros:The first few feel epicArt is beautifulSeige Cons:Single or double wall leaves zero strategyEntire battle is spent watching your troops slowly try to break past theirsInfinite tower range makes artillery uselessOnly feels like there are 5 different mapsDifferent factions have the same settlements with different artDwarfs are the most dissapointing as if you want their trailer it shows multi tiered setlementsIn conclussion, Total War Warhammer improves on much and gives you a ton of value for the money you are spending, even without mods or DLC. Some of the issues I have mentioned can be fixed with mods. With the game all moded out like mine is the only issue I still see are that seige battles are dull and lack strategy. Other than that this game is amazing and if you love TW like I do this is a breath of fresh air into a very old franchise.
headless_cyborg	Recommended	12.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/thedarkfighter413/	The following review is based on the Linux versionTotal War Warhammer was my first modern TW game. I've played Rome Total War and Medieval 2: Total War more than 10 years ago and whenever I was asking TW players which TW game is the best for new players they said either Shogun 2 or Warhammer.  I was sceptical about Warhammer because how could fantasy world work in a series based on historical events? Well, it works great. TW:WH is not just a reskin of older titles, it's crafted with everything that has something to do with the Warhammer universe.The game is very friendly to new players, easy to learn. Each faction has its own playstyle, advantages, disadvantages and skills. Each of them is different. For example Dwarfs are vengeful, they can live in peace but they do not forgive spite against them while Orks (or "green skinners" as they are called in the game) love war and they constantly need blood and battles. Speaking about battles... battels are a bit faster than in (for example Medieval 2). The gameplay is of course the standard turn-based map + real time battles, typical for the Total War series.DLCLet me say something about DLCs. This game has a lot of DLCs. I honestly hate when a game has more than 5 DLCs, it's not only chaotic but usually devs want us to pay for something that was supossed to be in the base game. For example the Warhammer universe is know for its brutality but you won't find blood in this game unless you buy this DLC: https://store.steampowered.com/app/404011/Total_War_WARHAMMER__Blood_for_the_Blood_God/So, SEGA are you serious? This is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Do we really have to pay more than 2€ to see blood in a game set in a bloody universe? Is this DLC really needed for a 60€ game? Not at all. This is a joke.LinuxThe game has been ported to Linux by Feral Interactive, my overall experience with the Linux version was great, I didn't have any issues at all. According to a YT benchmark by PenuginRecordings (btw. thanks for the video Yusuf, wherever you are I hope you're happy) the OpenGL renderer is almost as fast as the D3D12 rendered on Windowshttps://youtu.be/w9S5dZN--xE?t=1m14sThis is actually very good because the game was never designed for Linux, it's just a port from D3D to OpenGL.SummaryI recommend this game to anyone who likes strategy games and in my opinion it's a must have for Total War fans as well as for Warhammers fans because these two things work great together.System info & performance report  Platform Linux   Operating system Arch Linux x64   Desktop environment Gnome Shell 3.28   API OpenGL   Machine type MSI laptop   CPU/GPU/RAM i5 7300HQ / GTX 1050 Ti [396.24] / 12 GB   Settings 1080p   FPS in-game benchmark average FPS: low preset 55, medium preset 42, high preset 36   Is it possible to save the game anytime? yes, on the turn-based map only   Number of crashes in stable version 0   Available APIs OpenGL   Multiplayer yes, Linux vs Linux   Config location  ✓ Good | ~/.local/share/feral-interactive/Total War Warhammer   Linux version rating Almost perfect 4/5 (no cross platform multiplayer)   Is it posible to change in-game text making it more comfortable to play the game on a TV from a couch?  No   Any issues (fullscreen, performance, crashes...) ? No, runs great on Linux with no issues   Ported by Feral Interactive  
Hanzy the Heretic	Recommended	105.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/djcampmartin/	First Total War game. Steep learning curve for me, and still learning, but really enjoying every minute of it.Very glad mods are supported and are easy to install and use. There are some must have mods out there that make the game that much better.Seems like CA have picked up on some of them and those features are being implmented in Warhammer II. More building slots for instance.EDIT:Most of my reviews don't get much traffic but maybe because of the sale and interested new buyers are checking out the game.I only play custom battles and campaign. I do not play multiplayer.Performance is fine on my rig w/ 4770k @ 4.2ghz and 980Ti SLI at 1500/8000mhz. Resolution is 3440x1440. Game is installed on two SSD's in RAID 0. Loading times are quick. Load into my campaign in 20-30 seconds.21:9 seems to be supported quite well and I have had no issues there.I have had one random crash in ~ 40 hours of gameplay.Campaign is where its at for me. My favorite part of the game.There is a lot of content, and I can see plaything through with all the different races at least once.Each race seems to have unique features, starting areas, units etc... that make playing through very rewarding.There are all sorts of different army compositions and ways to play the campaign.All out destruction, diplomacy, confederations, vassals, there are multiple ways to go about ruling the Old World.Battles are EPIC! Definitely recommend the camera mods so you can zoom in and out further during the battles.There are a lot of mechanics that you need to understand to have a succesful battle. After getting my♥♥♥♥♥handed to me a few times I read some guides and watched some videos so that I could understand the mechanics and actually start to win.The game could probably do a bit of a better job explaining some of this. The information is all there, it just does not really tell you how to decipher it.
Migo420	Recommended	333.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197961836041/	Good game, terrible company.
Iji Kataiser	Recommended	380.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Terenin2k9/	So, Total War: Warhammer.Dream come true? Not quite, the epic-level fantasy-version of this game that have existed in my head since I was aware that Total War and Warhammer were both a thing, will never not be fantasy. Oh well, it would likely be crap anyway.This comes very close though, and without any blinding bias because ::Warhammer fan:: I can say this is the best Total War game to this date, even with it's down-sides.The essence and feel of Warhammer is fully realized here, for good and ill.***THE GOOD*** about the game is it's solid game-play and mechanics, a true-to-lore Warhammer fantasy skin over it. The game is true to established canon and reflects this in game-play, graphics, character interactions and so on. If you are a Warhammer-fan, you will find much here that amuses and entertains you.For instance, different factions work very differently and in ways completely true to their lore and established views of the world. There are settlement-based factions and a few Horde-based ones. These play very differently and make for unique game-play experiences. Various events happen in the world and to factions, for good and ill. Different factions have different goals and ways to achieve them - this makes for the most unique game-play selection in any Total War game to date - every previous game focused on different eras of real-world history, making for variations on the same.Difference between Rome and Sparta? Flavor, game-mechanics are effectively identical.Difference between the Dwarves and the Beastmen? Everything. Dwarves are a slow-but-steady faction of grudge-bearing, cavalry-lacking settlement-based people who live in mountain-holds and have restrictions on what they can and can't directly settle. They are quality over quantity with troops on the expensive side, but can pay for them with funds they generate from their various buildings. Beastmen are a swift-but-mostly-expendable horde force with unprecedented mobility who don't settle down anywhere. They never build anything, and are required to raid and pillage to fund everything. Their various armies ARE their settlements, and they can only upgrade these in the 'encampment' stance. Beastmen camps are hidden from view, helping you run and hide - other faction's camping-stances are visible. Beastmen have an easier time ambushing enemy armies because their ambush-stance is mobile. Losing a whole army equals losing all 'settlement' upgrades in it. Losing all armies equals defeat.Agents makes a return in the form of champions. The spin on these is that in an effort to reflect the epic effects of powerful characters in Warhammer, these are not just spies, assassins etc. they are fully able combatants,spell-casters even, on the tactical map, able to assist you with actions on the strategic level. For instance, a Warrior Priest of Sigmar can aid the Empire either on the strategic map by inspiring the populace of your provinces, or in battles as a one-man regiment as a powerful and inspirational warrior that crushes the skulls of the Undead, Beastmen and Chaos heretics alike with a Sigmar-blessed warhammer, aiding your state-troopers in holding the line against Humanity's many ancient enemies. If your champion dies in the battle, he's either wounded or dead for good. Alternatively, he fails an assassination-attempt on the strategic map against that annoying Chaos-Champion spreading corruption and disorder through your lands, and get's a hero's funeral. Champions are very powerful, but costly assets, that can truly turn the tide of battles, or wars.Sadly the game is not without it's flaws.***THE BAD*** about this game are two things that has everything to do with game-mechanivs and developer decisions.First of all, the DLC-whoring returns. As in Rome II and a lesser extent, Shogun II, assets in the game are locked behind pay-walls. Want to play Beastmen or Wood Elves? Freakin' CHAOS WARRIORS? Want blood-effects in a WARHAMMER FANTASY GAME? Pay up.The redeeming thing about this is that many of the recent DLC's are freeLC's, with many characters and even factions being released for free. This is a massive step in the right direction and I hope it's a trend to increase the value (and thus appeal) of TW games in future.Secondly, the difficulty anomaly that was present in Rome II returns. Easy and normal difficulty is too easy. Unless you are inept or have personal issues with RTS games you will be dominant in relatively little time and as such, the game is very likely a boring experience inside of 50 turns. Hard difficulty and up are effectively required to be properly challenged, but from hard difficulty and up the absurdity of the game's balancing system comes into full swing.The AI has infinite money. This leads to their champions always doing things that cost money, effectively power-leveling them whenever able to become very potent dangers very fast. Your own champion actions against the enemy will usually cost you money, money you don't always have, making decisions about what to do something to brood about when the economy is tight. The AI can always make armies. They recruit faster than you can hope to do and in larger bulk. Even from provinces that don't have the buildings for the units they get.On the flip-side the system to help you guide your AI military allies around to help you against common enemies is a novel idea that works often, but not always. AI allies are, as a rule, unreliable. They can do anything from nothing when you ask them, or they can do it but take forever to do so, or they go do so and achieve the goal you set. You can never know, so the only use AI allies have is to present armies you don't pay for that can MAYBE help you, and planning around this fact becomes tedious very often.The AI knows exactly how far you can move at all times, and it don't always bother to do basic things to assists it's economy.You often move to attack enemy armies only to stop just short. The AI will avoid you if it's calculated your odds to be good. This is tactically wise ofc, but it leads to wild goose-chases where you are always just shy of the range needed to catch up, until the enemy gains the upper hand and double-teams you and often defeats you. This can get extremely frustrating very fast. Horde armies - Chaos for instance - tend to run around and avoid you until they find a soft, small settlement to pillage and raze to the ground, ruining your economy and avoiding your armies at the same time.On the other hand, if you play a Horde faction like Beastmen and have to live off raiding targets, minor settlements are usually easy pray. However even over a hundred turns later if you come back the AI may not have bothered re-building the settlement, and even if they have, it often has not been upgraded (because the AI don't need the money or tech most of the time) so you get next-to-nothing from raiding it, just when you are desperate for loot and are suffering high attrition.These are just a few examples of how game-mechanics around the AI can be extremely vexing, and a detriment to an otherwise brilliant game.Having said that, the difficulty is a very great challenge that, though it's of the unfair 'one rule for me and another for thee' variety and not organic, will annoy or invigorate you depending on what you can tolerate.***IN CONCLUSION*** Total War: Warhammer is,despite some sour notes, a good RTS game where you either overcome and defeat your enemies with clever strategy, careful empire-management and brilliant battlefield tactics, or watch as the horrors of the Old World slowly grind you down as your enemies attack from all sides until inevitably your empire collapses and your people drown in blood and the cruel laughter of dark gods. I would recommend this game to all Total War fans and Warhammer fans alike, it's a varied and entertaining Total War game and a very faithful representation of the grim darkness of Warhammer Fantasy. 
ScoRrpioOo	Recommended	120.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198037883239/	Total War: Warhammer is a turn-based strategy game with real-time tactical battles between 4 great nations. For the first time Total War game is settled in fantasy universe so we can meet fantasy creatures like giant spiders,giants,manticores and many more.Pros:+ 4 really unique races ( Imperium, Orcs, Undead, Dwarfs + Chaos for preorders + buyers in first week )  + each legendary lord have his own unique missions+ great unit design+ good graphics+ great voice acting/soundtrack+ performance on start its really suprising good, also didn't encounter to much bugs+ AI improved compared to previous Total War games+ steam workshop+ you can destroy cities to the ground+ global recruitment ( you can recruit any unit wherever you are but it will have higher unit cost + longer recruitment time usually 2x time more )+ no turn limit, you keep going until you win or lose+ high replayability+ just one more turn......Cons:- agents are more annoying than ever and its hard to deal with them especially early-mid game - town building and managing its simplified- basically no formations ( you have 2 choices first melee units on front ranged on back and second ranged on front melee on back... ) - attacking villages end up in just simple field like a normal battle ( they didn't bother to model simple buildings even in the background ) - no reload animation for some units ( to lazy i guess ? )- normal units don't have any abilities (simple examples what we could see: fire arrows, shield walls?  etc etc, only lords/heroes have some magic tricks )- no naval battles- no blood at all ( propably some dlc will come soon ) - no end game cinematic/scene- no more 1v1 combat animationsOverall Rating 7,5/10 
Nurse me up	Recommended	246.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197976073570/	When I first heard about a fantasy universe in a Total War game I shook my head in disapproval. I was stuck in the mindset that TW need its origins in real-world history and realism – boy was I wrong.The squalor, food and aging is removed to give room for the fantasy to shine, and it delivers. You no longer have to worry about your mighty captain(in this game lord) becoming a victim of aging or falling in a surprise battle. Your ”Legendary Lords” will always be there(if you can avoid a 5 turn assasination wound recovery) and you never feel your progress getting lost or wasted – it's honestly great. It means that you can put your entire heart and soul into becoming the mightiest Lord, without worrying about inevitable death. Needless to say that this fits a fantasy universe perfectly.As a new feature your Lord is now a single person instead of being part of a squad, which works wonders – you will no longer suffer from random unlucky deaths of your lord, by simply being unlucky with who dies in his squad. The single unit now works off of a pool of HP, which eliminates that element of luck that haunted killing a captain in previous TW games.As the game progresses and your lord earns levels through glorious combat, he will get some unique questlines to fulfill in order to gain high tier loot, such as powerful weapons and armor – really satisfying and worthwhile to complete. Usually with a fun battle(including cutscene) to end it.Diplomacy is miles apart from all other TW games – way better, with AI that actually doesn't seem to be controlled by your dog and actively engages in diplomacy.Those were som quick thoughts – 100% recommended as the best TW game so far.
Vanishing Gungaroo	Recommended	79.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198035890996/	Really good, I am a big warhammer fan.The only issue I have is that the game honestly does not feel complete unless you have the DLCs.
jonnyavenger	Recommended	116.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jonnyavenger/	Currently having a blast playing the Total War franchise with this cool Warhammer theme. It's a bit of fun fielding these fantasy battles using the excellent Total War battle mechanics.If you're weighing up which version of Warhammer Total War you should start out with? You can easily start out with this first Warhammer before venturing out to buy the recent release of Warhammer II. I've started out by playing the Empire campaign. Eventually I'll try the other campaigns with other factions. I'm taking my time and enjoying the game and just enjoying it for what it is.Ultimately it's a ton of fun. Not to be taken as seriously as the other Total War titles. Those other top selling Total War games are a little more strategic. With their battles being more "realistic" and generally lasting a lot longer. Here it's all about having fun with the fantasy world of Warhammer. Casting spells, fighting orks and goblins, dragons and such.There's plenty of strategy to be had of course. And you'll certainly be losing battles if you don't take the time to learn the strategies needed to win. I've gone ahead and watched the top YouTubers covering the battle tactics including PartyElite, Theoklisis and Zerkovic. All are fantastic YouTube contributors to learn from.
Eplekaka	Not Recommended	81.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/maaaau/	The DLC policy is just greedy. In the main menu you see more options for things you have to pay extra for than for things you can actually play. Want to play orcs? Pay extra. Play elves? Pay extra. Play Norsca? Pay extra!If this was a free or even very cheap game i would undertand, but the game is really expensive!Oh, and you want to see blood in a war game? You guessed it! Pay extra!
LawAbidingBear	Recommended	119.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/gorrilla6/	My family told me I had been spending too much time on my computer the past two days, playing this game. Unfortunatley this meant I had to put them all to the torch as clearly their minds had been touched by the heretical influence of Chaos. The Pure do not rest when the forces of Evil bay at our door, and there are deamons to slay! For The Emperor!
your actual dad	Recommended	314.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kiwibreakfast/	Diplomacy actually WORKS in this one. As the Empire, I managed to a form a grand alliance between myself, Brettonia and the Dwarves, and everybody teamed up to cancel the apocalypse. You can tell your allies where to put their armies, and coordinate solid strategies to make sure everything goes down as planned. Probably the best Total War game so far - better even than Shogun 2, since it doesn't have an infuriating realm divide mechanic nor does it have a max number of turns: you keep going until somebody wins. Balance could probably be better - the Vampire Counts can pull up so many units in a single turn that they're basically unbeatable on the campaign map if you use them at all competently. On the flipside, every Empire unit except STanks and demigryphs just cannot make its upkeep back compared to the other armies' equivalent units. I do wonder how they're going to fit all the races in their appropriate places without massively redrawing the map, but that's a bidge to cross when we come to it.
Snow	Recommended	112.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198034958465/	I consider  myself to be a Total War veteran since I virtualy started playing Total War games since I was a child(My first was Medieval: Total War). As the years passed and the Total War Franchise expanded, change was inevitable and the franchise itself evolved. Total War: Warhammer is the 10th game of the total war series. It is the first total war game that completely gets rid of  the historical theme of previous total war tittles and I like it. Although I did previously disagree with the whole change of theme I have  got used to it and learned to enjoy it. As I said, change is inevitable. You can't expect the Total War series to be the same for ever and this is a prime example of CA and Sega trying new things. I am aware that the main issue with this game is the fact that it is plagued by DLCs and in order to unlock the full experience you must at least spend another 50 euro. However, this strategy has been implemented by Sega since(correct me if im wrong) Total War:Shogun 2, but I didn't see nearly not as many negative reviews as Warhammer. The game itself is fun, the factions have their own flavour and their won unique playstyle. Siege battles are mediocre, in order to actually fight a siege battle you must assault a major settlement(Yes I am aware that mods can fix that, but I am reviewing this game as it is right now). The time that it takes to complete a battle can vary but it is surely more slow paced than Total War: Rome 2. The legendary lords,heroes, giants, flying units and unique units are all a new addition to the series and I have to say that I am quite impressed. All in all, Total War: Warhammer is a fine game which is worth picking up, it may have some techincal flaws, but lets face it, any game which is released by CA will always have some sort of technical flaws. It is a fun game and it is a very solid foundation for the development of future Total War games due to the fact that it broke the Franchises record for sales. Please dont judge the game based on its DLC policy, it isn't that much of a big deal and it is certainly not  the first time that something like this has occured (I can assure you that it most deffinetly wont be the last).  I hope this review was helpful and please don't hesitate to correct me(or disagree with me) or post your opinion about this game in the comments.
Lysander Of Sparta	Not Recommended	110.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198046134574/	I want to love this game. I really do. But there are just some very ugly issues keeping me from recommending it. Firstly, there are problems with price and DLC policy. The game comes with four major factions, being: Men, Dwarves, Vampire Counts, and Greenskins. There are several other factions on offer as DLC only: Elves, Beastmen, Chaos, and another human faction, Norsca. You can sort of see that a great amount of variety is not available in the base game. As someone who is not really a hardcore Warhammer fan, the Empire and the Vampire Counts were the only two factions that really interested me. I was greatly interested in the Elves, as well as the Beastmen and Chaos, but guess what? They're locked. To access all of the factions, you'd need to pony up about $52, and the DLC's never go on sale for more than 33% each. Meanwhile, almost 600 days after release, the base price of the game is STILL $60, bringing your total to a hefty $112.This sort of thing has been a complaint in past games, but I think this piecemeal, penny-pinching DLC marketing starts to look ugly in Warhammer, where the biggest appeal to non-hardcore fans is the variety between the facs/races. The chance to explore the universe and perhaps become enamored with Warhammer is crippled by a price point that just doesn't seem reasonable. After all, I could go spend $52 on another fantastic game or three. The AI has always been an issue in TW games. While I feel that the campaign AI may be somewhat improved, the battle AI is still struggling to keep up, unless one raises the difficulty to give it buffs. For example, if the AI has a choice between flanking the player on several sides, it will usually choose instead to concentrate all but 1-2 units on one point, handing the battle to the player. Battle can often end up feeling too much like a "rinse and repeat" chore; I often find myself playing the battles just to guarantee that I don't lose too many troops. I'm not sure if the limited unit roster really helps that feeling. I admire the concept of leaving gaps in unit rosters that the player has to compensate for, but generally, the feeling of army progression that is present even in Rome 2 has been moved to characters/heroes instead. Finally, I find that the campaign gameplay also gets a bit stale rather quickly. Even on higher difficulties, the AI can rarely prevent the player from dominating the game. The building progression is more or less done in the first few turns, and then(especially as VC) the player has to sort of just...sit there for a bit, and wait for funds to grow to gain military might, and take the next settlement. Rinse and repeat. Where is the threat?There are mods that help with this. And really, mods are what make the game playable for me. So if you have plenty of money, plenty of patience, and you love TW, you can still buy the game and not regret it. Otherwise, wait for a "game of the year" edition or something.
fralgan	Recommended	41.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/fralgan/	Unfortunately, people are reviewing a great game based on its DLCs policy.Yes, the DLC policy is stupid and greedy.No, the game itself is not mediocre - it is actually stunning.One of the best TW I have had the chance to play. It is actually really hard to put down ! Even without the DLC, winning the game with the 4 basic race will take you a huge amount of time; and all four starting races are extremely different in playstyle.If you have a chance to get the game cheaper (12€ on humble bundle at the time of this review) then it is a really good game undeserving of the "Mixed" reviews; and I would suggest buying it.
TyCeption	Not Recommended	112.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198008956690/	First of all this is a great game but my biggest problem is why it gets a down vote. The fact that it is still $60USD to purchase not including any of the DLC even after the game has been out for two years. Also, the only way you can play Mortal Empires is if you have the second one which is also $60USD, not including DLC.
Inglip	Not Recommended	26.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198043967356/	The game used the spyware redshell. It doesn't matter if it gets removed after  the public outcry as this was unacceptable in the first place. An "oops we got caught and remove it after that" just isn't enough. This review stays as a reminder that any data outside of the game is none of the developers business.
Sw4gBeard	Not Recommended	106.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/nixor07/	Outrageous DLC policy. This has to stop.
Frosty	Recommended	190.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/smf0211/	This is Stephen.Stephen's game crashed on startup.Stephen went to reddit, Total War twitter, and read other reviews.Stephen found out that he could go into Offline mode and this may fix the problem.Stephen fixed his problem, and vanquished the enemies of the Empire.Stephen did not run to the review page and leave a bad review for a problem Stephen knows will be fixed very soon. Don't be a♥♥♥♥♥♥ Be like Stephen.EDIT: Here is my review for those complaining there isn't one here. But before that I just want to say my initial review was to point out that, devs are people. They make mistakes. There was a small issue causing this bug and that you should have waited it out before kneejerking it to the review page, give people the benefit of the doubt before you condemn them - especially after only a couple hours of release. The issue I had was patched within hours of release. Now, if the game was STILL unplayable, I might march to a different tune. But don’t be so damn negative right off the bat people, life is much easier if you're an optimist. Also, if you gave the game a bad review for that issue but are now crushing little dwarfs with your trolls, you might change your review :)  Now for my thoughts: The game is amazing. I've been playing Total War games since 2005 and this is by far the best Total War game to date. In previous TW games you’ve played as humans, obviously, and while this is cool to be historically accurate, what it meant was that all the playable factions were basically some variation of the other with differences in culture. In TW:WH, each faction is COMPLETELY different. The tactics you learned as the Empire will NOT hold when fighting as the Vampire. Plus, each faction has their own campaign aspect, the Empire can appoint Lords to offices that give bonuses, the Vamps have to have lands be corrupted before entering them, otherwise they take attrition, the Dwarfs have a book of grudges that each grudge has to be “settled”, and the Greenskins have to maintain a level of “fightiness” within their armies or else they start in-fighting and take attrition. What all this means, is that when you start a new campaign, it feels like a whole new game almost. Also, the UI in this game is a MASSIVE improvement over Rome II and Attila. Now you can understand what buildings you need where to get what. Gone are the days of going down the rabbit hole of the building browser trying to figure out what does what and how it will all play out. The message system is sooo much better. Many times in the prev TW games you’d start a turn and have to click through 4-5 pop up messages then there would be 10 more side ones to go through. They’ve boiled it down to what's important and overall I think have hit the right balance between complexity and depth and learnability. After all, this is nowhere as deep as like EUIV or Civ 5, but its similar, I mean the point of this game is to get more armies to smash other armies.Now for the battles, HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥THEY ARE AWESOME. The feeling of watching your Demigryph Knights slam into the back of an unsuspecting unit of little Dwarfs and watching them fly through the air cannot properly be described in words. Where TW has sort of simplified the campaign, they added complexity to the battlefield. No more of the rock, paper, scissors formula of the old TW games where spears beat cav, cav beat swords, and swords beat spears. Now you have flying monstrous units, trolls, undead armies that can pop up from the ground, gunnery, infantry,  giant comets of magic that rain from the sky and hexes that curse your men.I feel like some of the magic will need some balancing especially since magic damage does not scale with unit size. But over all battles are awesome. It definitely will take some time to master but it is so much fun trying to figure it out. Performance wise, I think it's great, I got a GTX 970 W/ i7-6700k, and while in the campaign get a smooth 90 fps on high and 50-60 on ultra, in battle usually 75-80 on high and 40-50 on ultra with few dips, even if there are a ton of units. I've only had one game crash, but no big deal! Overall I give it a 9/10. If you’re new to TW, start here! The prev TW games are much more complicated and sometime unnecessarily. TW:WH struck the right balance and I definitely recommend it.  TL;DR - best TW game yet. All the races feels completely different, the UI is waaay better, battles are great, challenging, and loads of fun and the game is well optimized and runs good. Cheers :)
dustycloudzzz	Recommended	367.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/dustycloudzzz/	Creative Assembly has gotten alot of flak for their DLC model down here, but the truth of the matter is this is a review section to tell people how the game plays and how well it plays and if the initial game is worth the price point, not a rant forum for problems people have with CA and Sega's DLC model. Q: Without any DLC does this game feel complete and polished and worth the $60 USD?A: Yes, in my opinion it does. Without any DLC I logged over 100 hours in this game, and if you play every campaign available you will likely get a ton of in game time before you even approach needing DLC. Every single race plays differently in campaign. They have unique areas of the map to deal with and unique challenges they all face. Most of them have totally different campaign mechanics to learn before you can really get a handle on that races playstyle. It is without a doubt, a complete game with the initial 4 playable races.Now if you want to complain that the DLC isn't worth the money, is unpolished or incomplete that is a different thing altogether and would totally belong here but its all just complaining that they feel entitled to free stuff any time its added into a game but the truth is, we as gamers, and consumers, are not. Even if making games is CA's dream, it's still a business and to make more content to add to a game costs money. People don't get college degrees to work for free. Gamers giving this game a bad review because of a company policy are doing this game an injustice. The game is amazing in my opinion and very much worth the price point. Their complaints about DLC policy shouldn't be aired on a review of the game because this review section is for GAME REVIEWS. Not a forum for complaints about a company. Please, go to the Creative Assembly forums and let them know what you think there. 
Greatjon Umber	Recommended	95.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/greatjon_umber/	TL;DR -- I really enjoy the game despite having no attachment to its fiction. It's deep technically, well-balanced, and a whole lot of fun, with a great setting and an excellent, tense campaign. And if I, someone no real interest in RTS or Warhammer, am enjoying the game this much, then I can confidently recommend it to pretty much anybody. This game is worth paying full price for in my opinion, but if you find it on sale for around $30, you'll be getting a steal. There are potentially hundreds of hours here, so if you're a fan of turn-based strategy, real-time tactics, or anything in between, pick this up without a second thought.More detail: I'm not a classic fan of the Total War series. The only game I've played in the series was Rome II, which is referred to by many of the series' longtime fans as the overall worst game in the series. I actually liked it quite a bit, but just couldn't get around the various glitches, bugs, and jankiness and eventually stopped playing the game in frustration of having battles stolen from me by units glitching out and getting slaughtered.I decided to pick up Warhammer after seeing it on sale last week for $15, and boy am I glad I gave the series another shot because I'm really enjoying this game.I have no attachment whatsoever to the Warhammer world. I'm such a neophyte that I didn't even realize a fantasy element to this fiction existed; I thought for almost a year that this game was a Total War based on the Warhammer 40,000 variety because I didn't know there was anything else. I believe that coming from such ignorance allows me to judge the game purely based on its merits rather than viewing it through the rose-shaded goggles of a Warhammer fan.The things that ruined my experience most in Rome II are completely removed from Warhammer. The bugginess of combat and the convoluted way that some of the strategic layer worked are gone, all refined and streamlined into a system that's very easy to understand when compared to that game. I find myself greatly enjoying battles now that they aren't plagued by units bugging out on walls or geometry or getting themselves killed when they don't do what I'm telling them. The scale is also far longer here. In Rome II, you can only have units be so powerful when at the end of the day they're all just, at most, human beings riding horses. In a fantasy setting, though, you can go balls-to-the-wall. You've got nearly indestructible emperors riding huge winged beasts, wizards that can blast apart entire enemy lines by themselves, giant cannons capable of raining destruction upon enemies. Which is great, because you're going to be fighting some pretty terrifying, giant monsters on the other side of the map. It adds an entirely new level of flavor to the Total War system. It's fantastic.A big change that I love is that the leaders of armies are now single units with upgradeable equipment rather than elite groups of spearmen, cavalry, etc. There is truly nothing more bad♥♥♥♥♥than watching the Emperor swoop in on a giant, man-eating Griffon to save one of your infantry units that is about to rout by smashing half of the enemy's and routing it almost instantly. I also like that there is no concept of passing time in this game, as it allows you to become more attached to your leaders rather than levelling them like in Rome II only to have them eventually die of old age even if they're your best units. It's wonderful and the light RPG leveling system adds a lot of attachment to units that could otherwise remain pretty generic.The different factions in the game operate so differently from one another that it's almost unbelievable. The way Chaos and Greenskin factions work is so different from the humans and dwarfs that it may as well be another game. It's really astounding just how much meat is on the bone with this game. I never had much desire to play units other than the Empire or Bretonnia, but the sheer variance in their gameplay styles provide literally hundreds of hours for somebody who wants to try them all. That is an amazing amount of value considering I paid $15 for this game.But the thing I love most about the game so far is the incredible tense feel it has. You're told pretty much from the beginning that there is a Chaos invasion coming and that you'd better prepare for it. As a Warhammer noob, I had no idea what that meant. But holy hell did I find out. Your first campaign in this game is pretty much doomed to fail, and I kind of love that. Rather than leaving me deflated and frustrated as I would have expected, it left me feeling challenged. Could I play again and, knowing what I know now, succeed? It also left me with a completely different feeling playing through a second time, like there was a dark shadow on the horizon, and I better get my crap together and be ready for it. It adds one more additional quirk to what is already a very competent turn-based strategy/real-time tactics game and makes it a truly great one in my opinion. I've seen some people complaining about the Chaos Invasion mechanic, asking for an option to turn it off, and I can see how it would be frustrating if you're a fan of the series and are looking for not much more than what you've gotten in the past. But for me, it led to an extremely tense, dread-inducing experience, like the pressure was on and I was the only one on the map who could deal with it. It feels very much like Mass Effect 2 on Insanity; a creeping sense of being completely outgunned and wondering how the hell you're going to deal with the ♥♥♥♥♥torm that's coming your way, and desperately trying to make the most efficient moves possible to tech up as quickly as possible and equip yourself for the great challenge ahead.. From a narrative perspective, it feels remarkably like the oncoming invasion of the Others in Martin's ASOIAF fantasy series, or Sauron's and Saruman's war in Tolkien's LOTR series.I found the Warhammer fiction to be really intriguing as well, and far more inspired by reality than I expected it to be. While Tolkien's Middle Earth is not tethered to anything but his own imagination, and Martin's Westeros is loosely inspired by British history, Warhammer seems to be clearly inspired by the early Holy Roman Empire and its struggle with the Viking invasions of Europe, at least from what I see int his game.  I'm lukewarm on fantasy but a huge fan of historical fiction, and Warhammer piqued my interest enough to make me want to pick up a few Warhammer fantasy novels and see what they're like.I do have some complaints about this game, though. Though not as bad as Rome II, it still runs somewhat poorly on my GTX 1080, with most battles hovering somewhere around 50 fps at 1440p. Additionally, this game has some of the grimiest DLC I've ever seen. Blood and gore has actually been removed from the base game to sell at a $3 price point, which is just as ridiculous as it sounds. I've got a feeling that this is more on the publisher side rather than the developer side, but whoever is responsible for this reprehensible practice should be ashamed of themselves. That said, a lot of the DLC is actually really good, as the additional factions freshen the game after a few playthroughs.
Kesselring	Recommended	743.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/fucknaziskinheads/	After 650+ hours I've decided to write a review. I have every single Total War game in my library save for shogun 1 and medieval 1 and Atilla (didn't feel like I needed a 2nd rome 2 game tbh).This is a great game for newer people in the series, they really made the campaign map a lot more easier for new players to the series. The game has intuitive UI and is pretty easy to control. And even if you get confused there is very easy to access videos/websites that teach you the commands you really need for the game.The launch was a little rocky, but the updates make it great. Even if you haven't bought any DLC, the game still gets updated. You just can't play those races or have their added benefits like Regiments of Renown.As far as gameplay for the vanilla gameplay; the battles are far shorter than any other total war game. This is something I was not happy about. This is of course fixable by mods. But the base game forces you to micro at top speed especially with the introduction of spells and individual unit skills, for some reason the auto-skill use right click from the previous titles was not implemented in this (most likely due to them having to code AI-related functions for the right stipulations for the skill to be used in an automatic way).Once you mod it right, and the battles last about half as long (save for sieges which, if modded right, will not change in pace much) you still have room for fast micro and still have time to fix any potential mistakes the AI makes without your help. That's the biggest problem with fast paced battles of the vanilla game, is the units you control are not constantly being told to make the right decisions and will turn their backs on enemies after no long engaging or simply not engaging any enemy running right by them. I'm not saying that the units you control should have AI help, but this is the reason why fast battles are generally bad.Overall it's a great game, the campaign mode is generally easy regardless of difficulty once you know what youre doing. The base game has ridiculously low upkeep costs and ridiculously high income for income buildings which can make getting high-tier units become a very easy thing to do towards turns 20-30. Again, if you really want to challenge yourself, you gotta find the right mods. The base game without mods is still great if youre new and learning, but eventually you're just sitting there like "why do I have so much money?" and things just become too easy. I dont play strategy games to be in god mode all the time personally and I think CA really pandered to their casual customers with this game. It's a good thing they didn't take away modding support.
Steel*Faith	Recommended	688.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197974927515/	While having so much more potential to improve, this is still a game worth playing and will give you many hours of enjoyment.
larman_00	Recommended	1,766.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198291174289/	I read The Hobbit as a Freshman in highschool in 1979. I started playing Advanced D&D later that year, and Dungeon Mastered my first game on Dec. 31, 1979. We played well into the morning and everyone crashed in chairs and couches after the sun had come up. We didn't play any other than AD&D until the mid to late 80's but when we did we tried them all. Paladium and all of their stuff from Rifts to Beyond the Supernatural, Shadown Run, Champions you name it. We picked up Warhammer Fantasy Roleplay and ate it up. During that time we played a lot of Games Workshop stuff. Talisman, Hero's Quest, Battle Master, and of course Warhammer Fantasy Battle. Games Workshop always put out great stuff with awesome back stories that set the perfect atmosphere of each adventure. When computers rolled around in the 90's we saw the potential and would fantasize about the possibilities of going to these places virtually and see all the places we had played for so many years. We started in Ultima Online I stayed there way past their peak, then ended up in WOW for 7 years or so. Everyone wants to complain about the price of DLC's. I paid 15 a month for WOW for years and always thought it was worth the money. Now one of those games we used to play back in the day has come out. Total War Warhammer has captured those awesome backstories and set that perfect atmosphere that great games always do. The game is completely flexible to allow expansion and easily changed to make it what ever you think it should be. Add some units with a mod, or pay for a DLC if you want, but you don't have to. I absolutely love this game and I want it to be successful. I don't have any problem paying for DLC as long as they don't get too expensive. So far so good! I like what I see! They have made an old gamer happy! Hopefully I'll retire one day with the complete world at my fingertips and ride off into a magical sunset. Pretty scary thought. Anyway, I do recomend this game!
Pinky	Recommended	624.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/npink101/	I have put a stupid amount of hours into this game. And even then I still keep coming back. The visuals are flat out phenomenal. Audio is realistic and emersive. Factions are unique and offer different playstyles. Even though features have been stripped and battles are shorter then previous titles in the franchise, the game is still just plain fun to play. Watching your army of monsters and infantry clash with your enemy is nothing short of eye candy. All in all, if your a fan of the Total War series, do yourself a favor and at least check it out. And if your a fan of RTS games on a massive scale, look no futher then this blast of a game!
Destyre	Recommended	247.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197976312757/	As the Slayer King, my first battle was against some green skins that were in the lands around my home and mountain stronghold of Karaz-a-Karak. Victory came for me but at a hefty cost as I lost almost as many warriors as my enemy. They retreated back to the shack made of rotten wood and rusted metal that they called a town, while I stayed in my territory, licking my wounds, replenising my crippled army. I reviewed the Dwarvern Emo diary, AKA The Book of Grudges, to see what I could do to rally the hordes of crybaby dwarf citizens at my command. I readied myself to take the Orc settlement, just a few more turns to gather my strength... The next turn, a goblin army from a neighbouring region charged at my army's flank, ruining my plans. "Why didn't I go back to safety of my stronghold!" I said, chastising myself. I was now being attacked by a healthy, rested and eager Goblin army, baying for my blood, meanwhile the Orc army that I had defeated, also joined the fray.Outnumbered almost 3 to 1, I started the battle, positioning my troops at the crest of a hill, having plenty of time to maneuver as the sheepish Goblin army moved to join their wounded Orc allies. I waited. A line of Thunderers and another of Quarrellers stood in line, ready to shoot. Victory was unlikely, but maybe I could pull off a miracle. It was then that the miracle presented itself. I noticed the Orc Warchief at the front of their lines, severely wounded from our last encounter... If I could just take him out, the low morale of the Orcs and Goblins might shift in my favour.The warchief entered my range and my Quarrellers unleashed their crossbow bolts. As he came even closer, my Thunderers opened up. It was then that the Warchief dropped dead; his body riddled with crossbowbolts and shot. It was as if the ancestors themselves smiled upon the bravery of my men and smote my enemies down for their hubris.The remains of the Orc army instantly routed, charging from the field. I turned the eagerness of my ranged infantry to the more pressing matter of the Goblins. Goblin spearmen charged at my wounded men, enveloping them in a sea of green slimey flesh and primitive spears. They fought hard, standing their ground and finally got the edge again when the Slayer king himself jumped into the tide, immediately flinging half a dozen tiny goblin bodies down the hill. Still, I was heavily outnumbered. Desperate times call for desperate measures. As my Longbeards and Slayers kept the goblins occupied, I marched my ranged units down the hill towards their Goblin shaman who sat toward the back of their ranks. I opened fire with all the fury my men could muster, wounding the fragile leader. Being on the outskirts of the mob, the Slayer king met with the Shaman, leader to leader. As it turns out, a Goblin Shaman is no match for the King of the Slayers, and soon he fell to his axe. With their leaders gone, the Goblins began to fall in droves. They soon realised that it was hopeless as the Thunderers  and Quarrellers joined the fight, supplementing their arsenal for the shield on their backs. The rest of the Goblins fled; my men cut some of them down, but alas, it was a luxury that Dwarves, being much slower than Goblins, would not be able to take advantage of. It didn't matter, against the odds, we had won. With two of their leaders dead, I felt satisfied that we had done enough damage  for one day and I easily occupied their settlement, replacing wood and rusted iron with stone and steel. I nestled in my new settlement, my men gaining much needed respite and reinforcements. I crossed another whiney errand (read: grudge) from my Emo book of dark poetry, assured in the knowledge that the Dwarves wouldn't drown me in their tears - at least not for another turn or two.I love this game.
Music Feeds My Soul	Not Recommended	311.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197967980920/	Bought the base game at 25% off sale. No DLCs.Review of the game:I love the fantasy genre and really like the diversity of units and game mechanics they put into this game. It truly is unique as a Total War game. I binge played and blasted through the Vampire Counts and Empire campaigns and had a lot of fun so far.Reason why I gave thumbs down:I'm really torn. I love TW games, but the DLCs are seriously ridiculous! I understand they want to promote the DLCs, but when you buy a game and more than half of the playable campaign selections are locked and have a greedy little moneybag symbol blocking them, I can't help but see them as middle finger emojis laughing at me. I know it's been said a thousand times before, but I just want to add my voice to the stampede of voices saying "Just ****ing stop it already!" I'm so sick of paying full price for HALF a game.Basically I think the game itself is 10/10 stars, but I'm gonna do what they do to us. I'll give them 5/10 now and in a couple years when the price is like 75% off and I get the DLCs (the other half of my game), I'll give them the other 5 stars.I can NOT recommend this game at full price. If you're fed up like me, please let your money do the talking. Even if you can afford it, don't reinforce this behavior by feeding them your hard earned money. Have a little patience and wait till it goes on sale.----Update 1/6/17----Wow I didn't expect this review to generate that much interest--but it has, which lends creedence to my original point.Addressing some feedback:1) Yes I've been playing it a lot (with mods such as Radious and Conquor Anywhere), which imo add content worthy of actual DLCs but for free. I never said I didn't like the game. My gripe is with the DLC cash grab (and yes it's basically an industry standard, but just because everyone's doing it doesn't make it right). I wrote the review when I had about 30 hours logged, and now I have about 160 hours, but I still stand by my previous opinion. I still have not bought DLCs.2) Like I said in my OP, I can afford to pay the full price, but I disagree with how they charge for a full game but don't give you a full game, then charge for things that should have been included in the original game, and then gouge for additional content. Base game = $60, DLC = $65, which makes it a $125 game.3) I only wrote a few lines about the game itself because I didn't feel like writing a term paper for a review. There are more in-depth reviews of the game itself out there. Do some research and get multiple opinions if you're interested in the game.4) I know it's probably too much to ask, but If you have to resort to insults to make a point, you've already lost the argument.----Update 1/12/17----Ok one more update because I've been following the comment thread and I feel I need to say this:Most of the people who are upset with my review are putting words in my mouth, and thus arguing only against themselves and getting angry in the process. Like I said in my OP, I think it's a good game, but I have a disagreement on how they price it and the DLCs, as well as how they chose to implement their marketing of the DLCs. What I'm advocating is that you wait until it goes on sale, because if you do like the game you're going to want/need the DLCs, but I think they are overpriced.1) I'm NOT telling people that it's a bad game.-It's a good game.2) I'm NOT telling people not to buy the base game.-It has 4 playable factions, but overpriced because they deliberately took out the Chaos warriors (day 1 DLC) just to get you to pay extra for it.3) I'm NOT telling people that I want the game and DLCs for free.-I think $19 for 1 additional faction is too much. I think half that would be reasonable.4) I'm NOT saying I was "conned" into buying the game.-I wanted the game, but had a feeling it was going to feel incomplete which is why I waited until a sale. I personally don't like that they enable DLC for AI, because it feels unbalanced and incomplete as you play against them if you don't have the DLCs.
Nicator	Recommended	916.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SeleukosNikator/	Generally speaking, I wouldn't bother writing a review; however, the current reviews for this game do not really reflect its quality and I felt compelled. Common complaints include: overpriced DLC (a matter of perspective, but a) I disagree, and feel the DLC is generally fair, if slightly more expensive than it needs to be and b) not indicative of the quality of the game, as none of it is necessary to have a complete gaming experience - this is a game where you should play the base game, and buy DLC to extend your time with the game, if you've enjoyed it up until then. Also, buy the DLC on sale if you feel it is too expensive, as none of it is necessary to enjoy the game), Day 1 DLC (a policy CA has since admitted was a mistake, though I would encourage any readers here to do some research into why this policy exists - it makes more sense than viewing this from strictly the consumer's point of view), and various complaints about the mechanics, generally from veterans of the series. Most of this will be a matter of preference, which is why I think that the  fact that this game has a very involved and growing modding community will address these concerns most completely: for those concerned about the incompetent AI (not that any strategy game has a competent AI - if you think the Total War AI is stupid, you must also give negative reviews to every Civ game, paradox game, etc.), there are mods that cause it to create very effective and interesting armies to fight against, and the battle AI is the best it has ever been (in my opinion). Difficulty can also be modified heavily, in game with the 5 difficulty settings, and through mods which make the Campaign AI smarter and/or stronger. Anyone who has played dozens or hundreds of hours of a strategy game will have a laundry list of complaints, and everyone wants games to be cheaper (even though they're far cheaper than they used to be). This game isn't perfect, but it does an excellent job capturing the Warhammer fantasy universe, and provides  a great deal of replayability with a satisfying core gameplay loop. The muliplayer isn't half bad either, although it certainly isn't for everyone.
Cassea Deimos	Recommended	287.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198058151152/	Please note that many of the negative reviews have large amounts of time played. The reviews are based solely on the DLC prices. While that is a valid concern, it is a shame that other gamers will miss out on such an enjoyable game because of that. On top of that, CA creates free content, such as the recent Bretonnia patch, which has been thoroughly enjoyable. I haven't purchased all the DLC and my game does not feel poorer for it.Now that that's out of the way, if I can talk to my fellow lover of shiny things out there: You can play a fay enchantress on a unicorn, a huge stompy tree with a sword, and a wonderfully campy vampire queen in a gorgeous dress. This game is great! I've beaten two campaigns and I still expect to get much more playtime out of the game. I recommend it wholeheartedly.
鸡儿梆硬	Not Recommended	0.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/wywtigerking/	什么！？没官中？排队打架？ 差评退款，不用谢。
Sty	Recommended	70.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/blos/	Great game, continues the TW games to much of my joy :) 55 hours in just playing dwarves only, maybe half-way through campaign and I'm finally starting to snowball.
timmy52	Not Recommended	178.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198131409219/	Fun game, but a company with such contempt for their consumers does not deserve your money.   Day 1 DLC available. If you pay full price for a game, you should get a full game. Outrageous DLC prices. €2,39 for blood effects (wtf?) and €16,- for 1 new race that was already released in the base game (non playable)  The whole Redshell software drama.  It's been released more than two years ago, and it's still at full price.   Don't buy this game  
Who Calls ?	Recommended	133.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198074159150/	The DLC are a bit greedy but it's a good game overall
[oA] Lamb	Recommended	77.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198030660823/	Best Total War to Date. Say what you will about the fantasy setting but this game has added a much needed breath of fresh air
Mig Beamer	Not Recommended	55.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198034607058/	Great game but crappy DLC policy.
Spicy Bagels	Recommended	214.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198154269385/	Where to start... I love the the Warhammer universe and I've been playing Total War games since I had a squeeky voice and no pubes, so when I saw that a Total War: Warhammer game was being released, I litterally couldn't contain my excitement, I even bought a new pc that would be able to run the damn game. So right off the bat, I can say if you like strategy games, especially the fantasy type, GET THIS GAME.GAMEPLAY:So like all Total War games, there are two maps, the campaign map, where you can see various settlements within your line of sight, move your armies/agents; and there's also the battle map, which is selected in relation to where the battle is taking place.Without any DLC, you'll be able to choose from a number of factions in your Grand Campaign; The Empire, Dwarves, Vampire Counts, Greenskins (Orcs) and the recently added FreeLC The Bretonnians (Frenchish, Chivalerous humans) and Von Carsteins (Vampire Count sub-faction). In purchasing the DLC, you can obtain the Chaos Warriors, The Wood Elves and the Beastmen as well as numerous Sub-factions based on existing races. Each faction has different mechanics to others, with the Vampires, you can raise the dead, allowing you to raise armies more quickly than other factions, but you will take attrition if the terrain you walk upon is not afflicted with the undead curse. Dwarfs and other factions have access to the Underway or Secret forest paths, which allows them to cut through mountains and dense forest instead of going around, it also makes them immune to attrition caused by rough or afflicted terrain.Those who play Historical Total War may be disappointed by the limited diplomacy options which were much more extensive in previous TTW games, there are also no seasons or naval combat (which I think they'll be adding in in TTW:W2). The options you get in terms of governing your faction are also very limited compared to previous TTW titles.COMBAT:Well, what can I say, it's a Total War game, it's massive, real-time battles that take place on a battle map, there are also siege battles which I think are really fun. Even against AI I have found myself in battles of 6000 vs 6000, I hope you have a good computer lol. But most of the time, the battles won't be that big, most of them usually falling between the 1000/2000 a side. Engage units head-on with your heavy infantry watching them clatter into the enemy in a spray of blood and gore and then flank them with your cavalry. Use devastating spells to obliterate troops or buff your own. Every battle is unique, although I do like to watch replays of my favortite ones, because I find that I'm too busy micro-managing to appreciate the insane amount of detail that CA and Sega have put into the combat.You start of with a Legendary Lord, with is basically your faction leader, they have their own skill trees and equipment as well as retinues. They also have unique questlines which enables you to unlock their unique gear which is faithful to the tabletop lore. You recruit heros, which also have their own skill trees, equipment and retinues which you can use as scouts, assassins, saboteurs or you can insert them into your armies and use them on the battlefield. PROS:- Good variety of races, each with unique mechanics which enhances replayability.- Good graphics- Good soundtrack- Good variety of maps- All three future games will be combined into a super campaign- You get to kill dwarfs- Beautiful scenery which differs depending on location and terrain corruption- Epic battles- Awesome lore- It's a Total War gameCONS:- Not as many diplomacy options as previous TTW titles, including faction governing- You cannot colonise certain settlements depending on your race, for example, humans cannot colonise dwarf or orc settlements, vice-versa. (workshop mod fixes this)- Dwarfs- DLC abuse (but worth it)VERDICT:I LOVE THIS GAME, I can't recommend it enough, most of the negative reviews on here are butthurt historical fans complaining about the fantasy genre. As much as I do love the historical versions, I can say that this TTW is definitely my favorite. There are some mechanics missing from previous TTW games, which is a shame, but there are also many new ones.The new Total War: Warhammer game that has recently been announced will work as a stand-alone game or it can be combined with the original game (this one) to make a Ultimate campaign, it will add on a new continent to the west and another landmass to the south of the original map. Four new factions have also been announced, and I expect more shall be released as DLC. So I can't stress enough how good this game is and it's just going to keep getting better. The only downside is that like most modern day games, they abuse you with DLC. But hey, I love this game so I can't help but buy it.If you like the TTW series, or want to discover a new strategy game set in a fantasy world. GET THIS GAME. I don't like dwarfs.9/10
Azdan	Not Recommended	79.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/theazdan92/	To make it short: -very good Warhammer game (great lore consistency)-an ok Total War game (missing gameplay mechanics from previous titles, feels somehow barren)Now to the biggest issue I have with this title:The DLC policy is abhorrent. They charge 17 euros for a SINGLE race, when there are still numerous ones to come out. It looks as if they took EA's 'The Sims' strategy, thanks to which by the end of the series you will have to purchase a couple hundred euros/dollars worth of additional content to get the full experience. I can't stand for that. While I do recommend the base game, please, refrain from buying any of the dlc. Let's show that this is not a policy which customers agree with. Thanks for reading. 
Foltest	Recommended	469.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198085114121/	Great strategy game, I highly recommend it to any Total War fan.+Stable+Optimalisation+Rosters+Lore-friendly+Fitting mechanics+Free-LC system-too many DLCs
xeen313	Recommended	405.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198060433751/	Got home from work and appologized to the wife for spending $60 bucks. 83 hours later, apologized for not seeing her for 83 hrs!!!
Wintermist	Recommended	625.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/wintermist/	I'll start with this; Ooooooh man is this game pretty!I'll follow up with this; Ooooooh man the game runs like a dream!So yes, I find it hard to describe the feeling of quality the game radiates. Everything just seem to have been worked on until it's as they wanted it, and nothing else. The feeling I get is like the perfect mix between Total War and Heroes of Might & Magic.All the factions are different, not only the units but they also have a faction specific feature, like Offices for Empire, Raise Dead for Vampires, and so on... Playing another faction really is another faction, and not just recoloured units with changed names.Battles are tough, the AI uses cavalry units so damn well, I keep getting surrounded and hammered on which really have me watch how I do battle more carefully.Lords (Generals) and Heroes (Agents) now have a very solid skill system, much like a roleplaying game, when they level up. Also, Heroes can actually be in the battle with you, you really get the feeling that this is fantasy, and that these people are something out of the ordinary.As I said above, it's like the perfect union of Total War and Heroes of Might & Magic.
Imnotacop12	Not Recommended	3.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198038507596/	DLC policy is disgraceful.
The Squirrel King	Recommended	304.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198082101280/	Total War: Warhammer isn't the most in-depth of the Total War games, I'll admit it. I also own Attila and I'll say Attila is far more in depth and complex than Warhammer.That being said, it does not mean that Warhammer is a bad game. Far from it. Warhammer is absolutely amazing. What you get instead of very in-depth politics, diplomacy, and city management, is a highly fun and addictive battle system. The visuals on the campaign map and the battlefields alike are gorgeous, ready to be littered with the bodies of the men of your armies and the armies of your foes alike.Instead of the traditional Light - Heavy units in previous games, you get specific unit types, each with their own weaknesses. Great weapon infantry will easily be able to crush regular, often shielded infantry. However, they won't be able to advance on missile troops without being riddled with arrows or bullets. So there is still a great deal of thinking that has to go into composing your army. Especially with the monstrous units, which can range from trolls, to giants, to undead dragons, to daemonic manticores.Speaking of which, let's go into how unique each faction feels. As they are all incredibly distinct:The Empire is the most basic familiar faction to Total War, so it's recommended that you start out as them. They play essentially as you would expect with no real special tricks added to them. Though their unit roster is interesting, with Demigryph cavalry that wreak havoc on infantry, and steam tanks that can devestate opponents from afar.There are the Dwarfs, who are also a good starting point. Though they lack cavalry, and due to a certain height disadvantage, are often slow. But they have qutie a few flying units; Gyrocopters that can bomb enemies and swoop down to deal some major damage and soften up units. They also have a feature called "The Book of Grudges," which requires you to get revenge on enemies quickly, as the more grudges that pile up, the more penalties you will face. Ex: One of your armies is attacked and defeated, you will get a "Grudge" that orders you to defeat that lord's army. The longer it remains, the worse relations you'll have with other Dwarf factions, and public order will gradually lower.There's the Greenskins, who are incredibly savage in both a lore sense, and a gameplay sense. If Greenskin armies do not fight for a while, their "Fightiness" meter will go down. If it reaches a certain low level, they will start suffering attrition, as soldiers will begin fighting each other. With more veteran armies, it's easier to manage, but fresh armies cannot simply sit around, they have to go out and fight. They've got quite a few monsters at their disposal; Trolls, giants, and even giant spiders.Vampire Counts are one of the more unique ones, in the sense that they cannot simply march through enemy territory. They have to make sure the province their in has enough Vampiric Corruption, or else they will suffer attrition. This can be done by sending agents into the province, or by attacking a nearby, unguarded town and capturing it. Likewise, units of other, non-vampire armies will suffer attrition in lands that have a certain level of Vampiric corruption. Lords also have unique ability called "Raise the Dead" which allows them to instantly recruit units, often after a battle and some units have fallen is this a good idea. They've got all the kind of units you'd expect from an undead army; Flying, monstrous bat creatures, zombies, skeletal knights, and those previously mentioned undead dragons that lords and heroes can ride upon.Bretonnia, a Free-LC faction that is essentially France with Arthurian legend. They have a Chivalry system which will provide them benefits for chivalrous acts, like burning down the settlement of non-humans such as Greenskins. However, Chivalry can be lost by doing things such as sacking settlements, or setting armies into raiding positions. As expected with a faction that has Arthurian influences, they are reliant on a lot of knights, very cavalry heavy faction. The downside of this is that their infantry is incredibly weak. Very low leadership and easily broken, though their archers can do a good bit of damage from afar. Early game they are challenging, but getting cavalry later game makes things a good bit easier.The Warriors of Chaos, an actual DLC faction, that I did get for free because I bought the game during the first week. Personally my favorite, but that's because I like the aesthetic, and being evil. The only DLC faction that I'll include here because I do not own the others. They are a Horde faction, they are unable to conquer any settlements. They can either sack them, or raze them to the ground. They are also able to "Awaken" certain Norscan Tribes (Think Vikings, but instead of worshipping Oden and the Aesir, they worship daemons hellbent on destroying the world) to act as their military allies after defeating certain settlements near their starting position. They are quite a challenge initially, as armies cannot be too close to each other, or they'll suffer attrition, as they'll fight each other. They can also spread Chaos corruption in provinces, like Vampiric corruption, that will cause non-chaos armies to suffer attrition. Unlike Vampire armies, however, they can walk on non-corrupted lands, though they are also affected by Vampiric corruption. Their units range from Vikings, to armor clad warriors with skulls adorning their helms, to daemonic manticores, to chaos corrupted dwarfs operating artillery that fires eldritch bolts. TL;DR: It's fun. Reccomend for any Total War fan, any Warhammer fan who enjoys the End Times, when this takes place, and grand strategy games. Unique factions. Slightly simplified overall. Great graphics. Terrific sound. Fun.
Stormlne	Recommended	247.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SpyCake/	So, your favourite tabletop game got axed and you've set fire to your 3000$ army out of despair. Whoops!Now you're wondering what to do next as your hobby has quite literally turned into smoke. This might be the time for you to consider getting into a new hobby! Luckily for you Warhammer Fantasy didn't quite die yet as Creative Assembly has raised this franchise from the dead and gloriously implemented it into their Total War series in the form of Total War: Hammer.If you're new to the Total War series, it's a strategy game that consists of two parts.The first being a turn based strategy on a campaign map where you manage your empire's well-being, develop your cities, send out your agents to do your bidding (and critically fail every time), engage in beautifully random diplomacy with your neighbours, bolster your armies with new recruits and send said armies into the eternal meatgrinder where they will inevitably die on the fields of battle. The second part of the game is where total war really shines, and with the added fantasy tropes of warhammer it becomes a spectacle to behold. It becomes a real time strategy where you take control of your armies in a system where your units are in squads of multiple models each (ranging from 1 model of a giant to 120+ empire swordsmen/spearmen per squad!) and with the addition of magic,beasts and monsters from warhammer it has elevated total war to new heights. Try numerous formations and tactics that you thought up while on the toilet as they fail miserably and you revert to the good old hammer and anvil.This game has a bit of a learning curve, but all the information you need is readily available and it's as simple as hoovering your mouse over what you're interested in as it shows you a tooltip. The Pros : Beautiful aesthetics, especially the campaign mapThe battles are more interesting and diverse than ever beforeAmazing singleplayer campaign with lots of replayabilityThey really cut down on the turn times from previous installmentsLarge and developer supported modding scene, as is the case with all total war installmentsActive multiplayerFaithfull (to some extend) recreation of the old world and its factionsWith the addition of the other 2 Total War: Warhammer games in the trilogy the games will merge and you will be able to play a grand campaign featuring a combined map from all 3 games (that is if you buy the other 2 games) The Cons : If you are completly new, you might be a bit overwhelmed at first. The game has 5 difficulty settings so you can atleast find what works for you and play at your own paceOlder fans of the franchise argue that battle length has been shortened, thus making the game feel a bit arcade-ishQuite a bit of content is from DLC packs which are on the pricey side (17.50€ for a race with its own underwhelming mini campaign) can be a turn off if you're on a tight budgetBridge,naval and small settlement battles are not in the game while the siege battles have been overly simplified with a one sided wallLoading times are on the longer side which is understandable (an SSD solves this as your loading times go from 1-3 minutes to 15-20 seconds)TL:DR Total War: Warhammer is an amazing game and a fantastic addition of warhammer into the total war scene.It is however not without its faults and if you're interested in getting into it, you should do a bit of research before dropping 60€ into uncharted territory. Despite this I still whole heartedly recommend this game to old and new fan alike as you will undoubtebly sink hunderds of hours into this game. And remember, never trust the dwarfs.
Unejin	Recommended	110.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/unejinmakimura/	Good game, too many DLC, wait for a sale.
Tötsä	Recommended	90.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198016284797/	Me: Have to go to work in 1 hour, mayyybe i'll just check the greenskin campaign...*3 Hours later*Boss calls: Where the f¤"k are you?Me: WAAAGH!!!
matt.crazy99	Not Recommended	233.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198095414914/	I'm tired of it.I have played hundreds of hours on multiple total war games. I've crashed through hundreds of lines of infantry with general's bodyguards in Rome total war, I've Raised Scotland to topple the European Hegemony in Medieval total war 2, Fought for the right to rule over the Senātus Populusque Rōmānus in Rome 2, Traveled across the globe and others in Empire and Warhammer. Now we come to the end. After hundreds of hours of diving into the games and supporting the franchise we are given what? THIEVES, LIARS, AND SCUMThose who have taken this journey with me know what I am talking about. The Developers have not even released games yet and they already have DLCs???? THEY SHOULD BE IN THE GAME ALREADY! You want to tell me that I should have to pay for each and every one of the factions in the game seperately from a $60 dollar game?? On top of that you want to tell me you already have them setup and ready to be integrated and yet you are only doing it to take more money from us? Where are the days of medieval where the factions could be unlocked by the skill of the player not the thickness of their wallets? They've lied to us. For example we are told that Rome Total War 2 was going to have great ai, they were ready to launch, and there wouldn't be DLC scams but additional content to the game. You wanna guess which of those actually was true? NOT A SINGLE ONE! Are you kidding me? I had to wait a whole year just to play without crashing when I had a computer above the recommended requirements. Even then the game is literally the ai building full armies and the only way to win is building more stupid enormous stacks then they do to win and thats literally the whole game. On top of that they force you to pay for factions that are clearly already in the base game to begin with and would be the favorites of many to play as. They kept Sparta from us that is what first left a sour taste in my mouth a faction clearly they kept from us so people would pay to play as them. Its digusting the levels the developers have fallen to. To top it all they literally are fine with giving each and everyone of their loyal followers spyware hidden in all the total war games that takes their information without their permission or consent. This was the final straw. How dare they try and backtrack and think that it is enough after simply removing a spyware THEY put in and only stopped when they were caught in the act? We are supposed to trust people that would do this? In case you are wondering the spyware is named Red Shell and I will put a link to a video to learn more below as well as the other games affected by this. This is just ridiculous and I have to wonder if there shouldn't be larger scale ramifications for this I know I won't simply let this go as these developers would have us do.I have loved the total war series and supported it every step of the way, but no longer. Get rid of the scam DLCs, give enough time to actually build a full game instead of one that should be pre-alpha or early access, and actually think about your legacy and fanbase before dollar signs. Until then everyone I hope you can find something worth it left in this series that I can't, because I'm tired of trying to pretend that these practices are acceptable.Red Shell Information Video:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wF-umETMsSgGames Affected By Red Shell So Far(This comes from AlexSpeed one who originally raised awareness):Elder Scrolls Online ( Removed it )Conan Exiles ( Removed it )Ylands ( Removed it )Holy Potatoes! We’re in Space?! ( Removed it )All Total War games, ( Pledged to remove it )Warhammer: Vermintide II, ( Removed it )My Time At Portia, ( Removed it )Dead by Daylight, ( Removed it )Battlerite, ( Pledged to remove it )AER Memories of Old, ( Pledged to remove it )Magic the Gathering Arena (closed beta & not on Steam), ( Removed it )Secret World Legends ( Pledged to remove it )Hunt: Showdown ( Pledged to remove it )Escapists 2 ( Removed it )Omensight ( Removed it )Ballistic Overkill ( Pledged to remove it )Vaporum ( Removed it )Tales from Candlekeep: Tomb of Annihilation ( Removed it )Yoku's Island Express ( Removed it )Clone Drone in the Danger Zone ( Removed it )The Wild Eight ( Removed it )Desolate ( Removed it )Trailmakers ( Removed it )Raging Justice ( Removed it )Dungeon Rushers ( Removed it )Indygo ( Removed it )Kerbal Space Program ( Removed it )Quake Champions (no redshell dll files, seems to be integrated in game ) ( Pledged to remove it )NosTale ( Pledged to remove it )SoulWorker ( Pledged to remove it )RockShot ( Pledged to remove it )Archangel: Hellfire ( Removed it )Skyworld ( Removed it )Eternal Card Game ( Removed it ).Games still using Redshell according to community reports (as of 28.06.2018):Civilization VI,Guardians of Ember (Publisher removed from Steam),The Onion Knights (Publisher removed from Steam),Heroine Anthem Zero,Warhammer 40k Eternal Crusade,KrosmagaSniper Ghost Warrior 3Astro Boy: Edge of TimeCabals: Card BlitzCityBattle | Virtual EarthDoodle GodDoodle God BlitzDoodle God: Genesis SecretsLabyrinthMy Free Farm 2ShadowverseSOS & SOS ClassicStoniesWar RobotsSurvived ByInjustice 2Warriors: Rise to Glory!League of PiratesThe House of Da Vinci
Alvaraz	Not Recommended	68.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Alvaraz/	total war: DLC edition FEAT Spyware
Silent Hastati	Recommended	278.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197988774671/	Cavalry charges actually work again, units have weight, and factions have variety again. A good return to form after Rome II and especially the factional blandness of Attilla . Runs reasonably well, comparable to Rome 2, but don't expect to run it at ultra 60fps unless you have topend hardware, and even then it may be iffy. AMD users supposedly should get better performance due to hardware based Asynch Compute when running in DX12, but as an Nvidia user I can't confirm that.Loading times are a bit iffy, but I won't say for sure as I am running a budget harddisk, so it may simply be the system. However if you were the type to play Divide Et impera mod for R2, it is much faster, but that's more a comment on DEI than TW:W. Conversely, turn times are perhaps the fastest they've been since Mideval 2. And difficulty. This is perhaps one of the most ball busting TWs yet, which some may find good, others less so.Lastly MP. I have no idea how the MP is because the servers are completely hammered right now because of launch, but sadly from previews I can say it is more of R2 and Attilla style MP than the Avatar Conquest of Shogun. There is a mod on the workshop that moves the secondary Lord to a new faction of the same race, and I highly reccomend it for co-op play so you can both be the same race however.Edit: No idea why, but texture detail seems to have a massive framerate impact. Dialing it down from Ultra to High made it so I could run at a decent 40-50fps in battles with an aging GTX 760. Probably the first time I've had texture detail severly effect framerate as opposed to just causing loading issues or ram issues.Edit 5/26: The game has been out 51 hours and I've logged 30. That should sum it up.
Ellan	Recommended	244.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198211082984/	I'm a simple man.I play the game, I enjoyed the game,I upvote the game.I would consider this the best Total War game since their last masterpiece; Shogun 2
Temp950	Not Recommended	157.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198016884143/	Buying the game gets you half of it. That is the sort of slimy, underhanded policy pushed by CA and SEGA. I have never seen a more disgusting DLC practice than I have with this game. Day one DLCs were included in this game. Several factions are either unplayable without paying another 10 dollars or so, or don't even appear in the game without paying for it. That is how awful a company CA has become. The game itself is ok, but there is little value for the cost. Imagine a game asking you to pay extra just to add blood... and it doesn't even do a good job of it.  Even worse, this game does not allow modding. How could it? people would simply add new content that is fun without paying an arm and a leg for it. When you buy a game, you should get a game. Not half of one. Its one thing if they added a new campaign and it was a DLC, but this game has obviously had content taken out of it to be resold at an extra cost, and this sort of practice should never be condoned or supported.
emcdunna	Recommended	610.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198013968015/	This game is awesome.If you are a fan of either Warhammer OR total war, this game is for you!CA has done a great job bringing the warhammer world to life. The game is very streamlined so that anyone who knows basic RTS/strategy games will be able to learn how to play quickly, and anyone who knows how to play warhammer Tabletop will be able to pick it up quickly. Tabletop players, for the price, this game is a STEAL! Especially compared to how much we pay for Warhammer models. Every possible downside to this game is currently modded by a healthy modding community. If you dont like regional occupation, theres a mod for that. If you don't like empire's floppy hats, theres a mod for that. If you want more empire knightly orders, THERES A MOD FOR THAT!If you have a decent amount of free time, a decent computer, and a desire to dive into the warhammer Old world, then buy this game and binge play it all night long! :) I bought it on release day and I have played it as many hours as I could since then. Anyway highly recommend. The negative reviews saying the game doesnt work are all discussing an issue only present on the release day, almost all issues have been resolved since that time.
Luci	Recommended	1,263.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197981645491/	The best Warhammer fantasy Game ever made. The unique races, the magic, the heroes, the monsters, the immense satisfaction of charging cavalry is at it´s absolute finest in this fantasy Total War. It has the best battle AI in all of total wars history. A beautiful campaign map that will only increase in size with new expansions. 300 hours played and I have yet to show signs of getting bored. All for the price of 68€! (with DLC. No beatmen DLC because not beastmen fan ^^) Now that is some money/value ratio. Not to forget how the sieges have been reworked. No longer the insanity of conqeuring rome with one Ballista because the AI could´t handle that...or defending a city with 5 units at choke points against a whole army, putting the 300 movie to shame. It´s not yet perfect. But I have yet to have a boring siege! Critique: 4-6 building slots does not give much options. Would love to have 8 for main and 6 for smaller settlements. Diplomacy still needs more work. Please bring back the gifting region option so the end game is not such an extreme time intensive grind to finish. 300 h playtime in...and I have yet to completely finish a campaign.Anyway I can´t wait to see what Warhammer TW will look like after the expansions and the full glory of Chaos, Lizardmen, Elves, Tombkings ect. is unleashed. Tipp: buy the blood and gore DLC!!!
knightspear14	Recommended	108.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198140771109/	Good game. Closest thing we will get to lord of the rings for now.DLC's overpriced. The whole game is overpriced, but its still a fun game.
Worsleychase	Recommended	538.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Worsleychase/	❤ Audience :☐ Kids☑ Everyone☐ Casual players☐ Pro players☼ Graphics :☐ Potato☐ Really bad☐ Bad☐ OK☐ Good (for what it is)☑ Beautiful (with few mods)☐ Masterpiece€ Price / quality : ☐ Full price☑ Wait for sale☐ Average☐ Refund it if you can☐ Dont do it€ Requirments (depends a lot on mods you using) :☐ 90' PC☐ Minimum (without mods)☐ Medium ☑ Fast☐ High end ( big rockets, a lot of mods)☐ NASA computer☼ Difficulty :☐ You just need 2 arms ☐ Ez☑ Easy to learn / Hard to master ☐ Hard (first few hours)☐ Dark souls€ Game time☐ Really short ( 0 - 2 hours)☐ Short ( 2 - 8 hours)☐ Few hours ( 8 - 12 hours)☐ Long ( 12+ hours)☑ Endless (It's incredibly easy to get caught up in it)@ Story (This means in game story not the history)☐ It doesnt have☐ Still better than Twilight☐ Average☐ Good☑ Fantastic§ Bugs☐ Game itself is one big BUG☐ Bugs destroying the game☐ Lot of bugs☑ Few Bugs☐ You can use them for speedrun☐ NothingOthers:Multiplayer: Very diverse with many mods and always has a group just for you.Mod selection: Tons of different mods through workshop/forum.Overall: 9.2/10
Lord_of_Hamsters	Recommended	138.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198057278851/	Terrible DLC policy, awesome game. I'll give it a thumbs up, because I know the complete-edition is going to be amazing!
Comrade Mcghee Foulmouth	Recommended	164.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198076603075/	Total war Warhammer is an absolutely fantastic strategy game and is easily my favourite game at the moment. It is a great  game  but  it is  not  very complex for a strategy game even compared to other total war games. The sieges  are done  done  poorly in my opinion as there is really not much variation in how you can attack or defend they seemed to have taken a step back from Attila where sieges escalated buildings burnt which caused morale drops which I thought was an interesting mechanic . There is also   town battles which is a shame as those battles where some of my favourite battles to play  in earlier TW games. in Warhammer  there is  no navy, this   may be due to lore reasons that there is no navy but I don't really know or it could be due to constraint in the map which seems very likely as well.CA has  handled the fantasy setting very well such as  having exaggerating  things such as flying 50 metres from a cavalry charge but that just helps immerse you into the fantasy  world. The unit design,campaign map which is dynamic with chaos and vampire corruption or if it is inhabited by different races.As I have said before I love the game but as other people have pointed out is that the dlc is ridiculous chaos which is one of the most integral factions in the lore is locked behind a 9 USD paywall which is kind of frustrating. Also the grim and the grave dlc really only added in two new lords and a few new units which is lackluster for The price when mods such as radious total units mod adds 215 custom units, but what can you expect it is a total war game but that is not an excuse for putting probably the most integral faction to the lore chaos behind a Pay wall.
♛ Pana ♛	Not Recommended	13.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ixma25/	CA was just caught inserting RedShell spyware into their games. While some people are stating RedShell transmits purely harmless analytics data, the fact that CA was completely silent about it looks shady. Simply deleting the RedShell file will cause Steam to download it again when you launch the game, and if you block the ports RedShell uses to communicate then your game will not launch.People thinking of buying this game should be aware.For more information check out:https://old.reddit.com/r/pcgaming/comments/8s0uxv/psa_civ_vi_total_war_eso_ksp_and_more_contain_a/https://old.reddit.com/r/pcgaming/comments/8s3zy2/how_to_create_a_batch_to_block_redshell/ 
creme_de_la_bear	Recommended	1,471.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/bear_ops/	most polished on launch tw game I've played in years, here are a few positives/negatives. after 30 hours of vc legendary campaign before my gpu exploded.* - the overworld campaign map is slightly simplified in terms of economic variety*- no reload animation/climbing down siege walls animation- lord v lord battles look a little wonky, perhaps paired animations for lord -v- lord would help out.-no army painter/ability to colour yourself as a subfaction in singleplayer/multiplayer. would have been nice to represent my favourite blue humans (middenheim) in multiplayer. but there are mods at least already changing your skin colour to subfactions.+ai- campaign map ai can and will be aggressive and actually respond to threats, on my campaign for example grimgor and his 2 stacks abandoned the siege of an estalian town to beeline towards my vampire armies I were mustering on the borders to go in and mop the scraps.+- battle ai. enemy cavarly will disengage and continue to circle around looking for forces to hit in the back, forest battles against an aggressive enemy are genuinely unnnerving. ai is definately better but obviously still cheesable by 'sniping' or 'baiting' out defensive enemies.+battle variety. its ♥♥♥♥ing fun. differing factions means I'm having a very different time all over. best time I've had in battlesI could keep going on, but after being bitter about this game for over a year I'm incredibly suprised with just how fun +varied it is.buy it if you like total war OR warhammer and think you are a bad enough dude to take n the old world 
Antares	Not Recommended	332.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198024671371/	First of all, to get the complete base game, you also need to purchase "The King and the Warlord" and "The Grim and the Grave" DLC. They contain units that have been cut off from the game, some of which are crucial to their factions, especially Corpse Cart and Mortis Engine for the vampire counts.Many other DLC had their prices inflated by being bundled with extra short campaigns that nobody asked for and hardly anyone ever played.The game itself currently functions as a DLC for TW:Warhammer 2, required to play the mortal empires campaign.
[ZurGG] drewbobjoe	Recommended	23.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Drewbobjoe/	Haven't bought any DLC at time of writing, still pretty good.  It's a bit annoying how expensive it is if you want to buy DLC, but it is still better than other Total War games for variety and enjoyment.  Every base race feels different to play and has different strategies to win, unlike previous Total War games where the strategy was to stack artillery or whatever happened to be brokenly good in that game.  I have no problems with the balance in this one.
UsernameWasTaken	Not Recommended	180.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/GreenNigga77/	Good game.Terrible dlc policy.
Richard	Recommended	112.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/throwaway_hero/	88 Hours in, and I can safely state that this is the Total War fantasy crossover we've all been waiting for. Hell, I'd hoped for LOTR, but this is actually better and I'm no fan of Games Workshop. I associate it with strange kids who paint models. If that describes you, I'm sorry.Pros:+Diverse and varied factions. Each faction has its own mechanics which contributes to a steeper learning curve, but also many more hours of rewarding fun.+Awesome battles. Arguably the best seen so far in the TW series.+The campaign is long, but tense throughout and fun as hell. You face constant threats and challenges. There are sometimes moments of relief, but they are soon overtaken by moments of major tension. This campaign really keeps the pressure on.+Stunning visuals. I don't have the blood DLC yet, but the combat is spectacular without it. You'll find yourself losing concentration in battle because you end up focusing on the minutae: whether it's watching your Lord ripping enemy troops to pieces, or keeping an eye on that giant destroying your army. It's hard not to watch in awe.+Immersion. I've never played any Warhammer games before, but this creates a very typical and competent western fantasy setting (think Warcraft) for a Total War game. I couldn't help but really get in-character as the Vampire/Undead faction, they were a blast to play.+New unit types such as 'large', 'monstrous infantry', 'monsters', 'beasts' and 'flying' as well as heroes (all agents are now usable in battle and act as Warcraft-esque hero units with special abilities, spells etc).Cons:-Very steep learning curve. I say this as a huge fan of TW (especially Shogun 2 with over 800 hours played). This is both a reward and a curse. It makes the game tougher but gives it more longetivity.-Auto-resolve odds are RIDICULOUS in this game. Even on easy mode it'll tell you it's basically impossible to win a battle when it's actually really easy with some basic strategy (often as a result of the hero and large units mentioned before). I try to avoid using auto as much as possible due to this.-Potential for imbalance. With the sheer variance in factions and unit types, there are some imbalances, but nothing too serious.-Half of the campaign factions and 2/3 of the campaign types are DLC. Granted, I don't own any of them and have spent plenty of time playing the base game, and I've only really learned how to effectively play as 1 (of 4) base-game factions in that time. This isn't a major complaint, in fact it's far more optional than it sounds. I will probably buy the DLC in future after I've played a few hundred hours.In the end, we have a fantastic Total War game that is totally unique and innovative in the series. I find it hard to complain about it. And I look forward to playing TW:WH2.
Pythagoras	Recommended	1,082.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198021489171/	I'm a long time WHF player and I have to say I love everything about this game.  To see the models and the feel of the old world so accuratly represented in a game that just gets more and more fun is so refreashing.  I've missed Fantasy since they killed it and playing this game really reminded me of games i played with my buddies back in the day.  If you like stratagey games I really think you'll love this one.  It may take some time to get use to the lords and monsters just bashing your well thought out lines, but that's what warhammer is about!
Abear	Recommended	343.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Abexis/	The game has the seal of of the Elector Counts.I go for immersion when I play so, for me, the greatest feature is the ability to choose a race that fits your play style the best. Of the 5 races in the game, I've played as 3. Here are their stories:Dwarves: They fight to reclaim lost lands. When you use them, you have to play defensively. You drive the hordes of Greenskins from your mountains and right the ancestral wrongs. They are a slow campaign. But honestly, nobody ever looked at a Dorf and thought, "This guy... this guy's on the track team." God, watching their stumpy march drives me crazy. Love their variety of artillery though. And they have flamethrowers. You can literally kill things with fire.Vampire Counts: Total Subjugation. The Vampire Count armies have two flavors. Monsters and undead trash. I went the undead trash route and threw endless armies of zombies at everything until their heroes fell under the weight of the dead. It's got a kind of shambling majesty when you watch 3000 zombies and skeletons just engulf a formation of shining Brettonian Knights. You know they're doomed. But you kinda want to seem them put up a fight.Chaos: FHOORR KAAOSSS. My personal favorite. No worrying about settlements. No worrying about income. No worrying about Diplomacy. You just run your angry armored Ape train through every settlement in the old world. They are awesomely terrifying because they seem so ANGRY.I have 2 complaints. The first and most irksome is that the multiplayer is exceptionally bare bones and offers no ranking or matchmaking. It's a mess and a downgrade from previous Total Wars. The Generals (Lords) have fixed skill trees that do not allow you customize the lord to complement your army. A pity because the lords in this game are such engines of destruction/ paladins of buffing. I feel this could have been easy to implement. The lack of ranking also makes this a distasteful affair.The other complaint is the lack of giblets and entrails. Not really a complaint. When the Blood and Gore DLC comes out, I better see people exploding into bloodmist and leaving bits and pieces everywhere or I'm telling Khorne. And he'll f you up.
Arnoldo	Recommended	67.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198005706618/	I bought this game and spent a full work week (ca: 40 h) on it the first week I had it and managed to complete one map on the human campaign. It was extremely addictive and I had a lot of fun even though I cursed quite a lot, but who doesn't when you are immersed in the game?This game probably won't appeal to everyone but if you like great battles and slow paced more strategic combat mixed with Heroes of the might and magic styled-map browsing (walking with your commanders around the map), you're in for a treat. The graphics (details and animations) are amazing considering the scale of the battles! I ran this game on 2xGTX970 with SLI and it worked really well.
jollyupgrade	Not Recommended	16.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198273676384/	used spyware on me no thank you. don't care if you dumped it or not you'll never get another install or another dollar
estaria_valens	Recommended	493.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198046392023/	I usually aim for 2 hours of entertainment per dollar invested.  At 492 hours invested, it would be worthwhile to buy at $246.  Even with all the DLC, it wasn't anywhere near $100.  I got a great return on investment.  If you are a Warhammer junkie, you may have issues with some of the choices made.  If you have never really done the Warhammer thing, but like this kind of game, It's a no brainer.  If you like civilization conquering games, and  RTS battles.  It's a no brainer.People have given it a negative review because of the DLC practices, and that is a valid choice.  If you don't like the practice of a studio releasing content as they go, this is not the game for you.  Personally, I don't disapprove of the practice.  The consumer is the one spending money.  They are not honor-bound to buy every dlc.  I disapprove of people giving a game a negative review, even though they loved the game, because they chose to spend extra money on it.  The game is fantastic, though.
Ducksey	Not Recommended	154.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198026004121/	2,5€ to unlock gore in a war game7,5€ to unlock a faction that's already in the game18€ for the first of many still missing factionsThere are better content mods for free on the Workshop.Stop taking a huge♥♥♥♥♥♥on your users.
Solace	Not Recommended	249.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mbeach12065/	Amazing game, great expansions via DLC, good 'Warhammer' feel.Can NOT recommend.Why? CA often abandons their older games after introducing game breaking bugs when patching the newer versions (See: Empire: Total War vs Napolean Total War. Empire was horribly broken and left alone in favor of releasing the latter. Also Medieval Total War 2 armor/shield bug for knights causing NEGATIVE armor unless you bought the Kingdoms expansion..)In Warhammer's case, two of the factions have critical elements that are non-functional in the campaign (Specifically, Multiplayer).Wood Elves & Clan Angrund Dwarves can -not- confederate in multiplayer due to a bug introduced in a DLC intended for Warhammer Total War 2 (which also impacted 1). This bug on TWW:1 has been known at -least- since August 2017 and was even confirmed by a CA staff member on their official forums.It is still not fixed.Can not recommend.I will alter my review accordingly if it is ever fixed... Maybe. 8 months have passed and it remains unfixed.......
KKnight13	Not Recommended	55.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198072482064/	A continuation of everything that is going wrong with the total war franchise. The build system becoming almost irrelevant, battles becoming even shorter and more about timing special abilities and less about tactics. AI trying to be annoying rather than achieve anything, DLC becoming increasingly required to unlock content that would have been included in the earlier games and the siege battles are still hampered by poor AI despite the huge simplification to fortifications.
Eternal Blowjob	Recommended	515.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198102769620/	Expensive? Yes. A unique, authentic, and epic warhammer experience? Yes.Almost endless replay value made even more so with monthly updates for years to come? Yes.A dev team who listens and communicates with the community? Yes.If you have the cash, this game is highly recommended. There's no strategy game (turn-based and real-time) that can give you the epic experience of W:TH. The DLC do add up but they are added to the campaign whether or not  you purchase them; you just can't play as them.
Damien	Recommended	398.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Daelthas/	Leaving the "historically correct" settings was probably the best possible thing for the TW-series. This is the most enjoyable campaign I've ever played in a TW-game and I have a hard time going back to the older games.Highly recommended!
Asphyxion	Recommended	317.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198007022771/	Warhammer fan? Why are you reading this? Go play the game already.Is the game good for everyone else? Yes, it's a solid game imho but bear in mind that my opinion is biased since I'm a huge fan of both Total War and Warhammer.Technical and grapicsFirst off, in regards to launch problems I'm aware there are some but I have not experienced any except for hanging during battles twice in 30 hours playtime. I'm playing on a 2 year old(top level at that time) gaming laptop and everything runs fine on medium/high settings. The grapics are great even on this settings and honestly I can't wait to get to play it on a non laptop 1080 GTX in Ultra setting later this summer when I'll be upgrading.Be warned that there are technical problems for some people so you might want to check up on that before buying the game. If you're unsure you can try it for two hours(which is definitely sufficient) to determine if it works. If it doesnt simply refund the game.The BadI like starting off with the bad and ending with the good. Of course there are bad things with the game and some of them are subjective while others might be objective. Many of these are subjective of course and people like playing the game differently.Agents on the map are fairly OP imo and agents cannot be specced properly into defensive roles when embedded into an army. I prefer running my agents in my armies but the enemy pretty much spam me with tons of agent actions every turn. There seems to be no defensive bonus for embedding your agents into armies which is wierd considering they take up a unit slot after all. The AI also never use the embedding feature at all. I never once faced a warrior priest on the actual field for instance, instead they run around like crazy on the campaign map. Somewhat immersion breaking. The same total war agent ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t is still around where your agents got ♥♥♥♥♥♥ chances and the enemies seems to cripple you a lot. Balancing wise I felt like Orcs needed a heavy nerf when playing as the Empire, I basically lost to an army of 50% archers since they just ran away and I didnt even have access to cavalry yet so I had one unit of Empire Knights that actually lost to the archers after a while.(At least the AI seems competent) Archers is not a problem at all if you're playing Chaos though and only recruit shield units. Which is how I solved this since there is nothing on this earth I hate more than enemy archers(subjective opinion ;)). I have however heard more people confirming that Orks seem a bit OP in the campaign. Especially when playing on VH/Legendary. I also dislike Orks as a faction so bear in mind I may be biased here. There are tons of small things that go in here like how hard it actualy is to maintain chaos corruption in provinces that you moved way past and are at the top of the map. Corruption should not decrease in provinces that you already passed. Maybe a mechanic of it spreading from the Chaos Wastes and downward together with your lords as they move would be appropriate here.Diplomacy is as usual very badly done, they should have worked something better out between the various Empire factions and the Chaos-Norsca relation, where the AI of Norscans doesnt seem to know how to support you properly on the map even if you set coordination targets. Their idea of underworld travel is a lazy prospect at best. I'd have expected a real underworld where the map shifts much alike Heroes of Might and Magic so this is a disappointement. What I'd like to see are select entrances to the underworld thus giving us more fun choke points as mountains either needs to be passed below or through sparsely places mountain passes. Currently, mountains do not feel like a hindrance or change of environment at all. Of course, non dwarves/skaven/goblins should have a penalty for traversing in this "real" underground I'm mentioning. Many obvious places for DLC whoring. Hopefully some of this will be free. The GoodThe AI is actually pretty solid this time around and I have not found them doing stupid stuff that were standard in previous games. Siege battle AI is solid when they are on the defense and they actually try and defend their walls properly. This is a huge plus. Siege battles are remade and made less into a waiting game and more engaging which is good in my opinion. Towers now have range over the entirety of the map pretty much but with a limited fire angle making it possible to avoid them by moving past the small angle or getting in close. Towers are pretty strong as well so it actually feels like defenders have an advantage. Bear in mind I have not played a single defensive seige since I've been playing Chaos and only a small bit of Empire.Both battles and campaign are improved upon and I find myself fighting more battles than in previous games. The Campaign map is really nicely done. They actually put a lot of effort in improving the very core gameplay.Factions diversity is amazing and the factions feel as unique as they should. There are a fair variety of units and I hope more are added. I'd also like to see some more variants of Empire state troops. Matters of TasteIt takes a very very long while to get the top tier units. I got Chaos Knights at around turn 160 and probably 25 hours played. I might just be bad though. ;)Siege battles as mentioned above. They also removed minor settlements completely and these battles now play out on the battle map. I like field engagement so for me this is in the green slightly but I still like the immersion of actually seeing the town close by. Would be cool if there was some town environments but the battle was still more in the shape of a field battle.Powerful Lords. For me this is a big plus since RP options are so massively expanded but for some of the more hardcore historical TW fans this will be an obvious negative since they dislike the fact of one man being as powerful as 100. I do wonder how it plays out with the lords on smaller unit sizes though, I am playing on Ultra unit size as a total war game should be played. Things seems to take time and the campaign pace seems slower than previous TW games, for me this is a good thing. SummaryThere are some good and some bad aspects with the game. It's a bit of an uncut gem at the moment but most problems with balancing can be solved with mods of course. The game is fun and I believe total war fans will like it since it plays like a TW game with some modifications. For Warhammer fans this is a must have, you need it! It's the Mark of Chaos game we all wanted. Even though I actually liked MoC this game is obviously a lot better. I personally enjoy the game despite some shortcomings. If you're looking for a perfect game and you're not really that interested in strategy games or fantasy you should probably just go buy the latest cash cow franchise FPS game(CoD). But if you're into fantasy and strategy games I'd highly recommend the game. I'm also very confident it will be improved upon as we see more factions and playability added into the game.
Mr. Dennis	Recommended	8.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198081148423/	In order to play the game as well as all the DLCs, you must sell at least one of your kidneys. PS: I am not quite sure that making the player base pay to actually see a blood coming out of the enemies, was the best marketing idea around.
Walkingshade	Recommended	198.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/walkingshade/	I feel like I need to put this out here, to all haters out there about the DLC policy that Creative Assembly has put in place with this game:This game, without any DLC, is 10/10, and yes, it is completely playable, and you can get 200+ hours without having to buy any DLC, and still being one of the best strategy games ever released, and the best Total War game ever by far. Buy it, you won't regret it.The DLC makes this game even more amazing, so, if after playing 200+ hours you start to get bored, get the DLC to get more kick out of the game.
Austin	Not Recommended	1.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198082116411/	155$ dollars for the full game $97 for the 2nd installment and the current dlc for that (more to be added later) , makeing it 252$ if i want to play mortal realms with the works.no wonder people pirate this game.
HaxoTheHunter	Recommended	386.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/HaxoTheHunter/	Total War: WARHAMMER is a brilliant meld of total war and a fantasy setting, and this has been the best and most optimised release for any total war game in a very long time. Unlike Attila, Warhammer runs smoothly for a wide variety of PC specs. Bugs and glitches seem to be at a minimum and tend to be minor graphical ones and not gamebreaking ones.The game itself in my opinion is the most challenging and difficult on most difficulty levels, more than a few times have i lost a campaign on hard, expecting it to be a breeze. Certainly refreshing as previous total wars were only properly  challenging when the AI had rediculous buffs on Very Hard + Legendary.I would only put down on my could be better list, that sueges seem to be too linear to be fun for the hundreds of hours I and many total war players will play, also non player factions tend to confederate easily with no tangable repercussions for the AI where it's almost never a good idea for the player with the effects it brings.Overall I would rate TW: WARHAMMER at 8.5/10 and certainly on track to become my favourite Total War game to date!
Dapper Demon	Not Recommended	124.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/thunderingyourdownundering/	God I love this game. But the devs decided to use a bit of spyware to spice things up.♥♥♥♥ you Creative Assembly. Even though you're dumping it you're still shady as ♥♥♥♥ and need to be called out on♥♥♥♥♥♥
Jeames	Not Recommended	50.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/theosepiphanes/	I get that it's a big world, and might need to be split into three games, but at least fully flesh out each of those games. Most of the factions are (or were) horribly monotonous, to the point where distant human factions inexplicably had "Empire Knights" and "Reiksguards". This isn't necessarily asking for another 20 unique & playable factions, it's literally just 10 minutes of work editing the localisation and/or (IDK, haven't modded past Attila) DB tables. It's quite obvious that the whole 3 games and $70.93 of DLC aren't for the sake of completing each area properly, they're brazenly milking it for all they can.
Sarkoth	Recommended	2,739.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197969749884/	Updated review After having spent more than 15.000 hours with the entire Total war franchise, I can reasonably say that Total War: Warhammer contains the currently most dynamic battles so far. While this means that tactical depth has decreased over the years, playability for a wider audience has increased without having dumbed down the foundations of Total War battle mechanics. Battles are faster than in older Total War titles and battles which seem lost, usually actually are. In older Total War titles, it was possible to pull off a win by abusing certain units and the AI's reaction to them, but no more. This doesn't mean Total War has become simpler with the installment, but that the battle strength of auto-resolve as well as the AI have gotten better. Old Total War veterans may grumble about it all they want, but objectively speaking, things work a lot better now and battle outcomes make a lot more sense. While it was still possible more often than not to win a battle in Rome 2 with only 10% of autoresolve chance, it has become neigh impossible in Warhammer. And this is exactly like it should be. If the calculated outcome gives the player a 10% chance, not even the best tactician should be able to win 8 out of 10 battles. The addition of monstrous and flying units gives new tactical depth, the new (visible!) armor piercing modifiers make controlling balanced army compositions easier.The campaign map looks amazing and while building features might be lacking in numbers compared to much older installments of the franchise, they build logically upon the changes made in Rome 2 and Attila, making things better and more accessible without really changing much. The complaint that Total War is on the path of being dumbed down is entirely unfounded and ridiculous. The series is evolving and getting more accessible without sacrificing even an inch of it's actual depth. I'd like to tell all the other veterans that things getting less tedious or annoying isn't a sign of a game being "mainstreamified". It's optimizing controls, UI and cutting unnecessary weight which has zero impact on depth and actual gameplay.As for diplomacy, for the first time in what feels like forever, diplomacy feels right. You'll keep most of your allies even after extented timeframes without constant warmongering to play the system. Declarations of war from AI take a lot more into consideration and the whole game feels a lot more organic with the different factions being hard-bound to different parts of the map. Exterminating enemies has partly become a lot more difficult as you can't victory waltz over the entire map after gaining your first full province anymore.Personally, I can't wait for the actual map to get enlarged by the planned expansions and / or DLC.10/10. The best Total War so far.
Jackiebrown	Recommended	224.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/laxpwer/	Alright... where to start... First off this game is a fantastic addition to the Total War series after the past few duds (Rome 2 and Attila) put out by CA since Shogun 2. The races feel unique, interesting, and powerful in their own ways. There are 4 base races to choose from Empire (Men), Orks, Vampire Counts, and finally the Dwarfs. One improvement to the series is a more in depth character build system which truly makes your characters feel unique and special with the you being able to make your general a good fighter in their own right, a good behind the scenes leader and caster, or focus on campaign traits and use them to quell public order issues and lower vampiric or chaos corruption. On top of this system is the quest chains for the Legendary Lords which provide them with some of their unique gear and weapons from the TT game. This gear provides interesting benefits such as improved stats, better abilities, and sometimes allows your Lord to access a lore of magic (in the case of Azhag the Slaughterer). In my opinion the graphics are definitely a step up from what they were in Attila and the gameplay is fairly fluid, although the AI will have some hiccups sometimes (but this isn't a huge issue). Now... should you feel absolutely obligated to buy the DLCs? Short answer: no. While the DLC adds extra options to the base game, the base game itself has enough content to keep you occupied. Some complaints I have seen is that some of the DLC, namely the Campaign Packs are a tad overpriced, my opinion is that they are certainly above what I expected but not unreasonable in my eyes.  Otherwise the DLCs released so far have been solid and did add some good stuff to the game. Look, the way I see it, the game is a gem. This is certainly a big improvement over the last few Total War games. For former Warhammer Fantasy players, this game even with the DLC, is a steal compared to the price we have had to pay for miniatures in the past from Games Workshop. I give this game a 10/10. Great base game with few complaints from me, the DLCs are good BUT... if you want to buy the Campaign Pack DLCs, I would wait for a sale. Factions packs will probably be in the similar realm as what Warriors of Chaos is priced at ($8 US if I'm not mistaken) which I find to be a fair price even without a sale, while Blood and Gore ($2.99 US) is behind a paywall so that CA could keep the games rating down to attract a larger audience.
Nareik	Recommended	234.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198182500493/	People say the base game isn't worth the price. I have no idea what they're talking about. I've only ever played the base game and I've put over 200 hours into it without even touching some of the available factions. I still have yet to do a Dwarves or Brettonia playthrough. Plus, I got it on sale and it's for 75% off as I'm writing this. Easily worth the price if you love epic, cinematic, large-scale battles, or if you just like that fantastic Warhammer feel. If this looks like your type of thing, buy it. I'd recommend doing a bit of research if you're new to the franchise, but hey, you can always get a refund.
PaulAzure	Not Recommended	40.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198064814040/	(I play offline: More than 50h played)As a day one fan of the Total War series I can honestly say that TW: Warhammer is, overall, a pretty good game and I am indeed one of those people who find their deepest wishes for the Total War series addressed in this iteration. While many people cannot seem to get enough of alleged "historical accuracy", I have always found that yet another type of spearmen with a few points of damage more or less and a differently coloured shield gets a bit dull in the long run.Warhammer obviously presents a radical game changer here and anybody who even remotely likes fantasy settings will certainly find themselves staring at the screen with a big grin on their face as all kinds of monstrocities and creatures armed with just about any imaginable set of weapons duke it out before their eyes.A lot of this is really just fluff to be honest. There is still a TW game under the impressive reskin and whether 8 foot Orcs carry huge bone-cleavers or the infantry of the empire sword and boards into a battle really doesn't matter: At the end of the day it is still about familiar values such as attack strength, armor value ... you get the idea. "Big ones" such as huge spiders or giants are only seemingly an exception here as they also have those familiar values and will find their counter in units that deal "bonus damage vs large" just like spearmen would deal bonus damage vs cavalry in other TW-games. Big ones are big. That's about it.As refreshing the fantasy unit rosters are, the tactical depth of the game falls a bit short because the familiar Spear/Sword/Cavalry/Ranged rock-paper-scissors system has not really been replaced with a fleshed out alternative. Large/bonus vs large and armoured/armour-piercing appear to be about the only systems in place here. Special unit skills like shield wall, wedge formation, flaming arrows etc. are removed from the game. Whether you hire a spear unit, a cleaver unit or a spider "cavalry" doesn't matter that much and is largely just a question of personal preference and unit tier.Armies are always led by a commander-unit, the uniqueness of which is non existent if they are not magic wielders. As these field commanders level up they get incremental increases in strength, hp and morale. Special skills can be unlocked here but are flat buffs to the commander himself, his army or certain unit types in the army. There are no charge commands, unique rally abilities, special attacks or anything of that sort. Magic wielders can cast spells which is fun but not as impactful or gamechanging as one might expect.While the tactical field battle side of the game therefore is indeed "dumbed down", I still find it to be a lot of fun. Honestly, special unit ablities and a rigid rock-paper-scissors gameplay in other TW-games got on my nerves at times because it directly translated into a lot of micro management und babysitting. With a few exceptions and respecting unit tier, you can just pit any unit against another and they will do just fine in TW:Warhammer. Part of the fun in battles comes from the impression that the AI is notably more competent this time around. You will still see a lot of TWs longstanding AI problems such as commanders leading the charge fearlessly and therefore being the first ones to die or units running in circles after enemies which they couldn't possibly ever catch while being wittled down by your archers. However, none of these flaws appear consistently and the AI generally maneuvers sensibly and effectively tries to make the best of the resources it has.On the topic of longstanding AI problems, I am glad to see that TW:Warhammer has finally achieved a strategic equilibrium on the campaign map that I would almost call "good AI" if it hadn't been achieved via a few cheap tricks: Units are very expensive and factions will have a lot less units than in other TW titles. Since armies must then be led by commanders and commanders are also expensive, you and the AI alike will compound existing units into just a handful of armies. This means that the days of winning wars by "stack wiping" legions of puny little reinforcement armies are over. The majority of AI-armies you encounter will indeed be effective fighting forces that present the full might the respective faction currently can field. Yes, army composition is still a problem and AI armies will still lean towards being largely composed of cheap, basic units that easily fall prey to your carefully assembled elite banner but this problem has at least been alleviated by patches and can further be alleviated by certain mods.The most important improvement in AI campaign strategy is then a direct result of the reduced number of armies: The AI knows how to handle those few armies and actually challenges you in TW:Warhammer. While in earlier TW-games even large enemy factions never quite managed to effectively go for your weak spot but always were quite adept at presenting you with an abundance of weak spots themselves, in TW:Warhammer the AI actually DOES things. E.g., if you decide to send your one banner all the way up north to conquer a certain province, you can pretty much assume that your enemies in the south will try to capitalize on this and come knocking on your door while nobody is home to open it ... kick down this very door, the AI then will. Awesome.TW:Warhammer consequently plays out quite a bit differently than other TW titles. Hours and hours of consecutive conquest campaigning while micro managing endless reinforcement supply chains and fighting hundreds of default-win skirmishes does not happen here. You have one, two, at most three pretty decked out armies on the map that kind of act like pieces on a chess board. You never move these pieces all that far from you homeland and often fight for money or missions and not for actual conquest plans. The AI does the same. The economy revolves around extremely high maintenance costs and comparably low recruitment costs. If you or the AI loses an entire army, the faction income will simply skyrocket from not having to pay all that maintenance anymore. Recovering and rebuilding is therefore very doable and you will see that AI faction (or yourself) back in shape within just a few turns.Like I said, technically the engaging back-and-forth on the campaign map is not a result of actually good AI. The "cheap trick" here is that the rules of engagement have changed as described above and TW:Warhammer is therefore quite a different, somewhat simpler and clearer game than other TW games. "Simple and clear" enables the AI to actually compete because it can finally handle the reduced amount of strategic moves and decisions. I can see how many people are dissappointed because the game is not really that complex, detailed empire management simulation anymore. I for one like it because it empowers the AI and I don't reach that point of grindy boredom all that easy.I like the game and this would easily be a thumbs up if it weren't for all the DLC ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t that comes with it. I believe that Sega and CA are much less at fault here than people claim.  Games Workshop has always been at the forefront of capitalizing on the need and greed of adolescents, getting away with absolutely insane pricing for decades. Via their modular, pay to win tabletop economy, they pretty much invented DLC when personal computers weren't even a thing yet. Their reluctance to give away their licence to competent developers for the longest time has spoken volumes about their corporate greed ... well ... even GW has finally arrived in the modern age and steps in with its ageold maximum profit model: 18€ for unlocking a single faction! How can I possibly overcome that nagging feeling that my game is incomplete? Should I get a second job to afford the hundreds of DLCs that will come out? No I should not. PC gaming is not tabletop. Period. Thumbs down ... it's a matter of principles.
I AM NO ONE	Recommended	260.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197971699711/	After the launch debacle that was Rome 2 total war i swore that i would never pre order or maybe even buy a total war again. Now here i am after playing over 150 hours of Total War Warhammer and i think it is worth every penny.Yes i get it the DLC policy is kinda Overpriced and maybe some of those things should have been in the main game from the start but really.... In my opinion this is the best Total war so far and i can only say i can recommend anyone that loves RTS games or maybe u just like fantasy. There are moments in battle where i get that Lord of the Rings movie feel and that is prolly the best compliment i can give the game.Finally the last thing i want to add is that this game will become way bigger then it is now in terms of content. Many cool DLC and FLC (Free downloadable content) is being added on a 2 month basis or so. I love this game and i am sure within 2 years i will have more then 1000 hours played!
Solrak	Recommended	58.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197963539180/	very rare i'll write a review, but by far the best total war game since Rome 1 imo, haven't personally came across any bugs, and apart from the launch issues (i'd only been trying for 5 minutes to get the game working before the hotfix came available) its been a flawless experience, a must have for any total war or warhammer fan!edit:So after 14 hours of gameplay i'll go a little bit more indepth to try and help people make up their minds on the game with all the mixed reviews that are kicking about.To start off with, if you have a reasonably new pc you will have absolutely no issues at all running this game, my cpu is a FX-9370 and my gpu is a Sapphire R9 380 4gig, the campaign runs smooth at 1920x1080 with no stuttering whatsoever, the transition to battles from the campaign map is a lot faster than previous total war games (approx 30 seconds) and then the actual battles run fine on ultra settings as well (again running at 1920x1080).The only time i had to turn the graphics down to High was when me and 3 friends decided to play vs 4 AI on the largest unit sizes and everyone having a 20 stack (80x80).I've played both multiplayer battles and multiplayer co-op campaign and have yet to experience any desync issues myself either (which i know was a big issue on some of the previous games).So far i've only had a quick play around with Chaos and Empire so can't really give any feedback on the Orcs, Dwarfs or Vampire Counts.--Chaos---Nice selection of units and also having to decide which god you want to worship giving different bonuses and penalties.-Horde units (so you don't technically have to upkeep towns except the embedded buildings in the army)(changed faction after i lost my units for taking a stupid battle so i'll come back to chaos after more game time)--Empire---Plenty of diversity within the faction roster so you can build your armies your own way!-Although the game suggests that they are the 2nd easiest to play as at the start things are a bit chaotic to begin with. Surrounded by orcs, dwarfs and rebellious empire factions that all want to wipe you out!-Easy to manage your towns when you get to grip with the new set up.-Hard difficulty is actually Hard, i've had to restart 4-5 times due to making silly errors and getting punished by surrounding factions.Lastly Cons and Pros imo--Pros---Smart AI when playing on hard and above (haven't tried on Normal or Easy), if you declare war on an AI to your east, expect opportunist rival factions surrounding you to declare war on you and try to grab land whilst your armies are nowhere to be seen.-Graphics are amazing and the game is well optimized.-All factions are different and suit a different play style! (obviously).-Ease to join friends games (steam overlay actually works to invite and join friends).--Cons---As empire when you unlock a new unit, e.g. you start off with 'spearmen' and unlock 'spearmen with shields', there isn't an option to upgrade the base unit to the upgraded like in previous total war games, you have to dismantle your army and re-recruit the ugraded units. Not sure if this is intentional or a bug?-Tutorial for non experience total war players can be a bit underwelming, doesn't really go in to a lot of detail when it comes to hero skills and town management.-Bretonnian units and bases are in the game but aren't a playable faction at the moment on the campaign map. (ye ok i'm a bretonnian fanboy).If your new to Total War games start off by playing on Easy or Normal, if your experience with Total War games get the difficulty cranked up and have fun :) Hope this helps!
♜Vegan-★-Djak♜	Not Recommended	170.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198007730782/	*This review is a statement against recent Total War titles marketing scheme*Sega and Creative Assembly, show some respect to Total War fans.We have paid for a complete game. Could you do us the honor of delivering one ?''2,5€ to unlock gore in a war game7,5€ to unlock a faction that's already in the game18€ for the first of many still missing factions'' 
jdblacks7	Recommended	184.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jdblacks7/	This is no "in-depth" review by any means, given I've only played it for 13 hours now..  But I must say what a beautiful & refreshing game we got here. Don't get me wrong it has its cons' but nothing compared to all the goodness/potential it brings..(+) Runs Smooth @ Launch(+) Looks Amazing(+) Factions with truly, unique gameplay styles/abilitities/characters/perks/traits etc.(+) Epic Maps(+) DLC "Coming Soon"(-) DLC "Coming Soon"(-) Characters can be too much, as in OP(-) Only 5 playable factions(-) Loading Times (SSD)Would I recommend it? Yes Would I do it all-over again given what I know now? Absolutely^^^Initial Review right after Launch^^^****UPDATE****100 hours later, I'm still in love with this game!   There has been a lot more content released since this review was posted.Some 'Free' and some 'Paid' DLC. Some good, some not so good but thankfully its optional.Really depends on you and your playstyle..Go check out videos if you need more info/help.It has been a great experience...
Knight of the Zboub	Recommended	646.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198008212172/	I'm a far too old Total War Veteran by now, I've been playing and loving this series since Medieval 1...I was sceptical at first, just as many "TW Veterans" were, since I was hoping for Medi 3 or something historical.I didn't know♥♥♥♥♥♥about Warhammer and didn't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥either, but hell, this game converted me to Warhammer fanboyism!It certainly has its flaws, such as simplified campaign and battle mechanics, lacking in strategic depth on the campaign map etc.What really makes it a great game, a different total war game, but still a great entry in its own rights, is the very well done fantasy scenario - varied factions, with very different approaches both in campaign and battle. To be honest, I don't really care about the price that much. Beastmen just don't trigger me, so I haven't bought them (yet). Otherwise I'm willing to pay a price for a good game and some really good work done by the devs, just as I expect to be paid for my work. I'm happy this series of games exist and I'm expecting TWW2 like no other game this year. I suggest you buy this game now and support CA in creating more TW Games...For the lady!
Darknixon	Not Recommended	196.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198044500294/	I give this game 4/10 the other 6 are DLC.  
Buddy Finn	Recommended	269.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/evosx/	Pros:I haven't felt this immersed since the earlier TW gamesVery polished release and well optimised (for a TW game atleast - can't wait for DX12 patch)Varied and fast pace battles, introduction of magic, flying and monsters has really shaken things upAmazing sound design (soundtrack and SFX)All round great campaign experience with lots of cool events and things to doCons:Can't rename my Vampire general to C*ck Blockula in Multiplayer campaign
[Templar] Storm	Recommended	54.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198014064287/	First Campaign in this game, hard difficulty.I pick Chaos, with Archaon as a legendary lord.Turn 2, I attack a town, I make my army suicide itseft, rushing straight into a trap.I lose the campaign, but...Archaon died, so The End Times will never happen.10 out of 10, would prevent the Old world to enter the Age Of Sigmar again.
Black_Midnite	Recommended	72.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/black_midnite/	Best Total War!Personal OpinionBefore I start this review, I must say that I wrote a review before this about how Total War: Medieval II was the best total war game, but I would say they are pretty equal on my personal scale. I mean, what is better than swatting a bunch of orcs off a hill with a hypogyph? Nothing! Though I am not a fan of the Warhammer series, and/or have a extensive knowledge of the universe that the story dwells in, I do believe this game to be really interesting and fun. Not to mention, it is a great relief not to play on the same map with just differing factions and time periods. The fantasy take on the game has really brought out how the total war series should be played. Still, I do love going back and playing Attila or Rome II, mostly because of the mechanics and story telling or possiblities with the different factions.ReviewWith all that in mind, that doesn't take away from the actual game and review. This game is different compared to many, especially with the uniqueness of the factions and how they are played. (Humans are weaker than most, but have great tech to keep them balanced. It is best to play them on a defensive play through, unless you have a lot of them. The orcs are strong, but can be frightened easily or swatted off a hill if they don't use good tactics - plus, they have crappy tech and rely on their brute force. It is best to play them aggressively and knock surrounds enemies down before they can build up their empire. Vampires are the opposite of humans with no stamina and scary af, but they are weaker most others. If you play this faction, make sure to play strategically. You may have more units/stacks/armies, but the enemy is always somehow stronger or better. The dawrves are best played aggressively, they can take on the orcs easily and can rival up the humans, but have troubles with the vamps if not handled well. The other factions are for you to see)Not to mentions, it gets rid of the old use of the same map with different engines of the last total war games. Not to mention, the replayability of this game is almost off the charts with the possibilities. Every character feels unique, even within their own faction, and can help or hender your armies. The lore is pretty cool, but you won't know it unless you are already a fan or you look it uphere.[forums.totalwar.com]the units are so cool to look at, I really love the dragons or giants, even the soldiers of the empire have great textures with the military clothing. Overall[/b[It's a great game, offers a lot of replayability and interesting gameplay. That's why I am gald it is coming out with a second game! The dlc are worth it and interesting! Seriously, try it out and have fun! 
Seathal	Recommended	68.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/seathal/	You love Total War, you love Warhammer. You're going to love this.This game manages to capture the lore, narrative and setting of Warhammer Fantasy to perfection. Although, if you're looking for the nitty-gritty realism or complexity of other Total War games (specially if you're looking for Rome, Medieval 2, Empire, Napoleon or Shogun 2-kind of complexity you're in for a dissapointment). This Total War is more arcadey, more streamline and more focused on pure fun and spectacularity:Siege battles, for instance, are heavily simplified and considerably shorter than other Total War games, the Campaign map is extremely big but the campaign itself is not too hard, the battles are fast-paced and mistakes are easily solved and forgiving.Does it mean it's a bad or worse game than its predecessors? Nope. It's a very fun, spectuacular-looking and sounding, adaptation of the Total War flavour into a very reach and inspiring franchise. The visuals are simply epic, from the design of the units and their animations to the sheer scale and detail of the world, the faster-paced gameplay is fun and easy to grasp but still makes you feel like in epic battles and wars, which is what the essence of the franchise is all about.I admit I somtimes miss the complexity of Rome and Medieval in this, but it's a different beast with a distinct flavour from the originals.
the_bee	Recommended	428.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/the_bee/	This is the best total war ever created. Units and building have distinct purposes like in Shogun 2, no more choosing between 15 varieties of the same and looking through dozens of small buffs and debuffs.It is as hectic as Atilla, and it has hordes.It has a theme which is as great as Rome (let's forget Rome 2 ever existed).Combat makes sense like in Medieval 2, before the synced animations were introduced.I... wish I could say something about Empire. Maybe when naval battles come?For the first time factions play very different from each other. And it runs well! And diplomacy makes sense! Kinda! Most of the time, anyway.Finally, CA, after few years of experimentation and blunders, you made a game that is awesome as a complete package. 
=O.W.L.S=Nercon	Recommended	49.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/cnffwan/	Too many trolls, too little time. Best Warhammer fantasy setting game so far, debatable best Total War game in the series.
Jonas McPherson	Recommended	19.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jonas_mcpherson/	This game reminded me of the good old days of hand-to-hand combat. I have been playing tabletop Warhammer and it delivers a stunning experience. The concept of "total war" really kicks in after Chaos arrives, when all the factions are warring eachother and the Hords of Chaos are pummeling your outermost cities.The quest, item, ability system combined RPG with RTS, two concepts that I love. I actually felt that I accomplished sth, when Karl Franz aquired Ghal Maraz and Deathclaw. It made him stronger, thus defeating legendary lords such as, Grimgor or Kholek was a piece of cake.Overall this is a great game, it runs great (PC Specs on my profile), and it delivers an experience that makes you feel like playing an RPG with Total War intergration. As for the launch problems, if anyone remembers the pre-2007 era of gaming, we waited for several minutes (~25) to load certain games, not to mention we had to install them first via discs. People today have no patience, especially when companies fix the problems ASAP.Thank you for reading this review. I hope that you will have fun playing this game too.FOR SIGMAR, FOR OUR EMPEROR KARL FRANZ.
alsorna	Recommended	43.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Alsorna9/	Battles are epic and fast pace. Takes a while getting used to the camera. Very exicted for the modding community to make crazy new content.
Full Metal Starfish Prime	Recommended	176.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198026456204/	Best Warhammer game ever.
BorderReaper	Recommended	360.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198006521653/	Game is 10/10! I had a few issues with the menus flickering at first but found out it was the Vsync doing it.  Turning Vsync off made it go away, no other performance issues since.  The game seems pretty polished and is so much fun to play I have had a hard time putting it down.  Kudos to Creative Assembly for getting this one right!  Total war and Warhammer go together like peas and carrots!
Freezing	Recommended	94.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198078232031/	First game ever to actually make me smile in amazement. Watching my Dwarf army charge through screaming mortar fire as they make their way to the enemy with their hammers & axes up in the air, yelling war chants all at the same time; somewhat overpowering the sound of the incoming mortars. On top of this, the epic big-battle music making giving it a last-battle-ever feel. Every single battle is this epic. I havent experienced any problems with launching, crashing, or anything so far.  
bennymclennan	Recommended	1,254.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/bennymcl/	NEW REVIEWSo, I have almost 600 hours into the game and ... It's better than it was when I first started playing. I will break it down here.1) DLCI am starting with DLC because it SEEMS like the majority of the negative reviews are coming in centered around the DLC. Which is a) unfair to the game itself and b) the DLC is totally worth it. The base game that was being sold was complete. It had 4 races (5 if you preordered) for free right off the bat. This is just as good or BETTER than any other Warhammer game ever made. So that's a reason for people to stop ♥♥♥♥♥ing right there. Additionally, all of the DLC is being added to the base game to enrich the campaigns of everyone who bought this game. This does not ENTITLE ANYONE to that content. CA is nice enough to provide it for all users to play against regardless of whether or not they buy the DLC. If you happen to support CA in developing these amazing DLC packages, you can pay for it and use the DLC content. It's worth it. It's justifiable and it's the reason WHY we are going to have THE best strategy game ever made by the end of the third enstallment (with the exception of Starcraft perhaps). The DLC is NOT part of, nor was ever meant to be, a part of the game. It exists to add more flavour to an already amazing game and help fund the continued support CA gives to the game. It's all a circle. If CA was not turning out this much DLC, the game wouldn't be as good. So even if you hate buying DLC, the fact that those of us who DO support CA and buy their DLC, makes it so you can have all of the DLC in your campaigns to play against. STOP HATING. 2) GAME PLAYWell, with the addition of the recent DLC in the last 4 months, this game has just gone from strengths to strengths. The diversity of adding in Wood Elfs, Beastmen and othe rminor factions like Skarsnik and Belegar, has just made even my original campaign playthroughs as Empire, that much more exciting. The new DLCs almost always bring a fresh new look to the game in terms of mechanics and graphics. The Wood Elfs with their Amber mechanic were so much fun to play and figure out. The Skarsnik campaign that forces you into using specific units in specific ways is just so cool and was sorely needed to the TW franchise in general3) GRAPHICSWhat can I say about the graphics that everyone else hasn't already. It's easily the most beautiful strategy game I have every played. Playing battles on ultra settings with large units and in cinematic mode is just... a whole new experience from all other games I have played before. The graphcis are amazing!ORIGINAL REVIEWDon't listen to the negative reviews. They are giving it a bad review based on their hardware not working or not being set up properly. I've been playing for the last 4 hours with 0 troubles and it's a BEAUTIFUL game. Once the bugs and kinks are worked out for the♥♥♥♥♥hats who are giving this amazing game negative reviews, they will all change their minds. I am going to get a looooot of game time out of this puppy!
Robert_EO_Speedwagon	Recommended	104.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198073084765/	Absolutely amazing game. Looks and sounds fantastic, and runs as smooth as butter on maxed-out graphics settings. I have a GTX-970 and an i5 4460k processor, so nothing to pricey, and yet it runs fantastically. The startup bug that caused the game to crash was also fixed already, soooo...BUY THIS GAME!
DementedGaz	Recommended	94.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198026754786/	After no-lifing this game day of release i must say, i am completely statisfied with the game. While there are a few things i wish they would make avaiable in the games (mods probably will)Such as: being able to disable end times. look, in 2 vampire counts campaign (wanted to see if it always happens at roughly the same time) having 4 stacks of beast chaos units all attacking you is no fun, much rather have the option to stick to fighting the other factions and not have to deal with chaos.  for example on the first campaign at around 90ish the empire was dead all the way down to middienhiem/reikland -.- where then chaos just stormed me and quit after a while because it was annonying see my weak towns just get sniped non-stopalso kholek suneater randomly became HUGE on the campaign map in my 2nd go.
Flavorhythm	Not Recommended	99.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198033431324/	I prefer the other Total War games, but as a fan of WarHammer this hit the spot... kind of. Unfortunately Creative Assembly has shown its true colors by including Redshell spyware in the install and completely disregarding the person who uses/buys their software. We have no idea what data Redshell really pulls from our machines because it's closed source so trust has completely gone out the window. It's been great CA but it's time to let go of Total War, a series that frankly has gotten less challenging and engaging (I assume because they want their game to be more mainstream, ie more money).
CoyoteNight	Recommended	686.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197983664653/	Even aside from the Warhammer franchise, this is the best Total War game to date. And I say that, having played every single game since the first Rome.This TW has the best gameplay, and interface. Best strategy. Each race plays remarkably unique, instead of just different skinned units and buildings like in previous TW games.Hugely recommended if you like Total War, Warhammer, or any action-strategy type games. 
Lawson	Recommended	478.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198087761938/	When I first bought the game I was very skeptical because of the negative reviews. However, after installing and playing it. I must say it is Total Wars master piece thus far. It is beautiful and runs smoothly for me. I had no issues at the start up screen that so many were complaining about. The diversity among the factions is a nice change, and the required play style is different for each one as well. Well done CA, thank you for a well made game!
Tobster	Not Recommended	61.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/bubreg/	Loved it but too much is locked behind DLC (blood? really?), hence the negative review.
Phyuck Yiu	Recommended	221.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/yaaaamaaaaaayng/	Minus the dlc ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t that Sega rammed down this game's throat, this game is awesome. The battles in this game are some of the most fun I've ever had, playing a total war game. It's like Empire meets Medieval and then they got married in a fantasy world. The unit selection is really good and each faction plays more uniquely than in previous total wars. I am definitely willing to give this game a recommendation because it is pure and simple fun.Now to address the dlc. I didn't want to give this game a negative review just because the dlc is so rampant. This is something I would imagine is a product of Sega and not Creative Assembly. I dont want to say this game is bad when the developers did such a good job with what actually made it into the game. This game deserves a lot of criticism for all of the pay walls in it, but I think that criticism should be reflected in the dlc reviews and not the base game. The base game is really good. I hope Sega can one day decide to stop being such greedy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s and release a full game with no cut content, and then make actual expansions that are worth our money.
BoredToDeath	Not Recommended	79.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198049931651/	The game is amusing but I will not support this absurd DLC practice, I hope you won't either.
MENTALCOOKIE2	Recommended	131.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198271674294/	love it exactly what i wantedit is in depth and feels like a full exprience
ElijahRio	Recommended	145.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ElijahRio/	Terrific game so far but much more difficult than Total War Rome. Very enjoyable and great graphics even on low settings could not have asked for a better Warhammer game.- My Experience With This Game Tried to play the game on noraml like I done for Rome: Total War but couldn't do it so I had to lower the difficulty. So this game is either more difficult then that one or I just suck at it (Probably the latter XD ).The tax system is a bit of a dissapointment as when I went to change it to make my people better I found only an On/Off button ther used to be more options.The diplomacy is annoying me at the minute. It would seem the if it is not likley they will do it they flat out won't, I haven't once got somebody to say 'Alright then', like come on I'm youll' be killed last. Isn't that worth something?Making allies is still really hard except I have got a peace treaty going with Varg so thats a start. I was in a good aliance with the other two Vampire armies but they crossed me and are now on a 'extended holiday'.I love the overview turn-based map but it is by far the worst performing part of the game. The frame rate is consistantly at 30fps on my turn but when it's not my turn it will be always around 3fps, maybe this is just due to loading issues but I have the game installed on an SSD so it should be fine.I am a little dissapointed all the factions aren't here in the base game and even though they will be out later I don't really feel like spending another €7.50 per army (Ahahahahahaha how hilarious! That is only for the pre-order ones, the rest are €17.50, whooo that's a good one) when I already bought the game.A bit more story stuff in cutscenes would be a great bonus but I don't mind them not being included it's more of a suggestion then anything.Playing Dwarfs is fun and enjoyable with thier ranged capabilities which is something Vampires don't have. They do not however have magic.One thing that must be said in general for the game is that it does not explain some things that well or even at all so it can be hard to get used to it if you are a new player or are not familiar with the Warhammer world.After 96 hrs and 400 turns I am yet to finish the Vampire Counts campaign, I may be extremly slow at going through these games but man the value for a player like me is nuts.Steam Workshop has been teriffic in this game and I wish more games had it implemented.Game tends to crash the first few times after not being played for a while with no solution working for me but it's always worth it when you get in the game :PAs of now post release upkeep for the game has been outstanding with the addition of a fair few units, maps and general bug fixes and a plan to add all of the Warhammer armies from standalone expansions. I have seen that the new game is €60, well that's unreasonable. I mean for people that have the first one that is.- My Experience With Total War and Games Workshop I have never played Warhammer Fantasy but over the summer hopefully will get the chance. I have played Warhammer 40,000 for a good while now, around 9 years or so, over that time I played Necrons, Tyranids, Orks, Ultra Marines and even Eldar.I got the Dawn of war Ultimate Collections as my first PC game ever and the first game I got on Xbox 360 was Space Marine, I enjoyed those games a tremendous amount and would put Dawn of war Dark Crusade in at least my top 10 games ever.I played Rome: Total War until I couldn't run it from upgrading to Windows 10, Vista died and I couldn't revive it. I had never played or heard of The Creative Assembly before that.  I will give updates to this review as I play more.
Kotoamatsukami	Recommended	0.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Arzxev/	Cool game not re-skinned
Joey	Not Recommended	440.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jonas_hocheder/	game itself is goodBUT loading times are horrendous, wanted to play it again after a while and the first loading screen gave me so much time to think that i didnt even fight the first battle before dropping it againDLC, theres DLC for EVERYTHING new faction? better pay 10 buckswant some blood on your units? better pay 5 bucks didnt buy a game so that i could spend another 80€ just to unlock everything couldve been a good game...
chef	Recommended	1,182.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198053762739/	Game is awesome. Most negetive reviews are all about nvidia bug at launch that was fixed withen like 2 hours.
Ascertes	Recommended	630.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198060483003/	My recorded hours for this game should tell you just how much I love it. Before I checked into TW:WH, the only other TW game I'd tried was Napoleon. I hadn't had a great experience with it, so I was very skeptical of buying Warhammer when a friend recommended it to me. I checked out some videos, and watched a campaign playthrough of the Vampire Counts. I watched 6 separate parts for it, and afterwards I said, "I NEED this game. Now."I shelled out 60 dollars for it, and that was indeed painful, but it has been well worth it. I've played a campaign for each different race, and each one, especially the newer factions, offer something unique and make them worth playing. I definitely had the best time with Norsca, plundering and razing the old world in the name of the Dark Gods!Overall, I give this game a solid 9.5/10. The only thing holding it back for me is the aggressive DLC policy. Still, theres plenty of base game content and FLC to make this game a definite buy. Fantasy and Strategy is a match made in heaven for me, so I can't help but recommend this game. If you're concerned about the amount of DLC, or not sure which ones to get if you can't afford them all, I recommend these 3 must-haves:-Chaos Warriors DLC-Wood Elves DLC-Norsca DLCI've never written a review for a Steam game before. Let that tell you, again, how much I love this game.
Korpmat	Recommended	86.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Korpmat/	Been a Warhammer fan since I was a kid, playing the table top and Dark Omen on a crappy modem. This is my first Total War and although I've been curious before it was the possibility of playing Warhammer again on a much tested template that finally got me into the game. The game is freakin awesome!
Shifty	Recommended	499.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198006646594/	Steam reviews are the youtube comments of reviews. It is a cesspool of negativity just like YELP or any other public review forum.Straight off the bat I can tell you this is far and away a total war game that really drew me back into the fold with RTS. Each faction plays in a completely different fashion from the other, game mechanics are on point, magic offers unique strands of strategy. Monsters and flying units just absolutely re-haul the game. This negative press is mainly because of DLC, which is upsetting. Most people have enjoyed the game and are using this recommendation system as a method in which to "protest". Call of the beastmen easily offered me 20 hours+ of gameplay. Don't listen to the steam reviews. If you want to know if you'll enjoy a game, go to youtube and gameplay videos of Total War Warhammer. A few minutes of gameplay footage is more likely to help you determine whether or not a game will be up to your preferences than Steam reviews.
mufur	Recommended	2,710.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198010790743/	after I have more than 1,7k played hours I think I can say something about this game.Regardless of CA policy about their prices I will focus only on game. Why? Because I think all video games are luxury goods. You don’t need them to live, breathe, eat etc. If you don’t have a cash, you don’t buy it - the world will not collapse because of it.Pros:•multiple fraction – every fraction have a different play style, so every one will find something,•big map – if you like to conquer whole map it will take „few” hour•various units requiring different tactics – for small goblins to the huge giants•flying units and magic – something that you will not find in the previous TW•skill trees for lords – proper skills according to your play style can give you huge boost to your army•… and this is Warhammer – „must have” for every Warhammer fan.Cons:•optimization – you must have really good PC to get +60 fps (but in strategic games fps are not so important – at 40 fps the game is still playable)•lack of „end campaign” video – you spend a couple of hours to finish the campaign and… you get nothing… even a video where, for example, you sit on the throne, destroy the world or plant a tree… nothing•long times when map is loading – if you don't have SSD you need some patience
Bolsonaro 17	Recommended	313.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/bigamo/	   Being really fast in my review, its simply the best total war game ever made!!! :) Each faction plays completely different from the others and the game is way more straightforward than every other total war game to date.    It have a bit of a shogun feel to it and the AI can give you a run for your money even in normal difficulty. I super recomend it for every fan of TOTAL WAR tittles or anyone that likes a good WHAAAAAAAG!!!!
WaterFowl	Not Recommended	158.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/waterfowl/	feb 2017 review update:DLC + base game is now $120. Absolutely insane. I said in my original review to wait until the game went down in price so you could snag it and the DLC for a reasonable price. It appears you may have to wait until TW:W 2 comes out in order to do that. To put it in perspective Witcher 3 + dlc is now $50, and I got around the same number of hours out of it (gotta fanboy it up boyz)that said, this game is still fun, I spent a little south of $30 on dlc and got 150 hours of play thanks to mods like Radious. Be weary about picking up the $20 race packs (wood elves has a 52% rating right now)
Agent Orange	Recommended	533.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198007637234/	Dreamed about this game years before it came out. CA have literally made my dearms come true... coulda done better on the magic balance though, was weak before faith and steel mod.
Mythmaster	Recommended	162.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198056649705/	the good+fantasy setting for total war+equal to shogun 2 and with time it might surpass+every update so far has made the game run smoother for me+fractions well done+magic system well put together+monsters (giants, dragons, trollsthe bad-the dlc policy-AI can be very bad-for decent variety of units mod needed radius recomended -only chaos undivided so far GRAND FATHER NURGLE DEMMANDS RESPECT-NO SKAVEN!!! I WANT MY RAT HORDES9/10WHERE ARE THE RAT NINJAS
此生有你	Not Recommended	48.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/cylovexiao/	如果你不打算出中文，就请不要欺骗我们。If you don't work out the Simplified Chinese, please don't deceive us.为你的没有诚信送上一个差评。Send a bad review for your honesty.
clparr82	Recommended	13.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198348277901/	If you are looking for a stratigic fun game this is the game for you! The total war franchise has always been really great but this takes it to a whole other level its almost like a match made in heaven for total war. I would highly recomend this game the battles are epic and with mods the game is even more amazing. I would also highly recomed this to ant stratigic or even starters. I hope this helped.
Shigawire	Recommended	269.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197968506604/	Amazing TW game. Highly optimized..  love the atmosphere, the high polish, the faction differentiations...
_Synth	Recommended	256.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/_Synth/	Final score:  8,5 ⧸ 10┍━━━━━━━━┭━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┓⠀⠀⠀💻 Graphics⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀◾ 8/10⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀◾ needs medium-end PC⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀◾ various well designed ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀units and maps┟━━━━━━━━┽━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┫⠀⠀⠀🕑 Length⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀◾ endless⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀◾ 20-40 hours per faction ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀(9 free factions- Empire, Dwarfes,⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀Vampires x2, Bretonnia x3,⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀Greenskins x2; ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀8 buyable DLCs: Chaos, Goblins,⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀Norsca x2, Dwarfes, Beastmen,⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀Elves x2)┟━━━━━━━━┽━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┫⠀⠀⠀💀 Difficulty⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀◾ 8/10⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀◾ takes couple hours to⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀learn economics/⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ warcraft/ politics and more┟━━━━━━━━┽━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┫⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀✒ Story⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀◾ 6/10⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀◾ rich and vast lore⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀◾ story and missions ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀deppend on faction and hero┟━━━━━━━━┽━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┫⠀⠀⠀♫ Soundtrack⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀◾ 9/10⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀◾ incredible soundtrack┟━━━━━━━━┽━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┫⠀⠀☢ Optimisation⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀◾ 7/10⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀Bugs⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀◾ never encountered bugs┕━━━━━━━━┶━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┛Note:* this game offers buyable DLC for a TOTAL of 60$* most of factions from this game can be imported to Warhammer 2 if you own oneWoth buying ON SALEThis game contains of 2 segments- a clasical Turn-based campaign where you can manage your provinces and armies; with an additional Battle segment where you command all your troops and heroes (up to 40 units) in real time. Unlike in historical Total War titles new features were introduced: monsters, heroes, magicka and special factions traits ex. vampires, chaos (buyable DLC), Norsca (buyable DLC) may distort enemies lands wich gives them some bonuses, Bretonnia may only win the game upon reaching high enough level of chivarly while Wooden Elves (buyable DLC) instead of  mantaining settlements, may only build outposts outside their forests.
TrundleWolf	Recommended	46.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198053548350/	Great Game! However the price is too high.....I get really bad lag in the campaign map after building up my armies. Running a fairly high end pci7 6700k 4ghz 16gb ddr4 ramFTW gtx 1080 
Grendel	Recommended	137.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197990766081/	This game is amazing.  The graphics, sounds, landscapes, armies, and models...all stellar.  The reviews are accurate, this is the best Total War game ever and probably the best Warhammer game ever.  This and DoW3 will make this an amazing year for Games Workshop themed video games.
SirArnett	Not Recommended	268.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198278778572/	<REMOVE SPYWARE>
mordred8346	Recommended	611.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198002841953/	As someone who is both a Warhammer and Total War fanboy, this game is fantastic. I was getting close to giving up on the Total War series after Rome 2, but this one has restored my faith. Looking forward for the sequel.
Alexius	Recommended	44.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/alexiusgaming/	I really wasn't sure of this game at first due to the Warhammer Fantasy setting (I am a 40k fan). However honestly this is hands the best Total War game so far and the most diverse. This is easily a 10/10 for me.
Nord	Recommended	235.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/NordThe0ne/	Bad:-performance still suffers from the same core issues previous Total War games already had.-♥♥♥♥♥♥ support with patches, game balancing & overall game polishing. -multiplayer, feature, UI & latency wise, sends you back to the year 2003.-way too expensive outside of a sale + despicable mass DLC marketing. -still does not have the option to fully skip or properly speed up enemy agent actions. (as it is still bugged sometimes)-maps with a lot of forest & foliage, as well as other specific effects (like some spells) & view angles (especially in sieges when looking in the city), kill your FPS due to engine limitations.-I can't see any improvements on the AI. It is still rather dull, falls for the same tricks and oftentimes builds questionable army's. Even when playing on highest difficulty and hence giving the AI enormous cheat advantages, the game still becomes rather easy and boring after surviving the first 75-100 turns.-River combat got removed… (There is a mod for it though)-Fortification (Army-Encampment) fights got removed.-City combat for cities / settlements without walls got removed. It now takes place on a battlefield outside of the city.-Sea/Ship combat got removed in custom & MP games and in campaign it got tuned down to “auto-resolve” when combat does happen on sea. Though there is not much water in the world, but still.-Demounting has been removed. (Can’t order troops to climb off their horse/vehicle/monster and walk on foot anymore). Should have kept it for horse units at least.Neutral: Some will like it, others will hate it, some won't really care.~ RNG, lots of RNG. Basically everything is a dice roll and you can loose while doing everything correctly just because the dice was in the favor of your opponent.~ Addition of “God-like” Lords(=commanders) & Heroes(=agents), basically a single humanoid guy runs into 120 Soldiers on foot, alone, and kills them all. Or just 2/3 of them, cus RNG.~ Addition of Magic & Spells, which also often times is really RNG depending, in terms of whether the spell hits or not.~ Achievements stay enabled if you use mods, which can lead to some “interesting” looking progress.~Lots of status effects from spells or Lords/Heroes like constant charge defence or just additional damage or armour. Some faction have support units, like a banner-carrier type, that is useless apart of motivation or even giving bonus stats or regeneration to nearby friendly units.Good:+finally multi CPU support (though it does not make any difference when it comes to core engine problems. But it adds a noticeable FPS boost overall)+every race/faction is truly unique.+best campaign so far.+graphics are really beautiful, better than in TW:Attila and barly require any addition GPU power over it.+Mods! / Workshop (though that is more of a community accomplishment overall) +There is no more Onager/Scorpio with “explosive” ammunition anymore which recks ⅓ of a infantry unit with each shot. Or in other words, Artillery got nerfed overall and is not the overall best answer against AI.+Addition of Flying Units (from Bats & Harpys up to Dragons) & Monster sized ground units like Trolls, Centaurs and Giants.+Heroes & Lords can be customised, adding mounts (like walk on foot, horse, flying horse or gryphon/dragon) and adding/removing spells or skills. (Both in Campaign and Multiplayer)I’d rate TW:Warhammer 6.5/10. - Worth it on a sale, with all DLC's.The best in its genre so far, but the genre is being held back simply because SEGA is going for quantity over quality, like always.If they would have actually sat down and fixed as well as polished the game instead of just taking Rome/Attila and “re-skinning” it with some more features, TW:Warhammer could have been the somewhat E-Sports like title they so desperately wanted Warhammer 40k - Dawn of War 3 to be.Instead TW:Warhammer is “just” a good singleplayer experience with the option to do multiplayer games, of which you will grow tired rather quickle due to two major flaws:1.) searching & loading a MP game takes almost as long as actually playing it.2.) you will almost always end up with 1 - 2 seconds delay.
Rare DeepwaterJew	Recommended	9.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198271817335/	Dlc bad. Game good
DustBucket	Recommended	102.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198110373147/	I almost wish i didn't like this game so i could hate on sega's dlc policy.But i love this game.
Bobbi Jo	Recommended	374.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198119655650/	best total war for mepros: - sword, gun, and magic in the same game- managing part is not complicated. You dont have to set the governors, find a wife,  concern about faction heir or the death of faction leader , what you have to do is a very basic thing which is building city, and for the lords, they will come back after a few turns- each faction have its own playstyle and units- KARL FRANZ ON HIS MIGHTY GRIFFONcons- DLCS especially Chaos dlc. The chaos plays the major role in this game, but they found a way to milk it by cutting it from the main game to be a dlc
TheCrumbster	Recommended	275.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197972587047/	Before anything else, I should say that I have been a total war fan since Shogun I, and I have played every single total war with the exception of Attila.Total War Warhammer is the most fun I've had playing a total war game, by far. Since release 3 weeks ago, I've put aver 100 hours into the game and have finished the Dwarf, Orc, and Empire campaigns. Before this, I could probably count on one hand the number of times I finished a total war campaign. The factions in previous total war games mostly felt the same, so you would play one or two factions and have a pretty good idea of how the others played. In this game, all factions have totally unique units and play styles.When I first heard that the game was announced, I was skeptical. I'm a big history nerd, and while I'm a fan of some fantasy I was not really into Warhammer at all. But Creative Assembly proved me wrong.  Total War and Warhammer were made for eachother. The fantasy setting makes things seem so much more epic. And the dread and constant warfare of Warhammer is a perfect setting for a Total War game. When I saw my stout little dwarfs go up against barbarous orcs and huge monsters, I felt like there is a much more desperate life or death feel to the combat. Kinda like I'm the Romans holding back barbarians from taking over civilization, except I think being ruled by Huns would be much more preferable then being eaten by an orc. I also love the hero system. You really grow attached to your heroes and your armies, whereas before each general in Total War more or less felt the same. I encountered no technical issues and the game ran surprisingly smooth at launch, unlike alot of other Total War titles. The AI, which is a weak part of almost all Total War games, may be the best that it's ever been. Now for the cons. Players need to be able to choose where to deploy their reinforcements on the battle map. I had a few battles where my reinforcing army and the enemy reinforcements deployed at the same spot, which led to a huge disorganized battle breaking out on the edge of the map. This turned what should have been an easy victory into a decisive defeat. Also, the AI spends too much emphasis on agent actions, which leads to AI agents that are way too powerful by end game. While the AI agents are way too powerful, the composition of end game AI armies is mostly made up of low quality early game units. The result is that dealing with AI agents is extremely difficult, but player armies become steam rollers by end game. Anyway, good job Creative Assembly. Rome II and Empire really kind of turned me off from buying Total War games at launch, but you won my confidence back.
Zlobny	Recommended	614.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/tehzlobny/	The game is awesome.
Bevie	Recommended	166.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Beviegaming/	The amount of rage going on over such a small thing that has an easy work around is complete nonsense.  There are ways to work round the authenication error.. its all over the internet, - Play ofline mode - granted for a quick fix but for long term not great and even worse if you want to multplayerBut wait... there is something even better that allows you to play the game without going in ofline mode....WAIT.. its only a few minutes stall on the loading screen after that its smooth sailing.Finally make sure to update your drives... you know who you are... [Update] A hot fix on day one has solved this issue anyways.. so what will they complain about now :P ?Been playing all day since it was launched and I have loved every minute of it! I feel some people are just salty still over ROME II and feel they need to drive on with hate with this title. I dont see why to be honest all they are doing is missing out on enjoying a great game with lovely performance - once you get in :P -
Antilus	Recommended	333.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197996309650/	The game itself is a masterpice 10/10 in the total war franchise, drawbacks? Can't play Britonnia (You can now, it came out as a free dlc)In all my hours of play not a single bug or AI ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ moves, the launching crush has been fixed in a record time, started playing in legendary and the struggle is real, like I've always dream about an ipotetic warhammer total war, now it came to reality.recommanded to every hard core total war campaing fan even if they dont know anything about Warhammer.That moment when your steward gain a middle name for winning a subterrain fight against the orks its just gorgeous, i think I will dump way more then the usual 1k hours on this game.
k|Aquila Mars	Recommended	1,289.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198048009911/	Good gracious, CA finally did a decent release.The game is well optimized and ran without issues for me. Despite having a rather old PC I can run it on fairly high settings with reliable FPS. Some people seem to have graphical issues, I haven't encountered any myself so far, so I can't speak for them.The AI is decent as well, almost beat me in one battle where we had equal number of troops, had to try hard to win it. And that hasn't happened to me in total war since... forever. That being said, loading times (especially when I first ran the game) were rather long, but they became better afterwards. If you are fan of Warhammer like I am, get this. You won't be disappointed.Oh, and... RIDE BRETONNIA!!!
colton.neil	Recommended	98.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/coltonneil/	Good:•An awesome spin on the series. Breathes a lot of new life into what was starting to get repetitive. •The RPG elements are done perfectly•They have really changed the gameplay and combat to make things evolve faster. No more sitting outside of a city for 10 minutes softening it up with artillery, you have to take the walls immediately.•In addition, buildings are simplified, which is welcome, and seem to be built faster as most only have 2 or 3 versions in their build chain. Because of this it no longer seems like a massive pain in the neck to conquer under developed territory•The AI does seem better and battles are more challenging •The races are truly distinct, while there are only 4 of them I would argue there is far more diversity in those four than any other Total War game.•Magic is good.•The touches like vampiric corruption are awesome, it really gives you the sense of an encroaching evil.•Lords are actually damn good combatants.•Watching your legendary hero ride in on a horse and knock another hero on his a** is surprisingly satisfying.Bad:•I have had my infantry have path finding issues when in settlements, this has been in pretty much every total war game since Empire. While it's not new it’s disappointing to see it come back for another installment. But on the whole the game is amazing, truly fun and with no performance issues or crashes for me. 9/10 
AceSMOA	Recommended	92.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/acapsmoa/	I would really recommend this game to those who love Total War, Warhammer Fantasy Universe, or both. It does have a few hiccups, but it is fixed. Currently, able to launch and play it on my old laptop of intel i7-2670QM with nvidia GT550M. It is playable on low setting just like the minimum requirement stated in the steam store page(the game however recommend High setting though, so, its better to optimise the graphics setting on your own). I have no doubt it will looks awesome and play out even better on a better gaming rig. Currently waiting for my gaming laptop(which is currently in the hands of my gf for her work) so that i can play it in its full potential. In the meantime, going to play a short campaign with the ork before going for a total domination as a dwarf by using my gaming laptop. FYI: The game time on my profile is low during the time i post this since i was testing this game on an old laptop. I must say, it performs well enough. Launch and play a custom game to test the performance to tweak the settings. If people ask if the game is working, then i can positively say "YES". Is it good? I will say it have potential and rooms to improve but at the moment, it is good enough for an unbelievable experience unlike any other Total War game. P/S: Nvidia have not update their game driver to support/fix Total War: Warhammer yet. Give it a week or two and hopefully it will be ready by then. As for now, the game is really good. =) Have fun anc cheers.
jakden	Recommended	35.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jakden/	Have never played any total war games and came for the warhammer experience.   What they have done here is made the perfect warhammer strategy game.
Aigginac	Recommended	33.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198014530874/	Very good!
[K9]-Aardwolf	Recommended	321.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/AardwolfAR/	To me the Total War is the pinnacle of strategy games, with an extremely good balance between the campaign map and the battlefields. I started out with Empire, and since then I have slowly collected the rest of the Total War games with Rome 2 and Attila being my favorites.Total War: Warhammer is the combination of everything that made the previous games good (they even went back to Medieval II style combat and it works better than the newer games' 1vs1 soldier style), and the setting is amazing. Technical aspects such as combat and charge impacts have been refined, and as a player that is heavily reliant on flanking tactics with cavalry I cannot help but smile every time my cavalry sends units flying with a satisfying 'kerrunch!'. The turns on the campaign map are streamlined and the game keeps me wondering where to attack/defend next, with no time in between just sitting around (There are turns where my armies are recruiting and I get so anxious because they are desperately needed on one front or another).The sound design? One word: Eargasms... Best sound and music I've ever heard in a TW game. I was very happy to hear my Chosen chanting 'Blood for the Blood God! Skulls for the Skull Throne!' while charging into battle.The little details on the campaign map amaze me. Earlier today I saw movement in the Middle Sea and I was amazed to see a gigantic Angler Fish swim around. Giant spiders in the forests and the ruins in the swamps (*Cough*Skavenblight*Cough*) make the campaign map pretty interesting.The variety and differing tactics for each army amaze me and raises the replayability by alot. Performance-wise, this game runs way better than Attila on my rig, both games being on maxed out settings. This was a very pleasant surprise, as I was expecting to have to play this on medium or high if I was lucky.All in all I give it a 9.5/10, there are minor graphics glitches, though I seldomly get any. CA, bring on the FLC, DLC, and expansions! I know alot of people hate you for the DLC and stuff, but I 100% support you guys! Keep up the amazing work!The Wood Elf DLC is adding a ton of new stuff and fleshing out some previous armies as well. This is proper content, worth the money...
Hadade	Recommended	45.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/shade1441/	Superb Total War game.Although Total War: Warhammer sacrifices some mechanics from the previous titles, such as intricate politics, adjustable taxation, # of factions, it introduces remarkable new ones in TWW's unique factions and heroes. These factions are significantly different from each other, which promotes distinct strategies (ex. Chaos warriors cannot settle, VC lack missile units but can quickly resurrect units from the campaign map) and revitalizes the series by taking design risks that pay off. Customizing army traits and generals, now called lords, into super soldiers/mages feels much more impactful and rewarding than in Rome 2 and Attila. I had no prior experience with Warhammer content beforehand, yet I was still drawn into the fresh, dynamic gameplay of TWW. The game does have a few flaws- AI agent spam can be overly obnoxious and unit balance is iffy at the moment (Dwarf Gyrocopters are significantly underpowered, while Chaos units are significantly stronger than other factions and can easily overwhelm the player after a few doom stacks). However, the AI in general is very good- definitely improved over Rome 2 and Attila. Multiplayer is lackluster- CA removed some customization options in custom battles present in R2 and Attila, and Multiplayer Campaign could still benefit from simultaneous turns/additional player support. The game runs fine (better than either Rome 2 or Attila) and looks great. The upcoming DirectX12 patch will supposedly increase performance even more. In conclusion, TW:W sacrifices some mechanics from previous modern TW games, but what is left feels very polished, unique, and enjoyable to play.
Dokuro	Recommended	85.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198023243403/	Bought it today for 8 hours ago.It felt smooth and I've had no reason to complain or find something lacking. Sure it would be nice if there was more blood. Yet I have my bloody tales from WFRP.So I'm happily pleased with the game as it is. There will be dlcs and with this release as it is that is all well and good.Well done CA, well done. You greatly combined my two biggest fandoms into one great, epic fashion 
DivineLobster	Recommended	31.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197978990728/	This game is so awesome! It is THE warhammer game many fans have been waiting for.The units seems balanced and the whole fantasy settting in the warhammerworld is just spot on.I have some dificulties sometimes, when i am starting the game, but a restart, and the game runs perfect!The difference in the army playstyles is really enjoyable and it really captures the spirit of the warhammer universe.Despite some launcher problems this game is so much worth the money if you are into either totalwar, strategi gaming or the warhammer universe.
Bean Boozled	Recommended	148.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197994033456/	I'll try to keep this kind of short, nobody ACTUALLY likes to read.Pros:- Campaign map is BEAUTIFUL. Really feels like it puts you into that section of the Warhammer world, and has really nice environments.- The way you level up/equip lords and use them in battle is really cool, especially considering the epic heroes of Warhammer lore; it gives you a chance to forge similar heroes in the flames of battle.- You can rename almost everything, other than factions and legendary leaders. Tiny feature, but still nice(I like to personalize my leader's army so he isn't running around with common soldiers).- Magic system is a nice feature; I feel like it is lacking in offensive spells that a single person can cast, but still refreshing and fun to use.- Real power struggle. Between the Undead, Chaos/Norsca, Dwarves, Bretonnians, Kislev, Border Princes, and provinces of the Empire, there is a lot of war going on, not just between these culture groups but with internal wars as well. It's nice, but can make it difficult.- Heroes(like the agents of previous games) can be used in battle now, which can be really nice depending on the situation.- Offers more customization with renaming, war banners that give abilities to a single unit, and lord equipment.- No more building upkeep such as food or public opinion; this is a questionable move in a game of managing your military and kingdom, but I like it. Puts more focus on war, which is naturally the key aspect of both this era in Warhammer and this game.Lots of cool little things about the game, but sadly it is tarnished with a few LARGE bad things as well.Cons:- A miniscule five playable factions, and you have to get the game within the first week or else you're left without Chaos, which is arguably the most important faction at this point in Warhammer lore. It is based around the final rise of Chaos and the End Times, so how can you leave out that entire faction?! A pathetic money grab by an increasingly greedy company.- Factions can only take over certain settlements, and Chaos can take over none. The Chaos part I don't mind, but in a game of conquest, how can you be severely limited on what you can conquer? I know it is part of an attempt to be very accurate to the lore, but still it makes war with most of the factions completely pointless other than as a waste of your armies. A very disappointing aspect of the game.- Unit variety sucks. They'll put 3 types of the exact same unit(just with different weapons) in for a faction, but won't add another, actually unique unit?- Naval warfare? Basically non-existent in this game.- Elves, Dark Elves, Skaven, and the Chaos Dwarves were left out, which were key factions within the same conflict that is depicted in the game. Not the vital nations, but still important both in lore and fanbase. You also cannot play as Bretonnia, despite the culture and nation being there; no doubt it'll be added as a crappy DLC pack designed to steal money that shouldn't be going to CA.- Along the lines of the upkeep thing, the game is very simplified in terms of managing your faction. Honestly the only two things you really watch out for are army upkeep and corruption(this is nullified extremely easily though, upkeep as well compared to the old games).- Complete lack of building diversity in regards to economy/support. This is not entirely bad, as it allows more war-time focus for a war focused game. Still, a notably negative feature overall.- In reality, this is more along the lines of an expansion than a full game. There is a similar amount of stuff to this game as there is to the big DLCs of previous games. CA is going through this phase where they drop and/or lock content, that way they can release it later in DLCs or separate full games to take more hard-earned money from their ever-loyal fans, despite the fact that it is content that should've been in the game from the start. It is pathetic, especially for a series that was doing just fine without bleeding its fans dry. Can't wait to pay extra just to add tiny blood effects to a WARHAMMER game! Seriously, it is just wrong.Overall, the Total War series is my all time favorite, I loved every game since the original Shogun and of course I enjoy this game a lot as well. Many nice features, but it is dragged down by a major lack of content that should have been there, and is dragged down by the poor decision making that influenced its production and release. Despite this, I would still suggest the game to any lovers of strategy games, Warhammer, or the Total War series. I love the game, in the kind of way that you love the one friend in the group that is an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ all of the time and doesn't really deserve your friendship, but has enough lovable qualities to make you keep them around. 7/10
Literally Unplayable	Recommended	119.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/orionrenegd/	This is a great game. I'm just sad that it had to tank so many negative reviews at launch when most of the issues were caused by people's ignorance/impatience...
Artlaw	Recommended	92.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198010278507/	Loving this game! As a long-time Warhammer and Total War player, this game is all I had hoped for. I am an older gamer,  have been playing Wahammer since the late 80's, and I am truly loving this game so far. It runs very smooth on my rig and I have everything set on Ultra. No load problems or slow downs at all for me. Very happy I preordered!!!!
Luke Fett	Recommended	194.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198005696834/	Are there bugs that pop up time to time? Yes. A unit of Slayers refuses to go through the gate I've blasted open and insists instead to slowly climb the ladder on the wall next to the gate. The Orcish Horde I'm facing decides to wait for me to bomb them into oblivion, kindly waiting for my Dwarven units to get bored. The Chaos Champion decides to run ahead of his army and die in a last samurai style suicide run against my Empire rifles. A battle turns into a last ditch, 1000+ unit bull rush of the main gate and the game stutters. Just a small subset of things that have happened to me.Now, for the positive.Assuming you play on Hard difficulty or above, which I've always found to be the only way you don't get bored in the end-game, the AI usually fights and maneuvers with a ruthlessness that can be shocking. Especially early game, when that one super stack of units you have is your lifeblood. Speaking of your units, they are bursting with character. I've never loved a total war army like my battered Dwarven legion. The lore, Book of Grudges game mechanic, and flavor text really makes you feel that this army of Dwarves are a clan fighting for survival. Normally outnumbered, fighting monstrous creatures, I actually cheered when they pulled victory out of their hat. Hoping those little animated sprites went home and drank their world famous beer.The campaign map is wonderfully varied, and does a great job of creating points of constant conflict. I've felt that entire wars have been fought over key settlement, only for the victor to be too weakened to push the advantage. Essentially creating a narrative that is just like the lore of Warhammer.Monstrous units are a blast, and they don't feel like an instant win when you have them (I'm looking at you, Elephants from Rome 2). You are given a lot of ways to counter them, and are a fool if you don't account for them.Magic feels like an epic addition, but not something you can use to force a victory. Buffing the right right unit at the right time, creating the best magical effect for the given situation, and having the dumb luck that lets that tower of fire move in the right direction to maim a tough unit, it always creates a great tactical decision. Side Note: creating zombies as the Vampire Counts is GREAT!Chaos feels like it comes a little early to the game. While it's a great outside threat in the same vein as Attilla, I would like a little more time trying to conquer and unite my empire. Your lords and named characters are a blast to have. Creating strong characters you grow attached to, who do not die of old age (which makes it terrible when they die in battle). The quests for your Legendary Lords are... ok? While it's great to have these epic items of power, going to the far flung parts of the map with your Legendary Lord and his powerful army is a huge risk. And while you can teleport there for the battle, it costs 5000 currency, and that could be a lot depending on how your campaign is going.I feel like I've rambled, so I'm going to end this review with this.Buy the game. It runs well, it plays well, and it is truly a joy to play.
Ratfink	Recommended	155.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197972386276/	3 year old i5 here with 16gb and a new GTX970. I have had no stuttering at all, everything running smoothly with Ultra settings. I have to say this is the most polished Total War game I've ever played. It feals rock solid like none of the previous 3 total wars titles. So as far as the game goes I'm biased as I have wanted this ever since the original shogan. So many well thought out systems from tutorials to heroes and items. My only issue and its minor is down in the badlands area every battlefield is a barren plain without any strategic features, but its really minor. So my first impressions are very good.
k|Aquila Mars	Recommended	1,289.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198048009911/	Good gracious, CA finally did a decent release.The game is well optimized and ran without issues for me. Despite having a rather old PC I can run it on fairly high settings with reliable FPS. Some people seem to have graphical issues, I haven't encountered any myself so far, so I can't speak for them.The AI is decent as well, almost beat me in one battle where we had equal number of troops, had to try hard to win it. And that hasn't happened to me in total war since... forever. That being said, loading times (especially when I first ran the game) were rather long, but they became better afterwards. If you are fan of Warhammer like I am, get this. You won't be disappointed.Oh, and... RIDE BRETONNIA!!!
RhyoliTe	Recommended	740.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198025145253/	I have played the game at this point for about 20+ hours, almost exclusively with a friend of mine in online coop and I can safely say that despite the initial pre-order chaos ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t the game is very well polished, especially for a total war game. Anyone who played TW in the past and then came upon the beauty that was Shogun 2, that is how I am feeling right about now.Perhaps the BEST part about this game, for us coop players, is that when the game desynchronizes instead of throwing you out it asks you and the other player if you want to attempt to resynchronize. Which was ♥♥♥♥ing mindblowing to us, in the past we would have been thrown out of our game (mid-turn even) and lose unnecessary progress in the process but NOT with this game! 10/10Sieges feel very simplified, it is all about holding the walls and when defending you can feel that when they do breach through your gates it feels like your battle line (up top) is about to collapse because now you have to divert forces if you hadn't already.The campaign feels very good too, the AI is finally competent enough to know when to back away from you instead of suiciding their armies and when they can they try to overwhelm you. And ♥♥♥♥ing finally when the AI is desperate to make peace with you after having you beat the living♥♥♥♥♥♥out of their big army they actually offer you large sums of money in return for peace, it feels like the AI has gained a "humble" trait if you will.The only downsides that I have noticed thus far is that you can't really play coop in vanilla, unless you want to play head-to-head. However I found it disappointing when playing as Vampire Counts and my friend as Dwarves that it was practically impossible for me to kill him because I couldn't settle any dwarven holds to act as forward base, not to mention the ♥♥♥♥ing lack-of-corruption attrition which forces you to go through their lands in raid stance which makes a trip from your capital, to theirs take about 7-8 turns. Meanwhile they can tunnel around you, attack your capital, raze it, then return to their home and be still on time to defend from the attacking Vampire forces...I can't speak for any problems with the other factions, but I imagine playing as orcs (who can only conquer orcish or dwarven settlements) in a head-to-head against humans is equally as painful. There are ofcourse mods to fix this which brings me to raise the next big bonus: Steam workshop support! Must I say more?And a personal nitpick of mine, I absolutely dislike it that every unit (besides monsters and artillery I think) can spawn ladders infront of them, in the literal sense, and climb a city's wall. I would have much more preferred to have seen ladders being a constructable siege item, just like previous installments. Maybe a future mod will change this? Who knows.All in all I think the game will be very enjoyable for total war players and perhaps abit more friendlier & welcoming to warhammer fans who are new to this style of game.
superior wizardry	Recommended	81.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/braydenpriebe/	A good spin-off of the Total War series. Awesome mechanics, cool gameplay, interesting campaigns, etc. Blood and gore DLC makes the battles look a lot better.
SummerGuru	Recommended	337.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198026417262/	One of the best total war games, but.. they really over did it with the DLC.
GetToThaCHOPPA	Recommended	141.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198027155590/	Last time I had so much fun with total war was Medieval 2.
GenericNickname	Recommended	327.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198029903979/	> Played Empire> Hired General, renamed him Heinz Guderian> Built army consisting of him and only steam tanks> Invaded and conquered  France   Brettonia, watched Courlonne burn under the weight of my fantasy german steam tanks.19/40 Game is all Reich.
Meneer Banaan	Recommended	503.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198034615836/	Product received for free
loudwill	Not Recommended	67.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198057573972/	This is bull$hitDo not buy this game.  The amount of ridiculously priced dlc is sahmeful.  Some of the dlc is so badly thought out it is basically unplayable on the easiest difficulty.  I have played almost every Total War title that has ever been published and this is embarassing.  Whoever is responsible for this fuc#ing garbage should be ashamed.  I regret having played so much trying to like this game that I can't get a refund.
skrag	Recommended	558.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198025163399/	I'm just going to say what everyone else is: the game itself is awesome, and the planned expansions will make it one of the best games ever, especially for Warhammer fans.  The problem is their DLC policy; it's going to push the total price of the game to ridiculous levels.  It's probably best to wait 2 or 3 years when they've released their 2 dozen or more DLC packs and  two expansions, and it's all rolled into one neat "game of the year edition" or whatever they'll call it, and is hopefully far cheaper.  If you can't wait that long like I couldn't, try and buy a cheap Steam key from somewhere other than Steam for the base game, and pick just a few of the DLC packs - from the current ones, i'd recommend "The King and the Warlord" and "The Grim and the Grave".  You can live without the rest; they can be bought much later on, when they fall in price.
Zoidberg0m0	Not Recommended	840.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198168918012/	Overall just meh. They know they have a loyal fanbase that they can milk. I was fine paying the $60 up front for the game with 4 playable race plus the Chaos DLC included. Then I played the game, and the replay valuse really isn't there. They can't make a make with random spawn points really. Thats all it needs. Then they want to charge me $3 to put blood in the game so they can make this game T instead of M. That should be an optional free DLC. Then they want to charge me $19 for 1 race, sorry I refuse to pay 33% of the intial cost to play another race on the same old map.This is why people pirate things. I understand it cost money to continuelly devolp a game  but come on. I am now up to $81 for a game that is 1/4 complete. Do yourselfa favor and don't get trapped in this money pit.
eliarnold3	Recommended	48.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197970201649/	A significant change from previous Total War games.  This is more about battles and unique units than the strategy layer.
Fell Presidenté!	Recommended	211.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/felldian/	I initially wasn't going to purchase this then caved on release day. No regrets, probably the most solid Total War release since Shogun 2. Went in having read about all the supposed issues with Nvidia cards, played it fine before the hotfix, not a single error has happened since my first run other than mishaps with mods.A strong return to form for CA, despite the Chaos arguement that revolves around this. Definitely worth the launch price though!Update: The DLC for this game is getting stronger with every release, if you haven't thrown money at this game then I reccomend it! For once CA seems to have realised what sort of DLC we want!
Iron	Recommended	11.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198010384284/	I read all the reviews on the constant crashing. Then i launch the game. Then i played for 3 hours. TOTALLY WARGGGGH! if i  even listen to those dumb reviews. Game works 100% and is awesome.
Zafonhan	Recommended	106.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Zafonhan/	Aragorn, son of Arathorn, approves this game.
Isaac	Recommended	38.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198067687272/	i love total war and i was very excited to see warhammer a fantasy franchise make it's mark into the world of total war. My first impression are amazing, i run warhammer on my laptop and with medium system specs and it runs much better than previous total war titles i'm so glad to finally play the game without constant framerate drops or screen tearing. this game focuses a lot more on warfare than ever before, they took the buidling browser from rome 2 and removed food and tax control so you never have to worry about how many food your dwarf need.I only played the dwarf at the moment and i'm having a blast.I didn't encounter any bugs and the AI is very good at the moment.this game makes me want to visit the warhammer universe and play the table top game for newcomers like me that love fantasy and tactics this game hits it out of the park.For veteran warhammer fan i think they will love this game because they can finally experience the tactical and strategic elements from the table top games in actual real time 3D battles.Either way from both sides everyone can agree with this: this is the best warhammer game to ever release maybe even the best Games workshop game to ever release but it's to early to tell yet but from other reviewers and the community it looks like it.Will update my review on a later date, See you on the battlefields of the dwarfen realm.EDIT:I finished the dwarf campaign 2 month ago and yes i fell in love with the dwarf faction and warhammer in general. what always surprises me in total war games is that you always need to play the same faction more than just ones because i still didn't see all the unites that the dwarfs have in their roster the same goes with other total war games. I still don't understand the hate for this game on the steam review page (MIXED at this time of writing) i read a lot of people's review and yes they are still doing their STUPID dlc policy but i don't care much because they nailed it with this game and i don't mind paying extra even more than the price of 1 game if i love the game i play and if the dlc's are packed with good stuff. Still they showed us their DLC plans and they won't go into the one unit dlc thing the only 3 dlc packs they will ever offer are: Campaign dlc ( one faction with side story), hero dlc ( 2 legendary lords with hero's and units packed into it) and last is the expansions that will come out i think later next year. i love this game and i'm on my second playthrough with the vampire court. And if you hate the dlc than wait until the next summer sale or christmas sale the dlc cost half even less than the original price so everybody wins.
C0mpa	Recommended	250.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/S0njoe1/	A story of WAAAGH! and peace ....mostly WAAAGH! though
paulyg6669	Recommended	215.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198141176879/	I can't say enough good things about this game. I'm a huge fan of total war and this game has surpassed my expectations. Every single race has so many unique aspects that make them new and exciting to play after you finish a previous campain. Lots and lots of replay value and lots and lots of fun. I can tell they really put a lot of work into the game.
setrus86	Recommended	961.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197994090650/	Total War: Warhammer, is the best total war to date, I can already feel it.A solid release, with sooo much content and such diversity, both on the campaign and battle map. And it will only get better as more factions, dlc campaigns and the next two games are added! This thing is going to easily net me 2000+ hours, which is value for money however you turn it.So while the historical titles have been great, this is amazing. CA is unshackled and gets to flex their muscles in a great way. A must buy!
BallsMgee	Recommended	175.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198023762048/	Need babysitter....for life.
PatTheDemon	Recommended	256.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/PatTheDemon/	Incredible addition to the total war genre. Great work.
Egoscar	Recommended	124.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197970508412/	As someone who has literally never played a Total War game, I am enjoying the game immensely so far (perhaps in part thanks to Warhammer). I feel that it has a steep learning curve that I am starting to get the hang of, thanks in part to the in game tutorial pop ups. Now if only I could get combat down instead of always auto-resolving...
BohemianRomantic	Recommended	539.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198050555363/	Easily the smoothest total war launch to date, the game has been entirely bug free for me so far. In terms of gameplay an incredible amount has been done to ensure differences in gameplay between the playable races, not just in the battle map but in the campaign map as well. The Empire has a heavy focus on diplomacy, with the player being able to take control of large amounts of land through solely diplomatic means, while also forcing you to manage the many needs of the regional counts. Inversly as the Vampire Counts you have no friends from the start, and are forced to turtle up in your starting two regions while using agents to corrupt enemy lands. Occasionally the infighting amongst the empire provinces will give you a chance to take one out without turning all of the others against you.The game forces you to be schemeing opportunistic as the Counts. This is just an example of how the game is designed to force you to play with the personality of each faction, and it follows through for the other two factions as well. Probably the most engaging total war I've played to date, and I highly recommend it.
Vegeta	Recommended	28.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/oldvegeta/	despite being lost cause its my first total war game, its a really deep and rich game!
Mihr	Recommended	468.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198055185849/	Plays like a modern day Rome 2 but with more war. Battles are way more engaging now with a wider variety in unit types and faction perks/cons that are very noticeable. No two races feel similar and the campaign can be quite challenging even to veteran players.Who would have thought Warhammer would have the best diplomacy options in ages? Confederations need to be a staple going forward.
tj	Recommended	190.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/tja11/	Kholek Suneater approves this game.
OneDamonToRuleThemAll	Recommended	120.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198073718935/	Unlike RTW2 the AI actually attack in a siege instead of sitting there xD.
Charzin	Recommended	109.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198039337672/	So I beat the Long Campaign as the Dwarfs so I finally feel ready to write this review. After being frustrated with the slow pace of melee combat in Rome II, Warhammer moved the combat along nicely because it seemed that the units were actually able to kill things in a reasonable amount of time. I only had one crash in a very specific (and therefore easily avoidable) circumstance, when swapping units with an army using the Tunnels.If you're hesitating on buying this game because of the general low quality of Warhammer games and recent Total War releases, I would say go for it. I was worried about having another lemon Warhammer title, but the races all seem to play differently and the Warhammer world is well represented.The few downsides I've run into are the fact that Dwarfs cannot settle human lands, which sometimes leads to human or undead factions following you around and reclaiming everything you've attempted to destroy. I would like to see a mod for being able to at least set up a little watch post or something similar. The undead armies never seemed to build higher tier troops (this was on Hard) meaning that their armies were absolute cannon-fodder all game.I'm going to keep hoping that we're able to get expansions with some High Elfs!
Sanadoon	Recommended	671.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Sanadoon/	This is a great game. I'd write more, but I'd rather be playing it
Bellcross	Recommended	1,124.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198006547074/	My favourite game by far, the unique factions/races offer such different and fun possibilities of playing & replaying, it never gets dull or repetitive. Beautiful graphics, amazing detail for units, buildings and the grand campaign map also fitting sound/music. Most important of all its TOTAL WAR based on the WARHAMMER UNIVERSE!!!!!!My personal opinion; the Best fantasy turn based strategy game there is.           100/100
The Fingerer	Recommended	270.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/reksbanner/	It's fun and keeps my severe autism in check
Gauldfish	Recommended	193.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198039836568/	Okay, so In my opinion this is the best Total War I've played alongside Shogun 2. After playing almost all of the total wars, bar the original Medieval and Shogun, I was dying for them to release some sort of fantasy style title. AND THEY DID. They pulled it off, the magic and monsterous creatures are well balanced and feel like they should. The graphics and smoothness of the game itself is also a massive improvement on Atilla and Rome, alongside this I have experienced next to no bugs!So go buy it!
Phantomrave	Recommended	80.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/UnderTheIronSun/	This is the most polished and exciting total war out of the whole series. The combat is on a scale you've never seen and the factions feel different and look different to one another- each with their own art style and damn different play style! The units clash with such force and there's a certain joy watching your hero send 10 people flying from a ravenous undead army while he's in the thick of combat and then casually walking over to punish another group.The Turn based map is also just so warhammer but so total war, its the perfect mix. If you you like Total war, Buy it. If you like Warhammer. Buy it.
gameseater lol	Recommended	330.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/gameseatergod/	i wish daddy mannfred would love me more good game though tbh
Shado	Recommended	85.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198059157295/	After receiving this game in the humble bundle I still had my doubts about the game due to it being a total war game. The gameplay is solid and so are the factions with just the base game. I can say without a doubt I am still enjoying the game! However the DLC is poorly managed and could be considered a cash grab due to two of the factions that already exist in the base game you have to buy seperatly to be able to play the. All said and done it is still a very good game! It's definently one of the better Total War games and I think it's due to the fact that it's WARHAMMER based and not the typical "pre-era" ones like with the  Romans or Atilla. Most of the negative feedback from what I've seen is from the DLC. Also something to consider is yes this is a $60 title and it's a total war game. Normally I would not recommend that, but as is I would say if I had paid the $60 and not gotten it from humble bundle I would still give it a recommendation just due to how fun it actaully is! If it were $40 I would outstandingly recommend it because then you would have the wiggle room of an extra $20 for dlc if needed, but as is still very much a well made game even for a Total War. Pros' Combat is well balanced Units feel unique per race/faction Feels like a warhammer title Base game content is consistent and enjoyable Bug free from my experience and no crashes or issues loading anyhing (May vary between people, asked a few friends same thing no issues) Tech trees' for each faction are very unique and feel very polished Cons'  Poorly managed dlc Barebones tutorial meaning learning the mechanics take quite a bit of time figuring out or researching. The auto resolved seems inconsistent a lot of the time Hero actions have no real feedback till a turn is ended (unless you did the action midturn) 
Pilatuss	Recommended	114.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/pilatuss1/	The DLCs are annoying, many of them should be in the game. But the game is fantastic
polarbear.tough	Recommended	61.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198131433775/	its good most people complain about dlc and not the game
Durago	Recommended	187.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Durago/	Great Game, Best Total War Ive played to date. Dont care for the DLC pricing/strategy, DLC is supposed to be for new content, not just new factions with current content, but the solution to that.....Dont buy them. The base game is great on its own. If the DLCs all go on sale for cheap, I will pick them up. Otherwise, I will just continue to enjoy the factions I have and destroy the new ones they add. Easy enough.
Spelling Airor	Recommended	86.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198005646940/	Been a fan of the warhammer universe for some time now, I found that this game feels that empty spot I had when it came to gaming. The diplomatic system with the other factions is great, as you can rep you can choose better diplomatic options and depending on how you act you can gain a trait. For example I had a trait that made me trust worthy and not likely to break my deals, gave me a boost to diplomacy (Nice Option)I found the combat at first to be over whelming to be honest, if not a little lack luster. But then that's until I started fireing Arty's into the enemys and saw the bodies flying all over. The other great graphic / combat feature i found was the mounted units chargeing into combat and knocking the enemy all over the place. There is greater depth to it with flanking, attacking from the rear, morale damage and other great options. I would just give it a little time and you become used to the different tricks you can do.The world map is beautiful all I have to say about that!The different faction options are great, I would suggest you go through the tutorial's and see what they show you. Some really great information in there!I'd recommand buying the game if your egar! or if you can wait a bit grab it when it's on sale would be even better. As it is I went full price and I love the game, no regrets on my end! Worse comes to worse if you don't like it in less then 2 hours using the steam options you can always apply to get a refund.One of my favorite warhammer quotes (it's pretty close) "Hope is the first step on the road to disappointment" This game has many up's and downs while playing, you may lose a commander / general but there's more to hit the battle field :)
Mr.EGM	Recommended	115.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/MrEGM/	THE EMPIRE ENDURES!10/10 would clean the old world from Goblins, Orcs, Vampires, Beastmen, Crazy Norsca people and Chaos warriors again!
jenoffdv	Recommended	156.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198045899859/	Just finished a campaign with Wood Elves. And these are my conclusions so far:PROS:- Every playable faction is very distinct, which is different from previous Total War Games- More story oriented and nice quests- The units are insanely detailed both in visuals and in their specific role- Awesome graphics- Challenging milestones in the game- Adds to the game sequal, resulting in a very big game (although quite expensive all together)CONS:- For me the DLC is a requirement, which makes the game quite expensive.
Cylexus	Recommended	389.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198040919135/	I enjoy the setting but in a number of wayss Ive felt that Warhammer is step back from the other total war games but I like the building system by the way, its not annoying or overly complex or anything)However, I've noticed my Handgunners do not reload there are few kill animations (though I have seen orks and goblins flip over when hit with gunfire and then try to get back up but collapse in a bleeding heap so thats cool) I do like how your cities are not constantly starving every time you upgrade a building, though you still need farms to grow towns.Dwarves are awesomeI have flipping helicoptersI dropped bombs on orks from HelicoptersIt wasMagicalDiplomacy has improved in many ways and I am impressed by how large the map isI managed to convince another Dwarf faction to join my confederation, and I took control of all their holds and armies!I took some public order and diplomacy penalties for 8 turns afterwards but that all seems very legit. I like I dont have to kill my own people to form a pan dwarf empireWhat I dont like is my troops dont reload.I dont notice if unless I zoom in but its still there.tl/drSo really just add a few more factions and improve animations and I will give this a 11/10for now though it gets a 9/10 Excellent game, room for Improvment 
iredx2i	Recommended	254.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/iredx2i/	ok i played for a good while now and from my past 1000 hours on medival,Empire and Rome II i can say this yes it has a small amount of issues but none like rome II when it launched and none near attila this game is wonderfull for a warhammer point of view and note ive only been the empire and just defeated the Vimpire Counts with still more too come, mind you im sure more faction DLC is sure to come i have no love for that but its bound to happen but otther then that im sure more map and gameplay will be added as a norm and really i can only see this game becoming better, if your wondering why this game score is mostly positive and not very or overwhemling is becuase people expect either to much or they have issues with there Rig or there fps is to low in there head and in genaral not too there prefernce and instead of fixing them they just complain, i play with 45 frams on max ruffly with AMD Radeon and i love it so performance should not be a issue unless your a pleb. i give this game 9/10 and im still looking forward for more
Meeseeks	Recommended	53.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/bigredlineman/	This game is awesome, It mixes the campaign aspect of Total war but uses rules and units, unit sizes, abilities and so forth from the table top game. The replay value is awesome because every different campaign is completely different. I love warhammer and I love total war so this game is dream come true.
Joybz	Recommended	139.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Joybz/	Brilliant take on the warhammer world. All fits together well, great game is so well optimised and i have yet to have an issue, much smoother release compared to rome 2! The different factions make this different enough to the previous total war games without venturing too far into being unrecognisable.
Mixarez	Recommended	320.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/gzo2008/	Total War цувралын хувьд эрс шинэчлэл болсон. Улс бүр өөрийн гэсэн онцлогтой учир бусад цувралаас онцгойрох чухал ач холбогдолтой зүйл юм. Тулааны системд шинээр ид шид орж ирсэн учраас нилээн ярвигтай болсон. Legendary mode дээр бусад цувралаасаа хэцүү болсон. Жишээ нь Вампируудаар тоглож байхдаа Одойчуудтай дайны байдалд шилжвэл бараг хохь нь болох шинжтэй. Хувийн үнэлгээ 9-10
Pio	Recommended	15.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/pioalface/	Total War: Warhammer is a decent 4x game that failed to fully captivate me.Pros:-When experiencing the combat for the first times, it is amazingly exciting.-City development is easy to grasp.-Smaller learning curve than other 4x available, at least in terms of city development.-Excluding the diplomacy part, the AI is smart.-Good optimization and performance.Cons: -Lots of expensive dlc. Without buying them (which I didn’t) you feel like you are playing a demo.-Not much to do after beating the game the first time (without buying the dlc’s at least).-Diplomacy is weird, being that the AI seems to perform irrational choices.-In my opinion, game partly loses interest when chaos starts attacking.7/10.
Soviet	Recommended	55.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/towarzyszu/	The people who complain that this oversimplified Total War are a bunch of geese. All things you do in this game are to further your goal of getting mans on the battlefield, which is what total war has always been best at.Once you're actually ON that battlefield, you will be blown away by how many tactical considerations you have to make in comparison to the classic spear->cav->archers->swords->spear total war unit lineup.  Just because it caught a big splash of fantasy paint, doesn't mean it isn't Total War, and it shows.Also, WAAAAAGGGHHHHH.
SydneyKurono	Recommended	1,510.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SydKur/	One of my close friends recommended this game, Highly.So, I bought it and love it. I recommend this game to anyone.
Shad.rack312	Recommended	59.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198011761268/	Love this game, not very good at it but simply cannot get over the feeling of commanding armies from one of my favorite universes. New to total war franchise so it is a little tough to understand all the mechanics on the campaign map but easy to learn and simply look up a solution! Love the game keep making awesome DLCs!!!
HistoryBuff	Recommended	68.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/27041005/	My absolute favourite total war games and I was 9 when I played shogun.
PotatoTech	Recommended	338.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SlinkToe/	Great Game, Great Lore. People are Jaded from the realism of the previous versions but dont sweat it. This game should be considered a stand alone in its approach to the Total War play style due to its heavy emphasis on the 40k lore. The content has been continually rolling out and I cant wait for the Elves.
Hri	Recommended	282.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/DevilishFly/	Being probably one of the better total wars ever, this will hopefully lead to larger scaled projects, as much as I love the historical games, I think this series would benefit from taking on more fantasy, as such LOTR :P One can only hope.But honestly its my favourite total war by a long shot!
Treaken	Recommended	27.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198003373661/	Well its now midnight I only ment to play for 2 hours but slaying humans as vampires is just to much fun.No issues but then again I have all amd setup im getting 144fps
Harry Tipper	Recommended	31.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198147679056/	Hey, that's pretty good.
okamius	Recommended	270.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197986021222/	The game I've been wanting for the last 15 years. It's immersive, satisfying and EPIC! Though strategic layer lacks in depth the battles are better than ever in TW series. Better optimized than Attila as well and personally had no technical dififculties. Would write more but need to throw few more fireballs at  Manfred's bald face.
Yawnstar	Recommended	42.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/yawnstar/	This game has exceeded my expectations on release. It runs very smoothly and I haven't encountered any bugs within 40 hours of gameplay. I didn't pre-order and I got the Chaos DLC for free on the first week. This is a great example of companies listening to their fan-base as I wanted to see how the game turned out before purchasing. Each race plays differently and each has a massive amount of character and charisma. The graphics and sound are lovingly crafted, nothing in this game has been skimped. Each of the 5 factions has fully fleshed out graphics, sound and story. It all gels into an immersive atmosphere which can suck you in for hours. All in all this is a very well put together and polished game. It was clearly crafted by a team that loves warhammer and the result shows. Delaying the game has turned out to be for the best because it has been such a sweet and smooth release. A truly great game, worthy of soaking up endless hours. Recommended.
-.Yousoro.-	Recommended	39.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/sakatafyoga/	honestly I don't like any games with turn-based gameplay.After I play this game,I change my mindGREAT GAME
Euklb	Recommended	367.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198041430031/	As someone who has loved both Total war and Warhammer from an early age i couldnt imagine a better combination this game is a fantasy come true
Yugkk	Recommended	66.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198035551042/	Wasnt sure about this game... another total war? As soon as my general started whooping asses on the battlefield i knew this was the♥♥♥♥♥♥ Best of the series so far.
TheDarkKnight™	Recommended	236.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198090922370/	It's 100% awesome !! 
Jødelæggelsen	Recommended	158.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198017820191/	Fantastic game so far but with that said I’m also a complete fanboy of the series as well as the Warhammer universe! It’s Total War as we know it and it’s a game with flaws which I hope will be polished with some upcoming patches. One of my issues though is the lack of factions to play and those to come that are gonna be priced DLC unfortunately. The few that are there are with a lot of variety which is great. The gameplay too is nice, I appreciate that the smaller factions and rebels have to build up their own armies and not just have those maxed out armies that I tended to bump into in Shogun 2. I feel like the AI I’m playing against is using more thought and depth into their strategic decisions though I’m getting dead tired of all the kiting they do which you’ll experience yourself if you try the game… All in all I really enjoyed this game and I’ll continue to play it and I’ll most likely even purchase the DLC to further explore the game despite not being a huge fan of the concept of purchasing a game that comes with DLC, it makes me feel in some ways that the game I got wasn’t complete. 9/10
Warchief	Recommended	181.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198090246010/	It's an awesome game indeed! DLC stuff is quite annoying but you don't have to buy them at full price or at all. I usually wait for a sale like some others do :D Can't wait for the next TW Warhammer game
Plastic Menace	Recommended	206.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ViroRivyera/	How do I describe it? It's at the same level Shogun 2 was when it came out. A step up from its predecessors and a step behind what we had hoped for. This game needs to be good and needs to be well received I believe for the Total War franchise to continue on. PROCONNERUS!I'm happy the AI doesn't derp it's way into sieges, but the cities are simpler so it feels like a bit of a trade off especially with auto-ladders though its realistically the only solution to the AI's general sad panda face at the prospect of going up walls. The AI seems to be able to competently handle its new unit types, I was particularly impressed with Chaos's use of Marauder Cav and Tundra wolves for skirmishing. However, the AI also seems to favour the "If we engaged in a line today, we're certainly going to engage in a line tomorrow!" There's quite alot of love thats gone into the character models from what I've seen, the art work is certainly on point. Though who ever thought Thorgrims AngryLazyBoyChair3000 was a going solution is a bit well, daft. I haven't seemed to inherit many of the technical issues people are going on about right now. The con part of it is that theres a huge ♥♥♥♥♥torm over the technical soudness and optimisation of this game. Business as Usual for TW :PCON-CONNERUS Dont touch multiplayer in early days right now, its broken af. Though I suspect server load and GLORIOUS COMRADE AUSTRALIAN INTERNET is to blame.  No RPG style Shogun 2 general avatar for multiplayer. Game was basically made for that style of multiplayer and would have shined with it. All in all, this game is worth the dollars, my hip pocket regret hasn't burned through my trousers so thats a good thing. But if you want to hold off, then I heard theres a nice steam sale something something something. 
Lokivoid	Recommended	928.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198037378159/	I approve this game
Čmuklc	Recommended	87.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198057329575/	Best in the series
NotMeHoW	Recommended	357.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/013370001/	This is defeintly one of the best total wars out there. I have played the total war games since my childhood, ever since I found out about rome and medivial total war 1 as well as 2 stole my heart I have been buying these games without sometimes second thoughts. The amount and divsersity of each faction is incredibles. I highly recommand this game. The main issue however with the game is its pricing of the DLC and the odd choice for races to not be able to colonise every settelment.
Morray	Recommended	287.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197975083280/	I've played so many hours on this game, and I'm old as balls. It's just perfect, brilliant AI amazing graphics and a crazy amount of replay-ability, buy it, enjoy it and thank me! 
Mongoskar	Recommended	686.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Mongoskar/	Total War: Warhammer is a good game, no doubt, yet there is still a lot of wasted potential.To further enhance that, I need to go a bit in-depth:First and foremost, the campaign is generally fun and can indeed last, as in previous Total War titles, significantly more than 20 hours, which is obviously a good thing. Also, the different factions are indeed very different and play different. Many new features to this game (such as magic or character development) are implemented decently in the campaign, allthough I would have liked a bit more depth in, for expample, the overcharge system.However, the campaign does have some flaws, which are mainly related to CA just being lazy. For example, the internal politics of The Empire aren't represented in any way whatsoever (also, no Bloodthirsters / Keeper Of Secrets / Plaguebearers and all Empire provicnes are just copy-paste?)Despite these flaws, the campaign still provides a fun experience.The same goes for the multiplayer.People are generally nice (you will run into some jerks though) which makes for nice and fun matches, allthough battles are usually quite short (the same goes mostly for the campaign).Sieges, however, are a different story entirely. CA has simplified them to a degree where they are a massive grind-fest, with a scarcity of outflanking and outplaying possibilities. This problem is somewhat solved by the awesome maps created by users via the map creator. In general, there are a lot of great mods out there which improve the gameplay drastically (Steel*Faith Overhaul, to name one). However, things like adding in (better) maps shouldn't be left to the community.The DLCs of this game are quite expensive and will bring the total price of this game to 100+ bucks.I personally got my money's worth out of them, but this might differ for you.Long story short:+fun and replayable gameplay with unique factions, both in MP and campaign+better character system than in previous Total War titles +magic has  been implemented decently+ wide variety of great mods-some features aren't as in-depth as I would like (mainly related to CA being lazy)-unmodded sieges are, frankly, just not fun-expecnsive DLCsAfter all, if you liked Rome 2 and Attila, you will probably like this game aswell.In my opinion, Warhammer is a better game than those 2.Definitely pick it up when it's on sale.Thank you for reading this, I would very much appreciate if you could point out grammatical errors and/or typos to me.
ellerman123	Not Recommended	83.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197984715318/	Awesome game, but it's incomplete. You buy the base game and get maybe 1/3 of the playable factions. This is standard CA behavior though, so wait for it on sale. You'll probably end up spending about $50 to get the game and all the DLCs.
KFMogar	Recommended	365.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198066819493/	Despite lacking the campaign depth I was hoping for from previous titles, TW: Warhammer remains one of my favorite Total War games. Factions are unique and greatly diversified, both in the campaign and certainly in battles. Battles feel crisp, with units being responsive, counters and interesting builds possible, and absolutley lovely unit models. Visually the game looks great, but it is also decently optimized for older rigs. Though the paid DLC is hit and miss, there is a plethora of free content and mods which provide countless hours of gameplay, especially for the current sale price!
Teridax	Recommended	343.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198035527443/	Haven't had that much fun in a total war game since ages.Even preordered part 2 after telling myself never to preorder any game anymore after the rome 2 catastrophe.
Teridax	Recommended	343.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198035527443/	Haven't had that much fun in a total war game since ages.Even preordered part 2 after telling myself never to preorder any game anymore after the rome 2 catastrophe.
RichardV	Recommended	653.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Richardv0123/	This game has an incrediable level of replay value. Even after countless hours you will still feel the same thrill of your first epic battle.Every faction is unique and every grand campaign will unfold differently, seeing the lore of Warhammer come to life is incredibly satisfying and CA have done a magnificant job.
snap (out of it)	Recommended	80.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/locored/	Runs well, nice map and setting, diverse races to play, even in the base game. DLC are a bit expensive and don't add too much to the game, as the game feels complete even without it now (with the addition of free DLCs).
Benny Snell for Heisman	Recommended	142.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/tybad1/	Faction diversity absolutely carries this game. I can lead an army of armour-clad badass dwarfs with artillery and helicopters  in the morning, summon an army of undead consisting of ghosts, zombie dragons, bats, and all other manner of nastiness in the afternoon before finally settling down and leading a band of bloodthirsty orks before bedtime. People might complain about the price of some of the DLC, but when you bear in mind the amount of detail added to some of these new rosters it honestly doesn't bother me much. On top of that, the base game is honestly complete enough to the point where you don't really need any of the DLC to feel like you've gotten your money's worth. And this isn't even taking into account Bretonnia, which was added to the game completely free and might be my favorite playable faction that CA has made for any of their games ever.
Death Star	Recommended	21.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198217978155/	This game deserve to be the champion in massive battles. It can have thousands of units on the battlefield and each one can have distinct fighting animation. The units are far more aggressive than the previous Total War series. So you'll see lots of excitement. Some units have special abilities. It definitely adds new and interesting feature to the series. And what makes this game superb beyond what words can describe, is that the unit variation is truly remarkable. Each faction really does have something unique and amazing to spice up the well known combat system. You'll never get bored playing thousands of hours of this game.
Schnee	Recommended	212.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198068881953/	Spent hours into the game weren't regrettable, even though it could easily eat up hours during one sitting of playthrough.Having Total war take on a fantasy setting and at best, the Warhammer lore/franchise couldn't get better than this. It's a fresh new breathe of air from the steady historical-based game of total war. In my opinion this really worked out well and was able to draw out what CA could improve and add from their previous games into this one spectacular game.Easily the most fun I've had from any of the previous Total War installments, The game wasn't as cluttered as previous games but in exchange sacrificed features that could have added more complexity and depth to the game, Which is both good and bad in some ways or another... Quite skeptical on how they manage the DLCs, Most of them have a steep price for just getting one faction or another with just a different take of play style that varies each faction. Which doesn't seem worth the price for just unlocking the said faction. Although, They did it right with the Dwarfs and Greenskins dlc "The king and the warlord" which not just added more units but along side with a new start point for both dwarfs and greenskins, along with an additional objective and handicap. Now with that out of the bag althought this review is short, I'm looking forward to the next sequel and in which I hope it will be much better than first regarding on handling and managing dlcs and the likes.
Poison Ivan	Recommended	600.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/konyo42/	Despite ignoring the title for about a year I grabbed it from humblebundle after having the game recommended to me and I've never been so wrong, excellent game albeit a bit dumbed down compared to the historic titles but the unit variation more than makes up for that.It's pretty fast paced, beaitiful campaign map that changes depending on ownership (for ex. as the vampires all your lands slowly turn into dark dead landscapes) and each faction really has it's own unique way of playing.Since the game has been finalized in it's foundation update which added a ton of QoL changes and the Norsca faction I highy recommend this title to both TW fans and Warhammer fans.
HuffingJenkem	Recommended	455.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/HuffingJenkem/	I sexually identify as a gyrocopter. Ever since I was a beardling I dreamed of soaring over the mountains dropping crude gunpowder loads on disgusting grobi. People say to me that a dwarf being a gyrocopter is Impossible and I’m a wazzock but I don’t care, I’m beautiful. I’m having an engineer install rotary blades, a steam cannon and bombs on my body. From now on I want you guys to call me “Gyrobomber” and respect my right to kill from above and kill needlessly. If you can’t accept me you’re a gyrophobe and need to check your vehicle privilege. Thank you for being so understanding.
Budekman	Recommended	121.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/budekman/	this game had a great lore and story , start with 4 faction , The empire , Dwarf , undead , and greenskin . all of those faction have different playstyle . the game don't have water fight .  the siege had only 1 wall . it's so different than the other total war games . the game is almost fast pace like shogun 2 . i like the hero or general idea . the game is 80/100 for me . i still prefer shogun for brutal fight and tactic .be wary the game is expensive for it content . i recommend to buy this at sale
Wreckingball	Recommended	227.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Djw4kd/	This is my first review for any game on steam ever. I am writing this because I believe that the negative reviews for this game are absolute ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. These reviews are ment for the game, not the companys decision on DLC and the prices for them. This game is absolutely excellent. From the campaign down to the battles. I havent been so into a total war game since Shogun 2. Atila and Rome were just boring to me. But this game brings so many different aspects to the total war genre. It is absolutely a blast to play. When you purchase the base game, you are definitely getting your moneys worth. Each faction is like an entirely different game that requires different strategys both on the field and on the campaign. On top of that each faction can specialize in different army comps and hero comps. I am currently playing the Von Carstein, and I am focusing on skeleton warriors with high leadership bonuses from many different vampie heroes on the field. With a mix of bats too destroy enemy archers. This game really destroys the way the rock paper scissors type gameplay worked. Where archers>infantry Calv>archers Spear>cavalry Sword>spear. The mechanics and the hero/lord levels and abilities, items and gear are also really fun.If you like total war and haven't played any of the games since shogun, it will take some getting used to. but it is definitely worth it and it will captivate you.
Mongoskar	Recommended	686.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Mongoskar/	Total War: Warhammer is a good game, no doubt, yet there is still a lot of wasted potential.To further enhance that, I need to go a bit in-depth:First and foremost, the campaign is generally fun and can indeed last, as in previous Total War titles, significantly more than 20 hours, which is obviously a good thing. Also, the different factions are indeed very different and play different. Many new features to this game (such as magic or character development) are implemented decently in the campaign, allthough I would have liked a bit more depth in, for expample, the overcharge system.However, the campaign does have some flaws, which are mainly related to CA just being lazy. For example, the internal politics of The Empire aren't represented in any way whatsoever (also, no Bloodthirsters / Keeper Of Secrets / Plaguebearers and all Empire provicnes are just copy-paste?)Despite these flaws, the campaign still provides a fun experience.The same goes for the multiplayer.People are generally nice (you will run into some jerks though) which makes for nice and fun matches, allthough battles are usually quite short (the same goes mostly for the campaign).Sieges, however, are a different story entirely. CA has simplified them to a degree where they are a massive grind-fest, with a scarcity of outflanking and outplaying possibilities. This problem is somewhat solved by the awesome maps created by users via the map creator. In general, there are a lot of great mods out there which improve the gameplay drastically (Steel*Faith Overhaul, to name one). However, things like adding in (better) maps shouldn't be left to the community.The DLCs of this game are quite expensive and will bring the total price of this game to 100+ bucks.I personally got my money's worth out of them, but this might differ for you.Long story short:+fun and replayable gameplay with unique factions, both in MP and campaign+better character system than in previous Total War titles +magic has  been implemented decently+ wide variety of great mods-some features aren't as in-depth as I would like (mainly related to CA being lazy)-unmodded sieges are, frankly, just not fun-expecnsive DLCsAfter all, if you liked Rome 2 and Attila, you will probably like this game aswell.In my opinion, Warhammer is a better game than those 2.Definitely pick it up when it's on sale.Thank you for reading this, I would very much appreciate if you could point out grammatical errors and/or typos to me.
Vad	Recommended	9.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/vadzulenka/	Seriously impressed with this game so far. Considering the last one I truly enjoyed was Shogun II Total War, this game is absolutely amazing.
Plastic Menace	Recommended	206.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ViroRivyera/	How do I describe it? It's at the same level Shogun 2 was when it came out. A step up from its predecessors and a step behind what we had hoped for. This game needs to be good and needs to be well received I believe for the Total War franchise to continue on. PROCONNERUS!I'm happy the AI doesn't derp it's way into sieges, but the cities are simpler so it feels like a bit of a trade off especially with auto-ladders though its realistically the only solution to the AI's general sad panda face at the prospect of going up walls. The AI seems to be able to competently handle its new unit types, I was particularly impressed with Chaos's use of Marauder Cav and Tundra wolves for skirmishing. However, the AI also seems to favour the "If we engaged in a line today, we're certainly going to engage in a line tomorrow!" There's quite alot of love thats gone into the character models from what I've seen, the art work is certainly on point. Though who ever thought Thorgrims AngryLazyBoyChair3000 was a going solution is a bit well, daft. I haven't seemed to inherit many of the technical issues people are going on about right now. The con part of it is that theres a huge ♥♥♥♥♥torm over the technical soudness and optimisation of this game. Business as Usual for TW :PCON-CONNERUS Dont touch multiplayer in early days right now, its broken af. Though I suspect server load and GLORIOUS COMRADE AUSTRALIAN INTERNET is to blame.  No RPG style Shogun 2 general avatar for multiplayer. Game was basically made for that style of multiplayer and would have shined with it. All in all, this game is worth the dollars, my hip pocket regret hasn't burned through my trousers so thats a good thing. But if you want to hold off, then I heard theres a nice steam sale something something something. 
Doc	Recommended	228.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/drinfininity/	This is my favorite Total War game to date. I am relatively new to the franchine however. I started with Shogun 2 but did not really get into the game untill Rome 2. I think the the Warhammer fantasy setting is a perfect fit for Total War. Each of the factions feels unique unlike most of the previous Total War games, making it a joy to play all of them. It also makes diplomacy more interesting because instead of just dealing with a lot of humans you get to deal with fantastical creatures. The hero units are great too. They feel more impactful compared to previous generals in Total War. Upgrading them with new skills and giving them new weapons feels more satisfying when you see them in action.The game is not perfect though. It lacks mouth movement during diplomacy, and many factions do not even have voice lines for trade. All of the empire factions look the same, except for their troosp are a different color pallet. All of their leaders use the same two or three models however so they don't feel distinct. Overall I would highly reccomend this game.
Snacks	Not Recommended	459.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198197457428/	This game is really fun but not with the 60$ imo, it has a TON of issues considering multiplayer,  accurate balance, and laziness. This game does have some good though, models and animations are top notch even tho i wish they would add sync kills, not all the time but just here and there. campaign is great and the factions are very diverse, each faction plays very different from one another especially the greenskins, they're so awesome and imo the most fun to play, plus they just look fckn awesome. Now thats a brief summary of the good on this game, and i wont go into anymore because there isnt enough good for the game right now to make it playable other then mods. Mods for me can make this game pretty great.    I really love this game sometimes and i think you should critique the thing you love so lets get on to the bad, and theres a lot of bad. Multiplayer is not only Extremley bare bones but its also very unbalnced... The vamps are domination all over the board atm because players do nothing but cheese their way to victory. The Lore of death magic and Lore of vampires is very OP atm and needs to reworked, so here's some ideas, give legendary lords all magic resistance so that spirit leech can only work on single target heroes and monsters NOT legendary lords or make spirit leech less effective or make it use more magic, imo you should just make LL more immune to direct damage, Same with the fate of bjuna spell it needs to be reworked, cost more magic, or do less damage, Lore of vampires magic needs some work aswell, Invocation of nehek needs to only resurect dead combantants or only replenish HP and have the raise dead spell be an AOE spell that resurects all of your zombies and skeletons.   Next, the Undead infantry and Empire infantry are too strong. Greatswords and graveguard need to be more lore accurate, they should both get nerfs. These two factions are not suspose to be infantry focused factions, they are suspose to have other tools in their aresonal that makes them good when fighting factions like Dwarfs, Orcs and, Chaos but for some reason in this game Greatswords and Graveguard beat Chaos warriors, Longbeards, and can at times can even go toe to toe with even Black Orcs and Chosen which is So wrong. Ranged units, Powerful cavalry, and sturdy infantry, NOT ELITE infantry, just sturdy are the empire's way to win, Strong monsters and Magic not OP magic just strong magic are what the vampires use to win. THEYRE NOT AN INFANTRY BASED FACTION! skeletons are terrible fighters and same with zombies but they should be resurected constantly by their vampires and necromancers. Its fusturating when i see these two races being played much differently then they should be lorewise.    There is a lot of laziness in this game and it really needs to be fixed in the future warhammer titles. Some examples would be,  NO unfortified settlements, whenever you attack a settlement you just have a land battle and there isnt even a settlement in the distance, this is really really lazy and it hurts replayability. Sieges are super tiny and extremley boring, im ok with sieges being linear but im not ok with sieges being small, these are the smallest sieges we've ever had in a total war game and its a big missed opportunity to really make warhammer siege battles something special, and to top that off most of the layouts are the exact same! Another lazy thing would be the removal of some of the smaller details that were in previous total war games such as, Unit Formations, Captains, Battle Standards etc... And finally the most annoying thing to me is the constant reskinning of all the minor factions, Kislev, Border princes, Estalia, Tilea, are all a reskin of the empire, they have the same units, stats and buildings, same with the other races aswell. The least you could have done was given them a unique look, and i swear to god if you sell them as DLC. That is sooo freakin lazy CA, luckily mods can fix some of these issues but you shouldn't have to rely on mods to fix your game.  I said earlier that multiplayer is Extremley bare bones and i meant it, its even more bare bones then Attila! You cant change the time of day, Weather, Season, You cant give your units any special banners or equipment, you cant customize your own Lords or change their appearence or anything like that, you cant create any specific scenarios, and the list goes on and on and on. This is absolutley unacceptable and this kind of laziness should not be in a total war game. Its just a repetitive 1v1, 2v2, 3v3 or 4v4's nothing special at all, and this can get very boring after awhile. PLEASE for the love of god CA give multiplayer some more LOVE, The multiplayer community is getting smaller and smaller each day for this game because people are getting bored of playing the same things over and over again. Warhammer was origanally a multiplayer tabletop game with tons of detail, but you guys made it  bare bones and repetitive, shame on you.   In Conclusion, i spent 280 hours on the game mainly because of the mod support. Without mods I would have uninstalled this game a long time ago, everywhere i look in the game i find laziness and the reason for CA's laziness is because they have NO COMPETITION, Reminds me of Fifa, same♥♥♥♥♥♥.. no competition = laziness and no major improvements ~_~﻿. For instance look at the recent beastmen DLC, they want us to pay almost 20$ for a roster that's missing it's most iconic units like the Ghorgon demi-god and the jabberslyth, and tack on a useless half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥mini campaign with a bunch of reskinned mechanics. Please give us some new races but dont milk and dime us and make us pay 19$ for just some new animations and some reskins plz, take a look at the way the Witcher 3 does thier DLC, they give us 10 to 20 hours of content for 10$, then they give us 20 to 30 hours of content with all new Land, Creatures, Weapons, Armor etc.... and we only have to pay 20$ for it. If anything sell the beastmen race seperatly from the mini campaign so that we dont have to pay that ridiculous amount of money for not even half the work that some other 20$ dollar DLC's give us like the Witcher's Blood and Wine.
Rob Zombi3	Recommended	444.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Rob_Zombie3/	 FANBOY ALERTUPDATED: After a year of full release and upcoming TW: Warhammer 2I have played every total war game uptill now and can safely proclaim that this is the best TW so far ... even surpases loved and praised Shogun 2. This is it! The series mechanics works with Warhammer world just great, graphic and animations are beatiful (and well optimized), battles are large and immersive, game is true to the lore, every race plays differently, voice acting and in-game movies are top quality. First of TW's that don't require any mod to play game to full potentional and likeness.++ Warhammer (let me be the heretic and say that fantasy works just better)+ Graphics and animations, optimized experience even on mediocre hardware+ Gameplay and inovations (for example fly units)+ Playable races with very diferent playstyles for each of them+ Magic and rune system+ Very decent AI, probably best in TW series. Only looking forward for future releases since I have more than 300 hours in each TW game up to day (even out of steam releases)+ Bugs free+ I am one lucky guy, apparently no crashes or problems with singleplayer/multiplayer after Day One patch+ Plenty of free-lc and ADDITIONAL DLC content- Fantasy theme might be a big red flag for some veterans of TW games- More content will now come in two more separate games and historic TW title will come as well. My wallet weeps.- Simplified mechanisms.For example there is no food management or family tree, on the other side every race have it's own special thing to take care off.10/10"Waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaagh" 
Mercii	Recommended	1,509.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198005824727/	As a life-long Warhammer fan and a long-time Total War fan (since Rome I), I have been anticipating this game with a mixture excitement and fear. Excitement about Warhammer finally coming to life in a game system worthy of this fantastic IP, and fear that it wouldn't be done right.Creative Assembly did it right! -The graphics are beautiful, and the art style captures Warhammer exactly.-Map size is more intimate than previous Total Wars but almost every province has some unique trade resource or something that gives a buff to recruited troops or something to make it interesting, more than just bland territory. -They weren't able to include EVERY unit I wanted to see from the Warhammer, but there are a lot and they are awesome. -Awesome randomised loot.-The Tech-trees and building trees are the simplified style of Attila/Rome-The character customisation and variety interrelates with the tech trees and buildings to actually make a complex tech/economy/character item system.-You can make buff heroes, assassins, security specialists, economy buffers, combat tanks, combat buffers, spellcasters.You can also stack multiple heroes in a lords army, each with their own character and spec. related buffs, abilities and items, making even more combos.-REPLAYABILITY, You literally get 5 Total War games in 1!-Each Campaign is totally different (there are 5). Totally different as in "They share nothing in common."-Strong sense of story and important/ominous events, even though the game is still a sandbox.Summary:"it's fun as hell, a game you can lose yourself in." If you aren't already a long-time fan but you like dark fantasy worlds, strategy and grand battles as well as RPG-style Wizards, Warriors and powerful artifacts, then I'd highly recommend this game, it's fun as hell, a game you can lose yourself in.If, like me, you have been waiting to see if Creative Assembly was going to make a sham of our beloved Warhammer franchise like so many have done before, then you can put those fears to rest. Game 1 is a success.Not everything is it in yet, but there is enough, more than enough, and what's there is GREAT.CA have 100% proven themselves capable of making a great Warhammer game. It's a fantastic experience and well worth paying full price for, even just on the merits of this first game by itself.As CA release DLC and freeLC over the  remainder of Game 1's cycle and in time add to the campaign with Warhammer Games 2 and 3, I fully expect the combined final game to be an absolute masterpiece. 10/10 - I bought it twice, that's how F**king good it is  
Mudragal	Recommended	1,912.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198039509374/	Played for a little bit. It was kind of ok.
โจ๋เหล็ก	Recommended	309.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198096048208/	i dont see why people hate this so much.-fantasy?what's reason to be hated though? you got spell,air units and monster etc.Do you think these will come to a historical one?-too much dlc?it look terrible when you see how many dlc out there.but every one of those give you a whole new experience.each race has their own unique system.(if i remember correctly,the past games had only different faction traits.no?)the base game give you 4 races with 1 free dlc though.I enjoyed playing rome,medieval2,shogun2,rome2 and attila.but when i played this.i cant come back at all.
olegyanov	Not Recommended	56.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198017176809/	Game is awesome, here is no doubt about it. I equally enjoyed playing all races, thou humans are a bit ... humans (but what can you expect).BUT i put my thumb down not to the game but to publishers and those who decided to sell the game for the full price and then sell me content that should be included from the very beginning. That's lame guys. Ok you didn’t knew whether gamers would accept this game or not/some races were not quite ready, so you started small, that's ok. But Witcher 3WH had 16! free DLC and then they added 2 DLC that were on a level of a previous game (i mean witcher 2AK)! And i payed them, and I’m happy. I don't know whether I’ll buy those DLC or not, maybe if I have absolutely free money (which is not likely to happen), but I’m upset by you approach.p.s. Fan of TW franchise since Shogun 1 
swanseamichael	Not Recommended	285.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198105328742/	The Sims of the Total War world, great game but costs £100's to own everything.  This is an AMAZING GAME!! but omg what a money grabbing company, £15 for one army, with several more to come... this game is going to be like The Sims where, to own everything, it actually costs £100's
Durin IV	Not Recommended	204.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198021258860/	Good game. But many strange design choices and bugs make playing a chore. If you have not bought it you should wait a while and get it a bit cheaper.To me the worst offenders are the chaos warriors that spawn an insane amount of stacks all over the map and only attack the player, by the time you have eliminated one wave the next will be on your shores thereby preventing you from doing anything else.The new hability mechanic is popular with some people but I preferred the old one. The AI seems to ignore penaltys and so will make silly lore-breaking choices like take over all the mountain holds. I like to play for the story and this new mechanic makes that hard.
rain	Not Recommended	7.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197973609653/	Great game but DLC is waaay to expensive.  By the time they release it all, it's going to be in the hundreds of dollars.  I'd love to support it but I can't.  Very disappointing.  I was really looking forward to this one.I'd wait until it's all been released, some time has passed and the whole package is sold together at a big discount.  I'm done playing it until then.
cricket chirps	Not Recommended	29.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197992839958/	If  $18 dlc is the future of this game, very few players will be a part of it's future. This is already a FULL price, triple A retail game. $60The base game has less faction/races than most warhammer strategy games. And for each future additional race we the players, the SUPPORTERS, of this game are expected to pay an additional third of the base game's price for a single new faction/race.No one should support that kind of business practice.
gummz	Not Recommended	88.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/gummzee/	I cannot afford the luxury to pay close to 20 pounds for such little content nor do I support this business practice. Beastmen DLC is too expensive.
Vidofnir	Not Recommended	122.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198007340158/	Total War has become overly greedy. It is good game, but the set price at 3€ for blood in a war game and 18€ for the first of many race DLC is monstrous.
AdrenA	Recommended	125.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/adrenalisk/	Amazing game. The best Total War I've played so far. I was a huge fan of Medieval Total War II and this one took the throne as my favorite.The setting is perfect, Warhammer fits awesomely with the Total War formula as each different playable race has big mechanical differences in the way they play from each other.The graphics look very good with tons of detail on each single soldier or creature in both armies.The AI is way better than previous TW titles and it is easier to coordinate your troops on the battlefield this time.To sum up: a huge improvement in all aspects of TW and all stationed within the Warhammer universe to boot!Must buy for TW or Warhammer fans!
Kal El	Not Recommended	69.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SuperKalEl/	This game is a lot of fun if you're interested in the races in the base game. Unfortunately you need to buy DLC to get much of the content that you'd think should be in the base game. You fight against the races in the DLC, but have to pay to play them?  Or pay $3 to have gore turned on - that should just be a toggle in the settings. Fun game made by greedy people.
ben.abresch	Not Recommended	417.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198214440537/	I hate this game. The only reason why is because we have to pay 18.99 dollars for a ♥♥♥♥ing DLC and the main game which is a full 60 dollar game feels like there should be more inside the game than there is. So it basicaly feels like that one toy I bought from uncle tom that was half broken and way to overpriced. I can name way better games than this and is way less expensive than this ♥♥♥♥ing game. Hyper light drifter i bought for 20 dollars and I spent 33 hours playing the game. It felt ten times more fullfilling than this game and its way less expensive. Now escuse me while I go and hunt down pokemon so I can beat some gyms. FOR FREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE. STUPID MOTHER♥♥♥♥ING SEGA
One Winged Thanatos	Recommended	25.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/dryoloswag/	One of the best Total War games to date, and warhammer ends up mixing perfectly with that style of gameplay so its a match made in heaven.If you like any of those you cannot go wrong, just avoid most of the DLC if you can, too expensive for what it offers and some of it feels like a total rip off.
Alpha_mocock	Not Recommended	80.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Alpha_mocock/	Good base game. gameplay is fun. Although seige battles are pathetic compared to other total war titles. As well, Much like everyone else, It angers me that CA would stoop so low to make this game where you have to pay so much for DLC that the game is incomplete without. As well, I know it's not CA's fault, but modding is etremely limited in this game. the Warhammer lore's owners, Games Workshop legally wont allow it. So dont expect a lord of the rings, or any other lore mods being derived from this game..
TwoStripedSocks	Recommended	543.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197973105514/	Running very well, load times abit slow but nothing out of the ordinary.i7 with a 980ti with fps comfortably above 60 for the two hours i have played (Dwarf campaign). I have not had a full 20 v 20 unit battle yet though, so not sure what to expect.
Rampantlion513	Recommended	71.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Rampantlion513/	The 3 types of reviews for Warhammer1. The "I can't look things up on google."      OMG THE GAME WONT START TERRIBLE♥♥♥♥♥♥BAD IM REFUNDING2. The toaster      GUYS THE GAME WONT RUN WELL MY PC IS FROM 1997 BAD GAME3. People with good PCs who know how to troubleshoot      "Yeah, this game is great!"For your own sake, listen to the 3s.
naetharu	Recommended	194.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197997061990/	Total War: Warhammer For those that want a quick overview of my opinion here it is: this game is the best total war to date, runs very well and truly captures the feeling of the Warhammer universe in a way that no other video game has before. There are some aspects of the game that may displease Total War fans but the changes all make perfect sense in the context of the Warhammer theme. If you like Warhammer and have longed for a PC version of the tabletop game this is it.Now for the more detailed account.1: Technical StuffThe game seems to be very polished and it runs really well. I have a moderate PC (GTX770, i5-Haswell) and I can run it on ‘Very High’ settings with a very stable 60fps during battles. I did have a bit of an issue with the in-game V-Sync option causing odd screen tearing, but that was sorted by using a software sync in the NVidia panel. The tactical map runs well too, and the AI seems to get its turns over nice and quickly. All in all, this game seems to be free from the technical bugs that dogged the Rome II release.2: Changes to the Total War FormulaThe game retains all of the classic Total War gameplay, however it does feel very different to classic Total War games. The focus is much narrower than Rome-II, more in line with that of Shogun-II. One of the biggest changes is the freedom that the fantasy setting has given CA when it comes to making the different playable races unique. Each of the four basic factions have very different rules that govern their approach to battle. The Dwarves, for example, have to redress slights and attacks against them less they become unhappy and start to rebel. The Orcs and Goblins have to keep fighting turn after turn less they start to brawl with one another and suffer attrition. These unique characteristics really seem to change up the way that the tactical side of the game plays and help a great deal when getting into the theme of a given faction. But where the game really shines is in the sheer variety of units on offer. Where as in previous TW games most of the armies were composed of some combination of spearmen, swordsmen, archers and cavalry, here the armies contain really characterful and fun units that make them stand out a great deal. The Dwarves, which are the faction I have been playing the most so far, are able to build all manner of crazy war-machines from Gyro-copters (steam powered one-man helicopters) to Organ Guns (mad fantasy Gatling guns). By contrast, the Orcs and Goblins have access to Doom Divers, which see goblins firing themselves out of massive catapults and swooping down into the enemies ranks. There are far too many units to mention here but the main point is simply that each of the armies is unique and fun. Furthermore, this asymmetrical nature of the armies adds to how the battles play out. Dwarves try to take up defensive lines, making the most of their artillery before finishing off their foe with powerful and heavily armed melee troops. Orcs and Goblins rush in in a massive frenzy and attempt to overwhelm their opponent and so forth.And perhaps finally there is magic. This comes into play differently for each of the various factions. However, it presents itself as either battlefield spells cast by magical units such as wizards and shaman, or as special items that character units can carry into battle in order to boost their abilities. This magic is well integrated into the game, offering an interesting and tactically significant aspect to the battles. 3: Worries about contentI’ve heard quite a lot of worry about the fact that there are only four factions in this game. When compare with the massive amount of nations in Rome-II it may seem small. However, as I talked about above, the variety on offer here is tenfold that found in previous TW games. Rather than having myriad Celtic and Greek factions that all play roughly the same, here we have four very different factions, each filled with character and unique design. This in no way feels like a short-changed game. 4: ConclusionsAs you can no doubt tell I love this game. It’s all that I was hoping that it would be and a great deal more. I’ve been playing TW games since they first game out. I’ve also played Warhammer table-top many years ago when I was a kid. Bringing the two together here is just fantastic. The fantasy setting seems to have allowed CA to come up with some fantastic ideas and it just feels like it fits the game style so much better than the historical games that they have previously released. I’m in no doubt that this game is going to be one that I play for many years to come.If you like TW games, like Warhammer or even better like both then getting this is a no brainer. For those that don’t like the previous TW games but have an interest in the setting it is certainly worth looking into. The game feels better polished than any that have come before it and the theme is rich.  
Ducky	Recommended	185.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198057735778/	Faith,steel and gunpowder !Absolutely awesome game,one of my favourites.Definitely worth a buy.
[HAN]奇耻大辱	Recommended	213.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/superfeather/	我玩这个游戏已经50多小时了，下面是我对全面战争：战锤的初步看法I play this game has more than 50 hours，The following is my views for totalwar：warhammer  画面：8.5 Graphic: 8.5  这代全战画面总体效果不错，总体上沿袭阿提拉的画面特点，魔法效果看起来不错，画面的效果个人感觉比上一代没有太大的改进，但是看起来很舒服，色调也很合适。Totalwar：warhammer  graphic overall effect is good，The characteristics of the overall lineage attila，Magic effect looks good，Graphic the effect of the individual feels to attila not much improvement，But it looks very comfortable，Color is very appropriate also.  音效：8 Sound effects: 8  全面战争系列的音效一向很棒，这代也一样，不过没有太大的亮点。Of the total war series sound is always great，This one is still good，But not very impressive.  优化：9 Optimization: 9  推迟一个月发售的决定是正确的，这次游戏运行的很好。这次游戏的优化确实很好，比阿提拉要好。  Its the right decision to Delayed a month sale，The game is running very well。Optimization of the game is really good，It is better than attila.  AI：8  全面战争系列的AI一直在进步，战锤的AI已经很好了，战术AI和战略AI都不错。  The total war AI get batter every time，Warhammer AI already very good，Tactical and strategic AI is both pretty good.  单人游戏：9  Single player：9   派系特征鲜明，有很好的可玩性，到目前为止非常喜欢！  Faction characteristics is distinctive，The game have a good playability，So far, very like it!  多人游戏：6.5  Multplayer：6.5  由于魔法系统和兵种属性的问题，目前多人游戏很不平衡，很靠运气 ，我还是比较喜欢罗马全面战争和幕府将军2的多人游戏。  Because the problem of magic system and the army data，The multiplayer is very uneven so far，Is huge depend on luck，I like Rome total war and shogun2 multiplayer games than warhammer。   总体：8.5    Overall：8.5    如果你是全面战争玩家或是战锤粉丝，绝对不可以错过！   If you're a total war players or warhammer fans，Absolutely can not miss!   PS：  My English is not good，I hope you can understand ☺
Militant_Buddhist	Recommended	83.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Norf_Norf/	Orcs are pretty fun
giraffes?!	Recommended	550.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198060934374/	I waited until a couple months after release to pick this game up, and I am so glad I did. After playing a few hours of the base game, I paid full price for all DLCs  and would do it again in a heartbeat. Battles are epic, and the learning curve is very satisfying to overcome.The mod community for this game is excellent. It reminds me of the good ole days of Civ5 browsing mods and throwing together insane combinations and changing the whole identity of the game. Steel Faith Overhaul is an excellent mod that I have played for over 100 hours.The community is really great as well. Some great youtubers make great content (my favorites are milkandcookiestw and heirofcarthage) that really pulls you into the lore and will give you new ideas to experiment with. CA is pretty involved on the total war subreddit, and people host tournaments regularly.This is hands down the game I have played and enjoyed most this year and I have no doubt Warhammer 2 will continue that trend.
StarksFTWkpbds	Recommended	114.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/StarksFTWkpbds/	Oi You ♥♥♥♥in giTS whyZ you Not buyin this ZoGGing Game Itz dah best. When dem orkz krump dem hummies. Itz da best feelin evah. 10/10 would WAAAGH!!! again.
Commissar Vodka	Recommended	37.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/commissar_vodka/	Before I start this review lemmie just show you my seven year old toasters specs:Amd Athlon X4 640 3.2ghzNvidia 750 2GB Vram12 Gigs of DDR3 Kingstone RamInstalled and played on a HDD made in 2009Game played on: Medium settings Fps: 30-40 in battles 60fps on the Campaign Map---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Don't listen to people who say that the game is horrible and has poor optermisation.. My pc can barely play ROME II or Attila.. Yet I can play this game perfectly (In my opinion).. Anywhoo tech side of things out of the way.. Lemmie give you my two pennies about this game. (I'll skip the basic yada yada and assume you chaps and chapettes know about Warhammer)So the game plays like a normal total war game.. You have your battles and your deplomacy and shizz.. However the additions to Magic (Which is only OP if you know what units to use it on and it's benefits.. Judging that it doesn't backfire into your face and turns it into gold *hehe lore*) Flying units are amazing.. Dwarf helos are the most lovely things to hear and see on the map.. My favorite addtion to this is Heroes.. Gives it that lovely little RPG feels from Shogun II's hero battles. Which sadly are not in this game but maybe one day who knows? I am at this time recommending this game and if you're over the fence about it.. Head onto youtube, twitch, PC gamers' review but don't let the negative reviews about unable to play, crashes etc.. Because I'm using a low end pc.. Yet I can play it a-o-k =D
naetharu	Recommended	194.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197997061990/	Total War: Warhammer For those that want a quick overview of my opinion here it is: this game is the best total war to date, runs very well and truly captures the feeling of the Warhammer universe in a way that no other video game has before. There are some aspects of the game that may displease Total War fans but the changes all make perfect sense in the context of the Warhammer theme. If you like Warhammer and have longed for a PC version of the tabletop game this is it.Now for the more detailed account.1: Technical StuffThe game seems to be very polished and it runs really well. I have a moderate PC (GTX770, i5-Haswell) and I can run it on ‘Very High’ settings with a very stable 60fps during battles. I did have a bit of an issue with the in-game V-Sync option causing odd screen tearing, but that was sorted by using a software sync in the NVidia panel. The tactical map runs well too, and the AI seems to get its turns over nice and quickly. All in all, this game seems to be free from the technical bugs that dogged the Rome II release.2: Changes to the Total War FormulaThe game retains all of the classic Total War gameplay, however it does feel very different to classic Total War games. The focus is much narrower than Rome-II, more in line with that of Shogun-II. One of the biggest changes is the freedom that the fantasy setting has given CA when it comes to making the different playable races unique. Each of the four basic factions have very different rules that govern their approach to battle. The Dwarves, for example, have to redress slights and attacks against them less they become unhappy and start to rebel. The Orcs and Goblins have to keep fighting turn after turn less they start to brawl with one another and suffer attrition. These unique characteristics really seem to change up the way that the tactical side of the game plays and help a great deal when getting into the theme of a given faction. But where the game really shines is in the sheer variety of units on offer. Where as in previous TW games most of the armies were composed of some combination of spearmen, swordsmen, archers and cavalry, here the armies contain really characterful and fun units that make them stand out a great deal. The Dwarves, which are the faction I have been playing the most so far, are able to build all manner of crazy war-machines from Gyro-copters (steam powered one-man helicopters) to Organ Guns (mad fantasy Gatling guns). By contrast, the Orcs and Goblins have access to Doom Divers, which see goblins firing themselves out of massive catapults and swooping down into the enemies ranks. There are far too many units to mention here but the main point is simply that each of the armies is unique and fun. Furthermore, this asymmetrical nature of the armies adds to how the battles play out. Dwarves try to take up defensive lines, making the most of their artillery before finishing off their foe with powerful and heavily armed melee troops. Orcs and Goblins rush in in a massive frenzy and attempt to overwhelm their opponent and so forth.And perhaps finally there is magic. This comes into play differently for each of the various factions. However, it presents itself as either battlefield spells cast by magical units such as wizards and shaman, or as special items that character units can carry into battle in order to boost their abilities. This magic is well integrated into the game, offering an interesting and tactically significant aspect to the battles. 3: Worries about contentI’ve heard quite a lot of worry about the fact that there are only four factions in this game. When compare with the massive amount of nations in Rome-II it may seem small. However, as I talked about above, the variety on offer here is tenfold that found in previous TW games. Rather than having myriad Celtic and Greek factions that all play roughly the same, here we have four very different factions, each filled with character and unique design. This in no way feels like a short-changed game. 4: ConclusionsAs you can no doubt tell I love this game. It’s all that I was hoping that it would be and a great deal more. I’ve been playing TW games since they first game out. I’ve also played Warhammer table-top many years ago when I was a kid. Bringing the two together here is just fantastic. The fantasy setting seems to have allowed CA to come up with some fantastic ideas and it just feels like it fits the game style so much better than the historical games that they have previously released. I’m in no doubt that this game is going to be one that I play for many years to come.If you like TW games, like Warhammer or even better like both then getting this is a no brainer. For those that don’t like the previous TW games but have an interest in the setting it is certainly worth looking into. The game feels better polished than any that have come before it and the theme is rich.  
Commissar Vodka	Recommended	37.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/commissar_vodka/	Before I start this review lemmie just show you my seven year old toasters specs:Amd Athlon X4 640 3.2ghzNvidia 750 2GB Vram12 Gigs of DDR3 Kingstone RamInstalled and played on a HDD made in 2009Game played on: Medium settings Fps: 30-40 in battles 60fps on the Campaign Map---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Don't listen to people who say that the game is horrible and has poor optermisation.. My pc can barely play ROME II or Attila.. Yet I can play this game perfectly (In my opinion).. Anywhoo tech side of things out of the way.. Lemmie give you my two pennies about this game. (I'll skip the basic yada yada and assume you chaps and chapettes know about Warhammer)So the game plays like a normal total war game.. You have your battles and your deplomacy and shizz.. However the additions to Magic (Which is only OP if you know what units to use it on and it's benefits.. Judging that it doesn't backfire into your face and turns it into gold *hehe lore*) Flying units are amazing.. Dwarf helos are the most lovely things to hear and see on the map.. My favorite addtion to this is Heroes.. Gives it that lovely little RPG feels from Shogun II's hero battles. Which sadly are not in this game but maybe one day who knows? I am at this time recommending this game and if you're over the fence about it.. Head onto youtube, twitch, PC gamers' review but don't let the negative reviews about unable to play, crashes etc.. Because I'm using a low end pc.. Yet I can play it a-o-k =D
StarksFTWkpbds	Recommended	114.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/StarksFTWkpbds/	Oi You ♥♥♥♥in giTS whyZ you Not buyin this ZoGGing Game Itz dah best. When dem orkz krump dem hummies. Itz da best feelin evah. 10/10 would WAAAGH!!! again.
JimmyCZ	Not Recommended	100.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197968560384/	To be honest this game was awesome. But then they ruined it for me with their greed. Seriously...18€ for one of MANY upcoming expansions? Enough is enough so go to hell with this DLC policy. PLEASE DO NOT BUY ANY OF THESE TILL HUGE SALES!
Durska	Not Recommended	62.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197986805342/	As a big Total War fan since  " Rome " and Warhammer fan  since  " Dark Omen " i wont recommend this DLC madness anymore. FOR THE EMPERROOORRR !!!! 
Matej	Recommended	582.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198018541337/	Both single player and multiplayer worked fine for me. The game looks great and the gameplay experience is simply awesome.
Toten Fur Wotan	Recommended	225.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198139265117/	It all started when my general saw a chaos horde approach from the horizon. Scouts counted 5000 forsaken. With no chance of winning with my small force in the field we withdrew to the nearest castle. The castle was small, but it had one advantage, sloped streets. I could position my handgunners behind my infantry and they could fire over the heads of the swordsmen if i put them farther down the street. So as the chaos force reached the walls i withdrew my handgunners to the capture point, there was two avenues from which they could come from i positioned my men in the nessacary places and waited. My first line of defense were the swordsmen, intermingled with spearmen slightly behind the front rank. With Rieksguard in reserves behind my spearmen. As they came form their chaos tainted siege towers my handgunners opened fire,they fell in droves and soon thier dead littered the ramparts. They then charged my battlelines pushing through the hail of bullets flying toward them and reached the first swordsmen. As they were hacking away at my defenses i noticed there was a breach in my battlelines on the right avenue, i ordered my knights through and tainted blood soon splattered blessed steel as they slaughtered the forsaken. But soon their momentum stopped and the grind of battle began once again. With my general standing behind the men shouting orders and encouragement the swordsmen fought on. As the last spearman fell on the left avenue the general charged into the fray slashing about him as if sigmar himself possesed him. Soon the swordsmen started to give ground and then the knights lived up to their name and held the line. As these fresh troops came into battle the general retreated behind the lines to catch his breath and assess the situation. He estimated that there was roughly 500 to 600 forsaken left, for the handgunners could not miss given the enemy being so packed together in these to narrow streets. The rieksguard fought on but soon even they were pressed back by the wieght of the enemy force that up against. The general leaped into action covering his men while they withdrew to the sqaure where their last stand would be had. As the general slashed about him a chaos twisted claw found his neck and was beheaded. Seeing this the rieksguard fought with renewed anger and pushed the horde back. At this point there was 20 knights against 200 forsaken, with the handgunners using there gun stocks as clubs they had been slaughtered after the general fell. As they fought back to back under the flag of the empire they reaped a bloody harvest and soon it was just 3 knights against a dozen of the forsaken. The first knight slashed off ones head and buried his sword up to the hilt in another. Back pedaling he blocked another blow from one and cut off its arm. Then a twisted hand went in his stomach as he was skewered by another, pulling out his dagger we stabbed the creature in the eye and they went down in the mass of dead bodies that surrounded the knights. The other knight picked up his fallen brothers sword as he ducked another creatures swing and discarded his shield for it was shattered anyway. This knight then stabbed the chaos spawn in the throat and it went down in a gurgle of blood. With his other sword he chopped off a leg of one and crushed its head with a heavy stomp. He looked behind him and sees his fellow knight stab one through the chest as he blocks a blow from another, with a spin on his heel he decapitates the one he blocked. Looking foward now he was face to face with one and as the creature leaned back to deliver the killing blow he ducked as the arm went past him cutting in half a forsaken about to stab the other knight in the back. The knight then chopped of that arm with one sword and stabbed the creature through the eye with the other. With some surprise no more chaos twisted spawn confronted him. He then turned around to assist his fellow knight and seen him get torn in half as his sword found the creatures neck. With only him and his two swords facing the last of the forsaken, he said a prayer to sigmar and leaped at the beast. He managed to chop off its arm but as he was about to deliver the killing blow the creature kicked him in the chest and he flew into a wall. As he was getting up he was tackled by the thing and pinned to the ground, using his free arm to swing his sword he hacked at its neck, eventually even the chaos infested thing couldnt take it anymore and fell limp on him. As he got up and looked around seeing the gore splattered on the street and walls with rivers of it running downhill, he relized he was the only survivor. Running to the keep he sent off a raven asking for reinforcements and other aid. When the Emperor Franz came with relief forces, he was promoted to Rieksmarshal for Helborg had been struck down in a battle near Castle Praag. And this is why i bought love this game.
Soul D. Dragneel	Recommended	96.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198103083483/	Honestly. I first began to love the total war franchise with Total War Shogun 2. An advisment from a friend. Total War Warhammer is a different beast and I love it even more. It merged two of my favorite franchises together in near perfect harmony. The fantasy setting works great for the Total War style of game and I would hope that for the next installment they continue along the path of Fiction. The historically based previous games were great but I think with a fantasy setting they've been given far more freedom and it's wonderful to see what they've done with it.
Streetraat	Recommended	701.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198035695924/	I like to start with the bullet summary:PROS: + Diverse factions that truly feel completely unique thematically and practically.  + New unit options in the forms of mages, dragons and other large, unpleasant things which expand beyond just massed infantry or calvary. + The introduction of everything from magic meteor strikes to flying units means map control and formations are a lot more interesting. + Amazing setpieces that remind you of the world you are fighting in (incase the dragons and trolls didn't) + Great feeling kinetics in regards to charges that gives them the observable weight they deserve. + Army stances like Worldroots, underways, beast paths and so on give excellent risk/reward options in travel + Steam Workshop support (much of which outright counters many of my CONS) + All content, including DLC, will carry over to Total War: Warhammer IINeutral, Subjective, and/or Nitpicky:  = Rosters feel a little underwhelming across the board, great diversity of unit types across teirs, but very little diversity within those teirs. (Easily fixed with a few choice Workshop mods.) = Missed opportunities with unplayable subfactions such as Estalia not having unique rosters or campaign personality.  = Certain Legendary Lords feel less fleshed out than their counterparts (My poor Durthu) = Co-op Campaign is fun, especially in shared battles, but can get old quickly as you passively spectate your friend fighting off a horde of Undead for 40 minutes. I recommend a second monitor with solitaire on it or something.CONS: - DLC practices - DLC practices again - Ranged units often need be micromanaged (they will outright cease fire because their target is too close to friendlies, rather than switch targets like normal) - Tedious chores in the campaign (namely chasing down enemies) - Not awful, but still subpar battle AI that often recklessly goes on an all out charge - Frustrating campaign AI - Map layouts are often bland, open grassland. Seige battles are insultingly plain. - Even more frustrating of campaign AI diplomacy (End Times upon us? Better declare war on those damned tresspassing AI Brettonians...) - Infamous crashing issues (These were mostly patched, but my brand new computer literally got bluescreened three times so far in my first 100 hours.) Coming from someone who has played almost all the previous Total Wars, I'd say this is easily my favorite so far. To be fair, that should be taken with a hefty pound of salt in that I've played maybe 2-3 hours of each previous Total War with exception to the LotR mod for Medieval 2. Let's just say this series has had a really easy time winning me over, but a much harder time getting me to stick around... The gaming equivilent of a one night stand. With Total Warhammer (what the game should have been called from the start, let's be real), the game feels farrrr more varied and interesting, with a much better overall experience with each faction. Coming from a huge military history buff, while I appreciated them realistically giving each real nation a particular focus on say calvary but weak archers, that would essentially be the end of their characterization - often similar if not outright copied rosters with some model changes and stat bonuses.With Total Warhammer's fantasy setting, a difference between factions could be things such as the Empire having (in my opinion) rather subpar infantry but amazing seige weaponry to my favorite - the Wood Elves embracing zero artillery options, but a roster of both impressive infantry and amazing tree-creatures, including forest dragons. The rosters per army are a bit smaller and more specialized, but really do an amazing job to flesh out each faction. Magic, though frustrating at times, further adds far more personality to how certain armies approach each fight; The Vampire Counts (the Undead) have units and abilities that re-undead the recently un-undead, allowing for one of many new mechanics that really add depth to the game. This carries over to the campaign itself; things like Undead Corruption, or the spread of Chaos magics across the lands add new woes for armies of people just trying to survive long enough to atleast see the fight. Each faction has their own set of submechanics that ultimately makes playing and winning with them completely different both in the battlefield and the campaign as a whole. The game is not without its issues though, things like magic storms, chaos giants, and superpowered generals decimating entire platoons of men in the blink of an eye can be rather frustrating at times, to the point it makes me miss those few hours I spent on previous Total Wars, where swordsmen were swordsmen, and not just fireball fodder. Enemy armies are incredibly annoying to deal with on the campaign map at times, as they will often run away from a fight that isn't blatantly in their favor, you'll then spend the next 2-10 turns trying to corner them. Heroes being able to act as agents or relatively super powered units in an army is great, but having zero active defenses against them on the campaign map short of your own heroes leaves some form of countermeasure to be desired. The campaign AI can be incredibly dense at times too, on my current playthrough, the End Times are literally upon us and half the Dwarves are fighting eachother because one of them forgot to ask permission before sending armies through the others land to get to the front. The same thing happened between Bretonnia and the Empire in the playthrough before that. In battle, AI is questionable, often doing things like leaving artillery completely exposed, and only moving to protect their cannons after your calvary has already killed half of the crew. There are no village or town fights - any invasions of such are instead handled outside (rather nice of the orks to respect property values like that), and city seiges are outright uninspired in design, you get one linear wall with towers OR two walls at a 90 degree angle with towers. When the creators were feeling brave enough, they made atleast a couple maps where the walls adjusted back and forth a little for killing pits. After literally every Total War before this having far more interesting and challenging seige map layouts, you can see why this is a major insult. Ofcourse, there is the DLC matter... Things like Chaos being a Day 1 DLC is pretty crappy, further DLC like the infamous Blood & Gore pack is essentially a paid mod - something someone would've easily thrown together for free on the Workshop. Take the Wood Elves for example, despite being my favorite battle faction, is surprisingly underwhelming on the campaign map. They completely lack the depth of options that other factions have in things like their tech tree, building options and worst of all, their ability to micromanage their provinces which is particularly egregious when you consider they are literally built to be able to win the game by just holding their little corner of the map while a trusted allied faction expands for them. Infact, because taking more territory gives you a tiny fraction of the bonus/options it does any other faction, you are screwing your side over by doing so. Call me passive, but 75% of my turns on one playthrough consisted of me spamming the [next turn] button while I waited for Chaos to show up, nothing left to upgrade, nothing to manage. My point regarding DLC here is that this faction, with all it's lack of depth on the campaign map, costs a base of $19 USD, just about a third of the base price of the entire game. Overall, I do recommend the game, just be sure to wait for a sale. Remember to manually add the FreeLC, and after playing vanilla a bit, definitely scour the Workshop. As far as DLC goes? Definitely wait for a sale, and even then ask yourself "Is this realllllly worth it?"
Zero	Not Recommended	0.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Vmac/	$20 on top of the $80 i already paid to gain access to content I should already have. Cool guys,
Commissar Vodka	Recommended	37.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/commissar_vodka/	Before I start this review lemmie just show you my seven year old toasters specs:Amd Athlon X4 640 3.2ghzNvidia 750 2GB Vram12 Gigs of DDR3 Kingstone RamInstalled and played on a HDD made in 2009Game played on: Medium settings Fps: 30-40 in battles 60fps on the Campaign Map---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Don't listen to people who say that the game is horrible and has poor optermisation.. My pc can barely play ROME II or Attila.. Yet I can play this game perfectly (In my opinion).. Anywhoo tech side of things out of the way.. Lemmie give you my two pennies about this game. (I'll skip the basic yada yada and assume you chaps and chapettes know about Warhammer)So the game plays like a normal total war game.. You have your battles and your deplomacy and shizz.. However the additions to Magic (Which is only OP if you know what units to use it on and it's benefits.. Judging that it doesn't backfire into your face and turns it into gold *hehe lore*) Flying units are amazing.. Dwarf helos are the most lovely things to hear and see on the map.. My favorite addtion to this is Heroes.. Gives it that lovely little RPG feels from Shogun II's hero battles. Which sadly are not in this game but maybe one day who knows? I am at this time recommending this game and if you're over the fence about it.. Head onto youtube, twitch, PC gamers' review but don't let the negative reviews about unable to play, crashes etc.. Because I'm using a low end pc.. Yet I can play it a-o-k =D
SwankyPanda	Recommended	28.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198060438293/	Pros-Looks great-runs well-a lot of unit variety between factions-quests, magic and different lords-no bugs (so far)Cons-campaign AI is annoying af when chaos invades and you can't catch their armies because they just force march everywhere, disable force march, loot or raze a settlement and then just force march away so you still can't catch them.-management still dumbed down compared to older total wars would recommend, probably one of the better total war games with something new. wasn't a fan of the pre order chaos dlc and didn't preorder because of rome 2 but glad CA chose to make it free in the first week so we could look at reviews and delayed the release to make sure they didn't have another rome 2.
ModernLiving	Recommended	53.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/bitchezntitties/	Warhammer and it's diversity of races brings new vigor to the total war franchise. While not perfect it is my favourite addition to the total war series and would absolutely recommend.
CaptainCthulhu	Recommended	199.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Xandarkarthugal/	-The best Total War game to come out since Rome. The combat is fantastic and encompasses the likeness of a table top battle that previously we could only imagine how it looked. -The strategic map allows for shrewed diplomacy and all-out war against rival factions. -The AI is not as stupid and predictable as previous installments. -The Co-op/Head to Head campaign allows for an interesting take on the normal campaign, giving great replayabity. With upcoming playable factions such as the Elves and Skaven, I am excited to see where this game goes, and hopefull that the future will bring with it More Warhammer in Total War fashion.10/10 would WAAAGH!! again.
Kevlar Axis	Not Recommended	34.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198021308103/	$60 for this game, and they want to charge a substantial amount for EACH race? $3 for gore??? Are you f*cking kidding? Holy sh*t I had no idea how greedy creative assembly was... and despite the fact that this is a cool game I will never buy anything from them again until they change their policy of greed.
Sulla	Not Recommended	46.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198105926390/	An enjoyable game however the DLC is just ridicolous the £40 you pay for the game is just a starter pack. Any really interesting factions you have to pay a crazy amount of money.
Arckal	Not Recommended	4.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/arckal/	Too many overpriced DLCs. 17,5€ pour a race is too much, especially when the game base price is 60€
Dizzy	Recommended	100.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/DizzyRainbow/	Despite an odd bug requiring me to play the game in offline mode first, the overall product is a fresh take on Total War. There are some things I have to relearn, new mechanics I have to decipher and a very welcome new RPG-like skill tree and levelling system (somewhat similar to Total War: Shogun 2). As a history nerd, I'm not too overwhelmed by the fantasy lore, and frankly I haven't gotten the impression so far that I need to read up on it, although the information is available should I wish via an in-game wiki. Also important is that it runs well enough for me, but obviously that may vary for others.So far so good. I may update this as time goes on, but for now... Recommended.
Waagenator	Not Recommended	82.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198047547993/	$431.00 Is the rough estimate of what it will cost you if you want to play this game in it's entirety upon completion of the "Trilogy".This is assuming TW:WH 2+3 have roughly the same amount of paid DLC as the first game.Base Game: $71.99Downloadable Content: $71.64Total for TW:WH1: $143.63Multiply by 3 to complete the "Trilogy": $431.001 and 2 are essentially the same game, but with a different campaign map, and a different handful of factions. You need to own the first game to "unlock" these races in the second game, and I assume it will be the same case for the third game.If you don't mind purchasing [half of] the same game three times, plus paying extra for numerous other factions not included in the base game, and paying to see blood effects, then by all means buy this game and have fun.I only purchased because it was 75% off at the time. 
Renux	Recommended	34.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/renux15/	No one expects the imperial inquisition
mac_angel	Not Recommended	28.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197990168281/	stupid how Sega makes a game that costs $72 more than a year after it's been released, and then another $70+ for so called Downloadable content that without, makes the game kinda flat.
irreverentbear	Recommended	132.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/irreverentbear/	Ever since I was a kid way back in the summer of 2003 playing Medieval: Total War, I've always thought to myself "man wouldnt it be great if Sega/Creative Assembly made a Total War game with a fantasy setting?" the sheer awesomeness of the idea sometimes kept me wide a awake at night, but years rolled on still no Total War with orcs, elves and dragons etc. So you can imagine 2016 was one of the highlights of my years of gaming when Total War: Warhammer came out! I probably watched the trailers hundreds of times! The game absolutely does not dissappoint, amazing graphics and deep strategy now mixed with magic just goes so well together for this game, like peanut butter and jelly!  I feel this game is second only to Shogun 2 as one of the best Total War games. Mod support just makes this game even better! I seriously urge anyone to pick this game-up, wether your an RTS or 4x fan this game has something for you. Managing kingdoms, fighting battles, doing diplomacy and other micro management could come as a steep learning curve, but trust me a few hours playing and you'll get the hang of it as the tutorials and guides are very informative. Another thing: you'll be needing a beefy rig to even run this game at medium, and as its visuals only really shine when presets are on high, you'll have to invest on a pretty good video card. Anything above a GTX 970 is fine, just don't go crazy on the graphic sliders of the game :p
Waagenator	Not Recommended	82.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198047547993/	$431.00 Is the rough estimate of what it will cost you if you want to play this game in it's entirety upon completion of the "Trilogy".This is assuming TW:WH 2+3 have roughly the same amount of paid DLC as the first game.Base Game: $71.99Downloadable Content: $71.64Total for TW:WH1: $143.63Multiply by 3 to complete the "Trilogy": $431.001 and 2 are essentially the same game, but with a different campaign map, and a different handful of factions. You need to own the first game to "unlock" these races in the second game, and I assume it will be the same case for the third game.If you don't mind purchasing [half of] the same game three times, plus paying extra for numerous other factions not included in the base game, and paying to see blood effects, then by all means buy this game and have fun.I only purchased because it was 75% off at the time. 
ObiWayne-Shinobi	Recommended	156.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198061154180/	I wish I had started playing it multiplayer right from start on. This games battles are very enjoyable and I think I spent as much time in their replays as in the battles itself. Its amazing to watch them afterwards to see all the great animations.The learning curve in multiplayer is somewhat steep but you get used to it if you put in some effort. Unfortunately there are not many online games left. I mean dont get me wrong. You always find between 2 and 6 game to join but theres not much diversity. And a big problem here is performance. There is always a 50/50 chance, that one of your teammates or enemies either has a bad connection or a bad rig, which both slows down the battle for everyone else. And if you dont have an ssd or some kind of hybrid hard disk, the loading times may be veery long.The single player mode is a great thing to spend much time on. But if you are more the impatient person, you will probably leave it after playing it through once with one faction.On the other hand, if you have some friends to play this game with, you will have lots of fun. There are a lot of mods in the workshop that even implement new armies appart from maps or cosmetic changes. The DLC's are also really nice and add new armies or heroes and units to existing armies.Definitely a recommendation. But you should know what to expect from it.
Alpha_Despair	Not Recommended	212.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198044171084/	I'm a huge Warhammer fan and i've collected 6 different armies at the table top. I also love the Total War series especially Rome 1 and Medieval 2 and i've played almost every game more or less. So you can see that how excited i really was getting this game.Unfortunately i don't like most of the things in this game and i actually feel like its a stripped game compared to previous ones.But let's get to the list of things i like and don't likeLike: -Leveling Lords and Heroes-Good looking units and overall excellent graphics-Free content is always PLUS-Stable game so not too bad bugs or crashes (at least no to me)-Controls work the way they should and easy to manage-Sounds serve their purposeMeh:-Voice acting not great nor too bad neither-Music just OK... i liked the previous games music so much betterHate:-Simplified city management-No complex sieges anymore-Certain combat aspects like weak cavalry impact and too fast combat-Annoying AI doesn't provide enjoyment being cautios at world map and acting like moron on the battlefield-AI Agents spam and agents in general. Where are spys and assassins? Why do i have send CAPTAIN to assasinate?-Huge amount buffs the AI gets in battles and world map-Having to pay to get the right to recruit mercenaries, BLOOD graphics and overpriced faction DLC-No speeches before battle-No traits for the characters based how you play with them-No different attitude voices at world map how they feel towards you..like friendly or hostileI like to also point that some or more of these problems can be modded (Thank the Sigmar and Grungni for modders!) but i really hate when you have to rely on the mods so much to enjoy the game. I personally don't like the way this series is going..too casual nowdays and i hope we could get someday more complex games like we use have in the past. So there it is...Happy Gaming Everyone!
Sarblade 🐬	Recommended	76.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/sarblade/	This game is great, even with "only" 4+1 races is more various than previous Total War and - weird to say - it's really faithful to the Warhammer Universe.YES, of course has its flaws (IA during siege and more) but i simply don't care. Why? Pros are way more than the cons and - as everyone knows - GamesWorkshop discontinued Warhammer Fantasy for Age of Sigmar. So this is probably my only opportunity to see a non-amateurish work that deliver the same rich lore that made me fell in love with the Warhammer Universe, in a strategy videogame. The last opportuniy to see the Tomb Kings in a videogame. This will be the definitive "Warhammer compendium" Game, with all the races. My last goodbye to Warhammer Fantasy.P.S. ♥♥♥♥ you GamesWorkshop, maybe here you can read me. ♥♥♥♥ you haters too. :DP.P.S.For any Warhammer fan out there that isn't sure about this game:We've played March of Chaos. Seriously.  
Krieger82	Not Recommended	10.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197976776972/	I find myself shocked, giving this game a negative review, but here we are. Been a fan of total war since the original Medieval, and own all of them except Attila. This game, while pretty with lots of cool Warhammer lore, is a step backwards. The campaign map is even more simplified than Rome, the AI suffers from several deficiencies, first of which is an inordinate amount of attention on the player (Ork raiders bypassing weak AI settlements, sometimes several, to wreak havoc in your province). And again, an old problem has yet to be corrected, the ability of the AI to have MASSIVE armies with a single territory under their control. On higher difficulties, the AI is blatanly abusive of mechanics (It can outrun you and it knows it). The hero system is not very intuitive, nor is there much help on the matter.Combat has also suffered from over simplification. Gone are your unit formations (you only have two, misssle front, missle rear). Combat is also incredibly fast. It may be nitpicky, but I really liked zooming in on close combat and watching the models kick the tar out of each other in amusing ways. Now, units are destroyed and flee at such a pace as it makes enjoying the scene practically impossible. Elsewhere it has been mentioned that there is some sort of mechanic that buffs armies that have greater numbers than their foes. In the days of yore, a well thought out defense, making use of terrain, unit strengths, and cover meant you could outwit and defeat a much larger and better equipped force, or at least bloody their noses enough to slow them down. Now, if you are outnumbered, the battles are incredibly lopsided, no matter what you do. This mechanic plays in your favor as well. A small AI force can be routed almost instantly, and you will take minimal casualties. One final mention on battles, ranged weapons and artillery are DEVASTATINGLY accurate. Not only are they accurate, but they are an absolute menace, to you or the AI. Artillery can wipe out entire units long before they ever engage, and fire with accuracy that would make an olympic marksman green at the gills, regardles of cover. Diplomacy, while always the whipping child of Total War, has been oversimplified again. They were going a good direction with Empire and Shogun II, I was hoping they would refine it, but instead it has essentially returned to Medieval II, without the diplomat units. AI regions do not support each other, or seem to care that you are slaughtering their Bretonnian brethren while you trade with them and grant military access. Your allies bail on you at the first sign of invasion.  This is all run of the mill for the Total War Franchise, but the step backward in developement is a disappointment.This is the first review I have ever written, but the disappointment in this game was quite disheartening. I love Total War, but this feels like a beta at best, and with some major internal mechanical flaws. I hope it gets better, but so far this is the only Total War game to let me down and feel like I wasted money.  
ORCA_DA_BOMA	Recommended	321.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/orcadaboma/	This game is great. The DLC being expensive complaint is valid, but for every DLC pack they charge money for they have boatloads of free content as well. Not to mention the game is one of the most mod friendly of its class, and the mod community is awesome. I get it if you think the DLC is expensive, but look at the bigger picture. Over the course of a year they've exponentially expanded what was already a complete product.Races are interesting, varied, asymmetrical and relatively balanced. Runs well, mod friendly, and I do have to reiterate just how cool the mod developers are for this game. It's not perfect but it's also the best and most engaging adaption of Warhammer Fantasy
Brugs	Recommended	46.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/brugs/	I recommend this game, however I think the price point is a little too high for a game that is already almost 2 years old. Also the fact that both Warhammer, and Warhammer II are needed to play the combined campain, and that does not include all the DLC races, which add up pretty fast.Not excited about having to pay for violance in a video game, feels kinda like an adult tax. Which if you think kids are not getting steam gift cards for holidays, and birthdays and using it to buy the violance. Then you are living in a dream world where everyone farts rainbows, and all farts smell like birthday cake.I have played Total War for awhile, going all the way back to Total War: Medieval. I admit I do not know much about the Warhammer universe, but what I have seen of the game makes me feel like the devlopers had fun creating the fantasy element of this game. I have had a lot of fun with the game so far, I am not a multiplayer of this game. I like the single player aspect. But it is really enjoyable. While I am not a number cruncher that knows the imbalances of the game. I do understand that all games are imbalanced to a certian degree. If you have every played any total war games I think you will like this.I enjoy the UI compared to a lot of other total war games. The graphics are pretty solid and the game did not tax my system at all. I have a mid range system. The magic is fun to have in a total war game, helps spice the battles up a bit. The massive battles of Total War, mixed with fantasy. This is really what drew me in.
Vaan	Not Recommended	32.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198057568728/	have no chinese
Bananoman	Not Recommended	66.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197999823273/	♥♥♥♥this DLC policy!
Vaan	Not Recommended	32.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198057568728/	have no chinese
Brugs	Recommended	46.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/brugs/	I recommend this game, however I think the price point is a little too high for a game that is already almost 2 years old. Also the fact that both Warhammer, and Warhammer II are needed to play the combined campain, and that does not include all the DLC races, which add up pretty fast.Not excited about having to pay for violance in a video game, feels kinda like an adult tax. Which if you think kids are not getting steam gift cards for holidays, and birthdays and using it to buy the violance. Then you are living in a dream world where everyone farts rainbows, and all farts smell like birthday cake.I have played Total War for awhile, going all the way back to Total War: Medieval. I admit I do not know much about the Warhammer universe, but what I have seen of the game makes me feel like the devlopers had fun creating the fantasy element of this game. I have had a lot of fun with the game so far, I am not a multiplayer of this game. I like the single player aspect. But it is really enjoyable. While I am not a number cruncher that knows the imbalances of the game. I do understand that all games are imbalanced to a certian degree. If you have every played any total war games I think you will like this.I enjoy the UI compared to a lot of other total war games. The graphics are pretty solid and the game did not tax my system at all. I have a mid range system. The magic is fun to have in a total war game, helps spice the battles up a bit. The massive battles of Total War, mixed with fantasy. This is really what drew me in.
Vanilla Fudge	Not Recommended	2,032.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198099172199/	It's all about the manual battles in this game. The campaigns are total rubbish and quite frankly an afterthought. Campaigns on easy are too easy, up the difficulty and the AI just♥♥♥♥♥♥♥around. Once you've played over 500 hours you realise the game is quite thin.
gnorts, mr. alien	Not Recommended	44.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198130792629/	i played it for a day and then it just stopped working...i want my refund!
Squints	Not Recommended	637.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Squints_Palledorous/	Total Wallet:  WARHAMMERThey want all your moneys.Game is great especially if you are a fan of Warhammer or fantasy.  This review is just to warn potential buyers of the abhorrent pricing model for DLC.42+ months of development; Game at release:  $602 months later:  $90This game will cost more then $200 when all is said and done.  The 3-game expand-alone trilogy that CA is planning will likely cost you more then $600 to own all content/factions.  Wait for a package deal.Again, wait for a package deal.
Alahon	Not Recommended	16.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198166907892/	This is out stuped i got the game but it dident work. I tryed to fix it but it wouldent work so i went looking on steam to see if others have the problem. I then found out they had a refund so i requested it and they say I went over there 2 hour limit. i spent 2 hours downloading the game which counts for playing the game. I haven't played mor then 30 min becouse i was having a problem with it in the first place i could not play the game becouse it could not work. I got a game i can not use in the first place and i kindly just want my money back for it.  I dident know there was a refund option i would have done that the moment i saw my computer couldent run it.  I just want my 60$ back for a game i cant evon play is it that hard to get? I was really looking forward to this game waited for a long time and to find out my computer couldent play it was hard, not geting my money back on top makes it ridiculous. I want people to be aware that if you play over "2 hours" that is about the time it takes to download you cant get your money back... what a rip off. really disaponted in this game and the people behind it.
Saddenheart	Recommended	321.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198006523743/	It's a fun game and now that they have added more factions to play as it's even better. I enjoy playing it.
WasionNation	Recommended	86.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198298469163/	Definitely get this game if your thinking about it. I only have 45 hours into and Im still not bored of this game. The battles are awesome and so is all the mechanics on the campaign map, like diplomacy, trade, and income, to name a few. And even better is that they are releasing Warhammer 2, which if you have both games the two games will combine to make an even bigger world. I highly reccomend this game to any RTS fans. It also looks great.
Skrogneugneu	Recommended	234.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198014475066/	It runs great with a gtx 970 and an i5 3570k. For me, one of the best launch I've experienced from a Total War game.
Skrogneugneu	Recommended	234.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198014475066/	It runs great with a gtx 970 and an i5 3570k. For me, one of the best launch I've experienced from a Total War game.
Metron	Not Recommended	87.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/metron4/	Units and lores of magic will be eventually added to this game, but this game is currently 95 euro with all its DLC and I cannot recommend such thing. Especially when there is much more in Warhammer universe to ad to this game so this price will only go up.I will gladly give it positive review if I will see this game finished and with fair price tag. Unfortunately I just cannot recommend a game that lacks so many factions and units to already existing factions as fan of Warhammer.
Marawder	Not Recommended	10.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/marawder666/	base game feels great! but the wild greed from the developers is just INSANE, these so called "DLC" are a disgrace to the hole gaming community...
SaltyBrit	Recommended	653.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197980195168/	A fantastic game! Truly a must have for any Strategy fan or lover of Warhammer Fantasy lore. The core game has hours of replayability and the modding community gives you endless possibilites. There are two games, Warhammer 1 & 2, and each focuses on a different region with different playable factions. When the player owns both games, you get access to the Mortal Empires campaign which combines these maps into one single, massive map spanning continents. Plus there will be a third game which further builds on this to give you access to the entire world if you have all three games.Now to address the cost. There is definitely a large upfront cost if you want access to everything. If you dont, then you can pick and choose what you like but I strongly recommend getting both games to get the most out of it. The other costs are optional DLC's like faction packs and more blood. Many are angry at this, claiming that CA is money hungry...Well of course they are! As someone who works in the industry, I fully support CA's DLC policy. The team is continuly working on this game and providing updates and new content. In this day and age, a company cannot survive on box sales alone, especially when they still have a large amount of company resources invested into the games development. The DLC's are optional but they provide the necessary revenue to continue work on a game. An argument can be made that the price of the DLC's is disproportionate to the content provided and that certainly has some merit. But to that I will argue that CA has been receptive to these concerns and recent updates have been of a greater quality. There is also a large amount of FLC available which contributes to the game regardless of DLC purchases. I know that there will be many who disagree with this but I merely offer a different persepective to some of the more negative comments
blehboy07	Recommended	133.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198041606900/	Awesome game. Fun battles, great variation in different races. Only complaint is that it takes a bit of time to load in and out of battles.
76561198033964864	Recommended	217.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198033964864/	This title offers an interesting and well-made combination of strategy and unique units that can change an entire battle. It's a wonderful evolution of the Total War series!
Nodcomandr	Not Recommended	163.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197967083937/	I had a lot of fun with this game. I really enjoyed it, being a huge warhammer nerd and a fan of total war games. The gameplay is solid and varied, based on race. There's plenty of depth and fun to be had throughout the game. So why am I not recommending it? The terrible DLC policy. I was fine with the chaos DLC (pre-order it if you didn't want to pay). I was even fine with the blood and gore DLC (3 bucks and my giants can rip off people's heads and cause a bloody mess? sure, besides a higher maturity rating is something I understand). But $19 bucks for the beastmen DLC? Wow. Just wow. Super overpriced. I bought it (again, I'm a huge warhammer nerd). But when all the races come out, I will end up spending probably way more than the game is worth. At $15 bucks a race, this means the end game is likely to cost over $200. For one game? That's too much...but dammit do I love warhammer.Sega, please no more overpriced race packs. Please.UPDATE: This game is still great. I've put in over 100 hours now and it is still awesome. The updated DLC and (limited) FLC have been great and really added a lot to the game. BUT, my original thoughts still ring true. The cost of the DLC is actually more than the base game! The DLC is $65 and the base game is 59.99. All together, the game costs over $120! That's a bit much for this game.Still, it IS a great game that I don't regret purchasing for a second.
Ennyn Messor	Not Recommended	73.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198011953718/	Another Total War game where the developers plan to sell you each little piece of the game as DLC's...Hoped it wouldn't happen with this since Games Workshop is involved... I was wrong, sadly.
BlackQwar	Not Recommended	133.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197991008521/	great game. I vote against DLC policy.
Kane LeVillain	Not Recommended	80.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197972288799/	Medieval 2: 20 something playable races. expansion gives you 7 more.Napoleon: 15 or so playable factions. all dlc either include multiple units/battles/campaigns. some dlc are free.Warhammer: 4 playable factions. all others are individual paid dlc, including a significant race in the lore.i've always paid for creative assembly's games. even before i could afford software and i pirated literally everything, i always went to the store and paid for my copy of the total war games. but charging me for something this bare-bones so they can make money from the dlcs is too much. tl;dr - i actually wish i waited half a year to torrent the complete game and dlcs instead. ../..
SheWantsTheKong	Not Recommended	15.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198011027573/	To start off let me tell you that I've played every Total War to come out since Rome 1 and was and am a huge fan of the series. However, this game was a disappointment. Pros:- Fun large scale battles- Pretty game- Hero units are sick- Personal hero quests- FantasyCons:- Ripped out parts of the main game and selling off as DLC (Really CA?...)- Can't conquer the whole map. Only certain factions depending on who you play.- Cash grabbing developer.Verdict: Wait for this one to be on sale folks. $60 for this♥♥♥♥♥♥ is way too much. The game is fun, but it's a $30 game easy. Even then I feel I'm being generous. CA pulled an EA on this overhyped turd.
Max1045	Recommended	214.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/max1045/	Definitely the best modern Total War since Shogun II. The factions play very differently from one another, but are also reasonably well balanced. Any issues you have with the open-endedness of the campaign can be fixed via day one mods. Easily the least buggy release by CA in a long time.
ZelixtheRoman	Not Recommended	107.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/zelixb/	$59.99 for the base game $74.93 for all the DLCAnd more on the horizion with Warhammer II & Warhammer III
Grabthar	Recommended	622.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198178863697/	Here, the night before the Total War: Warhammer 2 release, I am finally writing my review for the first Total War: Warhammer.I love this game for its diverse factions and playstyles. I find something I like in each faction, and each campaign is radically different. I have invested more time in this game than most other games I own, because I can get lost for hours storming the Dawi Karaks with my endless Greenskin hordes, raising the dead as the Vampire Counts and razing the Empire, defending Sigmar's Empire with Karl Franz, or trying to conquer all the Old World as the Wood Elves (yes, TOTAL domination as the knife ears who hug trees and are "totally in tune with nature, dude!") Does the game have flaws? Of course. But the things it does right totally overwrites most flaws. The DLC policy was shaky and corporate at the beginning of the game's life cycle, but it improved with sheer quality and plenty of free content over the following months.I highly recommend this game to anyone interested, even with the next installment literally 24 hours away. See you in Total War: Warhammer 2!
KazenHoax	Not Recommended	133.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198046543699/	Awesome game, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ DLC policy.
CON10PL8.	Not Recommended	70.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198012050939/	Wait 4 years till the complete game is out and buy it 50% off as a COMPLETE game.Great game-Bad DLC. Wish there were a sideways thumb!
tenG	Not Recommended	122.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198031302965/	DLC with disgusting prices which should be inside the game.
Pizdalet	Not Recommended	427.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197984232711/	Love it and Hate it...Love - the game is amazing...whats left of the game once you have disected it into DLCs.Hate - you broke a part of the full game into DLC. It is like a slap in the face to your audience. I really do want all the content, so i can continue playing it, but my honour does not allow me. I dont like being tricked and milked. I must go and find another game to play. Bad move. I felt like warhammer was my only series i got excited about....not anymore.PS - DLC should be for skins - not for factions. Blood pack and Chaos warriors were part of the original release, yet you dissable it and make us pay by branding it extra content.
frozone	Not Recommended	36.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/CyberVegan/	Would be a great game if content that shouldve been in the game to begin with was not DLC.
Captiva	Not Recommended	11.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198012711922/	I regret everything. This company is a joke. Dont give them your money. They cut out a faction on release and sell it seperate. They cut out GORE and blood in a fighting game to sell it seperate. They still havent put out barely any of the advertised free content, and now they are releasing some crazy expensive faction DLC. Enjoy the money CA, because you will never get anymore of mine again. I will not support this level of greed.RUN, RUN while you still can!!!!   .....Or wait for a really good sale that will come eventually, but I recommend the former.
Raist	Recommended	604.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197998264967/	I'm not a big fan of historical Total War series (a fan of Civilizations though), but this game made me really love CA and Total War in general. Great combination of tactical TBS and gorgeous RTS fights with various Warhammer fantasy units. Tons of fun to play for each faction, solo and co-op.Yeah, there are DLCs with new playable races, and some people don't like that. Personally, I'd rather pay even more if it helps to release new great content faster. I don't regret a single dollar spent, for such great experience and many additional hours of playing.In conclusion: if you like Warhammer universe or 4x strategies in general and ready to play real time massive gorgeous LOTR style battles now and again - you will like this game, I'm sure.Total War: Warhammer 2 has been released already, but for now first game has more content, than second part alone. It has Mortal Empire campaign though, that, basicly, merges two games together if you own them both. So if you'll squeeze out all you can from this one - it will transfer all content that you already have to the next level with even bigger map, new ways to play the Old World's races and fight against enemies from the New World as well!Really love to see that some developers still support their products for long term goals such as constantly improving world, newly released really well done playable races, new features for old ones (some good content is avalible from FLCs as well). And there will be Total War: Warhammer 3 too. With the same merging system. So replayability is improving exponentially.For me it's really great singleplayer and even better co-op experience if you have a friend to play with. Thereby I can only recommend this game and hope that you will have as much fun as did I.
Rhetorikolas	Recommended	259.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/rhetorikolas/	Despite a lack of game complexity and "dumbed down" features from previous Total War titles, I was excited to experience the lore and battles of the Warhammer series from a more visual and immersive medium. There is a lot of potential for the game to be expanded upon, especially with proper support for the modding community. It will be interesting to see what's introduced as DLC, as the game makes you want more.
It's Me	Not Recommended	65.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Xonra/	Bought the game and was happy with it. Realized after a while that I was essentially only buying half a game. So many simple things added in that should have been part of the initial game. I am usually very understanding of dlc but it got ridiculous very quickly, and the prices on most of the DLC are not reasonable at all for the content you get with it.It is hard to recommend this game, unless you are willing to pay 60 dollars still for a game that will have more content you likely will never be willing to buy, but will really wish you had. Nothing is as sigh worthy as loading up a new campaign and seeing just how many of the leaders or races you won't have access to, and is very in your face about it. Only game on my steam list that I have played this much, but really wish I had my money back on about 40 hours ago.
alighieri	Recommended	149.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/alighieri/	 Total War: Warhammer Total War: Warhammer is the awaited mix of both the Total War and Warhammer universes. It plays like most of the other Total War games in the series, as well as keeping the trend of including one or more unique features. For example, in Total Warhammer, there is an extensive hero skill tree, as well as alternative modes of map travel, unique gameplay mechanics and more. After choosing the race to play, the game is open to the player. There are some initial battles to bring new or rusty players up to speed on this games mechanics. Winning a campaign is achieved through either long or short campaign goals, though whether this is a true victory is up to each player. The real draw to Total War games is the commanding of massive battles, some of which have upwards of five thousand units. If sieging a city with three thousand troops, breaking down the walls and defeating the enemies that lay within sounds interesting to you, this game may be for you. Pros + Extensive hero skill trees+ Large battles are exhilerating+ Runs well on high settings, even in huge battles+ Rich atmosphere and lore through both events and characters+ Numerous races to play as, all with different playstyles and unit rosters+ Visually appealing, even on lower settings+ Workshop support, numerous mods to improve your experience+ Sprawling map with polarizing biomes+ Very long campaign potential (due to map size and race choices)+ Replay value is intense, each playthrough is diverse Cons - Questionably long list of  expensive  DLC- AI sometimes makes questionable plays or army compositions- Initial tutorial does not always explain everything to new players- UI errors, and sometimes does not display tooltips or a UI window does not close- Diplomacy is very weak, as is with most Total War games (somewhat negligible)- Story is not the strongest (somewhat negligible) Conclusion Total War: Warhammer is USD $60, as are most AAA titles. This price is very fair for the amount of replay value, the length of campaigns, and the learning curve. Currently, I have 110 hours in this game, and haven't completed more than six campaigns. For fans of the Total War series, it is a great buy. For fans of the Warhammer universe, it is full of content you may enjoy seeing in a strategy video game. For fans of both, why are you still reading for a reason to buy? You will most definitely enjoy this game. While the base game is only USD $60, the total price of the DLC is just under USD $75. Some of the DLC content is very extensive, like the Wood Elves or the Chaos Warriors. Some DLC, like the Blood for the Blood God or the Grim and the Grave, are small content packs that affect only two races or change a few mechanics. Due to this, I cannot recommend all of the DLC, unless it is on sale or you believe you like the game that much.
MoB | Walja	Recommended	194.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Waljaaa/	One of the best Total War releases so far.Every faction is unique and plays differently, giving you a huge amount of replayability.Total War : WARHAMMER is a game every Warhammer fan and even every Total War/ RTS fan should pick up !
BoosterNRG	Not Recommended	72.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198147304817/	If I were to sum this game up with one word, that word would be: Disappointing.Why? Here it is.-Removal of unfortified city defense. This is a major blow to a total war game, as now you are forced to sally forth when defending an unfortified city, instead of being able to fight within it, while using arrow towers to suppress the enemy, forcing them into bottlenecks where your troops were able to hold the line. Here, your severely outnumbered garrison is forced into a hopeless clash against the likely more numerous enemy on the open field.-Diplomatic repercussions. Not really. This is a minor flaw, the devs removed AI diplomacy response speech, leaving them with awkward speech bubbles while you gouge your eyes out in frustration.-Short battles. This one is self explanatory, yet still requires some elaboration. When I have thousands of warriors deployed against the thousands that my enemy has brought, I expect a lengthy struggle of at least 20 minutes. No matter the circumstances. It is simply unacceptable that one army will completely rout the other in less than 10 minutes when there are more than 2000 war trained killers on the field of battle.  -Usual SEGA greed. SEGA, the Japanese company that owns Creative Assembly, the ACTUAL developer business, has an abhorrent tradition of tearing factions from the base game, only to re sell them at a ripoff price of 7.49€. This time around, they ripped an integral faction (Chaos) from the game, selling it ALONE for 7.49€. ALONE! NORMALLY THEY RIP 3 FACTIONS OUT AND SELL ALL 3 FOR 7.49€, NOT ONE! And this one happens to be essential to the Warhammer universe. So if you plan on buying this, be warned, some cornerstone factions will be sold separately.-Lack of factions. There are four base factions in the game. One can be purchased on the side, another comes with an expansion pack. 4 Factions. 60€. Bargain. If you can't decipher that I'm being sarcastic by now, then get out. No really, just get out. Humour aside, they forsook several key factions of the Warhammer universe. No, I'm not talking about the Lizardmen, no I'm not talking about the High Elves, they reside on other parts of the Warhammer world. I'm talking about the all important Skaven (Rat men), Tomb Kings, and Wood Elves. In my eyes, if they're in the tabletop version, they should be in the video game, and oh boy, are the Skaven, Tomb Kings and Wood Elves prominent in tabletop. Now, I'm certain they will be attached to the game soon enough, but don't forget, FOR A DAMNED PRICE OF COURSE! -Monotonous beginning positions. Every faction, except for Chaos and Beastmen (since they're horde factions) embarks on its humble journey to forging an empire with one city, an enemy close by, and a city to conquer. Not only is this repetitive, but also incredibly foolish. What the hell is the difference when all 4 base factions begin the same damn way? Sure, every faction has different traits and army rosters, but then look at Total War: Attila. There were 10 factions on release, with another 4 as FLC! Each one had a different starting scenario, different cultural units, and a nurtured a different experience altogether. Why? WELL BECAUSE MOST HAD DIFFERENT AMOUNTS OF LAND TO BEGIN WITH, THAT'S WHY. Also, the lack of starting territory allows for less income, which in turn limits the capacity of your military, and you can't choose a faction with some more starting territory to speed up the empire building process.-Naval battle absence. Now, this is a dodgy subject. Many folks argue that naval battles were bug haven and boring, yet Attila offered the opportunity of playing as a land locked faction, thus never having to fight on the high seas (I'm referring to the Huns and White Huns). I'd rather have a glitchy naval combat opportunity than not. It was fun pulling up next to a hostile ship, and smothering the crew in Greek fire. Maybe they will be added in future, but don't get excited, it's not gonna be complimentary. -Repetitive sieges. The amount of siege maps in this game is pathetic. There are about three siege map templates in existence. Not only have small town battles evaporated, but pretty much every siege battle map will be identical to the next, with the walls taking the same size, shape, and colour. The building layout is also incredibly limited! Sure the buildings may vary from town to town, but the damn layout doesn't! You pretty much have to get used to the town layout of all the different factions and BOOM! Tactics are tossed to the wind! On a side note, the attacker always begins deployment within the enemy tower range, allowing his/her army to be peppered by ranged fire the moment the conflict starts.-Idiotic AI. The campaign AND battle AI is terrible. On the campaign map, the artificial "intelligence" will raise "armies" COMPOSED OF NOTHING BUT THE FREAKING GENERAL! On other occasions, after losing, they will not retreat to lick their wounds, but rather they will rally what few men they have left, and send them against your victorious throng in a suicidal waltz! In battle, the AI often manages to annihilate its entire cavalry by sending it in a doomed charge against your battle line, ages before their infantry can arrive to back them up. Also, the AI likes to rush its infantry in an impossible goose chase after your cavalry, separaring themselves from their friendlies and leaving them open to be surrounded and slaughtered. Yes the AI has improved somewhat, but the devs have also sidestepped the issue a bit by their addition of certain overpowered monstrous creatures which don't requisition tactical know-how to be put to effective use.-No unit formations. The possibility of ordering your men into formations such as shield walls has been erased. This puts your men at a massive disadvantage when faced with cavalry charges. Also this removes a layer of strategic value from the game, as formations have always been key to victory.-Destructible environments have pretty much passed away, the progressive damage caused to a city will have no effect on enemy morale, which is another unrealistic flaw.-One ammo type. Your archers now only possess one version of arrows, flaming or heavy arrows, oho no! Those are GONE!   +Diplomatic bonus. The title is rather misleading for this one, the devs added voiceovers for your faction in the diplomacy tab, which is a neat little bonus.+Battlefield agent deployment. A marvelous silver lining to this entire disappointment is the possibility of attaching an agent that would previously only be able to roam the campaign map, to an army! This feature allows agents to be deployed alongside your troops in battle, for a couple of extra kills and morale boosts towards friendly units!+Faster end turn phases. This is also quite self explanatory, Creative Assembly has shortened the life consuming end turn phases.+ Improved cavalry charges. The charges delivered by cavalry are far more significant than in Attila, they now send men careening through the air. TL;DR: The game has lost unfortified town battles,  less AI diplomacy voiceovers, incredibly quick battles, ripoff DLC, very few starting playable factions, repetitious starting positions for different factions, removal of naval clashes, unbelievably stupid AI in both campaign and battle, yet it has somewhat improved, removal of unit formations, less destructible environments, and only one type of arrow for archers. The pros are: Your faction leader is now voiced when initiating diplomacy, agent deployment during field battles, quicker end turn phases, and better cavalry charges. In conclusion, there are simply too many drawbacks and too little innovations to call this game an improvement. It is, in my humble opinion, a devolution.
PandaMan534	Not Recommended	76.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/PandaMan534/	So it took me a long time to write this review. As a long time fan of the Total War series, I have easily put 500+ hours into each of the previous games, all the way back to Rome Total War 1. And I wanted this game to be good. I tried so hard to find it fun.  Which is why I am deeply saddened that this game wont be played for more than 100 hours by me for several reasons. I will also note that I am a huge fan of the Warhammer Fantasy lore or setting, so some of my thoughts are based on that knowledge. This also has nothing to do with Creative Assembly's DLC policy, which is appalling but not the point of this review. (But shame on you CA for charging nearly 20 bucks to unlock armies that are in the basic game. Just disgusting money grubbing.)First the good, the battles are gorgeous! The unit models are masterful, and most of the armies are balanced for multiplayer single fights. But honestly that's about it for the good.The bad. The entire campaign. Seriously. The “Grand Campaign” is so broken, unbalanced, and unenjoyable, I can't believe they put a game out I this state, and haven't fixed it. Creative Assembly loves to cut corners and saves costs wherever they can (not that I blame them for that). And in this game they used the guts of Total War Rome 2 and Total War Attila, but instead of improving on the things that worked in those versions and making it better, they seemed to take all the worst parts of those games, along with some things that didn't work from even older versions and mashed it all together. Instead of a greatest hits album of Total War games, it is a worst mistakes album. They put their time into making a game look pretty and completely ignored the AI and the Warhammer setting. I would honestly doubt if anyone on the Creative Assembly team knows anything at all about the Warhammer Fantasy setting. The only solution the game has to counter a player who is doing well is to trigger a Chaos invasion much sooner and stronger than normal. I have gotten fairly far with Vampire Counts, The Empire, Dwarves, and Greenskins, and they only way the game can counter a winning player is early and unbeatable Chaos armies. For example, in my Dwarven game, I had the entire southern mountains controlled and 9 full 20 unit armies with a few good leaders. What does the game do to “challenge” me? Chaos invasion 15 turns earlier than any other game I have played (turn 45 if you wondered). I went from being the strongest nation to the 5th strongest behind all Norse, Chaos, and Beastman. And magically one Norse tribe spawned in the south (yes Norse from the desert, because that makes sense right?!?)  right off my coast with 15 full 20 unit armies, all with elite units with experience. I couldn't have taken that many on if all of my forces were together, and why would they be together that early? Add to that that every single Chaos and Norse army completely ignored every other nation on the map and went straight for me, in the bottom corner. I ended up having 48 full 20 unit armies that completely waved over me in 8 turns. How on earth is 48 armies to 9 a fun or good challenge?!? And this is what happens in every game. The secret is don't do well, and chaos will not spawn all powerful. So you know, don't win is what CA wants. Now I know Chaos is supposed to be crazy powerful and a challenge, but as it stands, it is not. It isn't a challenge. It is suicide. Creative assembly's design team should be sat in a corner to think about how to design a game, because this is not the way. Again, shame on you CA.The verdict, I would not recommend this game even for the 12 dollar humble monthly price unless you have a friend to play multiplayer battles with. The campaign is broken, the races aren't fun to play, and because the game and AI are just so terrible the game cheats blatantly and constantly, but not in a challenging way, in a “not fun to play” way. So way to go Creative Assembly, you have taken a game series I love, and a setting I love, and dashed the resulting game on the rocks. This will probably be the last Creative Assembly game I ever purchase. And I would encourage you to learn from my mistake and not give them any more money until they figure out how to make an almost year old game playable and fun.Edited for spelling and grammer changes.
Morietur	Not Recommended	88.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198016711982/	Let me start off by saying that despite my negative recommendation, I did enjoy this game. It was incredibly fun to play. Testing (the few) playable factions was a blast. I certainly enjoyed playing as the Vampire Counts the most. The game map is very well designed, albeit a bit barren the farther away you get from the center, and the AI aren't quite as dumb as they were in previous games. Their intelligence is still lacking, yes, but diplomacy has improved slightly, and enemy armies fight semi-intelligently. The different unit types like Vargheists and the Hero units like Karl Franz do add a lot of pizazz. It definitely makes it a lot more interesting than giant jumbles of soldiers clashing into each other in no organized manner (I'm looking at you, Total War: Rome 2). Epic heroes or behemoth monsters can turn the tides of battle. And the new magic mechanic can too.Here's where the negative recommendation comes in. Sega and Creative Assembly have continued to betray us by leaving out content that should've been included in the vanilla game or otherwise added in one or two twenty dollar DLCs. They expect us to pay for small individual tidbits and doodads just like in Atilla and Rome 2. The most essential antagonists in the game, the Chaos Warbands, aren't even playable unless you pay up an extra eight dollars. Gore costs money again, and now they're even charging us for new heroes. What ever happened to the integrity of developers and publishers?I almost feel a little guilty writing this review without having experienced the DLC first. But that's just it - I shouldn't NEED to feel guilty because that content should be included in the game already, or be FAR cheaper at the very least. As fun as it is for a little while, you eventually realize how unfinished and empty it is, as most recent Total War titles are. I'm ashamed of CA and Sega even moreso because I'm a huge Warhammer Universe fan, and I feel like they've slapped me in the face (AGAIN!) except even harder this time because they want me to pay extra for some of my favorite races. The core game lore is rich, of course, but you don't even get to experience ALL of it unless you pay an extra $45. And I'm sure they're going to release more content that you have to PAY for. You're payingi $16 of those dollars on HERO units. That's ridiculous.EDIT: I don't know why people think it's a good idea to be toxic when criticizing reviews. Unless you're willing to provide valid criticisms without being demeaning, I recommend you just hit the "thumbs down" button to save us both the trouble.
Black Death	Recommended	1,014.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197974999426/	An awesome Warhammer game and the best Total War game that revolutionized the saga. It delivered practically everything I had hoped for.Small negatives:- After a while real-time combat becomes redundant- Diplomacy system still could be more usefull and needs refinement. While your AI allies drag you into too many, useless wars too quickly- Some DLCs are a bit overprized
Graciatus	Recommended	193.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198047953316/	This game is everything i've ever wanted from Fantasy Franchise , my gaming life is complete
King Iden IV	Recommended	601.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198016560300/	I love it I would have liked to see more on the lore of units and more units from the lore but other then that thumbs up!!!!!
Mishka	Recommended	111.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198077423599/	Nearly finished tutorial. Pretty fun i would say, but i feel like you cant lose tutorial. And this is huge lat down on realism. Any way, i will get out from loading screen as soon as possible and see what else can you do. Spoiler alert!Blind dude from Game of Thrones is not dead! He serves to the Emperor now!
Sym	Recommended	117.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198050403500/	The game is pretty much what Warhammer players have been asking for in a video game, and also pretty much what Total War players needed.The unfortunate thing is that somebody in either the dev or pub team decided that, rather than going with Total War: Medieval II's format for expansion, they'd release 'Total Warhammer II' as a pure, full price standalone......and considering the amount of chopping up in to DLC this one experienced...........But then, it's always a shame when business decisions do anything to hamper a brilliant game.Having said that, the DLC for beastmen needs fixing, and all the DLC needs to go on sale for /more/ thatn just 33% each time.
Zharr	Recommended	419.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198007500059/	Fantastic game, a must for warhammer fans.
Schattenjager X	Recommended	70.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SchattenjagerX/	It's one of the best Total War games out there. The campaign is rich, full of lore as well as a huge variety of different units to command.Replaying this with the different factions will make for weeks of playtime making this game extremely good values for money.
steventroughtonsmith	Recommended	58.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/stroughtonsmith/	Product received for free
mongoloid	Recommended	515.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/loch/	was going to write a massive review on why you should second-guess buying this game. instead i'm going to wait until Total Warhammer 2 releases a few DLCs so I can get a better idea of what the 'final product' of the trilogy will be like. TWWH[1] has a lot of flaws compared to other tw titles but also improves on a few elements dramatically. despite my gripes it is still my most-played TW game and I am loving TW2 (released about 24 hrs ago) tl;dr:BUY:-If you like WARHAMMER.-If you like watching lots of dudes fight in cinematic ways that are very unique compared to other TW titles. Your dudes get clubbed and crushed by giants, stung by spiders, explode into balls of flame, get swooped and stomped by dragons, torn apart by warhounds, squashed by mammoths... all very cool to watch.-If you like/are okay with buying DLC. RESEARCH THE RACES/CIVILIZATION'S CAMPAIGN STYLE BEFORE YOU BUY, as you may absolutely hate the way they play in general. Each race is almost entirely unique and has very apparent advantages and disadvantages both on the campaign map and in-battle.DON'T BUY:-If you like Total War.-If you like very in-depth strategy and tactics, unit formations etc.-If you like defending or sieging settlements and cities.-If you don't like DLC.
NaNUTTE	Recommended	352.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/NaNUTTE/	Absolutely brilliant game. While I have found myself at times yearning for more complex campaign elements like those in Attila, the factions in this game are much more diverse (and characterful) than in any other Total War title. The battles themselves, with the addition of magic, monsters, and flying units, are also incredible and more than make up for the straightforward campaign mechanics (which, to be honest, still possess enough depth to be very enjoyable). One of my all time favourite games for sure.
Hammered Hunter	Recommended	364.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198038935722/	The most satisfying total war game I’ve played. I’ve always liked total war but adding Warhammer into the mix made the game so much more enjoyable for me.
DJT	Recommended	147.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198122306411/	Pros:-Great atmosphere and campaign map (never played anything Warhammer prior)-Magic is fun (albiet a little underwhelming at times)-Solid Mod support-Flying units (changes the flanking/chasing dynamic you are used to)Cons:-Autoresolves continues to be out of wack-New agents are underwhelming and take too long to unlock (Shogun 2 agents were simple and campaign changing, why they went away from them I have no idea)-Your most powerful generals can not be killed, only wounded-Units are tied to armies, making to difficult to move them from a recruitment province and using them for a garrison-Unit pathing at times can be as bad as I have ever seen it in a TW game-DLC is massively overpriced. I'm not going to crusade against all DLC, as it is here to stay, but $20 dollars for a race is absurd. Something like $5 a pop would be more reasonable. Overall: Nice Graphics, Neat Setting, and Fun Units but a stall or step backwards in gameplay. If i were to sum it up in one word: "Meh" 
*TheChancellor*	Not Recommended	34.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198014342495/	The games good but lacks a lot of playability, unlike other total war games. There are only 4 different faction types you are able to play as unless you buy the DLC's. You technically buy half a game and need to buy the DLc's to unlock base content. This game acts a lot like an EA game where you pay full price but get half the game. Until these practices change I'd reccomend not buying the game.
Michael [UG]	Recommended	681.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/321Michael123/	Product received for free
Allergies	Recommended	742.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/pustorm/	I'm not going to write a long review, because it should be obvious how great this game is by now. I keep coming back to it to play out a new campaign and watch the politics and nations of the grim Old World shift and shatter in all new ways, while the tides of Chaos consume the north and begin to spill over everyone else as they bicker (or get hammered even before they leave Kislev, which can happen if you're on top of things!). I find it ridiculous that the reviews for this game are "Mixed." If you scroll through all the negative reviews, you'll find that the vast majority of them are decrying the cost of the DLC and little to nothing else. SO DUMB. In a perfect world, those reviews would be posted on the pages for the "offending" DLCs, and you'd see "Overwhelmingly Positive" instead of "Mixed," because that's what this base game is - overwhelmingly awesome.This is a Total War title where it actually makes sense to have $18 DLCs for new races. They are not just reskined units already in the game with new starting positions. They are entirely new races, with entirely new campaign mechanics, units, unit models, quest chains, and even magic in some cases. That's a lot of hours of entertainment. I never once regreted buying the Beastmen DLC, because I've played at least four Beastmen campaigns and enjoyed each one immensely. The same cannot be said for most of the DLC for Rome 2. Even if you don't buy the DLC, the Beastmen and Chaos and other new races/ units will show up in your campiagns as allies and enemies to fight against/ be slaughtered by, so I don't see anything to complain about there. The $8 Lord Packs are also worth it IMO, as you get new Legendary Lords and their quests, new units, and new starting positions. The fact that each one is released with a free Legendary Lord and all his/ her trimmings is just icing on the cake.Anyway, if you're still on the fence about this game, and if you like fantasy and you like Total War, it is my recommendation that you totally get it. It's a gorgeous game with super fun battles and a unique fantasy map to fight over, a map that will grow larger and larger as new DLC comes out, and become populated with more and more exotic, outrageous, and strange races/ monsters/ magic as time goes on. They haven't even released any of the elf factions yet, not to mention the disgusting steampunk rat-men or the aztec dinosaur-men riding dinosaurs. This game will be a treat.
JackMySwag	Recommended	212.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198024997100/	10/10 Best Total war yet
Athacus	Recommended	260.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197996304348/	Absolutely brilliant game and very faithful to the source material.
bumfrey	Recommended	145.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198008538501/	Its good except for the continuous harrasment of the agents. RUINS the game. FIX IT. I actually stopped playing after a few days as its not just irritating its boring too. I keep wanting to go back as i love most of the game but then remember the agents and it stops me loading it.
Morally Gray Swerto	Recommended	374.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Swerto/	This review is from someone who isn't too familliar with the Total War series, but is a huge fan of Warhammer FantasyIt's a ton of fun, easily the most loyal to the source material fantasy game to ever be released. It is also marginally better than the original Dawn of War in terms of large scale battles. Once again I absolutely love how Total War avoids the entire base building mechanc and gets you right into deploying an army and fighting, using your terrain and positioning as well as your abilities to win the fight. I've only played the Empire Campaign so far, but if the other 4 are anywhere near as good this game easily has 100+ hours just on your first playthrough. HIghly recommend.
[DB] Ion Junkie	Recommended	65.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198136866917/	Honestly one of the first TW's I've bought where i dont feel like ive been ripped off for the sake of future DLC, it's a nice change.
Klarum	Recommended	231.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Klarum/	The game is great! Launch wise it is the best they have done since the old days of disc installations. Yeah there was an issue on launch with their servers and they solved it within hours! They were super responsive and it was a server side issue. The game runs flawless.Dont come expecting a traditional TW game. Do come expecting a Warhammer Fantasy adaptation. It does that beautifully.Yeah sieges are just one long wall cities. And the focus is not to paint the campaign map with your color. Factions are very different and may even be unbalanced agaisnt a particular army. That is similar to table top. That is how Warhammer is. That is what makes it wonderfull.If you love Warhammer than enough said. If you dont know nothing about Warhammer then realize you are buying a different game even if it shares similarities with previous Total War games. 
face only	Recommended	282.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198022813546/	So'z I gotz dis playgame ting so i can get me choppa to clobba some dead'ard gitz.I started me orc campaign (coz orcs da best. Deal wit it you zogged up gobbos! ) and got choppin wit me choppas soz i can do som mor fightin'.Der not any crashthings or errorthings, least nots for me soz dis aint a dumb'ard game like rome II. Non at all. Playin' for sevra hours now and alls aite fo me gamin' so fars. Not like some odder dumb'ard zogged up gobbos on dis ting called da intranetz. (methinks dats wat dey calls it.) Deys a zogged up dumb'ard bunch. DONT LISSEN TO EM.  If uz gots problem. Report it to da big bosses at CA. Deys know wat do do. Uz can also post in a forum to get some 'elp from some boyz.As fer da gameplays. iz aite. Iz simpla. Fasta. Funna kinda. I like it. Dunno bout you. You can't occupy certain places as certain races. Dead'ards can either zog their own boyz, or go zoggin' wit som humies and take der own turf. Dwarves and we'ze boyz, can capta one anothas turf, since we'ze all likes da underway me guesses. As for dem chaos boyz, dey cant occupies anytin' at alls. Deys just a big stompin' choppa WAAAGH!!!! wannabes. Sorta like we's orcs... BUT ORCS BETTA. GET ET STRAIGHT YA DUMB'ARD GITZ. We's da best.If ya still itchin' for som dat regular total war stuffz wit still some warhamma magic stuffz, ders the empire for ya too. Deys got some mean ridas dat aint have bad at runnin' us orcs thru. Shud do the mentionin' dat cav charges are nice nd meaty now. Dey fixed dat. (Remember doe. orcs is betta den dem empire gitz.)Ders also the dead'ards. Literally dead'ards! You's can plays as dem too if you's lookin' for a zombie fix. Deys aite. Lotza dead peoples to choppa off. Da ded 'ards prefer to 'ave lotsa monstas at da front. Dey don't gots da bes' boyz, but even I'ze dun want to zog wit no varghulf just to get eaten ups like some dead'ard gobbo. (but despites all dats, orcs stills betta.)Den der da dwarves.ZOGGIN' STUNTIES. DUN PLAY AS DEM. ORCS IS BETTA. ORCS IS BESTEST.Naff, but relly nows. Deys a defensive race dat lke to keep a fancy lookin book wer dey write all der grudges in. So dat's aaaite I guess. But uze gon be doin lots prolly cos dat nasty book dey keeps. Deys gots Firespittas. Ize thinks I shud mentions dat. But ye. Ders also moddin' support! So uze can make us orcz bigga thru some good ol lore o' moddin' magics. Or whateva ya wantz bigga really, and much mores den dat! Ders already stuffs out, really. But nuttin big yet. Least not bigga den me choppa.But iz a gud game. Not no naff zogged up piece-o left o'er gobbo.Cant count pasts five, so dis iz like a WAAAAGH!!!!/waaagh finna game.
Dango_17	Recommended	201.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198250987686/	1. Brought game.  2. Played as greenskins because why not. 3. Hired a handfull of giants.  4. Went into battle with giants.  5. Giants picked up and ate many, many, many dwarfs.  6. Laugh and pitty there small mutilated corpses.   10/10 would laugh at mutilated body again...
Allergies	Recommended	742.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/pustorm/	I'm not going to write a long review, because it should be obvious how great this game is by now. I keep coming back to it to play out a new campaign and watch the politics and nations of the grim Old World shift and shatter in all new ways, while the tides of Chaos consume the north and begin to spill over everyone else as they bicker (or get hammered even before they leave Kislev, which can happen if you're on top of things!). I find it ridiculous that the reviews for this game are "Mixed." If you scroll through all the negative reviews, you'll find that the vast majority of them are decrying the cost of the DLC and little to nothing else. SO DUMB. In a perfect world, those reviews would be posted on the pages for the "offending" DLCs, and you'd see "Overwhelmingly Positive" instead of "Mixed," because that's what this base game is - overwhelmingly awesome.This is a Total War title where it actually makes sense to have $18 DLCs for new races. They are not just reskined units already in the game with new starting positions. They are entirely new races, with entirely new campaign mechanics, units, unit models, quest chains, and even magic in some cases. That's a lot of hours of entertainment. I never once regreted buying the Beastmen DLC, because I've played at least four Beastmen campaigns and enjoyed each one immensely. The same cannot be said for most of the DLC for Rome 2. Even if you don't buy the DLC, the Beastmen and Chaos and other new races/ units will show up in your campiagns as allies and enemies to fight against/ be slaughtered by, so I don't see anything to complain about there. The $8 Lord Packs are also worth it IMO, as you get new Legendary Lords and their quests, new units, and new starting positions. The fact that each one is released with a free Legendary Lord and all his/ her trimmings is just icing on the cake.Anyway, if you're still on the fence about this game, and if you like fantasy and you like Total War, it is my recommendation that you totally get it. It's a gorgeous game with super fun battles and a unique fantasy map to fight over, a map that will grow larger and larger as new DLC comes out, and become populated with more and more exotic, outrageous, and strange races/ monsters/ magic as time goes on. They haven't even released any of the elf factions yet, not to mention the disgusting steampunk rat-men or the aztec dinosaur-men riding dinosaurs. This game will be a treat.
Michael [UG]	Recommended	681.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/321Michael123/	Product received for free
Entire population of Ukraine	Recommended	383.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197998392618/	Biggest and most ambitious Total War game made so far. Pretty fun but only comes with 4 factions which gets boring when you've played them all. We're only 1/3rd of the way there to the finsihed game since this was supposed to be a triology. This game is one of the most optimized Total War games out there; the turns are calculated very quickly and combat-gameplay is smooth.9/10 gameplay10/10 visuals6/10 recommended for total war fans10/10 recommended if you play tabletopMost of the negative reviews are due to criticism of DLC pricings for this game and not a review of the actual game; it has become a meme now.
Mengo	Recommended	305.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198073396404/	PROs:Great AILong hours of playabilityRaces feel differentBattles are greatCampaign is feel and more simplistic than previous Total War gamesCons:Assasins!Loading time can feel long at timesDiplomacy (To each of their own)
Mr.Wezz933	Recommended	25.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198151937887/	great game but this new update gets to 67% then wont download no more so no i cant play on the game
LG_Lifes_Good	Recommended	106.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198321498082/	this game is amazing
Ardaxis	Recommended	445.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ardaxis/	After having completed a Dwarf very long campaign (normal difficulty, no savescumming tho) I feel like I can safely review this game. I\'ve been a fan of the Total War series since Medieval I, and I\'ve also had a passing interest in Warhammer fantasy though 40k has always seemed to be at the forefront of attention in gaming, so the stakes were as high for GW as they were for CA. They really straddled the fine line of keeping the game in line with the Total War experience as well as doing immense justice to the source material. The world is more or less 1 continent, but the lack of a lot of factions to play with is made up for by the immense differences between each faction. Although you can\'t play as certain factions like the Bretonnians, they will almost assuredly be added to the playable roster (DLC of course). Many people don\'t seem to like that certain races are locked on what provinces they can conquer: for instance dwarves can\'t capture human cities, only dwarven holds and goblin towns. In fact the most popular mod right now is one that allows you to conquer every city. I think CA made the best decision on this since it wouldn\'t make sense lore-wise for races with vastly different cultures to be able to reliably keep control of the province. Attila was actually somewhat in line with this too as I recall, because playing as the Franks converting Roman towns was immensely expensive and the incessant rebellions really detracted from the experience. But back to Total Warhammer: Even design wise it makes sense that factions are locked by what cities they can hold. Ork cities for instance are basically dwarf towns with orky bits. So if I download this mod and conquer a human city as the orks, they\'re going to build a giant dwarf statue just to put a big skull on it? tldr there was a lot they could have ♥♥♥♥ed up with this and it really came out great, looking forward to new campaigns/maps 
Freegrove	Not Recommended	97.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/freegrove/	Total War should be the ultimate way to express the Warhammer gameworld, but in reality all this means is transporting a Warhammer game skin into a Total War game with no changes to the underlying way the game plays, preserving all the issues that have always made Total War games a complete mess.Just like every other Total War game, the most compelling fight you'll have is the first one, where units are limited to whatever you start the game with, and you may have to employ some strategy and tactics.After that, the game is basically a case of building up a maxed out army, stacking it with several other maxed out armies, and marching it around autoresolving everything.You have no incentive to actually play through the battles, because while they should be the most inviting and engrossing part of the game, they never play out with any real tactical element or strategy. Units just blob together due to the group mechanics (this has never changed since the first Total War games) the only real tactic you ever use is hammer and anvil cavalry charges (same as every other Total War), and the AI is absolutely moronic and doesn't seem to have any understanding of basic strategy, especially on siege battles, posing no challenge whatsoever unless artificially boosted by cheaty fake difficulty (same as every other Total War).This means you'll find yourself spending more and more time on the campaign map rather than fighting any prolonged, repetitive, blobby, moronic AI battles manually, and the campaign map strategy sim has always been the weakest and most boring part of the game. I had hoped this game would be on par with Warhammer: Dark Omen, the last good Warhammer fantasy RTS, but it's not even close to a game 18 years its senior. Just play that instead if you can find it.All these issues were forgivable when Total War was an amazing technical achievement 15 years ago, but they've been grating for a long time, because Creative Assembly refuse to do the hard work of fixing the issues inherent in their Total War games, and seem content to just keep reskinning the same broken garbage and selling it to us again and again. 
tylo_68	Recommended	305.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198022464977/	Very good game!
JustaDreamer	Recommended	47.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198132496295/	The game is pretty good, pretty much what you would expect of a total war game of late. One thing that i really am not a fan of is the army cap, this is a step in the wrong derection. Also there must be a leader for you to have an army, this needs to change.
potato salad	Recommended	8.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198080353941/	one of the better RTS games i have ever played! the only problem people seem to dislike about it its DLC. i have no problem spending money on a good game, so i think this games is great
tracknumberseven	Not Recommended	64.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/tracknumberseven/	I'm staying at a friend's house over Christmas/New Year and we decided to pick this game up in the winter sale.All in all the base game is decent, I wouldn't recommend buying it, however, until most of the DLC goes on sale. In it's current "base game state", it only has four races and more are added by overpriced DLC (not to mention, blood and gore is DLC.. disgusting, this used to be a parental control that we could just enable/disable with the tick of a box).We've been having a blast though, working out the game play and playing Co-Op/Head to Head Campaign together. There are some really neat features for multiplayer campaign that you just don't see in any other games.For example: when you start a battle against the AI you can give your partner units to control during said battle, or if you're not allied with them you can also control the enemy AI against them, so technically every battle can be PVP.So whilst we've been having fun with it and will continue our campaign together even today, I don't believe the game is worth even the discounted price. If they made it 60USD and added all the current DLC it would be fairly priced IMHO, or make it 30USD and advertise it as an incomplete game.5/10
əmmına soxtugum	Recommended	106.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/bls13/	good game fak sega
Emperor's Will	Recommended	95.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Necrovladivitch/	****Sorry for the SPoiler*******As a 40k fan im so hook. . So far good campaign. .Choose Chaos as the RaceTook me a while how Chaos worksDoing well on campaign around 100+ turnSuddenly Cinematic Kicks in i thought I lost the game coz ive just been camping,razing, and sacking up north trying to get to know how Chaos works after cinematic i guess i have a new opponentClicked End turnHeros from all the towns,castle, and fortress attacked me their were 6 of them all successful my units are down to 30%-40% units left on each squads then the new opponent chases me nonstop AI doesnt attack the new opponent i feel so betrayed they're all ignoring this op new guy and just chasing me with their armys along with new guy and since chaos doesnt have towns it was so hard to build another army to fight AI armys and the new guy army.Took me a while to beat them all along with new guy and i feel like i just finished the campaignI just hope their is no more suprises coz if there is im so screwedthats my review i love the game 
Where is my hero?	Not Recommended	39.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Whereismyhero/	DLC DLC DLC
tolgon	Recommended	212.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/tolgon/	Product received for free
Graciatus	Recommended	193.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198047953316/	This game is everything i've ever wanted from Fantasy Franchise , my gaming life is complete
Kucing Happy XD	Not Recommended	398.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198070041591/	the DLC is♥♥♥♥♥♥..... they took our money for just a little DLC ==" good job
Hoozer	Not Recommended	130.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198031966867/	On my first Orc playthrough since the Beastman DLC (which I haven't puchased...yet) I accidentally intercepted a beastman army on a "beast-path". Sooooo.  What? This feels cheap. Same mechanic, cool, but.... commonEDIT: I do enjoy the game, this is a down vote because of the half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥DLC mechanics and the sheer volume of questionable DLC.
ComradeWinston	Recommended	491.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/comradewinston/	Everything here is a vast improvement over recent Total War titles. The first and most obvious is performance; unless you have a rusty old toaster it should run just fine as opposed to say, Attila: Total Lag. Although far fewer, factions are diverse in their playstyles and goals. Each faction is far more than effectively the same roster units with a different paint job, with a bit of unique stuff tossed in. It isn't just represented by units or specific buffs, there are serious mechanical differences and on top of that the campaign has a good number of RPG elements which add plenty of welcome flavor. The ruinous forces of Chaos and others can find allies, in the enemies of their enemies such as the undead or greenskins. From the start you get to pick from two or three starting heroes. Agents can now act as units, ones as mighty as any commander but capable of carrying out typical agent actions. Important heroic characters of all variety can carry powerful buffs, be equipped with various things you receive from winning a battle and given mounts. Units in general actually have weight, it doesn't look as though they're all busy choosing a dueling partner in the middle of a giant battle. For instance, large units don't get caught up like elephants would in previous Total Wars, they will merrily walk on through groups of units if you tell them to. Plus the UI in general is a masterpiece, allowing so much more customization—it cannot be understated how thoroughly an improvement this is.
Eli, Warrior across Time	Recommended	281.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198047252552/	I'll definetly say, this is the best Warhammer based Video game in the last 10 years,the workings of seperate mechanics and troopstyles for all the different nations is enjoyable, lore friendly AND Comprehensive,The battles are Fun as hell, but also tricky, unlike previous TotalWar games, there are many more factors to use and stratergize with, Magic, Abilities and ammo types.I've played almost 70 hours of this game, gonna keep playing it, even thou I've only really been playing as Empire leave me alone, I've beaten the Empire "Campain" twice now,I put the word "Campain" in quotes because I don't beleive it falls within the confines of a Campain in a conventional RTS standered, like all TotalWar games, you can play in any way and for as long as you like, the Campain is mearly a serise of quest fights, timed Events, planned desastors and ENDLESS WAR!Haven't tried the Multiplayer Campain feature yet, hoping to soonI'm a little♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥that races and seperate factions need to be purchased first, buuuut I understand itOverall, Love this game, gonna keep playing it, hope one of my feckin friends buys the game so I can ♥♥♥♥ them up in online campain, PRAISE SIGMAR!
Zharr	Recommended	419.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198007500059/	Fantastic game, a must for warhammer fans.
Schattenjager X	Recommended	70.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SchattenjagerX/	It's one of the best Total War games out there. The campaign is rich, full of lore as well as a huge variety of different units to command.Replaying this with the different factions will make for weeks of playtime making this game extremely good values for money.
steventroughtonsmith	Recommended	58.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/stroughtonsmith/	Product received for free
mongoloid	Recommended	515.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/loch/	was going to write a massive review on why you should second-guess buying this game. instead i'm going to wait until Total Warhammer 2 releases a few DLCs so I can get a better idea of what the 'final product' of the trilogy will be like. TWWH[1] has a lot of flaws compared to other tw titles but also improves on a few elements dramatically. despite my gripes it is still my most-played TW game and I am loving TW2 (released about 24 hrs ago) tl;dr:BUY:-If you like WARHAMMER.-If you like watching lots of dudes fight in cinematic ways that are very unique compared to other TW titles. Your dudes get clubbed and crushed by giants, stung by spiders, explode into balls of flame, get swooped and stomped by dragons, torn apart by warhounds, squashed by mammoths... all very cool to watch.-If you like/are okay with buying DLC. RESEARCH THE RACES/CIVILIZATION'S CAMPAIGN STYLE BEFORE YOU BUY, as you may absolutely hate the way they play in general. Each race is almost entirely unique and has very apparent advantages and disadvantages both on the campaign map and in-battle.DON'T BUY:-If you like Total War.-If you like very in-depth strategy and tactics, unit formations etc.-If you like defending or sieging settlements and cities.-If you don't like DLC.
NaNUTTE	Recommended	352.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/NaNUTTE/	Absolutely brilliant game. While I have found myself at times yearning for more complex campaign elements like those in Attila, the factions in this game are much more diverse (and characterful) than in any other Total War title. The battles themselves, with the addition of magic, monsters, and flying units, are also incredible and more than make up for the straightforward campaign mechanics (which, to be honest, still possess enough depth to be very enjoyable). One of my all time favourite games for sure.
Hammered Hunter	Recommended	364.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198038935722/	The most satisfying total war game I’ve played. I’ve always liked total war but adding Warhammer into the mix made the game so much more enjoyable for me.
DJT	Recommended	147.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198122306411/	Pros:-Great atmosphere and campaign map (never played anything Warhammer prior)-Magic is fun (albiet a little underwhelming at times)-Solid Mod support-Flying units (changes the flanking/chasing dynamic you are used to)Cons:-Autoresolves continues to be out of wack-New agents are underwhelming and take too long to unlock (Shogun 2 agents were simple and campaign changing, why they went away from them I have no idea)-Your most powerful generals can not be killed, only wounded-Units are tied to armies, making to difficult to move them from a recruitment province and using them for a garrison-Unit pathing at times can be as bad as I have ever seen it in a TW game-DLC is massively overpriced. I'm not going to crusade against all DLC, as it is here to stay, but $20 dollars for a race is absurd. Something like $5 a pop would be more reasonable. Overall: Nice Graphics, Neat Setting, and Fun Units but a stall or step backwards in gameplay. If i were to sum it up in one word: "Meh" 
CowboyTony	Recommended	873.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198007381258/	As a teenager in the early nineties, I was an avid Warhammer table top player. 10 years later, the first time I played Rome Total War I dreamed of this game. Another 12 years later and I've not been disappointed. This is a fabulous game with great community support in the form of mods.
atrox2045	Recommended	401.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198040265218/	I Dreamed of a Warhammer Total War since the Original Shogun Total war.  I had the Lord of the Rings Mod. When i learned the Warhammer Universe existed i Dreamed Total War would Team up with this Ultimate World.  I know everyone is angry that they charge for expansions.. I want the Develop Team to flesh out every nook and crany of the vast Warhammer World. SKAVEN...  So i have to save up to get these.  It is better it costs us all rather than Putting out the Base game and never working on the Vast Depths of Countless Epic Stories that can be Unfurled.   lol.. I could go on forever about Warhammer Total War,  I am just glad i got it before i die...
Fondles the Clown	Recommended	74.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198047013849/	Other than Warhammer, I've only played Total War: Attila. While Total War: Warhammer is a bit more simplified than the previous title (By the gods do I miss spear/shield wall and the similar 'testudo's) but it is far more fun, in my humble opinion. Although I am biased because of my love for Warhammer fantasy. Great game.
Kirkesbergen	Recommended	252.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/5nap5/	Fix the siege battles. Please, just do us that favor. FIX THE SIEGE BATTLES.
Monid	Not Recommended	33.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198009912863/	I've been a big fan since Medieval Total War. What bugs me about this game is the fantasy setting, it is hard to feel invested in its world like I usually would in previous titles. As a result, the game feels hollow and soulless.I wouldn't have reviewed the game based on that alone because it's down to personal opinion and doesn't say much about the quality of the game itself, until I decided to give it another chance and saw the DLCs.The dlc policy is just awfully greedy and plain disrespectful towards customers.
Alcoholics Unanimous	Not Recommended	199.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198007203145/	The Game has been out for 2 months has $25+ worth of dlc and was incomplete at launch. At this rate getting all of the factions with the cost of the original purchase will cost $150+ 11/10 need some lube with that dlc r**e CA
Cam-Waaagh	Not Recommended	350.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198006534531/	Wait for the gold edition.
HourHound	Not Recommended	231.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198078769042/	Its hard to stand behind this g me and support it now. I got this because it was a Warhammer game. The only other Total War I had played was Total War ARENA. I love the Lore of both the Warhammer franchisesSO!I enjoyed playing it; I love it. One of my favorite strategy games now. Had no real problems throughout all my campaigns except for losing some. Great graphics and sound. Lovely crazy battles that I had were just awesome.BUT!The DLC of this game with stunt its fanbases growth AND reduce sales.Blood and gore should not be a purchase for any game. Thats so cheap and patheticChaos isnt worth $8 (US) I got the preorder and played them.Yay they were free and good thing too because $8 is a No.Now the first race of many is upon us (Beastmen) and its $18?! Really?! That is the price of a whole 'nother game.What happens when Scaven, Elves, Dark Elves, Ogres, ETC join the ranks? More than half of us wont pay another $100.Guess the many or few like me will wait for a summer sale and get what should be free/cheap for cheap.Thank you for your time.
maffs107	Not Recommended	851.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198083389390/	This is the first review i have ever written for a game, and i've had steam since Half Life 2! I felt the need to put this review on here to say 2 key things.1) this is a great game in terms of graphics, gameplay, battles, music, sound effects etc etc. a great total war addition.However. 2) the greed that CA/SEGA are showing is outrageous - the cost for the DLC, especially DLC that feels like it should be part of the base game (blood and gore!), is huge - 13+ quid for Beastmen! so are you telling me its going to cost me £250+ to have your finished game? I would recommend anyone who enjoys Total War/Warhammer or strategy in general gets this game, BUT i suggest you wait 2 years till the whole package is on sale for 30-50 quid. STOP CHARGING YOUR CUSTOMERS HUNDREDS TO PLAY GAMES.
SigmarTakeTheWheel	Recommended	194.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198008788265/	Since Games Workshop♥♥♥♥♥♥the bed and rendered your miniature army irrelevant, this is the only feasible way to play Warhammer now.Good thing Creative Assembly did a bloody good job with it.
Unwanted Orphan	Recommended	58.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198065862232/	Best Total war so far, very good!
Legionnaire	Recommended	548.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198076373508/	It a good Total war game, run better than Rome 2 or Attila, but i recommend buy it when it sale under 40$
Pacholíček	Recommended	176.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198091244762/	Compared to other TW games I've played, this one is fast-paced, rather simple and unless you go for higher difficulty, a bit boring once you learn individual faction's behaviour. I'm not saying there won't be surprises - only that you'll know what to expect and very often, your expectations will not be proven wrong.In general, I really welcome the idea of heroes and spells but this game just doesn't give them justice. In the lore, heroes are capable of deciding battles by themselves (even against overwhelming odds), yet the game seems to be extremely faithful to the words of ser Davos Seaworth: soldiers win wars, soldiers on the ground. What I mean is that while heroes are generally stronger than other units and quite useful to have both in and outside your armies, in practice, they do not perform as much as they should. Auto-resolve results seem to be based on the sum of leadership in both armies. That's fine but in that case, Leadership needs to be handled with great care - it's not. One and a half army will almost always defeat a single army, unless they are too far apart in quality. All the "dreadful" heroes have almost no impact.Items are no different, worse in fact. Even if you take the trouble of carefully administering your items to lords/heroes, you can only achieve little to no results. Your best shot is to complete missions and acquire legendary items because they are about the only items worth having. Despite how complicated that can be due to almost never-ending wars and unsanctioned trespasses, even legendary items will not influence your battle outcomes considerably (rather little, in fact), and that's in great conflict with the lore.Overall, it's not a bad game. Not too bad a way to start off a new TW series. There is definitely potential for a truly legendary sequel but for that happen, TW has to mingle with Warhammer with great care. This game feels like a cross between the two, not really deserving from either side. What's worse, I don't sense much love for Warhammer from the game. I hope the creators have learned their lesson and that the sequels will prove to be more faithful and deeper adaptations, and bring something completely new to both Total War and Warhammer franchise. Like I said, I can imagine a truly amazing sequel but the creators need to realise that, stop following the classical Total War concept so much and follow a slightly different, more demanding, path.Pros:1) Warhammer!2) Unprecedented unit diversity (as far as I know).3) The idea of incorporating items & spells into Total War.4) Simplicity (but I guess this depends on your view).Cons:1) Bugs! It's bad enough when a game crashes (both single and multi player) and has sync problems but there are more issues and barely any updates to fix them. Creators have shown a disgusting disregard, receiving money and focusing on developing the sequel.2) Warhammer lore is incredibly bent and unsatisfying. The city of Middenheim is nowhere near its true glory. The western kingdom of the wood elves is insanely strong and yet, there is barely any mention of elves in the west (if any) in the lore. The dwarves control pretty much every mountainous area on the map and yet, they should be a dying race. Skavens, Ulthuan/dark elves and dark dwarves are missing. South-eastern plains are far from what they should be (almost a joke). Goblin armies strong enough to take on the empire (oh, come on)? So on, so forth...3) The game is maybe a bit too simple. I hope that sequels will be more complicated in the right areas.4) Skill upgrade system for lords and heroes is kinda stupid (it could be miles better).5) Skill diversity for lords and heroes should be larger.6) Ridiculous:- Can not use heroes (particularly wizards) to subvert cities' defenses while in siege.- Breaking off a siege restarts the sieged city's holdout time, even if all your armies stay in the area. I would only make an exception for Middenheim, perhaps.
MittenMarauder	Recommended	18.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/MittenMarauder/	At almost 6 hours into the Vampire Count Campaign, I can recommend Total War™: WARHAMMER® to fans of both the Warhammer Franchise, and those into fantasy themed games as well. Lords and Heroes feel both terrifyingly powerful, but well balanced for the most part.On one occassion, I charged Mannfred Von Carstein headlong into some basically peasant level troops, obliterating them as one would expect of a hero. However, that steamroll came to a complete halt when I ran against some well seasoned, and higher tier Empire troops. While I was able to stay alive, had stronger troops or even ranged attackers joined the fray, Mannfred would surely have perished.The AI seems to not be as cheaty, but not daft as well. While executing a much needed ambush against a superior force, the AI didn't magically know where I was, and I was able to bait them with some lesser units. However, upon realizing it was an ambush, I watched the AI not only pull back, but also adjust it's formations. It then countered my much slower moving units, while constantly adjusting the ranged unit to stay away from my slower flanking units trying to get them.Magic also feels pretty balanced, and is more useful as a well timed ability, rather than something that is overpowered and spammable. This is even more apparent as the Vampire Counts, because they have no ranged units and so their magic abilities are really the only counter they have to lots of ranged. So raising some undead in the ranks of the archers to sow some disorder is great, but the raised troops aren't exactly fast or strong, so no zerg army of shambling zombies to fear.Managing diplomacy and your empire feels both meaningful, yet intuitive. Moving heroes around to sow discord, assassinate, or bolster your army seems to allow you to plan ahead with both skills, but also refine them into whatever it is you want them to do. Do you want something to dominate the field of battle, or perhaps become a master of subterfuge.Overall, everything feels "right" about this Total War, something that I personally feel hasn't happened since Shogun 2. The added perk of getting to take one of the franchises that got me into gaming via tabletop, and now get to amass huge armies (that would have otherwise cost hundreds to obtain), then smash them together is outstanding. Honestly, I haven't spent this much time in a Total War game in a long time, but I'm glad to say that has changed.System Specs CPU: Intel(R) Core(TM) i7-4790K Processor @ 4.40GHz CPU Cooler: Corsair H100i GPU: GeForce GTX 970 G1 Gaming Memory: Corsair Vengeance 32GB OS: Windows 10 Pro 
*TheChancellor*	Not Recommended	34.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198014342495/	The games good but lacks a lot of playability, unlike other total war games. There are only 4 different faction types you are able to play as unless you buy the DLC's. You technically buy half a game and need to buy the DLc's to unlock base content. This game acts a lot like an EA game where you pay full price but get half the game. Until these practices change I'd reccomend not buying the game.
Golden Lords	Recommended	211.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197981561221/	These words mean nothing.  I can't wait to up my murder score as dinosaurs holding weapons riding other dinosaurs.  Don't buy 15 dollar DLC if you don't want to.  Norsca is 10 bucks, I think they are releasing them without mini campaigns, which makes them more cheaper to create, cheaper for us to buy, win win.    *1200 hrs, all dlc purchased, not recommended*  Don't be a moron
JustaDreamer	Recommended	47.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198132496295/	The game is pretty good, pretty much what you would expect of a total war game of late. One thing that i really am not a fan of is the army cap, this is a step in the wrong derection. Also there must be a leader for you to have an army, this needs to change.
Smogbal	Recommended	39.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/dinzdinz/	This game is propa orky.
Freegrove	Not Recommended	97.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/freegrove/	Total War should be the ultimate way to express the Warhammer gameworld, but in reality all this means is transporting a Warhammer game skin into a Total War game with no changes to the underlying way the game plays, preserving all the issues that have always made Total War games a complete mess.Just like every other Total War game, the most compelling fight you'll have is the first one, where units are limited to whatever you start the game with, and you may have to employ some strategy and tactics.After that, the game is basically a case of building up a maxed out army, stacking it with several other maxed out armies, and marching it around autoresolving everything.You have no incentive to actually play through the battles, because while they should be the most inviting and engrossing part of the game, they never play out with any real tactical element or strategy. Units just blob together due to the group mechanics (this has never changed since the first Total War games) the only real tactic you ever use is hammer and anvil cavalry charges (same as every other Total War), and the AI is absolutely moronic and doesn't seem to have any understanding of basic strategy, especially on siege battles, posing no challenge whatsoever unless artificially boosted by cheaty fake difficulty (same as every other Total War).This means you'll find yourself spending more and more time on the campaign map rather than fighting any prolonged, repetitive, blobby, moronic AI battles manually, and the campaign map strategy sim has always been the weakest and most boring part of the game. I had hoped this game would be on par with Warhammer: Dark Omen, the last good Warhammer fantasy RTS, but it's not even close to a game 18 years its senior. Just play that instead if you can find it.All these issues were forgivable when Total War was an amazing technical achievement 15 years ago, but they've been grating for a long time, because Creative Assembly refuse to do the hard work of fixing the issues inherent in their Total War games, and seem content to just keep reskinning the same broken garbage and selling it to us again and again. 
Dango_17	Recommended	201.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198250987686/	1. Brought game.  2. Played as greenskins because why not. 3. Hired a handfull of giants.  4. Went into battle with giants.  5. Giants picked up and ate many, many, many dwarfs.  6. Laugh and pitty there small mutilated corpses.   10/10 would laugh at mutilated body again...
LG_Lifes_Good	Recommended	106.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198321498082/	this game is amazing
Morally Gray Swerto	Recommended	374.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Swerto/	This review is from someone who isn't too familliar with the Total War series, but is a huge fan of Warhammer FantasyIt's a ton of fun, easily the most loyal to the source material fantasy game to ever be released. It is also marginally better than the original Dawn of War in terms of large scale battles. Once again I absolutely love how Total War avoids the entire base building mechanc and gets you right into deploying an army and fighting, using your terrain and positioning as well as your abilities to win the fight. I've only played the Empire Campaign so far, but if the other 4 are anywhere near as good this game easily has 100+ hours just on your first playthrough. HIghly recommend.
[DB] Ion Junkie	Recommended	65.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198136866917/	Honestly one of the first TW's I've bought where i dont feel like ive been ripped off for the sake of future DLC, it's a nice change.
Klarum	Recommended	231.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Klarum/	The game is great! Launch wise it is the best they have done since the old days of disc installations. Yeah there was an issue on launch with their servers and they solved it within hours! They were super responsive and it was a server side issue. The game runs flawless.Dont come expecting a traditional TW game. Do come expecting a Warhammer Fantasy adaptation. It does that beautifully.Yeah sieges are just one long wall cities. And the focus is not to paint the campaign map with your color. Factions are very different and may even be unbalanced agaisnt a particular army. That is similar to table top. That is how Warhammer is. That is what makes it wonderfull.If you love Warhammer than enough said. If you dont know nothing about Warhammer then realize you are buying a different game even if it shares similarities with previous Total War games. 
face only	Recommended	282.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198022813546/	So'z I gotz dis playgame ting so i can get me choppa to clobba some dead'ard gitz.I started me orc campaign (coz orcs da best. Deal wit it you zogged up gobbos! ) and got choppin wit me choppas soz i can do som mor fightin'.Der not any crashthings or errorthings, least nots for me soz dis aint a dumb'ard game like rome II. Non at all. Playin' for sevra hours now and alls aite fo me gamin' so fars. Not like some odder dumb'ard zogged up gobbos on dis ting called da intranetz. (methinks dats wat dey calls it.) Deys a zogged up dumb'ard bunch. DONT LISSEN TO EM.  If uz gots problem. Report it to da big bosses at CA. Deys know wat do do. Uz can also post in a forum to get some 'elp from some boyz.As fer da gameplays. iz aite. Iz simpla. Fasta. Funna kinda. I like it. Dunno bout you. You can't occupy certain places as certain races. Dead'ards can either zog their own boyz, or go zoggin' wit som humies and take der own turf. Dwarves and we'ze boyz, can capta one anothas turf, since we'ze all likes da underway me guesses. As for dem chaos boyz, dey cant occupies anytin' at alls. Deys just a big stompin' choppa WAAAGH!!!! wannabes. Sorta like we's orcs... BUT ORCS BETTA. GET ET STRAIGHT YA DUMB'ARD GITZ. We's da best.If ya still itchin' for som dat regular total war stuffz wit still some warhamma magic stuffz, ders the empire for ya too. Deys got some mean ridas dat aint have bad at runnin' us orcs thru. Shud do the mentionin' dat cav charges are nice nd meaty now. Dey fixed dat. (Remember doe. orcs is betta den dem empire gitz.)Ders also the dead'ards. Literally dead'ards! You's can plays as dem too if you's lookin' for a zombie fix. Deys aite. Lotza dead peoples to choppa off. Da ded 'ards prefer to 'ave lotsa monstas at da front. Dey don't gots da bes' boyz, but even I'ze dun want to zog wit no varghulf just to get eaten ups like some dead'ard gobbo. (but despites all dats, orcs stills betta.)Den der da dwarves.ZOGGIN' STUNTIES. DUN PLAY AS DEM. ORCS IS BETTA. ORCS IS BESTEST.Naff, but relly nows. Deys a defensive race dat lke to keep a fancy lookin book wer dey write all der grudges in. So dat's aaaite I guess. But uze gon be doin lots prolly cos dat nasty book dey keeps. Deys gots Firespittas. Ize thinks I shud mentions dat. But ye. Ders also moddin' support! So uze can make us orcz bigga thru some good ol lore o' moddin' magics. Or whateva ya wantz bigga really, and much mores den dat! Ders already stuffs out, really. But nuttin big yet. Least not bigga den me choppa.But iz a gud game. Not no naff zogged up piece-o left o'er gobbo.Cant count pasts five, so dis iz like a WAAAAGH!!!!/waaagh finna game.
Herrick	Recommended	422.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198102384618/	Bravo CA! Bravo! This is a great game! Ive played Med II and Rome II. I am very satisfied with the AI in this game, this game brings a challenge. Thank you CA for this master piece :)There is diversity, different play styles, "RPG", diplomacy is better and theres dragons.The only critic I have is the over simplicity of city building.
Legit Wizard	Recommended	183.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/legitwizardyo/	An excellent game.My first total war experience, and I am very glad I took the time to learn the mechanics of the total war franchise.As a Warhammer fan I am glad to see they got the lore & units spot on, the soundtrack is on point & the graphics are excellent.Over 30 hours in so far & have enjoyed every minute, I highly recommend this game if you are either a fan of Warhammer, total war or strategy games in general.Cannot reccomend this enough, 10/10.
Snuggery	Recommended	297.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197969842231/	Played until I cannot physically look at the screen anymore and collapsed into unconsciousness.Come to write review next day and see some of the negative whining. It just got released. It has mod support. Learn some maturity.
janggun	Recommended	113.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198013165575/	It's good.
Majster	Recommended	244.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Cyrawn/	Im playing and enjoying Warhammer Fantasy for about 20 years now, this game is P E R F E C T .Best TW Game in whole series also. It's like dreams comes true for every WHFB fan.Do you remember Morgan Bernhardt ? Well, imagine you have Games Workshop biggest store on earth and try to sum up costs for all models, tables, rulebooks, armybooks, paints, accesories, etc. and especially your older, and older friends who like You don't have time for tabletop anymore. Now understand that You will have next 2 big games / expansions for this franchise in upcoming years and im sure big ammount of DLC's and lets pray for ARMY PAINTER, ability to play battle or even campaign with a friends, or common folks anytime You want, and try to count money you will save on [already killed by GW themselves greatest tabletop system - Warhammer Fantasy Battle ] this hobby. So we will end with GREAT TRILOGY SET IN THE OLD WORLD of Warhammer Fantasy Battles.It's also great if You like me busy in real life, have work, family, wife, kids, over 30 years on your shoulders, lot of real life tasks and little to none Warhammer playing rl friends. Yeah it's a pain in the ...... to find anyone with the will and time to play and collect game like WHFB or WHFRPG and play over again then.With this game problem solved.Okay now about game itself - JUST TAKE IT - its well optimised, beautifull, breathtaking, swimming in Warhammer most detailed climate, full of pure joy, epicness, depth , and best game ever created for any startegy-fantasy fan .It deserves many pages of praise, about it's love to details, music, lore, graphics, sounds, overall design, but to simplify:Yeah , you heard right. RUN AND BUY. RUN NOW !GAME OF THE LAST 20 years for me. I want to cry from joy.100/10THANK YOU CREATIVE ASSEMBLY .Ps. Just give us Army Painter and Blood and Guts Dlc + Skaven, Wood Elves, High Elves, Dark Elves, Lizardmen, Tomb Kings, more factions of Empire, Bretonnia, Ogre Kingdoms, Dogs of War and Kislev factions, plus some cool campaigns, quests, items and i can pay you for rest of my life. PERIOD.
*TheChancellor*	Not Recommended	34.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198014342495/	The games good but lacks a lot of playability, unlike other total war games. There are only 4 different faction types you are able to play as unless you buy the DLC's. You technically buy half a game and need to buy the DLc's to unlock base content. This game acts a lot like an EA game where you pay full price but get half the game. Until these practices change I'd reccomend not buying the game.
Dane Valentine	Recommended	162.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198006796173/	best game
Natalis	Recommended	37.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/NatalisSteam/	A refreshing and new take on the Total War series as the first entry to take place in a fictional fantasy setting. Warhammer's universe was a solid choice; The factions in the game are very different from each other visually and even mechanically in some areas. Aside from the refreshing setting however, this is a pretty average Total War game. A neat strategy game with decent replay value. That said, the game does suffer a tiny bit from dumbed down combat mechanics that have plagued the series at varying degrees for years now, along with wonky balancing. Fun game nonetheless, and an enjoyable experience.3/5
Zorao	Recommended	47.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Zorao/	Time flies when you play this game. It's great to play solo or multiplayer with a friend.
Suicidal Muffins	Recommended	218.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/coolblue907/	*There is an issue with starting up the game litterally all you have to do to fix it when you launch the game is to go into Steam's offline mode and when you are in game you can go online again with no issues!*I do have to say that this game amazing if you are a fan of ether total war or a fan of the table top. (there is even a day one mod that is currently out and being worked on to make the units behave and act like their TT counterparts) I do have to say that this is the best Total War game sence Shogun 2. Units have a sense of weight to them especially heavy armor units and Large units. Your lords are strong and if built right a Legendary Lord can cut a swath through lower tier units with ease but you are not the only one with a Legendary Lord, so watch out!I highly recomend this game simply because its a damn good Total War game and my only issue is though is... What has taken C.A so long to finally get to this gem stone!?
Grizzik	Recommended	113.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198007280661/	Comeback Kid!
Unwanted Orphan	Recommended	58.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198065862232/	Best Total war so far, very good!
sumudu maligaspe	Recommended	299.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198063687062/	Love it.. Love it.. Love itas a big fan of both Total war and the Warhammer Fantasy game.. I was so looking forward to playing this game .. and I am loving it..It isn`t perfect.. theres always room for improvement.. but it is funand of course the talents in the workshop have been busy little bees and have made some amazing material to take gameplay to a whole another level..I would recommend this game to any lover of Total war and Warhammer...
Tedd Cruise	Not Recommended	80.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198294000803/	This makes me wish there was an inbetween for reccomendationsIt is a great game, and a breath of fresh air for Total War games. However the DLC they keep chucking out for $10-$17 is completly abhorrent. I mean come on $3 for blood effects? Not to mention the base game has 4 factions, 4 out of the numerous factions in the Warhammer universe, that CA is more than most likely going to keep pumping out for $15 a faction. Hopefully CA sees how far it is alienating it's fanbase and change their policy.In shortGreat game, terrible DLC Marketing 
Calibek	Recommended	515.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198218270245/	Bought the game during the winter sale. In that time I have put over 250 hours into the game, and that is JUST with the four original factions. Currently playing Bretonnia campaign and still loving the game. I have NEVER played a Total War game, so this is my first but I am IN LOVE with Warhammer lore even though I am still a novice in it. The quality of the game is top notch and you can show A LOT of thought was put in to making a great gaming experience. With it being on sale I HIGHLY recommend getting this game. Normally I wouldn't like all of the DLC for a game but for something I have put almost 300 hours into I am more than happy to pay for it because it increases my satisfaction with this game. After playing this game I preordered TW:WH 2 already with no thought or hesitation. Even if you NEVER buy any of the DLC the 4 main factions and Bretonnia are WELL WORTH the price. This game got me reinvigorated in RTS's.
WoodisoN	Recommended	290.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/WoodisoN/	One of my favorite games of all time. I love the Warhammer world and this game is the perfect representation of it. I am constantly in disbelief that this game even exists. It is truely a magical match made in heaven. Thank you CA and thank you Games Workshop for making this happen.
Ardaxis	Recommended	445.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ardaxis/	After having completed a Dwarf very long campaign (normal difficulty, no savescumming tho) I feel like I can safely review this game. I\'ve been a fan of the Total War series since Medieval I, and I\'ve also had a passing interest in Warhammer fantasy though 40k has always seemed to be at the forefront of attention in gaming, so the stakes were as high for GW as they were for CA. They really straddled the fine line of keeping the game in line with the Total War experience as well as doing immense justice to the source material. The world is more or less 1 continent, but the lack of a lot of factions to play with is made up for by the immense differences between each faction. Although you can\'t play as certain factions like the Bretonnians, they will almost assuredly be added to the playable roster (DLC of course). Many people don\'t seem to like that certain races are locked on what provinces they can conquer: for instance dwarves can\'t capture human cities, only dwarven holds and goblin towns. In fact the most popular mod right now is one that allows you to conquer every city. I think CA made the best decision on this since it wouldn\'t make sense lore-wise for races with vastly different cultures to be able to reliably keep control of the province. Attila was actually somewhat in line with this too as I recall, because playing as the Franks converting Roman towns was immensely expensive and the incessant rebellions really detracted from the experience. But back to Total Warhammer: Even design wise it makes sense that factions are locked by what cities they can hold. Ork cities for instance are basically dwarf towns with orky bits. So if I download this mod and conquer a human city as the orks, they\'re going to build a giant dwarf statue just to put a big skull on it? tldr there was a lot they could have ♥♥♥♥ed up with this and it really came out great, looking forward to new campaigns/maps 
Freegrove	Not Recommended	97.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/freegrove/	Total War should be the ultimate way to express the Warhammer gameworld, but in reality all this means is transporting a Warhammer game skin into a Total War game with no changes to the underlying way the game plays, preserving all the issues that have always made Total War games a complete mess.Just like every other Total War game, the most compelling fight you'll have is the first one, where units are limited to whatever you start the game with, and you may have to employ some strategy and tactics.After that, the game is basically a case of building up a maxed out army, stacking it with several other maxed out armies, and marching it around autoresolving everything.You have no incentive to actually play through the battles, because while they should be the most inviting and engrossing part of the game, they never play out with any real tactical element or strategy. Units just blob together due to the group mechanics (this has never changed since the first Total War games) the only real tactic you ever use is hammer and anvil cavalry charges (same as every other Total War), and the AI is absolutely moronic and doesn't seem to have any understanding of basic strategy, especially on siege battles, posing no challenge whatsoever unless artificially boosted by cheaty fake difficulty (same as every other Total War).This means you'll find yourself spending more and more time on the campaign map rather than fighting any prolonged, repetitive, blobby, moronic AI battles manually, and the campaign map strategy sim has always been the weakest and most boring part of the game. I had hoped this game would be on par with Warhammer: Dark Omen, the last good Warhammer fantasy RTS, but it's not even close to a game 18 years its senior. Just play that instead if you can find it.All these issues were forgivable when Total War was an amazing technical achievement 15 years ago, but they've been grating for a long time, because Creative Assembly refuse to do the hard work of fixing the issues inherent in their Total War games, and seem content to just keep reskinning the same broken garbage and selling it to us again and again. 
Mengo	Recommended	305.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198073396404/	PROs:Great AILong hours of playabilityRaces feel differentBattles are greatCampaign is feel and more simplistic than previous Total War gamesCons:Assasins!Loading time can feel long at timesDiplomacy (To each of their own)
Allergies	Recommended	742.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/pustorm/	I'm not going to write a long review, because it should be obvious how great this game is by now. I keep coming back to it to play out a new campaign and watch the politics and nations of the grim Old World shift and shatter in all new ways, while the tides of Chaos consume the north and begin to spill over everyone else as they bicker (or get hammered even before they leave Kislev, which can happen if you're on top of things!). I find it ridiculous that the reviews for this game are "Mixed." If you scroll through all the negative reviews, you'll find that the vast majority of them are decrying the cost of the DLC and little to nothing else. SO DUMB. In a perfect world, those reviews would be posted on the pages for the "offending" DLCs, and you'd see "Overwhelmingly Positive" instead of "Mixed," because that's what this base game is - overwhelmingly awesome.This is a Total War title where it actually makes sense to have $18 DLCs for new races. They are not just reskined units already in the game with new starting positions. They are entirely new races, with entirely new campaign mechanics, units, unit models, quest chains, and even magic in some cases. That's a lot of hours of entertainment. I never once regreted buying the Beastmen DLC, because I've played at least four Beastmen campaigns and enjoyed each one immensely. The same cannot be said for most of the DLC for Rome 2. Even if you don't buy the DLC, the Beastmen and Chaos and other new races/ units will show up in your campiagns as allies and enemies to fight against/ be slaughtered by, so I don't see anything to complain about there. The $8 Lord Packs are also worth it IMO, as you get new Legendary Lords and their quests, new units, and new starting positions. The fact that each one is released with a free Legendary Lord and all his/ her trimmings is just icing on the cake.Anyway, if you're still on the fence about this game, and if you like fantasy and you like Total War, it is my recommendation that you totally get it. It's a gorgeous game with super fun battles and a unique fantasy map to fight over, a map that will grow larger and larger as new DLC comes out, and become populated with more and more exotic, outrageous, and strange races/ monsters/ magic as time goes on. They haven't even released any of the elf factions yet, not to mention the disgusting steampunk rat-men or the aztec dinosaur-men riding dinosaurs. This game will be a treat.
Michael [UG]	Recommended	681.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/321Michael123/	Product received for free
BsB^	Recommended	61.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198076340535/	Ok so this is my first review, and so well see how this goes. So I used to be one of the fps console pesants, but I moved over to pc and started to play Planetside and CSGO, which brought me here to steam. Where there are all these different styles of games. I mostly stuck with the FPS genre till some of my friends got me into civ, and others into Supreme commander 2, Never thought I would like those games but my friends forced me into buying them, and so  I did and don't regret a thing.But now leads me to the actual review and summary of the game thing. This game is really a great combination and melting pot of the RTS and civ style games. The Whole city building aspects are much better than civ becaue not only do you have to make the right choices inorder for your army to survive you also have to figure out if you  want to have it produce money or be a strong defensive city. The process of creating an army is definatly a lot better than supreme commander because not only is it easier to group who goes where and all that but you can make a strategy for one army and not your entire force. The combat system for this game is basically a mix of RTS and civ because you can choose to auto-resovle it, or sit there and fight it out in an rts style. Which is definatly one of the best features. Another thing I love about this game is how each faction is completley different unlike in civ where you can have slightly different units or the have the same things as the other groups, and like some of the RTS games I have played there is no special way of aquiring the different types of units for the faction ( if that makes sense). But the different factions or races definatly set this game apart with their diverstiy.now for my problems with the game. I wish there could be away to do multiplayer campaings  with more than 2 people, but I know why there isnt because of how long the turns take. And I also whish that as a dwarf I could play as The Barak Varr (One of the other dwarf factions) but rather you are stuck to the Dwarfs, Empire, or greenskins.But obviously every other aspect of the game beat out these few problems that may change in the upcoming updates. SO GO BUY THE GAME RIGHT NOW YOU WON'T REGRET IT. Plus you get the Chaos Warriors for free if you do it soon.
Dango_17	Recommended	201.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198250987686/	1. Brought game.  2. Played as greenskins because why not. 3. Hired a handfull of giants.  4. Went into battle with giants.  5. Giants picked up and ate many, many, many dwarfs.  6. Laugh and pitty there small mutilated corpses.   10/10 would laugh at mutilated body again...
tylo_68	Recommended	305.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198022464977/	Very good game!
SamVG	Recommended	333.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/catbug4lyf/	An excellent Total War game with a Warhammer theme.Pros:- Good performance- Great visuals- Great sound design- Varied units- Good animations- Battles are really fun and tactical- The factions, albeit few, all play very differentlyMixed:- There's gonna be a lot of DLCCons:- Less in-depth on the strategic part than previous Total War games- Regional occupation, you can only conquer lands from your nemesis faction. (Dwarves v Greenskins, Humans v Vampires. Chaos can only raze, which is fitting.)- Sieges aren't as interesting as previous Total War gamesDon't pay attention to the majority of negative reviews, they're about a small issue that can be fixed easily.If you're still unsure about buying the game, there's tons of gameplay on YouTube for you to watch. 
Bane	Recommended	67.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198051287749/	Playing as Chaos, got ambushed by Empire. Ate Balthasar Gelt with a Manticore. Whole Empire army routed and died. 10/10 best total war 
Calibek	Recommended	515.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198218270245/	Bought the game during the winter sale. In that time I have put over 250 hours into the game, and that is JUST with the four original factions. Currently playing Bretonnia campaign and still loving the game. I have NEVER played a Total War game, so this is my first but I am IN LOVE with Warhammer lore even though I am still a novice in it. The quality of the game is top notch and you can show A LOT of thought was put in to making a great gaming experience. With it being on sale I HIGHLY recommend getting this game. Normally I wouldn't like all of the DLC for a game but for something I have put almost 300 hours into I am more than happy to pay for it because it increases my satisfaction with this game. After playing this game I preordered TW:WH 2 already with no thought or hesitation. Even if you NEVER buy any of the DLC the 4 main factions and Bretonnia are WELL WORTH the price. This game got me reinvigorated in RTS's.
WoodisoN	Recommended	290.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/WoodisoN/	One of my favorite games of all time. I love the Warhammer world and this game is the perfect representation of it. I am constantly in disbelief that this game even exists. It is truely a magical match made in heaven. Thank you CA and thank you Games Workshop for making this happen.
Jimbo	Recommended	322.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/systalis/	This is an amazing game that has given me hundreds of hours of enjoyment. The only other Total War game I liked prior to this was Shogun 2, as I did not like the changes to the newer additions. This is the first "current" TW game to really grasp me, and the addition of beasts, monsters, magic, and fantasy artillery really breathed life back into the series. If you have gripes about the DLC, get over it. The game is perfectly finctional out of the box, and the DLC content is primarily advanced content that expands upon the complexities of the base races. You'll probably spend a lot of time getting your bearing with the base races when you start anyways. This game is great, the mod support is even greater, and I can't wait for the second game to come out.
Fondles the Clown	Recommended	74.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198047013849/	Other than Warhammer, I've only played Total War: Attila. While Total War: Warhammer is a bit more simplified than the previous title (By the gods do I miss spear/shield wall and the similar 'testudo's) but it is far more fun, in my humble opinion. Although I am biased because of my love for Warhammer fantasy. Great game.
Adrian Gaming	Recommended	118.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/AdrianLopez/	TL;DR Total War: WARHAMMER is arguably one of the best in the franchise and perhaps some of the best Total War since Shogun 2. Absolutely worth the price and worth the wait. Graphics and PerformanceThe game runs very well and looks absolutely stunning and beautiful; colors pop out and the contrast between different magical effects and bows and gunfire is all stunning to look at. Game performs like a beauty, but then again, my specs are a bit up there as far as monetary cost and tier on the market (check my YouTube for my PC specs and equipment). GameplayThe game plays quite refreshingly from other Total War games; not only is the fantasy setting quite interesting to dive into, but it just feels fresh because of the major differences between the factions and their unit rosters and economic mechanics on the campaign map. So far, I am impressed with how fresh the game feels. Value for the PriceAlthough I have only played a few hours of the game, I already feel like I've gotten more than my money's worth and I have a feeling there is a great longetivity in this game as far as the campaign and battles and such are concerned. I am going to enjoy playing this game. Please check out my YouTube channel for Total War and grand strategy content, impressions and review videos, and much more:http://youtube.com/user/AdrianL1996 
ctc_jackie	Not Recommended	129.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198124358224/	First of all I would like to start with the fact that, from a perspective of a Total War enthusiast, this game has a fairly interesting gameplay which introduces two new features in the series, the flying units and magic. Also, the hero units have new interesting features now compared to the old games.Unfortunately though, there are are a lot of negative aspects:-lack of content: this goes for the size of the world map (which is about a third of the maps from the previous 2 titles) and also for the faction availability (without buying any DLCs you will have 4 playable races, all the other factions being a copy-paste of these 4 races)-ridiculous AI: if you play at normal difficulty it's not bad, but if you play it at hard and above and you are not careful you will see enemy armies avoiding defended settlements and going for undefended ones no matter if it's a strategically stupid decision and after sacking/razing it moving just enough for you not to be able to catch them. The AI also cheats, attacking settlements that he cannot see directly (even though it shouldn't know if the settlement is defended or not)-very fast paced battles: without pausing for micro managing any battle is over in less than 5 minutes, very rarely beyond that-magic: one of the new features seems at times useless, the impact that it has during a battle being marginal at best-bad siege battles: now the sieging army starts already in the area of influence of the towers reducing the usefulness of the artillery. Also, the attacking army can go to the enemy walls and magically pull ladders from their * and climb the walls. The enemy units inside the walls appear and disappear randomly. The siege tales place only in a part of the city (not around all of it) and so there are the Rome 1 sort of situations with funneling all the troups in 1-2 roads to take the city center-revolting money-grab: slowly in the last 2 games of the series, the developers have started exercising how much money they can take from their customers by putting content that should be in the original game as DLC. With this game, they take the money grab to a complete new level: the original game (from steam) is 60 euros and the DLCs released so far are  17.5 and 7.5 euros (I won't take blood and gore into consideration as I understand why it's paid). If you compare this to any game from the past or any proper game from now (cd projekt red for ex) this is a normal price for at most 1/2 of a full game, DLCs included. Another interesting thing is what the dev team said a few months before the game launched (and they were saying it like they were doing us a favor) which was that they decided to hire more guys in the DLC team so they can bring us that extra content quicker, conveniently leaving aside the fact, ofc, that they could have done that to their main team and not ask for more money each time they released a new patchTo sum it up, I do not recommend anyone to buy this game in its current form, it badly needs a whole lot more content to be playable more than 2 or 3 times, and even after all the DLCs are out I recommend it only if everything will cost no more than 60 euros.
Akarozu	Recommended	1,083.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198009397240/	When I heard they were making Warhammer Total War, I was immediately interested, such a cross over I thought. The gameplay of the Total War franchise and the universe of Warhammer. Like many others, I was not disappointed.One of the first fights I had I was ambushed by a goblin army in the underpass with but a small force of dwarves. We were vastly out numbered but my dwarves fought valiantly to the death, as each unit  dropped one by one all that had remained was my Dwarven Lord, but that's when i fell in love with Warhammer total War. Ungrim Ironfist single handedly killed the Hordes of goblins, leaping about and smashing them side, it was beautiful something out of a movie. I watched in shock and aw as what I had assumed was sure defeat became a victory.10/10 Love warhammer total war, glad I'm alive to play this game! :D
Cinder	Not Recommended	278.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/CalmSilence/	I really like the game, but I really hate the way they price their DLC.
potato salad	Recommended	8.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198080353941/	one of the better RTS games i have ever played! the only problem people seem to dislike about it its DLC. i have no problem spending money on a good game, so i think this games is great
SigmarTakeTheWheel	Recommended	194.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198008788265/	Since Games Workshop♥♥♥♥♥♥the bed and rendered your miniature army irrelevant, this is the only feasible way to play Warhammer now.Good thing Creative Assembly did a bloody good job with it.
WoodisoN	Recommended	290.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/WoodisoN/	One of my favorite games of all time. I love the Warhammer world and this game is the perfect representation of it. I am constantly in disbelief that this game even exists. It is truely a magical match made in heaven. Thank you CA and thank you Games Workshop for making this happen.
Jimbo	Recommended	322.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/systalis/	This is an amazing game that has given me hundreds of hours of enjoyment. The only other Total War game I liked prior to this was Shogun 2, as I did not like the changes to the newer additions. This is the first "current" TW game to really grasp me, and the addition of beasts, monsters, magic, and fantasy artillery really breathed life back into the series. If you have gripes about the DLC, get over it. The game is perfectly finctional out of the box, and the DLC content is primarily advanced content that expands upon the complexities of the base races. You'll probably spend a lot of time getting your bearing with the base races when you start anyways. This game is great, the mod support is even greater, and I can't wait for the second game to come out.
Bradeurs	Recommended	32.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Bradeurs/	Released a day one patch that fixed the bugs, game actually launches now. So far so good.
Hąkuouki hellcase.com	Not Recommended	139.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198051534790/	-This game is really good but DLC policy is still awful.-7,49 € for single race
ComradeWinston	Recommended	491.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/comradewinston/	Everything here is a vast improvement over recent Total War titles. The first and most obvious is performance; unless you have a rusty old toaster it should run just fine as opposed to say, Attila: Total Lag. Although far fewer, factions are diverse in their playstyles and goals. Each faction is far more than effectively the same roster units with a different paint job, with a bit of unique stuff tossed in. It isn't just represented by units or specific buffs, there are serious mechanical differences and on top of that the campaign has a good number of RPG elements which add plenty of welcome flavor. The ruinous forces of Chaos and others can find allies, in the enemies of their enemies such as the undead or greenskins. From the start you get to pick from two or three starting heroes. Agents can now act as units, ones as mighty as any commander but capable of carrying out typical agent actions. Important heroic characters of all variety can carry powerful buffs, be equipped with various things you receive from winning a battle and given mounts. Units in general actually have weight, it doesn't look as though they're all busy choosing a dueling partner in the middle of a giant battle. For instance, large units don't get caught up like elephants would in previous Total Wars, they will merrily walk on through groups of units if you tell them to. Plus the UI in general is a masterpiece, allowing so much more customization—it cannot be understated how thoroughly an improvement this is.
Tedd Cruise	Not Recommended	80.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198294000803/	This makes me wish there was an inbetween for reccomendationsIt is a great game, and a breath of fresh air for Total War games. However the DLC they keep chucking out for $10-$17 is completly abhorrent. I mean come on $3 for blood effects? Not to mention the base game has 4 factions, 4 out of the numerous factions in the Warhammer universe, that CA is more than most likely going to keep pumping out for $15 a faction. Hopefully CA sees how far it is alienating it's fanbase and change their policy.In shortGreat game, terrible DLC Marketing 
Suicidal Muffins	Recommended	218.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/coolblue907/	*There is an issue with starting up the game litterally all you have to do to fix it when you launch the game is to go into Steam's offline mode and when you are in game you can go online again with no issues!*I do have to say that this game amazing if you are a fan of ether total war or a fan of the table top. (there is even a day one mod that is currently out and being worked on to make the units behave and act like their TT counterparts) I do have to say that this is the best Total War game sence Shogun 2. Units have a sense of weight to them especially heavy armor units and Large units. Your lords are strong and if built right a Legendary Lord can cut a swath through lower tier units with ease but you are not the only one with a Legendary Lord, so watch out!I highly recomend this game simply because its a damn good Total War game and my only issue is though is... What has taken C.A so long to finally get to this gem stone!?
Vic Vinegar	Not Recommended	60.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198010490979/	Redshell = Red downthumb....But buy this game on sale, it is really good, but otherwise overpriced. Also, protest Redshell.
Thornton	Recommended	562.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197964166473/	Best Total War game. Best Warhammer Fantasy Game. Best Fantasy RTS. DLC doesn't bother me. Base game is great. DLC can be picked up for next to nothing in sales, bundles, third party offers. Or you can wait for the whole thing to be on sale later, when everything is patched.
Stejarul	Recommended	46.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198148406082/	After 166 turns on a chaos campaign, (started with that because i wanted to see how lazy they ripped atilla's horde mechanics for this game...was REALLY wrong) i started pillaging and conquering the northern parts of the map, killing savages left, right and center. After that i did something different than what i watched on youtube, or on big streams ..i didn't raze them, i didn't subjugate them i just pillaged and moved on to the south... To my surprize at around turn 90-100 as i was hunting down the empire scum i was searching for their last cities on the diplomacy when i saw that all the northern tribes that i spared had united and were curently the number 1 power faction in the entire campaign ... That was just soo cool.Another powerfull moment occured when i got a "special" cinematic, (NO SPOILERS DON"T WORRY) and suddently i was beeing hunted all over the map by a particular someone. I kept using the human cities and armies as shields to buy time and muster enough men to destroy my enemy. Suddently the empire scum became the reason i didn't loose the campaign at around turn 125-130. I was amazed. Those were my impresions, the game is optimized, runs really good, exacly as Rome 2 emperor edition would run on my PC (didn't play rome 2 at launch so i can't jugde), with an GTX 970 and an i7 4770k it defaulted on ultra settings, never had a problem. P.S. without a SSD loading into battle sometimes takes about 1-2 minutes.I was totaly surprized today! Good game
only mid	Recommended	125.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TacticalProject/	I will compare this game with the other Total War games.I have played Rome, Rome 2 and Medieval 2 total war.I will divide this review in 5 sections: Settlements, Battles, Diplomacy, Campaign and DLCs.CampaignIn this game, you aren't in Europe, Africa or Asia. You are in the world of Warhammer. That has some northern lands, forests and deserts. You play as one of the 4 main factions (5 in you get the DLC): Empire, Dwarves, Orks, Vampires and Chaos (DLC).As you progress through the campaign, you can covince other factions of the same race to join you, gaining all of their cities and armies. You can also conquer them. However, you cannot occupy settlements of a different race, After you grow strong enough, an evil force will come from the north and their influence can be felt in the entire world. That force is Chaos. They cannot occupy cities, only destroy them. Spoiler for the Warhammer books:  Chaos is the confirmed winner. They destroy the world. DiplomacyThe diplomatic options are the same as in Rome 2 Total War. You don't need an agent to travel to someone to start diplomacy. You can do this through the diplomacy menu. You can tell your allies where to attack. When Chaos invades, all factions have a diplomatic bonus, which makes you ally with the whole world to fight Chaos.SettlementsThe public order system has been greatly simplified. Buildings, technologies, commandments (editcts) and agents increase public order, while recent raids and enemy agents decrease public order. Instead of religion or culture, we now have corruption (vampiric and chaos). Playing as the Vampires means you need Vampiric corruption for your people to be happy, while playing as any other faction means you need to avoid corruption. If you have a lot of chaos corruption in a city, a chaos army will appear and rebel against you. The same goes for vampire coruption. You can lower the corruption with technologies, agents, characters and buildings.BattlesCombat was greatly changed. There is no naval combat anymore (only autoresolve) and you can use spells if you have the right skills. There is no dynamic weather or time of day anymore. You can wait before the battle to get better winds of magic (spells recharge faster if there is more wind). You can equip your characters with weapons and armor and other buffs. You can give banners to your troops. You also have special quests battles you can start.DLCsThere is only one DLC right now, the Chaos Warriors. You could have gotten them for free if you purchased the game in a week since it was released.The chaos warriors are the major antagonists and are like the Mongols in Medieval 2 Total War.Other:You can rename everything in this game now: Generals, heroes, towns and even units. Customisation is greatly encouraged now since we also have a complex skill tree for each character. You can even roleplay!I'll give this game a 9/10 because they removed naval battles and you only have 4 factions.
ImpactFenix	Recommended	350.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/1070212/	Oh gosh where to begin, my friends were hyped about this game for about 6 months before it came out, always watching videos and such, i was like "dude that game doesnt even look good" boy was I wrong. Since i got this game its hard to stop playing it, definetly my favorite total war in the series and probably top 5 favorite games of all time.
Haxorzist	Not Recommended	255.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Haxorzist/	This is a great tactical game one of the best I have ever seen but the game is a DLC ♥♥♥♥♥.If you purchase the base game alone you won't have access to the full unit roster of your base factions (Men, Vampires, Dwarfs and Greenskins) those are locked in separate DLC's and that's unacceptable.The game also has other factions you can't play unless you own their DLC but that's ok in my opinion but they won't have access to their full unit roster again because the regiments of renown for all factions are included in another DLC.I think you can see it now right?DLC whoring is unacceptable therefore I can't recommend it.PS:TWII suffers this problem as well but to a lesser extent (except for these factions of coarse lol) anyway TWII base gives you more for your money than this.
T-Rektx	Recommended	17.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197976727102/	Just wanted to write this up real quick because I almost didnt buy the game because of all the negatives people were posting. But I am glad I did because  everything is working completely fine, download was smooth, install fine. Im runnin a midgrade comp gtx860m in case anyone else is nervous bout performance, running it on high like a champ thanks to how well the game was put together. I want to thank steam for somehow compressing the files down to 9gigs even though the game unpacks into 20gigs. I really appreciate steam doing that because im on meterd internet. :) But to all the people just throwing up terrible reviews for their bugs on their ancient potatoes, SHAME ON YOU! To people looking to buy but not sure, BUY IT, I VOUCH FOR THE QUALITY! And to the rest, Ill write a propper review after I slay a ton of orcs :)
Chameon	Recommended	299.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198046230376/	Alright, there's alot of mixed and negative reviews on here.  So, I figured I'd go in and throw my hat for a positive review.  Alot of the negative reviews are recent, and are based on the Call of the Beastmen DLC (Or, if you want to be less fancy, Beastmen Race pack).  Furthermore, alot of them are critiquing a combination of things regarding that DLC, and are pasting it on the main page.Well, 20 bucks per race pack, if that's CA's plan, is extreme.  I'll grant them that.  And that's a discomfort, but, here's something I couldn't find anybody mentioning when I was skimming through the negative critiques....the Beastmen are freely showing up in the campaign as an AI race.  You only have to kick in if you want to play as them.  Not against.  I feel if the DLC mentioned that it might help it retain some gravitas or resemblance of sanity in this comment section, as I milled through it when it was in preorder and bought a copy of it for myself.  Kicking myself for that a bit now, as I didn't actually want to play the buggers, I just wanted an extra threat to show up for later in the game.But, I digress.  What's good/bad about this game?Good:  Pretty lore accurate (As far as I can tell) depictions of most of the beasties and monsters in this game from this setting.AI can now use cavalry/light speedy assault units to actually go after squishies.Grand Campaign is a managable conquer simulator, which the modders in the workshop have enhanced to allow you to make it an unmanagable, insane, inventory filling abomination just like the old grand campaigns.The combat's got alot of interesting questions to learn the answers to (Q: Can Graveguard fight a giant A: Maybe?)Each race plays differently from each other race in noticable ways.  (Beastmen have a pressure to always attack, yes, I did try out the 20 buck investmen.  Greenskins can't really stop rebellions, but don't really want to, as it creates sweet free Waaagh stacks.  Vampire Counts want to slowly invade the rest of the world, corroding the morales of others into welcoming their new vampiric overlords.  Imperials and Dorfs play more or less like old Total War, with Imperials having a special promotion system as their unique mechanic, and Dwarfs gaining quests for allies being harassed, or themselves losing ground/fights).In battle, it's a fantasy RTS, out of battle, it's a fantasy turn based kinda grand-strategy-mabob (With the grand strategy really devolving into who's your friend vs who's your enemy/which direction you're going to war in next.  If they call Stellaris grand strategy, this is really more of the same in that respect)  Both of which aren't exactly the most 'populated' genres independently, and getting both together is a bit light.And, ultimately, the model designs are beautifully well crafted, with the workshop letting you pimp them if you feel they're not quite glorious enough, I'm sure someone has had the same idea you've had.Alright, let's go to the bad.Well, everyone's ♥♥♥♥♥ing about the price point, but honestly, alot of games release with less features then this one does, and offer the new features as mono-DLC.  This -doesn't- offer the new features exclusively as DLC, again, people who kick in 60 get the same experience (outside of what forces chaos can field and what races they can play personally) as people who've got all the DLC.  What it does do that personally kind of offends me is offer the new features without a great deal of bug testing.  I think the reason for this on the beastmen DLC was that they wanted to keep this game on people's radars and shelves, but still....I mean, if they'd waited a few more weeks, maybe they could've stopped their entire bug page on their forum from being repeats of "Beastmen buggy", a few of which I've experienced personally.The game could use a pruning on bugs.  Seriously, the game's got quite a few problems still, which is surprising, because most of these I wouldn't have expected given this is sharing an engine with Total War Rome 2.  I'm -fine- with them, because alot of these bugs aren't game breaking, but if you were to jump back just a week, a week and a half, the game would occasionally have enemy armies be invisible until they were 50 meters out.  Which is crippling for any artillery players (Although not so much for chaos, yes, yes, I preordered the game, or vampire counts, my two main races).  The game tends to not have enough diversity in the late game.  Frankly, if you kill a race off, it's gone, and currently, there's not really much possibility of anything showing up, resulting in Imperials needing to erase the AI vampire counts (And since AI doesn't know how to play vampire counts, that's a pretty easy task) and the incoming chaos hordes, and then they can kinda just...sit there and resettle until they win.  Meanwhile, dwarfs...once the greenskins are gone, there's pretty much nothing for them to do but slowly confederate all the other dwarfs into their massive dwarf empire.  I was hoping beastmen would shake this up, but...honestly, they have a pretty nasty tendency of dying really early in the campaign currently.  I don't know why.The AI doesn't like using higher tier units.  I was really patient on a vampire counts Hard game.  I didn't kill the actual human empire for a hundred and fifty  turns.  Their one high tier unit in their army was two squads of demigryph knights.  That was it.  I had half a dozen terrogheists split across 6 armies, and the Empire had two squads of demigryph knights.  If the game was actually simulating the AI's path, I'd be fine with this, but the AI has infinite money to do what it needs to do, and it has heroes that level every turn, could we get some, and I hate to say this, just a little bit of cheating to make the AI match its' lands?  Maybe Nuln has a tendency to have riflemen or a steam tank sitting waiting after the first 20-30 turns, for example.  As-is, chances are, you're only seeing the cool♥♥♥♥♥♥-you- can do, and it's never really highlighting the other races as well as it could, outside of quick battle, where the AI kinda just grabs one of everything.And, as many, many people have put, they don't release full races.  Which is...discomforting.  Because beastmen are missing three units, Chaos Warriors can't tap into the power of the dark gods individually (Outside of the campaign map, and even on the campaign map....it's kinda...lackluster and random whether the gods let you reach for them at all.)  Chaos Warriors are a great "I want to be a dark magic barbarian" simulator, not really all that good for the 'chaos' part of it though.   Vampire Counts don't have everything for them yet (They're missing Strigoi ghoul kings and two engines), Imperials don't have all their mages, blah blah blah. Would I reccomend this game?  Absolutely.  The TL:DR of the above is that this game's fun.  If you don't have the money to buy a race you want, then, seriously, just wait for a sale for the thing to go down to 5 bucks.  DLC always gets hit the hardest in sales.
Aredic	Not Recommended	22.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198054088307/	Really?! CA is milking the Warhammer brand, with its DLCs...Gameplay is fine, but missing some mechanics on the compaign map.If they continue their DLC policy I will not buy any of the coming DLCs including the next 2 games of the trilogy.. single tear
No Talent	Recommended	618.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198023750530/	One of my absolute favorite games. You can feel the love that's been poured into this game in every detail, and the new content has been steadily more creative and fun.
WolfKnight	Recommended	166.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/WhiteKnight79/	Would have been nice to have wood elves and choas without having to buy dlc. still a great game and I love it.
Grogthern	Recommended	168.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198001976261/	Great game. Has mod support. Nothing else need be said.
OakenHammer	Recommended	1,972.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198062133358/	awesome game best they have ever made
(!£✦Space!✦£!)	Recommended	3.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198210193705/	This is quiet a good game i highly recommend this to any one who likes warhammer and total war games
Greyspartan1	Recommended	175.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198020931535/	With the sale on I decided to check back on this game to see what the prices are for DLC and was shocked to see the recent mixed reviews. I'm a big total war fan and have played the series since the original ROME: Total War. This is a good game and I would reccomend it to anyone, the dlc is a bit high priced though. If your considering purchasing the game I'd recommend holding off on most DLC for a bit. I only really like the stuff the Grim and the Grave offers anyway. With that said though the nice thing about this game is that all of the DLC is intergrated into the game for free so its not as if you wont be able to fight against Vlad VonCarstain or the Beastmen, you just wont be able to play those factions yourself.TLDR: Solid game, good deal when on sale for 14.99. Dont buy DLC without playing the game for a bit first.  
Daniel	Recommended	64.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198018484676/	I had been waiting for this game for a long time, I finally decided to write a review.(these are all my personal opinions)Pros:-Graphics (if you have a fairly powerful machine) are stunning. even on medium to high its still pretty good. The textures are on point and i often find myself zooming in a lot more then concentrating on the game itself...-Gameplay is brilliant in a nutshell..the battles are roleplaying fuel for sure.-Interface is not clunky or overbearing.-The races are great especially if you are a warhammer fantasy fan(prior sigmar ofc)-Whether you prefer to play Singleplayer in a campaign or a custom battle or to play Multiplayer with a friend in the latter its the best of both(insert Hovis TM here)-I can almost guarantee there are a lot more but I cannot think of any whilst writing this review..(probably should have thought of that)Cons:-The AI can be troublesome in the sense they are a bit dense...However Mods can improve this greatly. Whether in the campaign or custom battles mods are a blessing, as with any other game.-Unless you have a power house of a PC you may or may not have to run on a lower quality if you want larger battles, like a huge battle with 20k soldiers might run slower on older PC's and might not even be possible on some.Conclusion:Yes, I am slightly bias as I have a soft spot for Warhammer, but even so I tend to prefer this to other Total War titles just due to the amount of differences in the experience.I much prefer the fact that the lords feel like actual lords, instead of a company. And being a Warhammer fan I love the Fantasy/Warhammer edition to this franchise.Just seems polished in comparison even though it is obviously developed after prior entries. I very much recommend this title to anyone who is pondering on whether or not to partake.
Antlers.	Recommended	185.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198107091522/	more battle maps pls
All_Infantry	Recommended	278.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198372317264/	Great game, I love it.
No Talent	Recommended	618.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198023750530/	One of my absolute favorite games. You can feel the love that's been poured into this game in every detail, and the new content has been steadily more creative and fun.
WolfKnight	Recommended	166.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/WhiteKnight79/	Would have been nice to have wood elves and choas without having to buy dlc. still a great game and I love it.
Grogthern	Recommended	168.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198001976261/	Great game. Has mod support. Nothing else need be said.
OakenHammer	Recommended	1,972.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198062133358/	awesome game best they have ever made
Zid02	Recommended	140.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Zid02/	I have been a big fan of the warhammer universe since I was 12. I paint the miniature figures and when Total War: Warhammer was announced I was really excited for it. Since I have been following the Total War series aswell this game was just a Dream for me. When it came out it was one of the best games I have ever played. It keeps updating getting new great content for each Dlc. I defently recommend this game for everyone who loves fantasy and epic battles!
Racecar Johnny	Recommended	64.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198072983205/	A good game with good but expensive DLC
Xeerz	Recommended	302.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197998901565/	Overall great game, about a few dozen hundred of reviews that explain why.I am here mostly to toss in the friendly reminder (due reading all the sour folk) that a lot of freeLC is tossed in the mix and that you should buy DLC when its on sale if you are going for the dutch greed route.Sincerly, a dutchy. 
mr_pleco	Recommended	58.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mr_pleco/	It kicks my♥♥♥♥♥on easy. 10/10Also, definitely get the gore DLC
[AC] Lord Elifas	Recommended	615.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/LordElifas/	10/10and 2 and 3 incoming.JUST BUY, too long to describe, its realy AAA or SSS project wich is made with love and care.nothing is broken, everything is fun.FOR REAL.
Norstan	Recommended	169.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Norstan/	Best total war of the franchise in my opinion. Every faction feels different and the DLC content is awesome aswell. Especially the events like chaos and random events bring new aspects to the game that greatly improve the fun and diversity in the campaign. I'm suprised by the time I spent in this game, because I generally prefer historical rts games over fantasy rts games but this game is just amazing. I can play it for days with the 'one more turn' effect alot of people are familiar with.
Greenery	Recommended	253.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/greenery/	I bought this game late December, right before the Wood Elves faction DLC was announced. My only experience of playing Total War series was TW: Shogun 2 and I didn't bother to finish the game because I didn't intend to learn to play deeply the game mechanics as I got the game from sales anyway. So I gave up on the game the moment I lost my very first battle! Talking about lazy.I bought Total War: Warhammer because I like fantasy world. I heard about Warhammer Fantasy Battle tabletop game and never played them but anything fantasy based lore is my favourite thing. So I bought the game before the announcement of Wood Elves because the game had received so many praises and negativity over the DLC.The first time I played the game, I played the Dwarfs faction for the campaign as it was stated as an easy faction as a starter play, Like my experience with TW: Shogun 2, I gave up instantly as I had no idea how to use the army efficiently. So the game went into my backlog, up till recently. I gave the game another go, because I paid a lot for the game so might as well put an effort on it. I read and watched as many strategies as I could on how to be successful in the battle.SInce there's a lot of faction to go through, I went for Wood Elves. Upon my playthrough, I failed quite badly because the mechanics for Wood Elves was quite hard for a clueless player. I did my research on how to play Wood Elves and also learn more strategies on how to win battle matches. I started to get better slowly! I learn every bit of the Wood Elves army rosters, from army stats to special abilites and from proper placement of armies to knowing the enemy roster's weaknesses.I win some battles and lose some battles. I restarted the campaign when I deemed that my strategy was not fruitful enough to achieve the main objective and restart from the beginning (now on my fourth try). I didn't give up! The game makes me a better strategists and planner when you know what to do! It becomes addictive! So addictive that I could not stop researching and thinking of a better strategy for fighting a specific faction weekly.I hope I will win the Wood Elves campaign very soon and can't wait to try other factions and learn how to play them efficiently. Now I am an avid Total War series player! I'm looking forward to try TW: Shogun 2 next time and hope that my experience with TW: Warhammer will make me a better player for TW: Shoguns 2 and other series as well.Thank you Creative Assembly for creating a game that made me learn to become better player and I love the variety of mechanics provided for different factions in this game! Looking forward for TW: Warhammer 2 and future (and past)Total War series.
King Eel Bee	Recommended	78.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/KingEelBee/	Khazukan Kazakit-ha!
Szpw	Recommended	83.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/szpw/	When this came out I was part of the history crowd, who complained about it being a fantasy game and whined about there not being a historical title.  Eventually I conceded and bought it after hearing how good it was, despite not really knowing anything about the Warhammer universe.I was so wrong to not get this game earlier.  It's so easy to fall in love with the setting (even if it is a bit goofy at times) and it works so well as a Total War game.  It's very polished - right down to the satisfying animation that buttons do when you click them - and the unit variety is amazing.  You really have to take a strategic and thought out approach, since every faction plays completely differently.  For instance, the Dwarfs use powerful siege weapons and heavy infantry - but how will you deal with the Vampire Counts, who can spew out units like it's nothing and can use spells?  Or how will you use the Empire's steam tanks and volley cannons in battle against Bretonnia, who can use fast and strong knights?That's just the tip of the iceberg.  The battles are immersive, and the crash of a cavalry charge or the guys going flying from a giant's attack is so satisfying.  Moreover, the DLCs feel fairly priced for what they offer - less than $10 gets you factions with unique quests, settlements and leaders, and for $20 you can unlock an entirely new race to play (ex: wood elves).  A fantastic game, and praise Sigmar!
[4th] Ziz ♚	Recommended	130.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Zizowns/	you love total war and you love warhammer.By god they done it right this time.
Dart Aleks	Recommended	457.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/dart_aleks/	I played Total War games before - but this one really hooked me up. Factions really differs from each other and plays in its own unique way. There are of course a questionable DLC policy but it could be much worse ("cough" Paradox "cough", I'm looking at you). Because of asymmetrical balance Multiplayer scene is really interesting. One of the reason why it stands out so much. There are some problem and lack of attention from CA but it still produces interesting matches. With some attention and tinkering they could really make a long-lasting game. Campaigns in the end will bore you, but MP scene is gonna prolong the life of the game.Overall - one of the best game from CA, really enjoyed it. Looking forward for second one.
Szpw	Recommended	83.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/szpw/	When this came out I was part of the history crowd, who complained about it being a fantasy game and whined about there not being a historical title.  Eventually I conceded and bought it after hearing how good it was, despite not really knowing anything about the Warhammer universe.I was so wrong to not get this game earlier.  It's so easy to fall in love with the setting (even if it is a bit goofy at times) and it works so well as a Total War game.  It's very polished - right down to the satisfying animation that buttons do when you click them - and the unit variety is amazing.  You really have to take a strategic and thought out approach, since every faction plays completely differently.  For instance, the Dwarfs use powerful siege weapons and heavy infantry - but how will you deal with the Vampire Counts, who can spew out units like it's nothing and can use spells?  Or how will you use the Empire's steam tanks and volley cannons in battle against Bretonnia, who can use fast and strong knights?That's just the tip of the iceberg.  The battles are immersive, and the crash of a cavalry charge or the guys going flying from a giant's attack is so satisfying.  Moreover, the DLCs feel fairly priced for what they offer - less than $10 gets you factions with unique quests, settlements and leaders, and for $20 you can unlock an entirely new race to play (ex: wood elves).  A fantastic game, and praise Sigmar!
[4th] Ziz ♚	Recommended	130.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Zizowns/	you love total war and you love warhammer.By god they done it right this time.
Dart Aleks	Recommended	457.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/dart_aleks/	I played Total War games before - but this one really hooked me up. Factions really differs from each other and plays in its own unique way. There are of course a questionable DLC policy but it could be much worse ("cough" Paradox "cough", I'm looking at you). Because of asymmetrical balance Multiplayer scene is really interesting. One of the reason why it stands out so much. There are some problem and lack of attention from CA but it still produces interesting matches. With some attention and tinkering they could really make a long-lasting game. Campaigns in the end will bore you, but MP scene is gonna prolong the life of the game.Overall - one of the best game from CA, really enjoyed it. Looking forward for second one.
Aphex	Recommended	227.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/prettybitch03/	my favourite warhammer game omg this is awesome i could play this for days on end very addictive campaign. sick of single player? go play a co-op campaign with a mate. sick of your mate? unleash a WAAAAAGH! on them in versus mode. sick of greenskins? spam some dwarf quarrellers and mow them. sick of dwarf quarrellers? pure ownage with some chaos knights. sick of just anything? play as wood elves and spam those ♥♥♥♥ ing starfire arrows and just become the biggest♥♥♥♥♥♥in the world. yeah the dlc is expensive as♥♥♥♥♥♥but yeah i bought them (so what) all and shut up theres free stuff as well... wow. yes i reccomened this game it was amazing i cannot wait for the next installment and thank you everyone who has read this go check out my youtube channel at (J-Faunzy) i do a lot of gaming mostly just funny things. in conclusion i love fanatasy i love warhammer lore (also 40k) if you are a fan of RTS get this!!! thanks, peace
Zie	Not Recommended	24.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198005532802/	Red Shell
All_Infantry	Recommended	278.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198372317264/	Great game, I love it.
Mr.Prickly	Recommended	701.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197972461299/	This game combines all that one loved of the total war franchise, adds in all the best bits of the warhammer franchise..and combines them perfectly.Miss the old days of total war medieval but always wanted fantasy and magic added in? Then this is your game!Love the warhammer lore and all that but hate the price or model gaming? Then this is your game!Of course in current total war greedyness outside of the core game there is and will be to come, a lot of DLC. You should know this by now going into a total war game. This does not ruin or end the game for me personally as the core one has more than enough for the price in my opinion. IT also lets me pick and choose what factions I may want in the future, what stories, etc. (Bring on the skaven!!!!)  
musicninja98	Recommended	128.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198009162481/	I personally have enjoyed this game very much. Battles are fun, maps feel varied for field battles and the game overall runs great. Overall I love this game. Sadly though it does have a couple glaring drawbacks. Campaign map is severely limiting. Tons of attrition zones all over the map.Economy is super simple.Diplomacy can be a real pain in the rear. Don't bother confederating. You end up with huge diplomatic and public order issues.Sieges are extremely stripped down from Rome 2. Not a bad thing in theory. I always felt like the battles were far too spread out in the huge city sieges. Pathing needs work though. Siege towers tend to derp out at the last few feet from the walls.My largest complaint though is the Multiplayer campaign. I love playing this with my friend and we want to rename our heroes which was a nice change of pace except that in Multiplayer Campaign you can't rename squat.
Brigador	Recommended	152.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198013728428/	Edited after 50 more hours of play time.After some 50 (now 100) hours I finally felt ready to talk about this game.First things first - the interface is a little rough on the edges and the tutorial is all but comprehensive - what leads to bad first impressions unless you're a long term fan of the series, used to the mechanics.I'm not - at least not the latest instalments - and at first I felt this was a "meh" game. But I endured, in part because the source material is so rich and colorful, and I'm glad I did, for this is actually a very good real time tactical (RTT) game.The game is composed of two parts, the tactical real time battles and a turn based strategy 4x "macro" game.The good part is the RTT, using the true and tested Total War model.The Total War engine is showing it's age and a lot of times it leads to frustration, but Warhammer + Total War works as a charm, as I hoped it would. The art is colorful, the lore is rich, watching the armies in action is trully emotional for a warhammer afficionado (even without the mandatory blood and gore DLC, I'm watching your shady business practices, Sega).They managed to create completely distinct experiences for all the races, something that fix que one big flaw about the series, the almost symmetric factions. It also leads to great replayability. Once you understand the fine tunning about the stats it becomes crystal clear, every race is unique here, and you should play accordingly.On a bad note, the 4x aspect of the game is shallow and flawed.Diplomacy simply makes no sense (they didn't even try), you have to fight every turn to keep leveling heroes, etc. It's basically an excuse to build more and more advanced units and keep playing tactical battles. That detracts specially from the experience playing less lore-wise agressive races, like Empire and Dwarves.Also, the game's 4x mode economy is a blatant lie, your income, even dominating most of the map, will never be enough to support more than 3 full armies. They "kinda" fix it with cash from the nether, a fixed ammount you gain "because so" every turn, but that only makes the economic game broken state even more obvious.The only plus to the 4x aspect of the game is the asymmetry between the races, leading to the only actual strategic choices, specifically how agressive you have to do with or against each race.All in all, this game is a must play for warhammer and total war fans, and if you like at least one of them, give it a shot. Can't really recomend it to 4x players tough, unless you consider the very simplistic 4x systems in this game acceptable because of the deph those tactical battles offer.
famingfire	Recommended	125.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198045680793/	It's very underated. period.
famingfire	Recommended	125.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198045680793/	It's very underated. period.
GO	Not Recommended	154.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198094493373/	high priced dlc for content that should've been in the game already, $20 is a TOTAL scam off every person who bought the game and dlc.
XV9_Genesis	Recommended	63.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198033948061/	Very good game. Got really into it. Had to throw myself off the seat to get away from the game. Awesome model design, very much like tabletop. Love it. Worth the money.
Dino Spumoni	Not Recommended	187.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198004982300/	The base is game is fantastic and I've greatly enjoyed it, however the DLC policy is the perfect example of to anger your customer base, but as long as the sales are good (they are) I am sure CA/Sega will never care.If you like warhammer/total war then be prepared to spend 100+ $$$ for a ull exprience
Gesia	Not Recommended	116.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197984782430/	Text got way longer than I wanted it to, so here's a TLDR:Really wish there was an average, not thumb up or down. The Game is decent, but not worth full price. If you want a Total War with Skelletons and Orks you got it, but it suffers from some longstanding series issues, and some new onces, that desperatly need changing. As it is, I wouldn't buy it again.I just finished my first campaign (actually its my 3rd campaign as I restarted a few times) and feel like this is a good point to give a few thoughts. Firstoff: I like the Total War Franchise and have played all the games exept the first Shogun. Also, I'm NOT a Warhammer fan, not  that I dont like it, Im just not that much into fantasy, and the Warhammer franchise is only known to me by games (Vermintide...)I didn't get the game at first because to me, a historical setting always seemed superior to a fantasy setting, but since every magazine, website and youtuber praises the game to the sun and back, I decided to give it a shot anyway. Also, the nonsymmetrical Factions sounded like fun.With that said:The game starts of rather rocky by not only having an avalanche of DLC but by CONSTANTLY reminding you of the DLC you dont own. Just to start a campaign you will have had more than 5 reminders that you are missing content! That's just insulting...Well, since I'm a boring person and will probably be playing the Empire for the majority of the time anyway - In all the other Total War games I also tend to have 2-3 Factions that I keep playing, I didn't mind AS much.So after that I started my "the empire" campaign and was astonished that a game priding itself on the differences in factions would have me kill my own faction and an almost identical faction for the first hours of the game. However, since all other total wars also were mostly fighting your own species, exept for dogs and the occasional burning pig, I went with it. I could do without the slight comic-touch in the graphics but it's ok, not a dealbreakter.Only about two hours into the game, I have conquered quite some land and the thing that has become the most obvious to me is that whoever said the Total-War-Campaign-Ai was improved was lying out of their Orkloving Buttocks. It is as detached from logic as it is otherworldly as ever. Anyone who ever played a total war game knows the braindead AI and this game is no exeption, whatever the fanboys are saying. So the Lord  at the Border, who is fighting the Lords of Chaos all by himself decides not to trade with me because... reasons... guess he doesnt need free money while fighting the personification of Satan. When I asked him if I can move my troops through his land to at least help him fight the Lord of all that is evil, he declined, appearantly afraid I'd take away his chance to die like a champion - which of course he did after a bit.Factions will declare war on you, just to sue for peace in the next turn, handing you thousands of gold. Factions that love you and fight besides you dont want to trade, or factions that love you and are 1/10 of your strength will not sign a non-aggression pact. And when at war the faction will send their armies to the end of the world, leaving their capital undefended.How, in the name of the Lord, is this not something that gets mentioned more often?! Have we gotten so used to the ♥♥♥♥♥iness of the Total War AI that we dont even mention it anymore?Anyway, the inability of the AI also means that both the AI and the game itself need to cheat like crazy in order to pose a thread.Now I can live with the AI getting a bit of money, even though this means that literally every 1-city-minor has an army half the size of my 5-Province "empire". But ok, would be boring to only fight mini-stacks. However the game constantly spawns full stacks of Orcs, Beastmen, Nordmen or Chaoswarriors somewhere on the map to keep you busy! In addition every faction declares war on you on a regular basis (and sues for peace moments later) and Public Order is almost impossible to control, meaning that you are ALWAYS fighting EVERYWHERE. I finished the campaign (long victory) without ever feeling like I'm in Control of the Situation. Now I get that earlier Total Wars had the problem that the Endgame was too easy, but I dont think this is solved in this. The Endgame was still easy, there was no way for me to lose (The final approach of Chaos was completly destroyed in the first turn of reaching my land), as I had horrendous amounts of money and the game lets you recruit about 5 Units per Province per Turn (I♥♥♥♥♥♥you not, you can literally recruit like 20-30 Units a turn) - But the game got REALLY annoying and frustrating later, because the AI would keep burning down settlements, just to be killed by me, just to magically reappear somewhere where theres no units.Now the game has a few good new Ideas, but one thing thats new to this game, what previous Total War games thankfully didnt have is the AI cheating by movement points and knowing your reach. What this means is that Armies can run away from your army forever. I once spent 20 Turns chaseing a chaos-Army through my land. The army ALWAYS was exactly one step ahead of mine. (and before the fanboys jump to the rescue: yes I had the +10% movementspeed thing and yes I did try to sabotage the army with my witchhunter)This is just no fun, and it ALWAYS happens - any army that is too weak to take on your army will stay your exact movementrange away from your army. If you use multiple armies, like I tried, the enemy army will use subsh♥♥♥♥♥raaaah mode and teleport just one-meter away from the reach of one of your armies. It's the most annoying thing ever.Actually I lied. The most annoying thing is the corruption. Corruption is a mechanic where, once chaos arrives, your Land gets more and more corrupted, which lowers your Public Order (IE more rebellions) and has some other minor mali.This is the dumbest decicssion ever made. It forces the player to prioritize Happiness-Buildings over anything else. Now exept for province capitals, all cities only have 4 slots, 1 being the city, one being the happiness building and one being the garrison, theres only one more slot to work with and probably that slot will make money - this means there is no more thinking or tinkering about your cities! What, I ask, is added in terms of fun to the game by this stupid♥♥♥♥♥mechanic? It just means you dont get to build what you want and you keep getting rebellions on higher difficulty level even though you built the happiness building in every city, further adding to the annoyance in lategame.I ended up spening the absolut majority of the game fighting humans (first part of the game) rebellions and Hordes of Beastmen that randomly spawned....Well, this Text got longer than I inteded...  Hope it helped :) 
Salazan	Not Recommended	150.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Salazan/	Do not buy now, wait for all DLC to release and a few sales after that so you can get it all in a neat bundle for $20-30Terrible anti-consumer business practice and micro DLC Game may be good but I cannot reccomend this terrible practice
Callaway	Not Recommended	71.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/callaway/	The DLC policy with this game is atrocious. Think "Horse Armor" all over again. Three dollars for blood effects that should be part of the game? Almost 20 dollars for an extra race that should be part of this $60!!! dollar game? $8 for Chaos race which should ABSOLUTELY be part of this game (it's the main bad guy race). I'm not getting any DLC and if I could I'd return the game.
Ⓐndrew🐸🐷	Not Recommended	108.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198059457994/	dem dlcs tho :(
Iron Tarkus	Not Recommended	106.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198071138321/	The base game is alright, nothing spectacular and missing quite a few units from each race in it. The four races they give you. While charging an absurd amount for the rest of the core races. The game isn't worth what they want you to pay, it's completely unreasonable and CA should feel ashamed.
Sorry not Sorry	Not Recommended	51.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/changskies/	Save 4 dlc = new AAA title game.
Ⓐndrew🐸🐷	Not Recommended	108.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198059457994/	dem dlcs tho :(
Iron Tarkus	Not Recommended	106.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198071138321/	The base game is alright, nothing spectacular and missing quite a few units from each race in it. The four races they give you. While charging an absurd amount for the rest of the core races. The game isn't worth what they want you to pay, it's completely unreasonable and CA should feel ashamed.
moderate rebel	Not Recommended	42.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197994150753/	if youre a TW veteran and you dont like the fantasy environemnts than this game will be a 50/50 for you. The game is really pretty and the design is aspect, seems polished. A lot of management features have been removed and the game is oriented more towards constant battle which is what you want. I personally enjoyed the management features found in original TW titles. It got very repetitive for me fast. THe building chains are interesting but you find yourself just selecting random buildings by mid game because it alsmost seems ambiguis. Overall the game is neat but I couldn't recommend it other TW fans. If you like dragons and goblins or whatever than this may be it for you.
jim_alvey	Recommended	271.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198015454559/	Just a fantastic game all aroundI just wish that a lot of the people that reviewed this game weren't such cheap♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
Ammianus Marcellinus	Not Recommended	26.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198008318511/	Let's just keep this simple. I've been playing Total War games since the release of Rome I and I am a historian who for his daily work specializes in warfare and society in the ancient and medieval worlds. I have always been enamoured to the total war games and the innovative way in which they reworked historical contexts into techinical game design. I also have quite a long history in table top games ranging from WWII and Napoleonic era simulation to actual gamesworkshop franchises like The Lord of the Rings and last but not least warhammer. I can sum this particular game up in one sentence:Total War Warhammer is an excellent rendition of the Warhammer universe but also a very flawed and unimaginative translation of Warhammer into the Total War franchise. Good warhammer: bad total war. I have never seen such a dumbed down version of total war in which all the positive gains from the previously two entries are just thrown away for no apparent reason other than the all mighty sanctity of high framerate,  processor performance and novice accessibility.  Battles lack tactical depth and option but either revolve into an illogical (from a warhammer perspective) rock-paper-scissor enagement or devolve into a close victory moshpit in which all the units gang around the surviving heroes or big 'bullet sponge" units. There are no formation options and the units themselves are much smaller than they previously were. With all the stat-capping and tracking in the campaign as well as in the rpg hero system you will never be quite sure what exactly won you the batlle in campaign battles. Was it your flawless flankmove or was it the stats themselves and all the buffs to your units? The army units themselves are fancy-looking but in terms of design immensely unimaginative. Spearmen are good against 'big units' but are apparently bad against mounted units. Forceful rock-paper-scissor for a tabletop game indeed, but not necessarily good game design. However, this is just one of the battle-and-unit system's many flaws.  I haven't even mentioned the balance between units themselves. In fact, the balance has never been this far off and bad collision models make these unbalances even worse. Units that are supposed to be stronger break through lines but are then automatically killed off because they gain a rear penalty while actually being engaged in a frontal encounter. It's absurd. And whereas in previous total war games a player with a weak army could, with proper tactical thinking and decision making, easily defeat players with a stronger army, in this game however it all comes down to either click-spamming your hero powers or manoeuvring your high damage and health units in massive moshpit battle which in no way resembles or deserves the tactical decisions and manoeuvres you made at the start of the battle:Tactics do not count in this game, stats do.The 4/5 factions this game counts are enjoyable in the first few hours. They are new of course, and have all sorts of fantastical units you remember from the board game. However after seeing these units a couple of days and having played the 4/5 factions in battles over and over again you will find out that the game promised much, but delivers little. It get's stale very quick when you only have 5 factions:There is not much to discover after 10 hours of gameplay.As for the campaign, there are a lot of positives. The warhammer universe is beautifully translated to the map itself and to the character development system. However the building and reseach chain is again quite simplified and not in a particularly good way. Restrictions of specific kind of buildings to particular locales have been around for some time. But in this game such restrictions have been standardized and have been made fundamental elements to the entirety of the building mechanism. Hence, such a design choice results in a rather tedious experience of clicking the end turn buttom in the hope you gain enough money (which is intentiously scarce anyway in this latest edition of total war) to built that 9000 building from your meagre 1500 annual income in order for you to finally built a unit which required 4 different buildings to recruit in the first place, one of which could only be built in the faction's capital! Furthermore new buildings, especially economically oriented ones, do not add significantly to your income nor is there a sensible means to control tax levels. This is of course meant to stimulate aggresive action on the campaign map to enhance your annual income. Armies gain loot, rewards and sack cities if necessary. But by making such aggresive income gathering a primary focus in the game's economy mechanics, it also for a large part throws out the economic planning so important in previous total war games. Planning that required some serious thought:This game's economic infrastructure is flawed.Also, the chaos corruption mechanic is a nice addition to the game, you slowly feel the forces of chaos getting closer to their goal: your destruction. But as opposed to it's vampire counterpart, is completely bugged and can on some occasions not even be brought down to zero level whatever effort you take. Temples, agents, you name it, but the corruption meter will always stay on the same level. When it comes to fighting the actual Chaos armies you will be up for some disillusion. In no way are these as strong as the fearsome Hunnic hordes from Total War: Warhammer's predecessor. They are simple push-overs which require no real effort to defeat at all:Chaos is a push-over and definitely no Attila.Hence Warhammer Total War might be an enjoyable experience for Warhammer fans or players who are not really interested in Total War mechanics in any case. For me, and many others, who have been with the franchise from the very beginning the game just does not deliver on it's primary function: Total War.6/10Edit:Some other quintessential gameplay mechanics featured in previous total war games missing from this game:1. Dynamic weather system (sometimes it rains in temperate zones, sometimes there is ash fall in vulcanic areas, and sometimes it snows in northern areas)2. Seasons (Winter never crosses the river, but I'm sure it's coming......some day)3. Naval mechanics,  naval construction, naval battles4. Combat animations and finish moves (always worked perfectly fine since Medieval II, slightly problematic in Rome II until patch 3 & 4, perfect in Attila Total War. Now completely absent from Warhammer. Only a few big monstrous feature kill animations)5. Religion (even though featured prominently in Warhammer tabletop lore, completely absent from the game)6. Faction politics (internal): the game only features inter-state politics, i.e. diplomacy, which itself is again dumbed down as compared to previous entries. For instance, it is impossible to make family alliences in this game. Furthermore, all your generals are law abiding citizens whose only worry is getting a tier higher in the rpg tree.7. Tax control. Just no.8. Food/income gathering (this quintessential dynamic between food production and income gathering fundamental for societies at war does not seem to exist in this particular game. They are structured separately for no apparent reason but to flesh out the building chain. In itself, food production does not produce food. Which is quite hilarious).9. Turn/date based objectives (you're in no hurry in Total War: Warhammer. You can click the end turn button as many times as you like without penalties)10. More than 5 factions. Just an example. This game, Warhammer, only includes 5 factions and one unplayable faction. Rome II featured many more factions, each being part of several unique civilizations: Carthage, Rome, Iberic, Celtic (continental), Celtic (Insular), Nomadic, Germanic, Illyrian, Dacian, Eastern, Hellenic, Anatolian, Thracian, Desert.
EthanZ	Not Recommended	216.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198170381570/	The next monster unit coming out is a ravenous CA exec who eats players money c/d?
CARROT	Recommended	818.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198028524749/	um guys ive come across a problem with the replays, watched a battle replay from my campaign, (which is super awesome) the actuall replay has randomly generated my reinforcing army in a different spot on the map and the battle has turned out completely different from what actually happened. First problem ive come across, 9/10 for the game, best total war yet, love how smart the A.I is and how all the race mechanics play out
Kronpas	Not Recommended	114.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kronpas/	Unless you are massive fan of war hammer, I dont recommend this game1. Almost exactly the same of mechanics from Attila TW, renamed. 2. AI annoyance. Abuse of forced march, a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ mechanics from Rome II to raze player's cities, denying him of epic battles instead reduce the game to a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ mouse and cat game. It become incredibly frustrating when it comes to Chaos invasion. No im not paying to deal with this♥♥♥♥♥♥ 3. Shallow empire management building. No thought at all put into building trees and techs. 4. Lack of in-game tutorials. Obscure mechanics and zero explanation to agent interaction. And agent in this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game is still OP as hell. ♥♥♥♥ you CA. I thought I was smart to buy your game after flying praises.
ʕ•ᴥ•ʔ Mops Co Wciaga Kox ʕ•ᴥ•ʔ	Recommended	299.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197973746227/	Warhammer + Total War count me in :)
Dick R. Kane	Recommended	158.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/elbro/	The best Warhammer Fantasy Battles game we have on PCAnd a great Total War game too. There are fewer races in here than what previous games in the series offered, however all of them are vastly different from each other in how they play with their army rosters offering a wider variety of troops.The game is more hero centric this time, with army leaders being a tough to crack unit themselves, being able to carry various items improving their physical and magical side, as well as getting followers granting various bonuses either to an army in question itself or a region it is located in. There's a good choice of spells too, however they could've been more powerful to make a more noticable difference on the battlefield.However there were some simplifications made compared to other games in TW series. Economics are much simpler now with a static background income together with income from cities, quests or your actions. Every infantry unit carries a ladder during sieges now, which makes them take less time and be slightly easier for the attacker.Tactical AI is pretty good, properly countering your attacks, exploiting the terrain and flanking with its mobile units. On a strategic map AI is also considering its chances pretty well, trying to send its stacks into battle when it has chances to win. And because the commander is pretty tough - in a way it solves a problem with a dead or wounded leader demoralizing the troops right away.It is also the first Total War game where I truly enjoy playing custom battles, since being able to create your own army out of Warhammer units and fight another Warhammer army is very enjoyable. And then there are also single scripted scenarios depicting battles from Warhammer lore which are great too.This game is a much needed breath of fresh air for the TW series, get it now.
ZincGoblin	Not Recommended	331.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198106460742/	Quick summary: Love the base game, even got the Chaos pack for free as prepurchase. Hate the idea of having to spend (probaly) over a hundred dollars for a full gameGoing to mainly talk about the pricing, but there is a review of the actual game afterwards:Paying the typicall AAA price for a game is not abnormal, I'm fine with that. The base game itself deserves that price. There is a lot of detail, plenty of events and fights to keep the game entertaining. However, I am against games wanting to break this price limit and reach into a hundred dollars and more ordeal. Big game companies are having trouble keeping their♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off the pricetags and want to up the price now.For anyone that wants to complain, "take it to the DLC page or forums, you're ruining the image of the game here with a negative review of the DLC!" That's the POINT! You don't make change by trying to make it by yourself or where it isn't in plain sight. This needs to be known to everyone, before they even think of buying the base game that they will  have to pay a huge amount just to get the full game. The price tag obviously matters, otherwise you'd be okay with paying six times the cost is currently, no? Personally, ff I knew I was going to have to pay way more than what I originally did, then I wouldn't have prepurchased this game.Now the game, The baseline game is realitively good. If we removed each DLC possible, with the game as a standalone. You can play as four different races: Empire, Dwarves, Orks, Vampire. Each play different and have different sets of troops. They each have a speciality, unique lords, and different preset starting locations. The campaigns play in  risk-like style, with simple city management. Research for better troops, or some factions require reserach for certain troops, build structures for better income, defenses, or troops.Real time skirmishes have two modes; City Defense, and simple assault. City Defense has one army defending behind walls, while assault has two to six armies attacking each other on a semi-flat map. Some troops from each faction do better against others. I personally have found that the vampire counts are awful at ground warfare as the troops are more quantity over quality, unlike the dwarves. The dwarves get zero calvary, cost much more, and are slow as a walking pace, yet slap anything down in melee to short range. The empire excells at ranged and calvary combat. The Orks are almost melee only.With all of that being said, the rest of the game is fine. The terrain detail is nice. The diplomacy options are limited, but the A.I does alright.
MegaDregan	Recommended	611.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/MegaDregan/	After even more play time, and playing all of the factions I'm revising my review.  I'm still recommending the game (barely), however I am changing it from 4 stars to 3 stars:This is a good total war game, but not the best.  CA definitley didn't put a lot of effort into the depth of the game.  On a star rating, I would give it 3 out of 5 because it is not perfect and has some pretty serious gameplay issues and definitely lacks in some depth compared to other Total War titles.  As usual, it is graphically amazing.  The battles are fun (except the seige battles), and the game will suck up a lot of your time especially if you play almost every battle like I do.  I've never played "Warhammer" so I was not familiar with the various cultures of the game, however despite my misgivings about this latest installment of the Total War franchise not being based history, I did find it somewhat refreshing to take a break from "Rome 3 Total War", or it most likely would have been "Empire II".  So far I have tried out Choas, Empire, and Vampires and found each one uniquely different, and not just in the units they can recruit.  Their Tech Tree's are completely different, as are the diplomatic options and the way they go about unlocking units and/or technology, forcing a different play style depending on the culture you select.  The game is also extremely stable, I have over 90 hours and it has not crashed once... Kudo's on that.  So Graphically great, fun, and engaging... what is there to complain about?The drawbacks of the game are things that most likely will get fixed with patches or in the Workshop or with content purchases.  1) There are limited factions to start.. I would really like to play Bretonia, however it isn't an option.  Also, the map doesn't seem as expansive as titles like Rome or Atilla offered, although the battle maps (except the seige maps) offer a wide variety of terrain..   2) The AI seems to be dead set on Razing every settlement, and to recolonize a settlement, no matter if you have 2 units or 20 in your army, will cost almost half of the army.  Part of the problem with razing is because for some reason, orcs and dwarves can only colonize their own kind or each others regions, Vampires and Humans are likewise, and Chaos cannot colonize any regions. Because of that, they just raze any settlement they can't colonize.3) Another AI problem is the the AI has no strategy.  It just rushes you with everything it has, and recruits like 10 archer units (for factions that have them) and pelts your soldiers with missles as they are engaged with the other 10 cavalry and infantry units.  Think you can just use your own cavalry to rush them off? Think again, because half of the missle units are light cavalry that can outrun and pelt your cavalry.  4) Confederations happen way to fast, within 30 turns, the Dwarves had all become one confederation, the empire and become one confederation, and Bretonia had most of their regions in one confederation, which meant here were only like 5 factions left taking a bit of fun out of the game.  5) Also, thankfully Chaos Warriors came free with my pre-order because they are by far the least fun faction to play, they have very limited diplomacy and outside of the norselands are just attack and raze, attack and sack, and repeat and so forth. 6) (Added) The seige battles suck. You no longer get a town view in a minor settlement, it's all done open terrain. In major settlements, you get half of a city, one segment of wall, and the archers (even after attrition from starvation) and towers will pick off most of your army by the time your seige equipment gets to the walls... no matter how far back you put them.  You will also need at least 4 seige towers(8 total) and two battering rams for each seige battle because the archers will destroy at least 6 seige towers plus  any catapults you have.7) (Edit) I initially said there was no group formation, there is one, but it's a little button on the group tab that you have to click and it can be a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥when you're in the midst of a battle to select and de-select.Finale note, It would also be nice to see some kind of a missle and/or artillery unit for the Vampire Counts.
Suicidal Tendencies	Not Recommended	301.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198122427539/	I preffer waiting out a few more DLC's and patches then buying them when they go on sale. This was my first Total war game and as a cinematic game, its beautiful and fun to play at the begining but once I got my hands on Rome 2 this game seemed a bit weaker to me.Im gonna go ahead and tell you guys that Total war games are not for the light of wallet.Pros:-Stays true to the Warhammer universe-A lot of bugs have been (or are being) adressed. Not a disaster on release like Rome 2-Community constantly pumping mods for you to try-Campaign can be fun and is easier to grasp for new players-Introduces giant units and beast that really add to the fantasy theme.Cons: (This is where it gets good)-Chaos DLC (Luckily I got this on release week) and already another coming out?! RIP wallet-Missing mechanics from previous Total war games (How is this game getting better reviews the Total war Attila?)-only 4 playable factions without DLC's -Custom battles and multiplayer get repetitive and boring (Almost the same thing over and over)-SEGA and CA will milk your wallet faster then steam sales doesAll in all if you have time and money to burn this is for you but If you have money to burn in the first place then i think other Total war games are better (At least until a few patches and DLC's come out and make TW:Warhammer better)
Kitty Skies	Recommended	33.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/manicado/	Product received for free
Solid_9007	Not Recommended	87.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/temujin87/	The base game is alright. Pretty similar issues with most Total War games and the late mid game is not fun at all (auto resolve + massive micro management everybody?)However I would say the beginning of each game is really fun. The battles are more interesting with varied races and units, but you run out of variety very quickly (only 3 races, 4 if you pre-ordered).Sega has a TERRIBLE DLC policy and they are horribly overpriced. It costs money to enable blood in this game, really?
Trotter	Recommended	20.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198010952581/	Product received for free
FcukCensorship	Not Recommended	33.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/FcukCensorship/	CONTAINS RED SHELL SPY WARE,Every single total war game has it. Don't trust these ♥♥♥♥s ever again.
Shrimp A	Recommended	34.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198077255446/	A great combination!  By no means is it perfect it needs more playable races to start off and more factions in them.  Though the races that they did put in are wonderfully done and are extremely different from each other.  You get really attached to your generals and heros with the rpg elements they put in.  I was actually extremly sad when my main non-legendary lord bite the dust after holding the line in the Eastern Oblast of former Kislev reals from the Chaos horde.  Chaos horde is awsome too!  It is like the Mongols or Timriud from Medieval II except this time everyone is mostly willing to work together as they are a bigger threat.  Espacially if you let them grow and raid early game!  It was a fun battle with Chaos and it's minions in a raze for raze of the Northern wastes and Kislev.  Gave me an epic hard fought victory banished the last corrupt minon horde of Chaos.  For the Emperor!
Obsidian Shadow	Recommended	219.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197977010468/	I am new to this game and very bad at it. As I write this I have about 40 hours of game time and at least twice as much you tube and research time just to learn how to move my armies properly. I am in turn 106 of the empire campaign and my poor kingdom is repeatedly invaded by beastmen, orcs, norsca, chaos, public disorder and corruption are rampant. Economy is in shambles, settlements regularly get razed as soon as I rebuild them, I mismanaged the early campaign and I can't recruit higher tier soldiers due to lack of higher tier buildings and funds.But I did experience moments of ecstasy when at last some battles were properly managed and the enemy army was finally crushed. The battles in this game are really quite spectacular and unlike anything I have seen in the past.The game has a mix of campaign map strategy  (army movement, recruiting, building, levelling and equipping heroes, diplomacy) and real time tactical battles. It has a nice atmosphere, good graphics on a 2K monitor, soothing music, attractive artwork and a decent story.But there are some issues: Interface and controls are less than intuitive Steep learning curve There seems to be a meta for the path to victory, you cannot simply conquer the world with the flag of your empire and deviating from that meta seems to lead you into the kind of trouble I am currently having You can't go exploring everywhere you like because trespassing on foreign soil causes diplomatic penalties and getting involved in too many wars will get overwhelming. this limits replayability and I do not think this game will be the one that takes over your life for the next few years Auto-resolve battles seems to give the player easy wins if there is a numerical advantage when normally you cannot beat those troops with your limited skill and troop composition. I must confess I cheesed a few human vs beastmen battles because I was down to my last army and gold. So either you feel like a cheater for using autoresolve or a failure for losing all your battles against beastmen... Sieges: if you siege a town while there is a big army garrisoned there they will be trapped and if you wait long enough they will run out of food and die or disband progressively and surrender when down to 0 or you can choose to attack when they have less than 50% health for an easy win! Seems the siege AI is not as good as the regular battles AI that is efficient and merciless and brutal. The red shell issue was not cool at all, when you buy a game you do not want telemetry or anything that invades your privacy or slows down your computer. It seems to be resolved. Or is it? How many of you guys are currently using windows 10? This game is not for people who are easily frustratedBut  I must give this game the thumbs up because after 40 hours I am still having fun despite having no prior knowledge of the warhammer lore or total war games. It is well made eye candy and the tactical battles are quite a show, some youtubers just make cinematic battle videos for the fun of it. At 75% off  current sale price it is less than a movie ticket or restaurant meal and much more satisfying. And no microtransactions or obvious bugs. (at least for new players) 
Graufang	Not Recommended	129.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198010077548/	Contains spyware (red shell). I'm sure they will use other spyware in future like all companies do ,but I will not buy any more games from a company, which disrespects her customers
Graufang	Not Recommended	129.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198010077548/	Contains spyware (red shell). I'm sure they will use other spyware in future like all companies do ,but I will not buy any more games from a company, which disrespects her customers
Explorer	Recommended	95.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198031486819/	I didn't know the "Total War" franchise until yesterday that I bought "Empire"I liked it so much, I decided to buy Warhammer...Wow... I didn't know it plays a lot like: "Heroes (OM&M) + Civilization" Now it's one of my favorite games!... The DLC adds factions (mostly),but a single campaign takes HOURS to complete, so, the base game is still very large.You can even play Skirmish battles vs. A.I. or with Humans.BUY it if you like strategy games! :D
Solarmonkee	Recommended	162.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Hobowithapogo/	Really fun game!I've spent enough time on this game to tell you it's worth the money. If you like strategy games and fantasy battles this is the game for you. While I am totally against getting the DLC, the base-game is still really fun, It is upsetting that if you don't want DLC you cannot get elves, beastmen, etc. But it is worth it. There's nothing like raising a marauding army of Greenskins and sending them north to utterly decimate the dwarf kingdoms and the empire and maybe backstab your allies to lay claim to all of the old world.Pros:+ Addictively Fun+ Great if you love strategy games+ If you like the Warhammer Universe you'll most likely love it unless your favourite races are DLC+ Satisfying to completely decimate entire nations.+ Great mod support - personal favourite is a mod that allows you to conquer and occupy all settlements.+ If you like Total War games you will most likely enjoy it.+ Great for people who enjoy a game you sink a lot of time into.Cons:- DLC - The DLC costs more than the base game. This is awful, quite a money-grab if I'm honest.- Frustrating, it can be very frustrating if you fully build up a town to have it stolen or razed and all the effort for nothing.- Quest battles cannot be auto resolved, quite frustrating for me as I have to auto resolve battles because my potato PC cannot run the actual battles very well.- Chaos! In my opinion the chaos event in-game happens WAY to quickly. Warning Spoiler:  A few top-tier armies spawn in the chaos wastes (Usually doesn't affect you much if you're Greenskins or Dwarfs) But at the time that they spawn you usually cannot hope to best them. I had to work on allying every single faction on the map except norsca, because my vampiric corruption would not allow me to expand to fight them. All in all, I love the game. It's a game I can sink a lot of time into and can enjoy it, I can't say that for a lot of games! My only real problem with it is the DLC and I desperately hope that a GOTY edition is released at some point.
austin2_tswsm	Recommended	468.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198003111243/	Updated to the bottom of review.Got home today and waited for the upload of the hotfix. Once done I embraced my darker side and started a Vampire counts campaign.19 turns in and all but shcwartzhafen is under my sway with a solid foundation of cities in Eastern Sylvania.Mannfred has immersed himself in the Lore of Death, and has acquired the Sword of Unholy Power from it's resting place.Now let the feeble minded cattle of Stirland quake, for the Dark counts of Sylvania ride again.10/10Update 14/6/16During the 3 weeks or so that I have had the game I have now had the opportunity to play all the races in campaign.Vampires - quite hard to build outwards due to vampiric corruption, but a good challenge. Stirland is under my sway and now I consolidate waiting for the next moment to strike.Dwarfs - rather easy campaign on normal. with the help of the humans numbers was able to crush chaos after obliterating the orcish tribes south of blackfire pass and all through the World's Edge mountains. Karak Ankor lives again.Empire - Still playing through as Karl Franz. Both the Empire and Dwarfs find it easier to expand due to confedeartion mechanics. Archaon has been sent packing once and has returned. Once Karl wields Ghal Maraz I shall march north and destroy the chaos threat once and for all.Orcs - Waagh Azhag is progressing nicely, however it can be difficult to maintain momentum North. However Karaz-a-Karak lays within my hands and the Dwarf empire is in even more tatters than before. Throgrim has been sent packing and only now rears his face. The crown whispers to me, and I shall obey.Out of charcter - 11/10 review. Love the game, enjoy the tactical side and building settlements. I will try it on hard next time and see if I can truly challenge myself.Only gripe - quest battles. Hard to get through all the item battles before the end of the game as they're always further and further away.But that one gripe is not enough to spoil the game in any way.Love it Love it Love it!If you liked Warhammer in the last 30 years - buy this game.Update 26/07/16Keeping this review updated as I feel it helps others.As of now, I have completed the Empire, Dwarf and VC campaigns.Of all of them, the VC campaign I feel I played the slowest, but finally managed to wipe the Empire from the map, whilst contending with the Chaos threat.The corruption mechanic does make the game more difficult for the VC, especially in the early phases. I also made a mistake going round the south part of the map, eliminating the Border Princes before wiping out Estalia, Tilea and Bretonnia with Mannfred leading the charge.Just Chaos to complete, a far different proposition but a challenging one.On the DLC, I feel that it is worth it, I will be pre-purchasing soon, but before I will be revisiting the Dwarfs to try and improve my last performance (it was my first campaign) in terms of speed, before diving into the Beastmen next week.All I can continue to say is how great this game is and how much fun it is to play, and the DLC seems to be a continuous stream of new content.Still 11/10 and a brilliant investment. If you wait for a sale in December, I'd go as far as  15/10 because you will get it at a steal, but I know I wouldn't be able to wait that long!UPDATE01/03/17Felt compelled to update the review of this game to help the numbers of positive reviews.I just took a look at 10-15 of the most recent negative reviews - with laughable reactions.one chap was dissapointed there were no dark elves, because he didn't check before hand.Many complain about DLC, where the only DLC i've had issues with is Beastmen, rest have been brilliant and bundled with FLC as well.Only about 1 mentioned the gameplay in any way. Those on the fence, ignore many of these people. The game is brilliant, lots of fun if you enjoy warhammer, and still, with all DLC, cheaper than investing in a real modelled army.They also just dropped a complete overhaul of Bretronnia and a free LL for vamps, all free.Enjoying my time at the moment pretending to be a virtuous knightly king of old. Enjoying the new races and how the balance of the map changes everytime a new faction starts.Enjoy this game, it's now going to be on sale more regularly, and also make sure to pick up a few bits of DLC - I recommend Chaos and Wood elves.
thanos car thanos car	Recommended	14.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/lewis182xD/	Not really sure what all the fuss about the black screen bug when you launch the game, it was a simple fix, check your firewall settings, verify cache or launch in offline, ( I got the game on release and that happened, I just had top launch in offline)That's what 90% of the downvotes are.
†Python-Regius†	Not Recommended	153.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198070781219/	Pros: No stupid squalor debuff anymoreCons: get 4 factions for free pay for every single other including chaos who was supposed to be included day 1Overall: Dont buy until the game is 20 bucks and you can actually get the DLCs all at once
madmike31	Recommended	133.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198045674887/	I was worried about getting this game at first, but its turning out to be really enjoyable. Many negative reviews are about start up problems and are not fair evaluations of the game. Im not saying the game is perfect but its a step in the right direction for the total war series.
RiSm	Not Recommended	38.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197977409923/	Boring limited quest mode if im honest.Battles are meh at best, seems to be the biggest blob wins rather than tactics.More importantly the DLC situation is disgusting, it would not surprise me if lizardmen were already programmed and modelled before the actual game launch, and theyve just held off a few weeks to release it as DLC. this money grabbing era needs to end.
FantasyFreak_UK	Recommended	111.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197985072747/	Genre - Turn Based Fantasy StrategyI was a massive Warhammer fan back in the mid 90s but haven't been able to get into the tabletop significantly since. I played Shogun Total War a lot back in the day but haven't got into any Total War games until this one.I got this game on pre-order with the free Chaos expansion. I played through the Dwarf campaign on easy and no mods, managing to earn a win after a lengthy session. Then I tried the Chaos and Beastmen achieving campaign wins with both and having fun on the way. I only fought the odd battle auto resolving most due to the limited time I have to play games nowadays (I miss being a student so much).Since then I have tried running unsuccessful campaigns as the Empire and Vampire Counts due to what I think was an OP Chaos invasion with powerful armies and the norse types becoming automatic vassals attacking from all sides that was restricting my ability to capture enough cities for a win. This I admit led to a few rage quits.I have since experimented with mods and found one that disables the chaos invasion. Now I have played through with all three other races and had a great time dominating the map.I have also tried a few co-op campaigns, these have been fun and although the objectives are basic you get to try out some interesting alliances. The main problem I have here is coinciding the time to play.The various races have there own unique objectives and through the free and paid DLC you can get more races, factions and units. These can be used in all your Grand Campaign games to add more variety. I know some people don't like paid DLC but with each one I have got so far (exc. the blood pack) I have felt they are value for money and give significant added enjoyment to the game. There are loads of free community mods that allow you play the game the way that you want, without paying extra money too.I think it is just a shame that it feels the main story of the campaign of the Chaos Invasion was not thoroughly play tested for balance across all the races. Without it you are able to have some great sandbox Warhammer themed fun though.
[WOLF]Diplomatt	Recommended	717.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198019070908/	I had no interest in the Warhammer lore before going into this but I was a life long Total War fan so I got it anyway.The battle mechanics are very refreshing and the campaign is great fun. The standout feature is the diversity between factions both visually and with game mechanics that keep it fresh. The devs give excellent support and the game is only going to keep growing. It may be a little DLC heavy but for me its definitely worth it for the time I invest. The base game adds DLC races as non-playable factions anyway so you really only need to buy what you specifically want to play, the vanilla experience is pretty complete.My only criticisms would be lack of sophisticated multiplayer features and balance could be improved but the experience improves with the regular patches and I am very optimistic about the future.
dorn's angry boi	Not Recommended	37.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198054729164/	I adore total war, but CA's marketing scheme is just unacceptable, like I have to pay £14 for a race that should have been in the game. If they intend to pull this♥♥♥♥♥♥then they could have the decency of not charging full ♥♥♥♥ing price for the game, i want a full game, not a game where you have to pay extra to get the complete experience
RyeCTV	Recommended	198.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198030446340/	Great Game
Big Wet	Recommended	135.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/BANGNAWWWH/	Pretty great so far. AI is much more challenging, units look great, runs great and really has the Warhammer feel. I think this is the Warhammer game we have all been waiting for.Only issue I have so far is one crash when I tried to start as VC and very long loading screen times.
Shadowfael	Not Recommended	424.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198024048782/	Great base game. Absolutely worth it. Also completely agree with the outrage against the DLC pricing, especially for just one race. Would love to buy more, but at this price....think again. If you support pricing at this level, the final (complete) game will end up costing you $150-$200.
tfoe	Not Recommended	183.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198076653072/	How to start this...First of all i loved this game, i really enjoyed playing it even though i'm not that good at it if i were to be honest. (I have difficulties winning on easy, should show how bad i am haha)So basically i really like this game even tho i'm bad at it, why do i like it?- It's a pretty good looking game which is nice with gamestyle-It has some interesting things such as the heroes and artifacts ect.-A big variety of unitsThere are alot of things i dislike tho, i probably dislike more things than i like about the game.-First of all the siege battles have made me feel bad, what is this? A joke? Is this even considered a siege battle? It's basically one wall, you just put everything you own on that wall and voilà, it's done nice defense i rate 5/7. I want my villages again where you can simple surround it and than totally annihilate the village.-This is the biggest thing that bugs people in this game: the dlc's. I didn't really mind paying the blood& gore dlc since they actually had a pretty valid reason to not release it on the start of the game. (This basically allowed them to lower the required age to play the game thus having a 'larger' audience) What bugs me in this 'dlc game' is the fact that they're asking 17 euro's for the new dlc that adds a mini campaign and a new faction. I really would love to enjoy that faction as i find these concepts awesome but the price is quite high for a student like me.-The workshop has some guys doing awesome work, they have in total probably released more units than CA in their whole game. And guess what? These units are way more interesting than the basic vanilla units, i don't even bother building the basic units anymore since they're so 'boring'. There are even some mods bringing back stances for all the vanilla units, if some guy in the workshop can do it how come CA couldn't implement that? It's quite stupid that some couple of shielded spearman can't even form a decent formation.Basically i really love this game and i will probably still play it way more in the future but only beacuse the modding community is awesome for this game, if it were for the standard game it'd be bored a long time ago.I would love to recommend this game to you but if i were you i'd wait for a nice sale that chunks a bit of the 'high' price away and makes you buy everything for under 50 euro's if that's possible.
BMATS	Recommended	57.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198171239697/	Decisive Victories are a must and fight fast on the strategic map to gain towns/independents quick.  Enjoy.  Try All the races.  :)
Krewal	Not Recommended	72.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197974707358/	I easily got over 1k hours on rome 1, over 700h on rome 2, countless on medival (especially mods) + some shogun and attila. Guys trust me, I'm Towal War games veteran. Sorry CA. This time around you f***** up. It started with Attila and ended up on the game that I gave only 19 hours cause it is so BORING, UNFINISHED, UNBALANCED, MONOTONOUS and REPETABLE. Shame on you, all that for $60. And now you try to give me all these dlc's like they should not be included into the main game (4 nations - are you ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ me????)This is my first comment on steam and there is a reason behind it - it really had to hit me hard until I decided to write down a comment. If you are new to the series - buy rome 2 which is much better and got great modding teams with already developed projects. Do not waste your money for this game until 1year or 2 pass and we get some great mods that will make it playable. Right at the moment they should be shi* on for their policy. I hope next game sells below any reasonable numbers cause they deserve it so badly.
MistahWolfe	Not Recommended	385.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/wolfe92/	ATTENTION! MY RESONS FOR NOT RECCOMENDING THIS GAME HAVE TO DO WITH THE ABSURD DLC POLICIES. READ THE REVIEW IF THAT DOESNT CONCERN YOUThe GOOOOD1.) The main factions are all unique and play very differently. and i have noticed very few balance issues.2.) the map is gorgeous, if a little small3.)The new siege battles are intense, quick, and can be challenging.4.) the legendary lords work out beautifully5.) EASILY THE BEST LAUNCH CA HAS HAD IN YEARS. No game breaking glitches, no crazy OP units, good job teamThe BAAAAAAADMost of the issues i have revolve around them trying to fix past mistakes1.) In the past, balance issues have always been a problem. so, in this game the 5 (soon to be six) factions are all done really really well: at the cost of all the minor factions just being copy-pasted verisons of the main ones. doesnt really make sense2.) Small city battles had a tendancy to get dull and repetative, due to the small number of MAPS for the small city battles. So the best fix for that would be to make a larger variety of maps, yes? NOT ACCORDING TO CA. They decided to get rid of small city battles altogether, meaning that you'll be fight out in the OPEN. This basically invalidates the garrisons for small cities. Not much point fighting when you cant tactically deploy. As such, you might as well auto-resolve, save you some time3.) again, in response to naval battles not ever beingreal good, they simply go back to the medival 2 style, of forced autoresolvesThe rest of the issues are only concerning if they dont make an effort to fix them. Leaving to reason i cannot reccomend this game: 4.) Cereative assembly is charging absurd prices already for Downloadable content. The Call of the Beastmen expansion adds a new faction to the game. Thats it: It adds everything that a new complete faction would need. And they decided to charge you 19 dollars for this. THAT MAKES THIS FACTION MORE THEN DOUBLE THE COST OF ANY OTHER FACTION. Case in point? Chaos Warriors are 8 bucks. They expect you to pay a THIRD of the price the FULL GAME was, for ONE faction. As such, i cannot in good conscience reccomend Total War Warhammer.
Hashbeth	Recommended	83.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198007404195/	Extremely fun.Manages to Capture the Warhammer aesthaetic while keeping the best part of total war battle commands.The battle are extremely interesting with the addition of powers and more prominent role of morale.An ineresting take, but quite effective. I absolutely recommend it for any fan of total war games, warhammer, warhammer 40k, or really any fantasy styled strategy game.
ragdoll665	Recommended	114.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198086724508/	Welcome to Warhammer.So first off this game has been no stranger to contoversy, from spyware, paid blood DLC, and a day 1 faction requiring pre order the developers have angred a lot of people. HOWEVER!For people who love fantasy, warhammer, and or strategy games this game is fantastic especially if you get it on sale.The main draw is the unique races in game who play very diffrent to one another unlike previous total war games were most units are just stat swaps. To CA's credit every faction is in the game whether you buy them or not so you can play against them first and purhcase them later if you like the look of them. Also if you later purchase both Total war 1 and 2 (WARHAMMER) you can play a unique campaign featuring all the factions on a single map which is a lot of fun but with long long load times if you have an SSD you might want to use it. Theres also a lot of mods on the Workshop which are fantastic some are small like unit changes others are full game overhauls which make the game play completely different so credit to the community for all its hard work. There is also a decent amount of free DLC for the game out including new units wizards and a beefed up bretonia.THE FACTIONSThe  Empire, humans with a thing for guns and lots of them, One of the easier factions to learn but with a lot of unit types allowing for all sorts of cheese, But the main draw is artilery NOTHING is more satisfying that having guns lines of hellblaster cannons and steam tanks wiping out hunderds of charging foes whilst your motors rain death from above. Having explosive machine guns in a fantasy setting might seem unfair but someones got to stop Chaos from killing warhammer fantasy.Dwarfs, Stubborn and ill tempred dwarfs have a unique mechanic in the book a grudges a big old book filled with every thing anyone has ever done that offended a dwarf (a suprisingly easy feat), you though elephants had long memories. They make up the deffensive army of the game with very expensive untis but massive amounts of armour, even there archers can hold there own in melee, But dwarfs taught the empire how to artillary so late game expect helicopters flame throwers and most importantly of all ORGAN GUNS. Just sip mighlty from your handy keg of ale as you laugh at all those grudges the other factions have acrude, next time don't anger the dwarfs.Vampire counts- Not those whiney baby vampire either, ohhh no these are the real deal, Vampire Counts have no ranged units, None, Nada, Vip but make up for it in sheer numbers. The main advantages of the vampire counts is there ability to rapidly replenish losses and field insane amounts of fodded units for very little cost. On the overmap if a vampire is within the same province as a massive battle site (even if you didnt take part) you can instantly raise an army for a cost, the more elite units that died the better units you can recruit such as Ghosts who are annoying to kill (funny that) to GAINT BATS who cause terror and tear through enemy lines. Oh did i mention they dont use leadership? unless a unti is losing a fight really badly or your lord is killed these guns will not run proper management of your units can make the enemy have to fight you to the last corpse. A very fun faction don't let the lack of ranged units turn you off and be mindfull of crumbling your entire army and spread the glorious vampire corruption everywere to annoy the hell out of your enemys.Greenskins, WE DA BIGGEST HARDEST GITS IN ALL THE LAND WAAAAAGGGGHHH. *Cough* i mean Orks and gobbos. they play as the "savage" army focusing on raiding your enemys and always fighting. They get some ranged units and artilery but that really isnt there main focus, its mobility and melee. Were as vampire try to overwhelm you with sheer numbers and a handfull of elite units orks are tough as nails and are dangerous in melee whilst goblins are fraidy cats but dirt cheap and when buffed can become a true force to be reaconned with. To aid with this they all have a number of dangerous monstrous creatures they can field from squiggs, Giants AND SPIDERS. Your main goal with these boys is to always be fighting as your army has an fightiness meter, if it gets to low they fight eachother get it high enough and more orcs with join you and you can use them as meatshields i mean first wave them against all your enemys guns. Another fun faction with some of the most personality in the game there manys fan favourite for a reason.Bretonians, Technicaly not the 5th race as of launch they started as a minor faction with miniumum units you could play with in multiplayer however later got new units, buffs and hey presto the Neckbeards of the fantasy universe are fully playable. Brets are a mix of The king arthur stories, the french and Rohan for LoTR, these guys are very heavily calvary based with some of the only Flying calv in the game ( Other armys get heroes on pegasi but these guys get full units of them). On the overworld they rely on Chivelry and peasants. Chivelry is all about being good to your friends and not being a♥♥♥♥♥♥ high levels give you benefits low levels debuffs while peasants are the backbone of your economy. Peasants in bretonia are terrible but cheap however if your field a lot of them then theres no one left to man the fields to make you money it becomes a trade off for bodies or economy though later on you can easily field large armys no worries or simply have a ful 20 stack of calv. If you like Calv you'll like these guys if not then not so much. Still a nice addition as they were added for free.Chaos, Ok so these guys♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥a lot of people off at launch which im not going to get into but they are the first Paid DLC faction. Chaos don't use citys they instead have warbands basicly your army can camp and build buildings are then pack them up and move which is cool but as a result you can't take over citys only raise them to the ground or if there norse (Even angrier Vikings) you can make them fight as your ally. Early game can be tricky balancing have a large enough army to overwhelm large citys for money and not having to many units that you cant afford to pay them all and you go bankrupt. These guys are very melee focused with some archer units and horse archers aswell as massive monsters but there bread and butter is chaos warriors and Chosen Very powerfull melee units with high armour. They also use corruption like vampires to weaken enemies. The main complaint is that without a Mod (Steel Faith) you cannot dedicate your armys to the chaos gods which is a BIG thing in lore which even norse can do. Fun but tricky to get the hang of, If you like tall dark and EVIL you'll love these guys. Side not One of the lords is a gaint Dragon-Man-Centaur which is rad and one of the others loves his illitaration (Check out silgards Army dialogue on youtube you slithering succulent simpletons of slanesh) WARNING DO NOT PLAY IF YOU LIKE BRETONIANS OR TOMB KINGS (SEE END TIMES)Norse, ANGRY VIKINGS (Paid DLC army) play as a mix between chaos and the more standard armys. You can take over towns and don't use warcamps. The main draw of these guys is MONSTERS (And chaos allignment) These guy can hunt mosters  in unique qs then use them in battle. Oh dear the empire boarded our ships what ever shall we ....UNLEASH ALL 19 MAMOTHS FROM THE HOLD MUAHAHAHAH. In terms of aliignment you can make the choice to support one of 4 chaos gods and recive benefits from them however doing so will♥♥♥♥♥♥of the other 3 and they might send their champoins to kill you, Haven't played a huge amount of them but play close to chaos that if you don't like chaos you may like them or vice versa. Oh did i mention warewolfs cause they have a lot fo them.+Tree Elves and Actual Trees as well as furrier Chaos warriors both of which are more expensive factions you can buy each with its own campaign but for lack of space i won't talk about it here**BAD SPELLING ABOVE BE WARNED*
Panda	Not Recommended	49.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198007506693/	Firstly I don't think that this is necessarily a bad game, however from playing total war games since I can remember i'm a little underwhelmed by this installment.It seems like Total War games are moving away from empire building into a more combat focused game. There is very little to do other than fight in these games (granted the game is called total war), whereas in the previous games you felt a little more control over your empire.I think my biggest gripe is still the inability to build more than 6 buildings in the biggest settlements and then only once you have maxed out the town size, in your faction capital would you really only expect to have 6 useful buildings!?Main Pros / Cons IMO;+ Unit rosters are initially fun to experiement with+ Graphics are an improvment on previous game+ Maps look more imaginative + General / Lord tech trees / skills & armor are a welcome addition- After a few hours rosters become limited- No small settlement battles?!- Very little ability to micromanage your faction, very combat focused- Seem to have missed out plenty of elements that made previous games good (naval battles for a start)I'd reccomend it to anyone who hasn't played total war before, but will be spending more time on Rome 2 than this in the future. Shame.
Jylezmcgee1	Not Recommended	265.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198023604253/	$17 for a one race, once again the total war series wants to butt♥♥♥♥ every fan.....
Supa_Kappa	Not Recommended	12.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/supa_kappa/	Sega just doesn't listen. $20 for a race is get the ♥♥♥♥ out ridiculous. I can buy better games for that much.
Werteros	Not Recommended	82.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/werteros/	♥♥♥♥ your dlc policy
Chris Rude	Recommended	60.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198025095893/	Great overall strategy game. Campaign is amazing. For me it feels like a perfect cross between Civilisation, Heroes of Might & Magic and of course Warhammer.I used to love HOMM, and this feel like putting HOMM on steroids. Great great game.Only downsides are : - DLC policy and pricing ... steep. Get on sale :P on the flipside you'll easily sing 10s if not 100s of hours into this if you're into this type of strategies.- Norsca is really OP, and campain on normal is INCREDIBLY HARD! If you get frustrated that you get obliterated after 10 or 20 hours ... do yourself a favour and start on easy. Playing empire with Norsca attacking is just insanely hard.It's a deep and hard strategy, but also fun and rewarding. Watching shock cav charging through enemies never gets old ...
Capt. Pepo	Recommended	288.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198042854945/	Unbelievably awesome addition to the total war franchise. Makes me want to start playing table top again. One gripe is the combat mechanics of some of the races. Played as dwarves and green skins so far. Dwarves need some balancing because of their inability to deal with mob armies. Looking forward to playing as the other races and hoping for high elves in an expansion.
Chancellor Chew	Recommended	164.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/agandhjinNO/	At 116 hours at the time of this review, I feel I can recommend this game. Both to fans of the TW-series, as well as Warhammer fans who miss ye good olde days of fantasy. Game runs smooth, is stuffed to the brim with content, and is generally quite enjoyable and frustrating at the same time. The continious adding of content through DLC and FLCs just adds to my enjoyment of the game. A myriad of mods of various quality being available makes the game even more fun. Quality and stability of some of these can be an issue, but it's mostly solved by disabling them again. All in all; 8/10, would buy again
Bozz 💀	Not Recommended	43.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198032779024/	I was very excited about this game because I love TW games since first shogun came out and I love the warhammer universe, but this game really felt unfinished for me... and CA is keeping on his shameful DLC politic... here it is even getting a lot worse because a lot of people have the feeling that the game is sold in multiple pieces that will be sold for 15-20$This Review is based on a 35 hour campaign played as the Empire and won on Very hard Difficulty after conquering the whole map and killing every other faction.Pros:- The game is running very well and graphics are great, to me one of the most optimized games that came out this year. maybe they finally learnt something after ROME 2.- Units are looking great !- the Green skins are amazing, I love the voice acting.- Battles are fun to watch- Great race diversity... but only 4 Races.- AI is better ! both in campaign map and tactical fights.CONS- The Campaign gameplay is extremely simplified, there is not much to do to run your empire, you don't have to manage food or anything else just build the same buildings to max out your provinces, I never got any rebellion so after 50 turns you don't even bother anymorez about managing anything you just build the same buildings everywhere and that's it.- The campaign map is small and uninspired- No more minor settlement battles.- Every siege battle is the same, only one city per race.... and you can only attack from one direction...- The northman don't even have settlement maps, they can't fortify their stance or anything, it's always a normal battle with them.- Only 4 races in base game (5 with chaos which I got with preorder), They all play very different and that is great but you find yourself fighting the same units over and over again and some factions get their♥♥♥♥♥kicked too fast so you won't even encounter them (I'm looking at you greenskins)- Battles are way too fast !!! you can't even appreciate them, the time you issue your orders the battle is almost over..- The heroe units are too OP, they can kill hunderds of ennemies and they take forever to kill once I chased an ennemy lord for 10 fast foreward minutes (he was routed) with my whole army..that is absolutely not accurate with the Warhammer universe.Those OP heroes are making the game too easy because most of time AI is using them very badly and after they lost their lords it's easy to defeat their army but if they use them well you can get some crazy fights- even with 30 settlements you can only field like 6-7 armies so it's very easy to conquer the AI territory very fast because they can't protect al their territory with so few armies, in the 10 first turns of a big war I usually take immediatly a few settlements before starting to destroy their armies.- Game feels very incomplete, a lot of features present in other TW are absent in this one, less army options (no more fortify) less maps, less sieges battle options, less settlement improvements... less factions, less units but game is still sold for 60$- CA's shemeful DLC politic, it was already very bad in Attila TW I though thay they may improve it in the futur after the bad user reviews for attila but now it's even worse- the blood and gore DLC still not included in the base game... they sell one for every game they release, I know it's just a few $ but still...-Chaos needs balancing, they can't just rush on everyone, it makes them too easy to kill, I never felt threatened by them, and defeated them very easily, you just need to secure your borders with the other factions and once chaos is invading the north you send 2-3 armies their and defeat theirs one by one...
More like MeNUT	Recommended	284.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/weewooweaboo/	This game is a great time for both vets and newcomers to the total war franchise. To keep things concise, the fantasy setting really lends itself well to the total war franchise as a whole allowing for lots of creative units (Based off of Games Workshops' Warhammer Fantasy Battle) and a new fresh world to campaign across. The map is nice sized for a vanilla game, the units are extremely varied and fun, each faction is very unique and the game is beautiful and much more optimized than Rome2/Attila. The one downside is the lack of statesmanship leaves much to be desired. Building chains are more varied than Rome2 but adjusting taxation and a few other intricacies have been dropped hoping to be added at a later date. Diplomacy is the same as it's been just a tiny bit more robust with options like confederations. Overall I give the game a 9/10, losing a point for lack of deep statesmenship that can be fixed a later point in time.
Padpaw	Not Recommended	231.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198006216948/	Feels like the base of a great game is there but overall it has the strategic depth of a puddle.   If you enjoy deep strategy games this is not for you.I do admit they got the warhammer lore down perfectly in my opinion.  But sadly that does not make the game good.Units no longer have stances or various abilities you would expect them to.  cavalry don't have formations, units with shields cannot go into a shiedwall formation etc.Your armies basically mob each other in combat 2 masses pushing against each other.  I noticed alot tend to end up not fighting at all just stuck at the back their turn to fight when those in fromt of them die.Think AC enemies waiting their turn to fight 1 vs 1To sum it up this game has been overly simplified to the point I did not find it fun, and wish I had bought doom instead.  I expected that to be mindless fun not a good strategy game with depthEdit for october 14th:My game updated today and now it is unplayable.  Everytime I fight a battle the game crashes at the battles end.  I have gone through roughly 20 game crashes this way, all in the same day since the update.  I have never had my game crash in the 5 months leading up to this point.  autoresolving does not make the game crash but what is the point of this game if I cannot fight battles?  Whatever this update did it broke my game.  From what I have seen on the tech part of the forums I am not the only one.
s.ulli	Not Recommended	131.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198104457135/	Half the game is locked because of the DLCs : /
SushiBarker	Recommended	774.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198089866205/	To everyone complaining about the DLC ask yourself, is the game still balls fun without it? the answer is still hell yes. Do I like the dlc and is it worth the price? Maybe but CA still gives you a TON of free content so stop the crying.
sie42	Recommended	29.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/sie42/	Stunning. Total War mechanics + Warhammer Universe is a definite win. Now if only they could release a 40k version.The DLC thing does feel greedy, with them charging for things that should have been in the initial release (blood spatter) and basically waving it in your face that you don't get to play the majority of the races until you pay the full price of the game, again. But I've had so much fun I've got to give it a thumbs up
Dethos	Recommended	2.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/dethosfin/	A faithful adaptation of one of the masters of classic tabletop games, falling just short on capturing the atmosphere of a game night with your buddies along with beer :)
Radovid	Recommended	232.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198047977076/	I tink' dis' game iz pretty gud after playin' da Greenskins for so long i tink itz startin' ta change da way iz speakin. Mork and Gork be praised when searchin the workshop a cheeky git mod goblin made da great mod dat lets me take any of those stinkin man-flesh houses and make dem into big stinkier Greenskin hordez. Da mighty Waaagggghhhhh! iz comin for da old world! WAAAGGGHHHH!!!
Mitsurugi	Recommended	558.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198125180277/	Fought Chaos marauders and Vampire count zombies in the frozen planes as the Empire. 10/10 would simulate Game of thrones again.
demon90k	Recommended	25.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/demon90k/	I haven't played Total War since Shogun.  This fantasy hybrid was a welcomed excuse to reinvest into the franchise.I can honestly say its a very impressive and enjoyable experience.  If I was to criticise two things it would be some of the frame rate drops (Possibly memory leaks) and the tutorial system.Other than those minor things, its been an amazing experience and would recommend to anyone who feels engaged with strategy games.
PTimmers	Recommended	358.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197982860846/	I've been a fan of the Total War franchise since the original Shogun and this release so far exceeds my expectations. If you've played any of the Total War titles before, this one is going be very familiar, with a few changes to fit the title into a fantasy world.The game comes with four distinct race/factions, each one playing different than the rest. Although this could create a wide variety of race balance issues, so far it has not. I started my first game with the Empire ( human ) faction, proceeding into it about 75 turns before realizing strategically, I wasn't going in the right direction. The great thing about the game is that you can go in any direction that you want, however it "encourages" you through goals and quests along a rough path to victory. I decided to start over, changing my tactics and strategy and did a little better.I've also started games with the greenskins ( orcs/goblins ) and the vampire counts ( undead ) achieving the intial goals of establishing myself in my home province. A great thing about each faction is that you feel totally immersed within it. The orcs are warriors big on warring with everyone, and the undead have a mystical, dark magical property. You'll either find a favorite or do as I'm doing, play around with each race. Unlike previous titles, choosing a faction is far more than just getting a different set of units.The battlefield mini-game has perfected itself over the years and you'll find the A.I. is very good at tactics, leaving very little room for error. Unlike you, who can be distracted at one end of the field and miss something on the other, the A.I. is almost too good at tactical combat. Fortunately, you can pause or move time slowly to allow you to have better control. If you're a good tactical general, you can overcome odds and win.Since I just got the game this weekend and haven't gotten too far down the technology tree, I can't say yet how the end game units look or operate. I can only say, so far so good. The game runs nice and clean without any bugs encountered yet. The learning curve is nice and easy. Choose the right difficulty level and you'll feel challenged but not overwhelmed. Having said that, the game may be hard for younger players. I'd say 13+ would do fine with it.So in summary, its a great game so far with no signs of turning South, and well worth the money.edit - OK I'm in the mid-game now playing the vampire lords. So far, still fun! The Chaos Lords are a real pain though. Think of them as an "end of the level boss" you have to beat down in order to keep going. It does add a twist and makes the game as a whole more interesting. I'm just hoping I can defeat them utterly and be able to move on.Also on a side note, I did start the dwarf faction and found them not to be easy at all to get started. Unlike other factions, while you're trying to dominate the neighboring dwarves, your sworn enemies the Orcs will severely dampen your ability to do this. The easiest faction to start out with is the Empire.
Fororn	Recommended	467.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198131530916/	Seriously good game if your into strategy, real time battles really help to improve your decision making in other games aas well as this one. If you want a game where you can play for ages and not get bored this is the one for you. Seriously dont bye anything else until you get this game.
myjy	Not Recommended	192.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197990830644/	I have to say out of 140 hours played i waited a long time to review this. Ive had every total war including the first one and its also my last. They just dont do a good job optimizing the game. I can only speak from my experiences ,despite the fact theres plenty of complaints online, ill state mine below.My specs fx 8320 @ 4.3ghz8gb ddr 3 1666rx 480 @1288 8gbvramWindows 10I have 0 issues playing any AAA game i own on max settings great fps.This game even in meidum settings with a lotof things turned off im lucky if im in the 40fps range in battles. and thats dx11dx12 is completely broken for me. Ive actually reinstalled windows and other things to see if maybe it was on my end and it wasnt. point blank the game runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥ If youre an amd user i DO NOT reccomend getting this game. You need to good intel cpu to run this the game is just way to cpu intensive. Its also terrible optimization. All Twar games have been that way and everytime a new one comes out i hope "maybe this one is the one!" NOPE. Everytime im also wrong. Its a shame, they should really stop pumping out DLC and fix the game thats broken first. Im very disaapointed in CA and this is 100% my last game im getting from them. My review is MY REVIEW. I strongly reccommend looking all of the web for info on performance for this game before buying, Also they are ALL ABOUT the DLCS. They are expensive to. Seriously i refuse to support this.ps. I think out of the 140 hours played, 90 of them are playing around with settings to see if i can do ANYTHING about it....NOTHING.
Protagoniste	Recommended	477.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197981952466/	Awesome game with tons of content. Multiplayer is very fun. The problems mentionned in the negative reviews are greatly exaggerated.
duckmussel	Recommended	702.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198306554861/	i loved the lore and liked the tabletop, and it was like a dream coming true when i heard that CA is making this game. and they did a great job with it, its really entertaining, had a high replayability value, there are all the time incoming DLCs keeping the game fresh, its a strong 8/10 for now, when the game will be filled with all remaining races im pretty sure it will get closer to a perfect 10. its a must have for warhammer fans and i strongly reccomend this game for anyone who like fantasy and/or total war games:)
[Zzzz]	Recommended	87.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198069644003/	sxci good game
DracoSpion	Recommended	115.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198040687769/	I'm new to the Warhammer genre and I never played the table top. But this is a great game and it is fun to play.
CMDR.XeoniX.	Recommended	800.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/xeoniix/	OMG This game is soooo ♥♥♥♥♥♥ great. I think this is far the best Total war, why CA didn't realease this sooner? It's just amazing.And the most important, the game is incrible optimized. Shogun 2, Rome 2, Attila show run like this game.CA and Game Workshp, awsome job!!! Congratz for this awsome game.Hope to receive lot of new content.
ObedRaptor	Not Recommended	31.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198055539689/	Another Total War game with hardly any free playable factions, which gets boring very quickly. With many DLC's being released at a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t price, which no one buys. What a pile of wank!
Barbarion	Recommended	1,494.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198053247958/	9/10 Great game, exceptional mod community. A must have if you are into fantasy / war strategy style of gameplay!
Burzakonis	Recommended	97.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198023903962/	I don't need a girlfriend anymore :>
Former LowPrio Winner	Recommended	288.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/tramilton/	"Let 'em tell da King. Da east belongs to da Orcs. Da east belongs to Morglum. Da east is green."For the base game of Total War: Warhammer you get 4 playable factions; The early imperial age Empire, the grudging Dwarfs, the corrupting necromancers of the Vampire Counts and the warmongering Greenskins.However in some month from now it will be 5 factions, as the feudal age themed Bretonnia will come as a free DLC faction.The base game I believe is worth 40 bucks in my opinion. Look around for sales and what not.A very fun strategy game watching and directing massive armies having a go at each other. As well as building up your empire in the Grand Campaign (the main focus of the game, online pvp is more focused on skirmishes but you can play co-op grand campaign).There are a few issues with the game. The game requires some power from your PC to work, so a toaster PC won't get much out of this game. But then so has all Total War games been with PCs of their release. This game however is fairly optimized and runs well on "mid range" computer. Just not with highest unit sizes and graphics.Sieges are another issue, the sieges in this game are not very exciting to deal with. There's a lack of ingenuity here and what we're given is like the very bare bones. I personally hope they will give us a "siege" update sometime down the line to give sieges their rightful level of epicness.Then there's the annoying "agent spam". In which on the world map the AI will send their armada of agents on your armies to kill units and try to assassinate your lords (those who lead armies).This however is simply fixed with a mod that stops aggressive agent actions.Which brings up another good thing, the mod community/steam workshop is great. There are plenty of mods there to use that makes the game look prettier, changes the AI more to your liking and even giving you new units (by modding current unit models, swapping parts around and so son) to play around with would the standard set of units not tickle your pickle enough. If you never done mods on steam before its as simple as it gets. Just click Subscribe on a mod you want to use and it's ready to go in like a second.Creative Assembly keeps improving their DLC with each release. All but Beastmen are well worth their money (Warriors of Chaos faction is currently feeling unrefined as of this review). Creative Assembly is also generous with the free content they give us that tends to come with each DLC release. So even if you don't buy DLC you will get something new anyways!I firmly put my trust in CA for this game, they prove again and again with all the shortcomings they've had that they are willing to give us, the community, the deals we want. The game will have a crap ton of DLC as well as 2 expansions that will expand the Grand Campaign map to cover the whole Warhammer Fantasy world (not counting other dimensions and that sorta stuff). With a little digging you can see all the stuff Creative wished to have in the game but had to be axed to meet deadline. Such as naval warfare and banners for units.I believe the earlier you join this game's life journey, the richer the experience will be for you as each time new content comes out there will be a new draft of fresh air. And you can look back at all the experiences you had, the days before X faction had Y units to deal with Z scenario and the like.It's a fantastic game and one I will surely play many years ahead. Just like with what I did with Medieval 2 Total War.
CrusAIDs	Recommended	92.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198066428276/	WAAAGH! WAAAGH! WAAAAAAAAAAGH!
