beebide ujumine	Recommended	10.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/lennuk911/	cool game, few bugs, game was too short and the game ended with a bang so basically there will be no updates?
Silver Sparkle _ (Poni)	Recommended	6.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/SilverSparkle/	Really fun and a great concept you dont really find other games like it. Just wish there was more houses and maybe another town or something i hope in the future they will add more to it for more replayabilty but apart from that this game is great.
Marcus	Recommended	6.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Ninjablade/	You aint gonna be blastin anyone or beating anyone up, but this game is suprisingly fun.  If you have completed the thieves guild in Oblivion, you will have an advantage.
-Nerf-Herder-	Recommended	7.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197973131538/	Early Release - Lots and lots of potentional. So far it has proved to be a very addictive and fun game to play. With the developer being active on the forum bugs are quickly squashed and new features added from community feedback usuall within a week or so, which is impressive.
Supraboosta	Recommended	8.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198374387160/	Great game. Had alot of fun playing this. Wish there was more to the story, but plenty of playability for $20 IMO. Would highly reccomend.
jankat_d	Not Recommended	15.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198171598489/	The story is way too short and items are very limited. Need improvements to worth it.
Mitternacht	Recommended	7.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198107981707/	Great game with very good polish and only the occassional bug. Rob houses, steal cars, sell your loot, buy upgrades, repeat. Wait till the tennants leave, or sneak around while they're home and steal you heart away.A surprinsgly enjoyable game with an interesting concept. Almsot like PayDay2 Stealth missions without the guns. If you enjoy being sneaking, planning the perfect robbery, packing your car with loot and making your escape, then this is the game for you. Or you could be a biding ciminal wanting to learn how to start becoming a great criminal mastermind. Either way, this has probalby got you covered. My only issue however, is how the police will automatically know where you are once called, and  the only ways to escape are to leave the map, or hide in a designated area. Plus, you can have your car full of loot sitting in front of the house you just robbed, make an escape on foot and your car surrounded by police will comehow teleport with you to the pawn shop. But, minor gripes aside, I've enjoyed my time with Thief Simulator and I highly recomend it.
PaukDaCauk	Recommended	10.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198105860642/	Amazing Game
Corbinho	Recommended	9.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Corbinho/	This game was suprisingly good and fun!The game starts you off slow but by the end you better have been taking notes because the final mission is pretty intense.Generally pretty simple stealth game if you planned ahead, but if you went balls to the wall and just ran in, good luck!I hope to see more added to the game because you can beat it rather fast in around 6-7 hours.10/10 would play again.
DJCam	Recommended	17.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Djcam/	Actually a fun game
Sammi	Recommended	1.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/legosmith/	Want to learn how to be a IRL theif? well this game isn't really for you but at least you can feel like a theif.This game's a surprisingly chill game (In my opinion) where you just stalk people, break in their homes and call everything valuable your own.
Trollychaun	Recommended	12.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Trollychaun/	It's good game, but way too little content as it only took 12h to 100%.
Tiger Gaming	Recommended	21.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198263188021/	Great game, however, I feel like it could be incredibly fun to design and rob custom houses (in a different gamemode because some people would just create houses with tons of loot).
glacialmind101	Not Recommended	1.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198059621922/	A thief simulator which simulates a world where a thief can not jump, where people never sleep, and spend most of their time peering out their window into their backyards.  If you live in a world where people are glued to the ground and slide around and where people never sleep and have nothing else to do but scan their yards then this is a very good simulation.  Since I live on earth however I judge it a poor simulation made by devs so incredibly lazy that they could not add jumping or climbing.  You are a thief and you can not climb a fence!  A picket fence which comes up to your waist presents an impassable barrier.  Meanwhile cops operate normally and when you are spotted enjoy being forced by this lazy game to walk right out the front gate to meet your pursuer as you can not jump the fence like any sane criminal would do.
Darth Woras	Recommended	9.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198243655728/	This isnt Dishonored quality of stealth and stealing, no way.Tho, the game cost a fraction of above mentioned, so dont be surprised.Lemme break it down to you.Pros:+ Okay variety of intrusion minigames - from picklocks to wires, software and drilling, cutting glass and cracking safes.+ Much stuff to steal - from TVs to antiques - tho big items are too much burden.+ You can drive  your own and steal cars.+ You can dismantle cars, jewelry or unlock devices+ NPCs have routes, when they are out and on what hours.+ Sensors, cameras and locks to obstruct your thievery+ Apart from stealing - you also get jobs to smash stuff up.+ Day and night cycle+ NPCs have super detection in front of them+ How driving is better here than on CMS, I have no idea :D+ Nice variety of houses+ A story ending that I didnt expect - quite plot twistCons:- Police are blind and always runs to where you are hiding and dont try to check for you - I guess its a script problem- Police can drive to the same house multiple times and no suspicion whatsoever- Police is more of a annoyance than actual threat - they dont search the house, so you can set off as many alarms as you want, and hide until cooldown goes off- NPCs dont react that police is running in their house or that alarm went off- NPCs are blind as bats at the sides- NPCs dont really react to noise- NPCs dont react when you close the doors in front of them - Streets are as crowded at night, as at day- Not much depth of those hacking and unlocking software minigames- You cant climb fences- You cant lift things above your head - You can outrun police cars :D- You can run into another room and hide after being seen by NPCs :DThe game is solid 7 out of 10.For its price - a decent fun for 10h or until you've robbed every house.
Thecarman1007	Recommended	20.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198276224840/	The game is good! There needs to be more things to do and the story kind of is trash but, a good game!
MIKE_EFFING_JONES	Recommended	14.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197979267862/	Good game but it has plenty of flaws (so far). Stalking the neighborhood has good mechanics, the small amount of driving is done well enough, the stealth is...alright, etc. The problems come with the nuances and niche game mechanics. Someone finds their gate unlocked? Call the frickin cops. Someone rings your doorbell? 1-800-the-cops. Carrying a TV to your beater? "Well that's weird, better say someth-" just drop the TV on the ground and wait for them to move on then continue. There's no parking on the damn street even for houses without a garage and sometimes people will see you through curtains and the like. If they patch up these obvious flaws this is gonna be a good deal. Also the pawn shop should be integrated into the "Home" location to avoid: drive away -> score screen -> load -> pick home -> load -> check computer -> get in your car, start it -> pawnshop -> load -> unload stuff -> get in your car, start it -> town -> load
janner66	Recommended	8.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/janner66/	Thief SimulatorRough around the edges and feels like there’s a lot more development to be implemented, but there’s still a lot of enjoyment to be had in this title. Curator Info: Follow our curator page: OCG-Curations if you like and want to see more reviews like this one.Rating 70   ️⭐️⭐⭐️https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pieM6JkCtHY Gameplay:  🕹️You can purchase items using the PC in your den. Lock picks, climbing gloves, safecracking tools, hacking tools, binoculars, micro cameras are all available to buy ranging from $20 to $52000. You can also sell some of your loot on Blackbay if it is a requested item. You will receive a lot more money for a requested item than just flogging it in the pawn shop so it’s useful to make a note of what is wanted and steal those from houses.There is also a section for acquiring information where you can purchase tips, possible loot locations and tenant routines. This saves you time if you don’t want to do it yourself. The last section on your PC advertises jobs for hire which you can choose to accept or ignore for a monetary reward. In your den is a lockpicking bench where you can practice lock picking, a storage unit where you can dispense loot and items, a hacking terminal for practicing hacking, a jewelry workshop where you can practice dismantling jewelry and a car lift for working on cars.When accepting any mission if you succeed on the first attempt you will gain a massive bonus of 10 times the experience points, so it is worthwhile being a little careful when approaching the job. Things that will trip you up are leaving your car in a suspicious area, getting caught by a neighbor whilst picking locks, or being seen by a tenant in the house. As soon as you are spotted the police are called and they are on their way. Sirens wail and lights flash on your map to show where the police are approaching from. You can either hide in a closet, dumpster or under a bed or you can try to escape on foot or by car. You will just need to cross over a white boundary line located on your map to escape. It is much easier to hide however. You can’t hide anywhere else but those three locations as the Police will find you, and you are unable to initiate a car chase because as soon as you are spotted you are arrested. It would have been nice to have a car chase scene but the maps are very small and there’s just not enough room to do so. Part of the game is surveillance and learning the tenant’s movements to ascertain the best time to rob them. You can forward time by sleeping on your couch at home or in the car and strike when you think the time is right. You can place a mark on a tenant in the house and they will then become highlighted so you can see through walls and watch their movements. There are indicators which give you information as to the number of people in the house and their whereabouts. There also is a colour system or red and blue but I don’t understand the significance of this. On later skill levels you can place cameras in their mail boxes to gain information on their movements too. If the tenants catch you snooping for too long, they will call the police. When they first see you a green exclamation mark appears above their heads. If you don’t move out of their gaze quick enough the exclamation mark turns red and they call the police. You can purchase a pair of binoculars to study and mark tenants from a distance but there really is no need to. You can enter properties in a variety of ways. Through the side gate, through the front door, through a window, through a broken fence or even by climbing walls or guttering. You won’t possess all of these skills initially however. Each entrance will have a skill level associated to it. A side gate may require a level one lockpick whilst a front window or door may require a level 4 piece of equipment like a glass cutter or electronic lock pick. You will need to level up and gain skill points before you can buy the equipment needed and learn the skills to enter through the front window for example. This is where the skill tree comes into play. Every level up earns you a skill point. You can spend these skill points on Agility, backpack capacity, lock picking, appraisal skills, car theft techniques and electronics. Each category has three or four levels and each level introduces you to a new skill. Agility levels include throwing bricks, climbing vines, carrying larger items faster or climbing gutters; Backpack capacity increases the amount you can carry by 25% a level;  Lock picking introduces you to four types of lock including safe cracking and glass cutting; appraisal skills let you recognize more goods within the home, use binoculars and disassemble jewelry; car theft lets you steal cars with or without alarms and electronic locks; Electronics gives you the ability to use PDA or laptops to hack terminals or remove security from devices. Some of these skills also require you to have reached a certain level and higher levels need more skill points to obtain. For example, a level 1 lock pick skill would take 1 skill point and character level 6, whilst a level 4 lock pick might take 4 skill points and require you to be level 21. You’ll also need to buy the equipment associated with these skills which costs money. Sometimes a lot of money. Vinny tends to introduce stages gradually and will recommend and steer you into the direction of what skills to acquire first. These usually involve cheaper equipment so it is introduced in a thoughtful way. Vinny introduces you to harder jobs as you progress, with tighter security and less entrance points, making having certain skills a must. There is a bit of grinding to make up levels and gain enough skill points for that next leap but it isn’t too much to become tiresome. The one really annoying aspect of this game is that there is only partial controller support. You can map keys to your controller but they only help with movement and driving your car. I found that I had to use the mouse and keyboard for certain actions and when picking locks, I had to use the controller and keyboard at the same time! Very tricky. It definitely spoilt the immersion and game play for me. The movement of neighbors is very unusual also. They walk around the neighborhood on a loop at all times of the night and day. Surely there wouldn’t be that many people walking around at 3am! They also sometimes randomly appear from nowhere and disappear unexpectedly. Sometimes this makes it hard to plan an escape or pick a lock in view of the street. Parking the car can be frustrating. If you are 1 millimeter in the road it will block traffic and you will get reported. You can’t park outside houses unless you are on the grass or neighbors will report you. The car is a bit awkward to drive also and you have to perform three different tasks to get the car started. There is not enough stealth involved in robbing homes. You can often run around the houses in plain view of neighbors and they won’t report you. The investigation phase seems a little pointless so far. I just mark them close up and wait for them to go to bed. It is a different matter during the day however. Sound:  🎵Very minimal.Graphics:  📺Environments are quite detailed but the houses are sometimes exactly the same inside. All wardrobes, drawers, rooms look the same.  ConclusionI get the feeling that this is still a game in development. There is a big discussion thread about adding features which the developers contribute to regularly. At the moment the game is definitely playable and holds your attention for a fair while. The lack of controller support is hugely disappointing however. If you don’t mind playing with keyboard and mouse, and this looks interesting to you then I would certainly give it a try.
✡KINGELI✡	Recommended	0.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/HailToKingEli/	Very nice sim, still needs a lot of work on optimization and AI behavior.
InspectorDamage	Recommended	13.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/InspectorDamage/	A really fun and surprisingly in-depth game! Thief Simulator has a lot of potential with plenty of room for gameplay upgrades and features.
Thub42	Recommended	16.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197999016114/	Having played this for 6hrs, I can honestly say I'm really enjoying the gameplay - it's a little too easy at the beginning but I'm happy to say it's all part of the learning curve. I'm so happy that there is more than one area to deal with, and by the looks of things the construction sites are hopefully going to be new properties in the future.I'd love a larger vehicle so I could put more large (and smaller items) in it.The only downside is that the AI seems pretty simple (I haven't done anything worthwhile on the second area yet) as I'm sure I should have been caught a couple of times when hiding in the bins & Closets.If you like being stealthy and reaping the rewards of ill gotten gains, then this is the game for you.
Jarek™	Recommended	9.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/katoowietoodles/	I really like it so far. There are a few bugs but the developer is already updating the game alot to get them fixed.Overall it's well worth the money.
Hamm	Recommended	13.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Eshard89/	I'm considering change my job after playing this game!
tccxgod	Not Recommended	13.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198082304895/	Great game to kill time, Campaign was way to SHORT ridiclously short not really worth $19.99 TBH
DannyboyO1	Recommended	10.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/DannyboyO1/	It's cute, and a little janky. Not as deep or as long as I had hoped, but I got my money's worth. Big difficulty spike at the end, but it's also a puzzle you do have the tools for... but you wouldn't likely have used them before.Biggest surprise: stripping cars for parts in exactly the way Car Mechanic Simulator works.Biggest chuckle: seeing cops despawn from my hiding place. (Beats the heck out of them getting stuck and spotting you.)Biggest frustration: getting stuck on the stairs a couple times, which got me caught by an armed guard.
Be4stPlays	Recommended	12.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Be4stPlays/	Good, solid game that needs some improvements!Currently, I have 2.5 hours on record of Theif Simulator so far, and to say the most part it is very enjoyable. Don't get me wrong, there are some flaws in the game that have to be addressed. Which is exactly what I am going to do in this review. If will firstly begin with the positives. If you want a number jump to the bottom of the review. Also, this is a first impressions review, once I have some more time on the game I will upload a final opinions review.The game seems very polished and the graphics are beautiful and pretty realistic. The gameplay is something different forcing you to scope out potential houses to learn the patterns of the house owners who you will be robbing from. The game has a nice open world feel, putting you in an open sandbox where you can pick any housing that intrigues you. The inventory system is clean and easy to use, (not cluttered). The game devs seem really responsive with the community, hosing polls and constant bug fixes for such a small development team. The negatives. One of my biggest concerns is the lack of space when it comes to bigger objects. I am assuming that you can upgrade your inventory space through skill points. But to my knowledge, there is no way of carrying more than one big item when there is clearly enough space, (passenger seats, extra room in the boot). Another concern I have is with the "scoping out". I know I mentioned the fact that you have to scope out your houses to learn the patterns of the house owners. To tell the truth, this just bogs down to press the middle mouse button and learn instantly. They could have added a way that you can buy binoculars and scope from your cars, or possibly track them e.g. follow them to certain locations, to confirm that they aren't home. All and all the concept is good, but it was poorly executed. Additionally, the loading screens get very irritating. Do you want to go home, loading screen! Wanna sell some items at the pawn shop, loading screen! It gets very annoying to be constantly moving between loading screens because you will be doing it a lot. Finally, I just wanted to mention that this game is currently £13.16 at the time of this review. For what the game offers, I wouldn't say the price is too high, but the game in its current stage is not a £15 game (was discounted to £13.16 at the time).That's all I have to say, I didn't make this review to insult the game devs by any means. I just wanted to highlight the flaws, so that they can be improved on and make this game so much better. If you want a more in-depth review, I am planning to post a video review on my youtube channel at https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCVk4NJ2ZjiO-SEk_f8sPLlA (or just type in Be4stPlays, whichever you prefer). Anyway, thank you for reading my review, if you got to the end leave a comment. Frankly, I am excited to see where this game goes. It has real potential and I hope that it is successful.7/10 Good solid game, but has some flaws
X22Gaming	Recommended	17.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/X22Gaming/	Thief simulator is pretty confusing in the beginnning but gets better, after a while you have to rob houses to level up and complete tasks. There is more neighborhoods, currently im on the second one. Great game overall thoughRating:              8/10Improvements: Sync between computers, optimization, bug fixes
AdApt*	Not Recommended	11.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198033252564/	Was OK at first, but the more I played the more bugs I ran into such as NPC's levitating above beds like something out of The Exorcist, items falling through floors when dropped, items disappearing under pavements when dropped, plants and other items clipping through walls, tenants and pedestrians spotting you when there is no way they could have seen you, invisible walls, police teleporting around and so on..The more they updated it,  the worse the performance got and even more bugs appeared.At first it ran fine, but now it runs like a 90 year old drunken sloth.The "story" is basically non existent, going as far as things like "Break the toilet at house 102".Permanently deleted from library. Avoid this mess of a game.
DaveX	Recommended	13.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/davex03/	Great game!The game is addictive.They should add some new streets though, I've nearly completed the whole game.
真希波マリ	Recommended	13.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198119642680/	Finished the game and considering getting all achievements. A map editor and workshop support would be great.
sigsense	Recommended	21.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197993484737/	I suck at giving a non spoiler review, so all i can say. Is that I had fun.
Tatsheoth	Recommended	3.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198115419592/	It is really a good game, and I highly suggest that add a fov change in settings, now the fov is toooooooooooo narrow.
LemonLimeBUST	Recommended	12.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198192451815/	Was having some issues the first time starting up the game but I got help from the dev, big thanks to Peter for the help.
caseyc (VEGAN)	Recommended	0.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/vegananimals/	As someone with past experience in this field I'll say its a nice prep course for those looking to make a career and potential victims to protect themselves, property or become a Law Enforcement Officer (LIEO).Pros:+Nice graphics for a indie+Good ideas and progression-A bit Rough around the edges-A bit barebones, so far houses are nearly the same inside with little in them. -No gamepad support7.5/10 glad they are still working on it and adding content it seems.
T1NY	Recommended	12.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Tiny85/	good game, pretty involved in the way you have to do certain things, the only bad thing i can say about the game is it's way too short, i completed the story in less then a day, i hope they extend it
die Katze	Recommended	12.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jasiekkwpassacie/	Very nice game, but i dont like end. And after last mission there aren't any missions on computer.
sauretturrets	Not Recommended	0.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198082439142/	very rough, needs some major ugrades. Great idea just think it couldve waited to be more polished
Gainer .44	Not Recommended	17.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197988209401/	Clearly another game that should have stayed longer in beta stage. Not a finnished game
P-Droxy	Recommended	8.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jessica24/	Pretty much what GTA is missing awesome game 10/10 would play it none stop even after the missions are all done.
Interceptor	Recommended	5.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Jet33/	Pleasantly surprised by this game. Worth $25 any day. Obviously could be improved drastically in terms of lighting, AI, some graphics etc. But it is a lot of fun so far.
Clutch Oven	Recommended	37.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/CIutchOven/	I could be playing Red Dead 2, finishing Fallout 4 or Witcher 3, or starting Horizon Zero Dawn or God of War... but I've been playing this for 7 hours with a food brek thrown in. This is a really fun game. There are some bugs but it is addicting and fun. Its like a cousin to Payday 2... kinda. 8.5/10
Esc.Velocity	Recommended	4.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198046236781/	If the developer shows this game some love it could easily be a classic
kazenokizu	Not Recommended	12.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kazenokizu/	Ok im going to be brutal so im going to start with cons AI there stupid as hell  hard to tell what is a bug and what is just♥♥♥♥♥♥poor coding. most of the time you will spend in the game is going to be in the car which is pointless as it holds One ! yes one item. no new cars no stolen cars to take over no stolen cars to sell in game they just stay at your home with all the crap taken out and cant be sold cause its junk, its car mecahinc simulator as far as the break downs go for items and crap. You have to go home for rather stupid reasons of going on a computer clicking a button and having a instant tool show up. and you some how have a 2nd computer for hacking minigames which are so basic there not fun but annoying ai call the cops on everything the cops insta show up i dont know what more to say then every thing is just well bad   i had some fun but it lasted me 1 day that was it and half of it was not doing anything fun so for what is there and for a completed game as not EA which it should have been. so stay the hell away not unless you have cash to burn or its on sale for 10 bucks
meme trump	Recommended	19.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/meme_trump64/	its a real good game, i mean, i wish it was longer, i got trough the story in 16 hours, buts its real fun, i hope they add bigger skill tree tho, well i just comed out, soit will probebly get an uptate
Trinix	Not Recommended	5.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/trinixdmorrison/	This is almost a completely different game from what was shown in the greenlit trailer. The graphics seem to have gotten a bit of a downgrade (the pawnshop especially looks like something out of My Summer Car), the "theif vision" and "heat system" that was initially showcased in the trialer seem to have been completely removed, and the lockpicking is straight up Skyrim/Oblivion. It's not necessarily a bad game, just a bit mediocre and disappointing since so much seems to have been changed :/
Sparzard	Recommended	3.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Carthurlane/	So there's a guilty pleasure found in doing something I'm not supposed to do, sneak up on unsuspecting houses, voyeur inside to see what resides, breaking and entering to theft upon other people's hard earned valueables. Trying to walk among the NPC's as if you weren't about to break into their house, but instead you do your best impersonation of a human... which is the weirdest part. Why am I trying so hard to act human inside a game?
thombike	Recommended	3.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197992492583/	Very cool. And like a real thief, not only night work. Looks good, sound...can be better, but from all angle is really ok and for now, is the only one on the market. I like something new anytime. If has a "gaming" factor and Thief Simulator has many of...
Likhach	Not Recommended	2.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/umbrqualquer/	The game is superb, however you can find yourself playing a way too repetitive game in a short amount of time. Maybe get this on a sale, or wait for them to add more things.Looking forward to see future changes, but at the current state it is not worth 38 BRL (20 USD).
Shane	Recommended	60.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197970680484/	Keyboard driving with no controller support is always a negative, thankfully whilst you do spend a fair amount of time in a car, its not the primary gameplay mechanic and just as well because its just bad news.The hiding mechanic is very lame, and overall unless you try and achieve perfect ratings the game is extremely easy, with hardly any penalties for failing really. scoping out property is not as interesting or engaging as the store page trailers make it look but in later missions it gets more essential to carry out. The timescale of ingame vs realtime is too rapid, so on some mission running around freely in empty homes doesnt happen nearly as often as i would have liked. also when trying to mark home owners, it can be the same story, they are alerted far too easy, etc...Overall its a decent enough game as you get into things, it introduces harder tasks, and more mini-game features, but it was slightly dissapointing vs my expectations pre release. At first i wasnt impressed but its decent enough and its keeping me engaged longer than i thought it might have, so changing to full review and thumbs up.There are some bug bears and facepalm moments, but the later stages of the game become far more interesting, Stealing cars and then breaking them down is quite cool, very similiar to car mechanic simulator in this regard. your almost getting a blend of both gameshttps://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1561873927The upgrade system is limited, but better than nothing, and it moves alongside the storyline which is better than random missions but that doesnt mean you cant have fun just trying to rob every home. but the progress you make by following the story only missions will required you taking part in some more random mission in order to rank up.and finally expect DLC because the storyline is pretty darn short !!
{HYST} Merlyn	Recommended	8.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/110011001100831/	A bit rough at the moment but it is fun.You can enter areas with 10 to 12 houses to steal from. I have unlocked 2 of these areas so far not sure if there are more.You're allowed to enter any house and steal many different items. [and a bit later their cars too that you then disassemble]There are several simple mini-games for using the tools, some are shown in the trailer.You sell all your stolen loot at a pawn shop or online.You can use the money you make to buy new gear to steal more stuff.There is a simple story but it serves mostly to guide the player into each new unlocked activity.There are some some bugs, and some logical problems that are mentioned in other reviews. [like not being able to use the car to make a huge haul at once but I assume this is for progress limitations per trip]Overall though, I'm having fun, good work devs, keep the content coming on this one.
DeanGuitarist	Recommended	17.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198024546550/	Pretty fun, but not much content, took me 16 hours to rob every houses of everything they had, i've experienced everything in the game pretty much, got all achievement as well already. I whish there was more content and/or a way to enhance replayability like randomly generated content and some incentive to continue even when you have everything unlocked.
{HYST} Merlyn	Recommended	8.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/110011001100831/	A bit rough at the moment but it is fun.You can enter areas with 10 to 12 houses to steal from. I have unlocked 2 of these areas so far not sure if there are more.You're allowed to enter any house and steal many different items. [and a bit later their cars too that you then disassemble]There are several simple mini-games for using the tools, some are shown in the trailer.You sell all your stolen loot at a pawn shop or online.You can use the money you make to buy new gear to steal more stuff.There is a simple story but it serves mostly to guide the player into each new unlocked activity.There are some some bugs, and some logical problems that are mentioned in other reviews. [like not being able to use the car to make a huge haul at once but I assume this is for progress limitations per trip]Overall though, I'm having fun, good work devs, keep the content coming on this one.
Dekkers	Recommended	18.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mrdeclandavies/	Brilliant game. I look forward to future updates.
Schakes	Recommended	12.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/schaft/	Great Sim game that had a nice variety of things to do. Took me 12 hours to complete and kept me interested in it till the end. Not much replayability but I think it was worth the price.
Laurance Damion	Recommended	7.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/laurancedamion/	For the price I feel the game is worth it. It realy reminds me of payday 2 in a way.Sitting and watching to see what the peoples patterns are,Going through the houses to see what is valuable,And hiding under the bed when they come home unexpected! 
🥛Jolly DuckyD🍪	Recommended	1.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Ducky16/	10/10 Honestly you would think this game would totally suck but no its really fun!!
SLiFeR_END	Recommended	12.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198353614151/	love this game
Lidl	Recommended	8.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/MrTigr/	amazing games  (small probelms with fps)
CANCER	Recommended	18.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198206895801/	Very good game, this game is beautiful, although the graphics are not the best the gameplay is still good. but i feel like it has a lot more potential, they could have added some things such as car salesmen so you could spend the money you stole to get new cars that are faster and have more storage. they could've also added more things to buy as until the ending i had more money then everything in the game combined so theres no real use in the money, and one thing they should and i expect them to add in the future is some new places to go and explore and rob, as i think banks or much bigger houses would be fun to steal from.
hughie522	Recommended	10.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/hughie522/	Let's face it, most simulators are garbage. Wonky physics and dull, unimaginitive gameplay abound. This game, however, is fun and addictive. You have an open-world neighbourhood with a dozen houses to observer, break into and steal from. You'll need to learn new skills and purchase tools along the way. You'll start by busting locks but in no time you'll be breaking down jewellery, cracking safes, wiping electronics and hotwiring cars. These activities are performed via mini-games. It's not perfect, but it is a lot of fun, and the ever vigilant public (and the tenants of the houses themselves) pose a constant threat of your illegal activities being exposed. It's definitely worth checking out.
SilverDiamond	Not Recommended	31.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198051850215/	IS this supposed to be full game? So far, I'm not impressed.Pros:-First thief sim I've ever seen.-Story is kinda realistic.Cons:-You can't use crowbar for it's INTENDED purpose. Open stuff. You can ONLY smash with it. You can't leverage a window with it, or force an easy door out.-You can't JUMP or go up/over a waist high obstacle. What is this crap? If I would have been a thief in real life, I would clim ledges and/or jumped to get over things.-Detection is crap. I got noticed, but when camera turned I only saw a piece of police cap from under the stairs. If I was up and crouching, He shouldn't have seen me. Also, lights were not on my side. Meaning there were no lights over me. The only light was BEHIND the officer on the floor below. Kinda way sideways.-I already robbed every room within 24 hours of playtime. Not enough content.
Lone Wolf	Recommended	8.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198104261130/	♥♥♥♥ING LOVE THIS!!!Okey now that we get that away and thous that read reviews and r truly interested i´m gonna keep this spoiler free.Let´s start with the positive stuff that stuck out shall we;  -Core game mechanic, LOOOOVE the consept. Stealing and doing the story missions are a blast.  -The Story. Okey it´s from small(ish) company but this would be prob my indie GOTY easily can´t spoil anything but DLC/more content on story point is hard to continue  -As a car enthusiast parting out car was a good move I could go on and on but i´m not writing this to IGN so let´s keep this short.and now the negatives....:  -Graphics, feels like they r from 2013-2014 BUT still playable  -"PayDay 2" after u learn the game mechanics u can exploit pretty mutch everything about sneaking like in PD2  -As a car enthusiast some car parts u just had to throw to garbage because... idont know? and some real stupid peaces u had to kee and sell. Why? Who would by USED air filter??!! insted or intake?  -The pawn shop, i would pay 50k easily for him to get automated door.  -Play time, I playd the game story from start to finnish in 8.4h, still missing a few achievements which r tedious, but the over all game time prob is 10h for story and 15h-20h for all current achievementsBut over all for a 20€ u can get good game with some replayable, yet is still fun and enjoyable. for 20€ i would say money well spent. Waiting and hoping for more content.ps. there might be some typos,(english isn't my native language)ALL ABOVE IS MY PERSONAL OPINION.-Lone
GunStinger	Recommended	3.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/faraiya/	The game has a simple premise, solid execution, and despite some weird collision issues when carrying big items, and owners too frequently spawning right in front of you as you walk out their front door carrying their ballin' flat-screen TV, I'm having a ton of fun scouting out houses, finding weak-points in their security, figuring out who's home when, and how to most effectively empty all their drawers while they're out.
artifact	Recommended	8.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/paul_gray/	Pure 8 hours of cheeki. Actually pretty good value for the money.
BlackBeetle	Recommended	9.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/nbk_blackbeetle/	I first noticed this game floating around YouTube and I've deeply enjoyed it, and had to try it for myself.As such, and even though I'm poor, I don't regret buying this game. However this game is not without its flaws.PROS:- The game's core mechanics are very good- There's many many small details that make me think that this game was made with care- Mini games for lockpicking (hello Bethesda), hacking, breaking in, dismantling cars, etc. are all really cool. Except... (in CONS)- Even though there's no real penalty for getting caught (there should be a hardcore mode), you still don't want to and it can be quite nerve-racking sometimes. I've had quite a few heart attacks and I enjoyed them a lot- A lot of variety, not many bugs, never dull. Like i said, this game was made with care and that shows.CONS:- My god the jewerely mini-game... That's really bad. You spend way too long for something that could be simplified (Devs if you read this, and are interested, I'd be more than happy to give a few ideas on how to improve this)- Unless you fail a lot or just aren't experienced, this game's "story" will be over rather quickly. I have 7 and something hours in this game, and I've already reached the final mission, with basically infinite money and all the perks. This isn't necessarily a bad thing, but it is considering my next topic- It lacks too much diversity. There's 2 neighborhoods (unless a 3rd unlocks after the story). Which in itself is stupidly unrealistic to rob the same neighborhood/house multiple times. Then the main problem, is that you have like 3 or 4 very easy houses, 3 or 4 easy, 4 or 5 mediums, then 2 or 3 hard ones on the first neighborhood, and like 4 hard houses, 3 or 4 very hard houses, and 1 final boss house in the last neighborhood. This is to say, you're constantly robbing the same few houses. Because you're not gonna be a final level thief and rob an easy or medium. But the very hard ones are also stressing, so "taking a break" by doing an easier one is also a problem because you've done that house 5 times by now. And for me, this is the real (and honestly only major) gripe i have with this game.- Car controls are rather awful. But then again it's not a driving game, so it's fine really.All in all this game, for this price, is fantastic. A defenite must-buy if you're into simulation games and this topic seems interesting to you. And I feel the devs are still going to improve it, so it's gonna be even better.
Bowsette	Recommended	4.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Bowsette-waifu/	Very fun game
luke.marc	Not Recommended	15.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198061420707/	I've been looking for a good modern thief game for quite a while. While I do think this is the best one available, I simply can't say it's good because of a number of frustrating design decisions the developers have made.In essence, they've made things as tedious, uninspired, and linear as possible. There's really no way to do things with any particular skill, style, or creativity. This gets worse and worse the further you get.Let's start with lockpicking, because that's a significant portion of the game. It's awful.It's the standard Bethesda-style lockpicking that has nothing to do with actual lockpicking and everything to do with luck. Find the "sweet spot" by rotating the lock. Nothing new at all. How long it takes is based entirely on how lucky you are with your original positioning.The second way is the Oblivion style where you knock down the pin, and keep doing that until it slides all the way into place, then press a button to lock it there. Also entirely luck based, because it's almost impossible to miss a pin, so the time it takes to pick a lock this way is 100% determined by how many times you have to press the pin down before it slides into place. This means that, if you're in a time crunch, there's literally nothing you can do to speed things up. You simply cannot rush things for a riskier but faster approach, so there's no sense of accomplishment in getting through a lock quickly.The last method is an electric lock pick where you just hold a button. Nothing against this one on its own - that's what an electric lock pick is for - but when combined with my next lockpicking gripe, it becomes unbearable.Frankly, for a thief simulator, I find this unacceptable. That kind of mindless minigame is fine for a game like Skyrim, where it's just something to make opening a chest slightly harder, but for a game that has literally nothing but stealing, it lacks any skill or nuance.The lockpicks can only be used on one type of lock. You start with an improvised lockpick that can be used on simple locks. Then you buy a proper lockpick. This can only be used on standard locks; it does not replace the improvised lockpick (for some reason). Likewise, the electric lockpick can only be used on the third level of locks.These lockpicks (like all equipment) are level-locked. So, rather than saving up for a new tool that makes your life more convenient, you have to grind for a new tool that allows you to make it past the next arbitrary level of locks.The houses themselves are frustratingly linear; many of them have exactly one realistic way in, with all others watched by cameras that you can't turn off until you enter the house. In other words, it's not a matter of how skilled you are; it's literally just a matter of finding the one way in and having the right (again, arbitrarily level-locked) perks and equipment.One is particularly egregious for this; it has exactly one way in (because you can't, for example, jump the 4-foot fence) that's watched by a camera.You must - and I mean this literally, as in you have no other options - use your electric lockpick on the breaker out back to disable the camera in order to break in. Now, I have no problems with this in particular; in fact, I think it's quite clever. But only if it's something you can figure out for yourself to make the heist easier. Unfortunately, the game hands you this information on a silver platter by literally highlighting it as an objective, and makes it the only way in. That turns it from a cool optional objective to make things go more smoothly to convoluted busywork. You literally just go out back and hold the mouse button for a few seconds before you go in the house. It adds nothing to the experience.Every night, pretty much every house rolls bulletproof shutters over their windows, forcing you to use a door or (when possible) climb to the second story and hope they didn't put alarms on the windows up their. In other words, you have at most 3 theoretical points of entry, and usually all but 1 are watched all the time.So I hope you understand what I mean by the linear path the game forces you to take. There is exactly one right way to enter, which makes it much less engaging and completely demolishes any replayability the game might have had.Then there's the mindless chore of disassembling jewelry and cars. You literally just click and hold on the components in the right order to disassemble them at home. It's possibly the least interesting way they could've done it. There may be an argument that, with these being the most valuable items in the game, they need a way to balance them out. I would respond that balancing a powerful option by making it tedious and boring is simply bad game design. The cars aren't all that valuable since you can't sell most of the parts until the game decides to send you a buyer randomly, and the way they should balance it out is by making them harder to get.Then there are some things that are just ridiculous. For example, you will have the police called on you for walking down the street with binoculars out. Again, that doesn't make the game more interesting, it just makes it more tedious. You have forever to put them away and the NPCs will happily walk away once you do, so even if you were spying on someone you don't really get caught so much as you just spend ten seconds doing nothing until you're left alone. More tedium.And, finally, the game is just rife with bugs. It's quite common to open a drawer and have the contents not move with the drawer, making them unreachable. People who are sleeping will see you passing by their bedroom window - not may, will - but sometimes people who are wide awake will walk right up to you in broad daylight. You can't avoid the police except by going in specially designated hiding spots - otherwise, they're drawn to you like flies to honey. Police are called instantly if you're seen, and arrive seconds later. Really, it's just a mess. I wanted to like this game, but everything about it is just so aggressively mediocre and uninspired that I just can't. It has nothing interesting to offer.
Vaquatro	Recommended	18.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/vaquatro/	Good game, that kind of game was missing on market, good luck in stealing!CheersPolecam, fajna gra, wspierajmy polskich tworcowPozdrawiam
SHOKK	Not Recommended	3.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/shokkbox/	Unity Game jankness! Buy it when it's absurdly cheap.Holy shit the AI is so bad, they'll do circles around 101 till it's literally the whole map's wandering NPCs just circling the front of that house.The collision when crouching makes it stupidly hard to walk up a simple ledge without momentum.No lean functionality so peaking a corner could spell your doom.Open Worldness is a let down, just 3 zones. One for all the houses, then you hit a loading zone to go to either Home or the Pawn Shop. You then get in your car and teleport to whatever area.I wanted to Drive Home or to the Pawn Shop from the Neighborhood.House Tenants just appear out of no where onto the front of the house's path.Cops are just terrible, they make the game completely stop. You hide in something till they go. You already take the Stealth Bonus penalty, but even your time is wasted. 2 Stars, and 1 Stars mean jack shit, they're just "wait longer, or wait even longer"12 PM Doesn't exist btw!Jewellery Minigame is bad busy work crap.Mouse Input isn't raw so it's floaty.Here's my stream that I formed all these on.https://www.twitch.tv/videos/335332773 
GamerOffTopic	Not Recommended	2.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/GamerOffTopicCentral/	So, I watched a YouTuber play this game (ChilledChaos), and I played it until my clock read about 2 hours later. After that time, it was very clear to see why Chilled would end the episode where he did. I will admit the game seemed fun at first, but after the first few houses it turned into a game that was "New house, new tools, same mechanics". That turned out to be it's downfall. Below is my list of things I came across that ruined the game experience for me.1. Loosing The Crowbar - Now this is my bad for getting caught twice in the first "mission", but after I loaded the checkpoint for a second time my crowbar disappeared so I had to delete the profile and start a new game.2. "Sleep Driving" - Now when I say this, I have to explain what happened. I was waiting for people to leave a house so I could progress the game. So naturally a player would park their car in the parking zone and sleep. After the sleeping was done, I decided to just start driving the car insteading of hitting exit. When I did this, the car started moving but the camera and UI were still in "How long to sleep mode". After a moment I hit the exit button, but I was flung across the map; however the minimap still showed I was driving the car. After finding my way back to the car, I found that I was still technically driving the car with noise production as well. All I had to do was approach the car door and "get in", telling the game (apparently) that I was actually getting out of the car.3. Overall Driving - To be fair, this isn't the main part of the game by any means; however, something should be done about the driving mechanics to make them more fluid. Braking should not act like I'm pulling the hand break and stop me from turning. Also it should be easier to turn at a slower speed, not the other way around.That is the list of things I came across in just 2 hours, there could be more. I hope there is not because this game has potential. One last thing I could point out that would help this game a lot would be improving the variety of NPCs and fixing the animations of the NPCs would really go a far way.
Cedtech	Recommended	29.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/cedtech/	I wanna be tracer
Dark_Lord	Not Recommended	8.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198017781649/	This game is a great idea with half baked execution. There are things in the game that feel like they were tacked on at the end and the developers were too lazy to finish it up. For example, the "auto arrest" thing is annoying. Basically, as soon as a cop gets next to you, you are busted. No running, no trying to excape, just instant arrest. Same thing happens with house owners who have guns. As soon as they point it at you, you're done for. It would be nice if we were given a chance to run while being shot at or possibly have an ability to fight back. It would also be nice to have some weapons, even if they non leathal like pepper spray or chloroform to subdue the home owners. Another thing that bugs me is that the home owners BARELY SLEEP, for like an hour or two but all at different times, so the tenant routines need a fix. Think you can sneak in at night while everyone is sleeping for a quick robbery? Nope. It is also extremely annoying that you can only steal one big item at a time. You have a hatchback that can probably carry several large TVs on top of eachother, or a mix of items, but NOPE you can only put one. Oh, want to unload the stuff you stole in your car and go back for more? Not going to happen. Small items stay with you and you can't unload them at the car.  Here's another one for you. There is the exact same amount of pedestrians/witnesses in the middle of the night as there are during the day. Why is there a bunch of people walking around at 3am in the suburbs?  Probably because no one ever sleeps in this game except the player... Instead of all the pedestrians, it would be nice to see some parked cars on the streets that you can steal or rob items out of. Anyway,  as of right now, I do not recommend this game. It is unfinished in my opinion. I'm not going to return and will stick around and see if the developers make good with those of us who have been following this game from day one and were left disappointed by this title.
FoggyLight	Not Recommended	1.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/FoggyLight/	As others have stated already, the game just isn't... complete. It also doesn't seem like whoever made it is a native English speaker. There's smalls things missing absolutely everywhere, such as the fact that the pawn shop guy just has a box that  says: "Okay I could use that" or something very close to that, when your selling something, no matter what it is. The AI is very dumb, in terms of reflections and such, the graphics are fine, but the textures themselves are horrible. Looks like a game from years  back.To summarize: The gameplay is missing stuff, along with the rest of the game, and the graphics are terrible.
Soez	Recommended	13.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198040839025/	good fun game! needs  more content but its a great start
[FC.] Chief Webster	Recommended	11.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197965391491/	It's funny, it's cool, it's sneaky - I love it! - Hope there will be some more locations in the future :-)
II-[1stGa A]2Lt.Nessy	Recommended	5.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198006723309/	I had the pleasure of Beta testing and could not wait for the full release on this one.  It did not dissapoint.  The game starts of a bit linear but it opens right up as you gain skills.  I have yet to encounter a bug and the developers are all over social media and forrums responding to people who have issues.  Get off the fence and get it you will not be dissapointed.  The price is very fair for this quality of the game.  I am not where near through all of the content but I do hope they have plans from DLC and new features down the road.  I am not saying that because the game is lacking but because I love the entire premise of the game.
LivestreamGamer	Not Recommended	9.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/LivestreamGamer/	Great Game, it has some weird bugs now and then, when you cross the green line the tab does not show up, after sleeping you spawn in a strange location with the car icon attched to you, and when you press e you leave the car  and you spawn in the car somewhere else, also when entering the car to go to pawn shop or the main street the buttons sometimes fail to execute the command, even on the mainmenu when you try to load your profile.Overall the game is Great, but these bugs are kinda strange they happen at strange time when you least expect it.NEW! I lost all my game data due to the bug 5 hours worth of progress now GONE!
chimichangas	Recommended	10.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/chimmychngasasa2/	Some bugs, but very fun. First day I bought it I played it for 6 hours straight.
Talon184	Recommended	13.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/talon184/	Awesome! Exactly what I was hoping for! I'm looking forward to any updates they come up with to expand the game. I've only played for about an hour, but I'm already having a great time!My pulse seriously started racing when I entered a closet and saw the guitar that someone was looking for on Blackbay!Had to dump some inventory to grab it, but I pocketed it and headed for the hills and made my score!WOOT!
Prune	Recommended	2.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/JarrodFromSubway/	technically klepto without the budget cut. <3<3<3
Vixcell	Recommended	7.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198074453265/	a game with a lot of potential and is very easy to get lost in, lots of fun
Prune	Recommended	2.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/JarrodFromSubway/	technically klepto without the budget cut. <3<3<3
Soez	Recommended	13.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198040839025/	good fun game! needs  more content but its a great start
Nacho Supreme	Recommended	15.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198068887748/	Awesome Game. I like puzzle aspect of the game how every house is diffrent and it gets hard to break into and leave places unnoticed
TwitchDirtyZinn	Recommended	8.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ItsZinn/	10/10
thepatriotofamerica13	Recommended	10.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/iluvmerica/	Fun and realistic! This game accurately simulates thievery in a fun way! Highly recommend!
Sneaky Caveman	Recommended	14.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198027284895/	There is nothing else out their that focuses on a pure theif oriented game. Pros- REALISTIC THEIF TACTICS, PLAN, SNEAK, EVADE, SKILL UPGRADES, EQUIPMENT UPGRADES, LOTS OF POTENTIALCons- SMALL AREA, FEELS CHEAP, DUMB AIWants- GET RID OF THE GRIND ELEMENTS, MORE FOCUS ON SCOUTING, BALANCE SOME TOOLS LIKE THE WINDOW CUTTER BY ADDING MORE SECURITY ELEMENTS, BREAK INTO BUSINESSES, UPGRADE TO LARGER CAR TO  CARRY MORE BIG ITEMS
RabidUrko	Recommended	3.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197983301475/	Awesome game.Great graphics, sound and general gameplay and variety of missions.Good UI makes this game.
bbray	Recommended	11.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198009691299/	I have much respect for this Team that put this game together, I have been waiting along time for a game like this, and they are doing it very well.  The game is fun, and they are adding improvments to the game to make it even better. I highly recommend this game, if you like going around an open world and scoping out houses and cars to steal. I hope that they make Thief 2 down the road because this is a genre game that I think alot of people will love to play.  To the Devs...you have something great here, dont just stiop with this one.
BONGO CAT	Recommended	0.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198310680724/	This game is one of the best stealth games I have played this year. the only thing that I would say I would have a problem is the price. I got this game for $19.37 on sale and I still think that is to much of a price to pay. there are some bugs but the game did come out a week ago. in the end I would recommend buying this game if it is on sale or the price drops below 20$
Vixcell	Recommended	7.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198074453265/	a game with a lot of potential and is very easy to get lost in, lots of fun
Swarog91	Recommended	9.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198081060538/	great game!! Ignore the pople complainging about not being able to climb the walls, it's all calculated to control the difficulty and flow of the game. The only complaints I have is that you can only take one big object at the time and that the game is too short! The devs should realy add another street or two!
I T S N O V A B O Y Z	Recommended	6.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/iDxL/	Very fun game... only problem now is. Ever since the update that went live yesterday.... I can't even play the game. I see the first two screens when you start up the game, but once you hit the actual "LOADING" screen the game just freeze and says "________ is not responding" and then i have to close it becuase no matter how long i wait it won't start
Able Jones	Recommended	16.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197970759080/	3/5 pot. 4/5Pros:Fun 3D thieving puzzle game.Gadget access well balanced.Challenge increases throughout even with all the tools.Made me not take my toaster for granted anymore.Can be infuriating.Quick patching dev.EDIT: All the bugs I had are now fixed.Cons: Some bugs but half of mine have already been fixed though. Maybe a little short (only two neighbourhoods).More puzzle than reality (security guards don't sleep).It's cheap, fun & enraging, with potential to grow into something better.Buy or Steam Sale
XelpMox	Recommended	1.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198434580732/	 Has Potential! This game has a bright future, but here are some things i recommend;-Make the animations more smoother-Make it less "The Sims" like-Game is too easy, even on hard mode-Needs to be more realistic (example; cops are immedietly called, should take some time for a person to call the cops)-Further optimize it-Add more featuresNow I'm not saying it's a trash game, I am just saying it needs more improvement.Good job so far! :)
Maay^	Recommended	11.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Maayy/	Pretty funny game to play from time to time.You dont have a huuuuge pile of content available for now but i assume that will change in the feature.The game has some flaws as in ai - and overall game bugs but the devs are patching most of the stuff aswell as adding new features from time to time.In my opinion its worth the 19,99€ u pay for a enjoyable TriHard simulator. 
Sam	Recommended	11.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Wardis/	Great game, has a huge amount of protential! But finding it hard to put more hours in with bugs.PROSGood enough graphicsGameplay idea is brilliantMany customisable items in game i.e breakdown of jewelery, unlock electronic devices.CONSCops can randomly turn up without being detected (Very annoying and time wasting)It's quicker to run outside the zone and re-load than wait for the cops to dissapear!Many bugs in the mid to late stages of the gameOverall, it's a 6/10 for me. However a lot of work to be done.
xToastygamingx	Recommended	4.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198099396701/	**wed Nov 14 @ 209**Yesterday the game only tried to crash when loading into the different parts of the game, now today it doesnt want to start up without crashing.Thumbs down**wed Nov 14 @246**troubleshoted by right clicking on the .exenow to see if it trys to crash while in loading screens.Thumbs down**wed Nov 14 @849**the troubleshooting from right clicking on the .exe made it run smoother and i was able to have about a six hour stream, with minimal issues. the only thing that was a problem was that it being the game, would not respond on loading screens but would start responding after 20 secounds usually. so hopefully all the weird kinks can be worked out to where it starts up fine all the time and not want to attempt to not respond and then crash on every loading screen.Thumbs up |-> as long as it continues to work.**thurs Nov 15**I have noticed that i have not gained any acheivements that i know i should have, for example throwing a brick and breaking a window with the brick.**Rating is subject to evolve**
The_Gypsy_Kind	Recommended	9.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198836408802/	the hint about sleeping in the car park has a T next to "in" i have played 2 hours so far and its a great game for that inner thief in you ;) few bugs here n there but a major one that i was dissapointed at is sometimes the civ can spot you through walls while crouching and not doing anything? worth the buy if you want to learn how to rob a house xDEDIT: i have now completed the story and there is little content for your money but hopefully this will change with future updates, STORY SPOILER INCOMING... i did see the crowbar move after the exsplosion so im looking forward to stealing intel for my revenge ;) and maybe a car  dealership for a possible truck to fit more big objects or parts we have to steal to refurb the truck we stole to use it? or we have to pay for different number plates to use the truck and if someone notices our car at the scene of crime? so much potential for this game i cant wait!
Thicc Nibba	Recommended	26.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198260286295/	Great game! I used a little over 10 hours with the story, all tho it was short it was worth the money. Its fun robbing peoples houses and stealing cars. The ending is a little suprising tho. Anyways, there are lots of places to rob and have fun with. I think it was worth the money!
Mr Scumbag	Not Recommended	7.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Mr_Scumbag/	Incredibly rough and janky.Late game is based more on luck than real skill, and a good amount of that luck relies on the game functioning as it should - which it rarely does.Civilians seeing you through walls, AI routines changing suddenly and inexplicably, extremely clunky movement.Failure to fulfill objectives in games like this will tend to follow a certain pattern. Ideally, they will will feel like they are the player's fault and will prompt a change in approach which will lead to more frequent success. This is something good game design aims to implement. Unfortunately in this game, (at it's BEST!) failure to complete a goal most often feels like the game either did not funcction as it should or that there is some randomization that caused unfavorable circumstances that could not have been foreseen with any amount of preparation or skill.I don't believe the developers of this game really understand what makes a stealth game enjoyable, and this makes the game very difficult to enjoy.
djpudz	Recommended	15.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/djpudz/	Like a modern age version of thief
nJ7	Recommended	18.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198282159321/	11/21/2018 5:30 P.M. (Easten Standed Time).Overall good game but overpriced for it's lack of contant (16 hours of gameplay).
Roxy_Wolf_Dragon	Recommended	23.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198251641558/	i like the game very much but it gets tire sum with the lock picking. there should be an option got an atachment or item that can unlock all locks with ease.anoher thing i dont like. no hate is the pedestrian mechanic. im stuck on house 101 becus of trying to pick the lock on the gate the pedestryans all just seam to sircle around the end of the road there.  can not finish picking the lock without being cought. this needs fixing. make less pedestryand be able to be loaded at one time in an area. or be turned off completley. 
revstevewalters	Recommended	24.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198011945046/	The game is quite short at the moment, although the Dev seems to listen to the players and is working on improving it.Pro'sPlanning - this isn't a game where you can just creep into the house and rob them blind, you need to do your research, find out when they leave the house, what alarms they have etc.Progression - You can't go out and steal high end sports cars straight away, this isn't GTA V, you need to learn the skills in order to do it.New - this isn't yet another Prison Architect clone, or some other game ripped off, it's quite a new and original idea in its executionCon'sShort - Their isn't a lot to the game at the moment, unless you delay yourself and go out doing other things, it feels like you can just fly thorugh.The ending - Got to admit, a bit disappointing, hopefully as the Dev continues to work on the game this will changeOn the whole, I'm glad I bought it, and think it's worth the money providing the Dev continues how he is currently working
Mr Scumbag	Not Recommended	7.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Mr_Scumbag/	Incredibly rough and janky.Late game is based more on luck than real skill, and a good amount of that luck relies on the game functioning as it should - which it rarely does.Civilians seeing you through walls, AI routines changing suddenly and inexplicably, extremely clunky movement.Failure to fulfill objectives in games like this will tend to follow a certain pattern. Ideally, they will will feel like they are the player's fault and will prompt a change in approach which will lead to more frequent success. This is something good game design aims to implement. Unfortunately in this game, (at it's BEST!) failure to complete a goal most often feels like the game either did not funcction as it should or that there is some randomization that caused unfavorable circumstances that could not have been foreseen with any amount of preparation or skill.I don't believe the developers of this game really understand what makes a stealth game enjoyable, and this makes the game very difficult to enjoy.
gamerhoofster	Recommended	11.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/hoofsterpony/	What I write for this review is the experience I had with the game, everybody will experience things differently. This is my honest review if you don't like it well tough. Also no game is safe from a review whether its early access or full release. Now onto the review.Thief Simulator is a game where you get to play as a thief, breaking into peoples homes & steal their stuff. This game has pretty cool mechanics to it such as tenent routine system, day & night cycle even to random predestrians that can spot you doing "illegal" activites. You can seel the things you stole some the pawnshop will take and some you have to sell on the thief website.The graphics are not the best but are not the uglyist ether. You can tell what things are like a computer, vase to even a the NPC.The sounds are okay the only thing that confused me was when switching items it sounds like racking a gun.Theif tools are equpment that will help you break into peoples homes such as a lock pick set to a crowbar to hacking tools. The level system is pretty basic, level up, get skill points invest into what want like more inventory space to better hacking skill.This game almost had every popular simulater in one. You can even take apart 1 of the 3 cars you can steal but with all that be said there one issue that I had. Like a slap to the face, the ending of the game. SPOILERS, WARNING SPOLIERS: you die after doing the last job to get you out of debt with a family that helped with something. The ending was so predictable that I called it just seconds after I started the game. Luckly though the game auto saved just before you do the last instructuions which was great.So the score for Thief Simulator is a soild 7/10 score & I will recommend this game. I can't deny the 11hrs I put into was fun & is worth the $19.99 price.That is the Pony review for Thief Simulator 
Zedocax	Recommended	11.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/zedocax/	Fun game, not a lot of content at the moment, but the dev is going to be adding more.
Mokonoise	Recommended	1.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Mokonoise/	10/10 would thief again
Anarchist	Recommended	17.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198304162978/	Its fun,addicting and not too difficult
Razor	Recommended	4.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/RazorDo/	A good simulator. I really enjoy playing it.+ Realism+ Stealth is a must, you cannot knock people out+ Feels good to playThe map is not that big at the moment, but there devs said more will come.
Scottflix	Not Recommended	1.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197991142383/	There isn't really much to do in the game, it's pretty repetitve after an hour of playing the game. Hope that there will be more content in the near future.
Fahad	Recommended	8.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Kenjiro87/	good game for people who like stealing
TecHDawe	Recommended	8.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198102978701/	Good game, but you should buy it in the sale. It definitely needs a better AI. Optimalization is ok. Overall it's a good simulator. 7/10
Saul T.	Recommended	7.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kozmothekarrier/	I am the thief, I am the mysterious stranger that waits for your departure.I am the reason you lock your doors, I am the reason you close your windows.I am the reason why you look over your shoulder, wondering to yourself "what will be missing when I get home?"I saw you tossing and turning before you slept, I saw you make your morning coffee.I saw those ugly brown slacks you wore to work. You can afford nice things, I like nice things.I saw your trophies, your paintings, all symbols of an opulent life.I've shattered your windows, just to break your toilet.I've shattered your savings, when you bought replacements.I've shattered your sense of security, because I effortlessly take what I want.I am the thief. Your valuables, your peace of mind, and your house, is mine.Seriously though, game's fun, good way to kill some extra time.  
Rasputin's love child	Not Recommended	1.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/hviddansker/	could be fun. But the driving made me refund the game. It's terrible to say the least, it almost does a 180 in street corners when you turn at 30 km/h
SingerIsACrook	Not Recommended	6.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Singerisacrook/	I don't reccomend this game right now. Not because it's bad. it's quite fun tbh, however it's clunky as all hell right now. I believe the price is very high for this game. This game is a 10 dollar game at best. What I like about the game- I like the gameplay, it's fun to actually have to scope out and plan a robbery, I have never seen a game like this before, it's original, if you will. I enjoy having to pick and choose items to take. the game is just fun. What I don't like about the game- Buggy, Clunky, Unrealistic, repetetive. you get caught so easily for stupid reasons, I'm trying to rob a guys tablet from a safe in his house but if he see's me for a split second, it's mission failed because he has a gun. if someone you're trying to rob sees you, the cops come IMMEDIATELY, no calling animation. The biggest gripe I have with this game, is how there is really no risk to getting caught or risk in general. if you mess up, you start your checkpoint over. I wish you had to really plan out what you needed to do in order to succeed. you need to clean your tracks. you can rob a house and they won't even remember it the next day. "oh my tv is gone" no cops watching the house, nothing. no risk to robbing a place. This game is very good so far, very fun and original, a little repetetive but that's okay. fix the bugs and when the game is polished up. that's when I think it's worth the 20 dollars. I reccomend getting the game on sale. it's a good play.
Schmuddel	Recommended	2.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/perrysaturnlegsweep2000/	I don't know if this game can be properly called a "simulator" but it takes on elements of the stealth genre that seem to be largely ignored in most titles. For example, you need to actually drive to a pawn shop to sell your stolen wares, you need to scope robbery locations to learn the inhabitants' patterns before sneaking in, if you break your lockpick then you need to buy a new one, and perhaps most relevant to the profession of thievery, confrontation with the police is absolutely not an option. It's surprisingly more polished and in-depth than the legions of cookie cutter "gamer YouTubers" who have pounced on this game like hyenas would otherwise evince. It carves a niche in the stealth genre for itself by doing what other stealth titles won't do: stop imitating the classic stealth titles of old and bring stealth as close to reality as one can expect. The closest comparison I can think of to any other game would be stealth in Payday 2; if you enjoy the stealth in that game then you will love this one. The game could use a bit more polish and the performance is not great, but what's here so far is very impressive. Don't dismiss this as another indie Unity title.
Brah	Recommended	7.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197995027684/	It is a game.
L U N A / R \	Not Recommended	0.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/LunaFr0st/	Game just feels kinda dull and lacks a sense of excitement and fear. your heart should be racing as you narrowly escape a house with a load of loot but it just doesn't. maybe give it a few months but at the moment it's a no from me.
szyszaf	Recommended	0.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/szyszaf/	After a short beginning I can tell that the game call me back. Good job. Recommended if looking at factor price / quality game-play.
ุ₭ ḭ ẻ ṝ ả ₦	Not Recommended	8.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Kierancs/	A really fun game but 15 quid for a game that takes 8 hours to complete is kinda bad but overall really fun to play
bbglas007	Not Recommended	31.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/bbglas007/	-Only 1 big item fits in your car when it could clearly fit 5+ items-Only one quick slot avaliable even though the GUI looks like a Quadrant and could support 4-cant jump. lol-cant buy a van-aim kind sucks. feels like Im steering a sniper rifle trying to pick up tiny objects-driving is a touch lame-the cops come INSTANTANEOUSLY! too unrealistic imo - They could have experimented with a lot more depth if there was a time delay (history and reputation of the area could theoretiocally imapacted the game)This game is a lot of fun but by no means is it a simulator. I really enoyed it and ièd honestly give it a 6 out of 10 but for the reasons above, it really just feels a bit half baked. Id love to have seen it really fleshed out, it could toatally take off and be expandable in many ways. I really hope this isnt the end and I do hope to see more content, hopefully some dlc stuff that addresses the above
redwizard000	Not Recommended	1.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/redwizard000/	Should call it dish and toilet breaker simulator. Lockpicking mechanics are a blatant rip off of Elder Scrolls and Fallout; blatant, as in, the game didn't even need to teach me how to do it. Driving mechanics are awful I have gotten my car stuck twice and had to reload. Police will arrest you for having the audacity of blocking a pedestrians path or being seen standing around on a sidewalk holding a crowbar. Walk to a persons front door in broad daylight? CALL THE COPS! HE'S TRESSPASSING! Maybe I was just spreadin' the word? I like how if you set off someones alarm without anyone seeing you and you get away from the house if you cross paths with the police car the laser eyed pro detectives of whatever city KNOW it was you and imediately arrest you; you don't even get to try to run away, the game just stops if you get within the big red circle of the police car. I mean it MUST be you right? Only the player would break a window... But if you are hiding in a dumpster directly under the broken window the cops don't bother to check it. Very dated stealth mechanics... Also, when the police decide to leave they simply vanish into thin air... poof. Come on, at least have them drive off screen before despawing.The story line is some bad stereotype mafiaesque guy named "vinnie" who calls you up and asks you to do thievie things like break a window and run away, or smash someones toilet or break someones dishes. IDK, maybe if you suffer through it long enough it gets better? But I am on my third in a row request to break something because the game feels the need to break it's tutorial missions down into teeny tiny baby steps where each insignificant feature of the game is it's own 5 minute mission.Why am I going to another house to smash a toilet? Didn't we do that in the last mission? Why is the mob putting a hit out on some guy's window? Why is Vinnie so insistant that I steal a wood paneled 1987 Trinitron looking TV? He says "it's worth a buck!" And he is right, it is probably worth about a buck... No theif in the era of flatscreens would steal that thing, unless he was a crackhead and I don't think my character is a crackhead.Got very board very quickly.
Gravemore	Not Recommended	0.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198005284084/	Clunky, Ugly, Unfinished
Louzsy	Recommended	1.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Louzsy/	A very fun game so far beautiful graphics and very promising after the wait
Statera	Recommended	8.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198044504740/	finally an new thief came that doesnt completely suck♥♥♥♥♥
snafuu	Recommended	3.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/fartbandito/	Kinda crusty, plenty thiefy. Doesn't overstay its welcome and reasonable value.
TwinedPanic	Recommended	56.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198122334073/	This game is really cool it has decent graphics and gameplay. if it had a freeroam aspect to it then this game would be perfect
Not a Smurf Nate2034	Recommended	11.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198057884313/	The game is good except for house 103 omg you get spotted from out side well you are trying to crack the safe you get stuck on the windows trying to clime out of the roof windows and you cant shut the windows from in side ether. Plz fix
WulfBreaker	Not Recommended	0.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197997951731/	game is a good concept. but the cops are SOOOO stupid. as in DUMB AI. hopefully they update it and stuff.
WulfBreaker	Not Recommended	0.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197997951731/	game is a good concept. but the cops are SOOOO stupid. as in DUMB AI. hopefully they update it and stuff.
snafuu	Recommended	3.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/fartbandito/	Kinda crusty, plenty thiefy. Doesn't overstay its welcome and reasonable value.
Shayshayshakey	Not Recommended	1.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/NOICE101/	i have no idea what i expected when i bought this, but i definitely wouldn't recommend picking this up for anything over $10.it feels cheap and like a VERY early early access game even though its not.
Роскомнадзор	Not Recommended	0.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198003311451/	Nope on that one.Game in current state is really nothing you can expect from its price. Let's say we keep price tag. I wanna see: - Better AI - Civilian animations - Identity changes - Prison breaksFor starters. As a thief i wanna read bout myself in a news paper, or any other media source.I wanna wake up, as my house being raided by police, since i was cought on the tape, and didn't even changed the car plates. I wanna get shoot and die, if i won't compy to surrender, or wanna be shoot dead because of some redneck....I bet this is not in this game, and won't be. Also, i suspect that the REAL thief in this game is a developer itself.(BTW hate the games that throw bunch of Engine effects on your GPU, and expect you to think the game is pretty. THis is LAME.) 
Bugspray	Recommended	114.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Bugspray/	It was pretty good.I did not play it for 115 hours ^, I left it on while working.All in all it plays pretty well, and I enjoyed myself.I feel like there could have been a little bit more bang for the buck, but all in all I gotmore enjoyment out of it than a movie with snacks, which would have cost more.Thanks to DevilDogGamer & the devs giving him early access to hook me on the purchase.
CamikaZSquirrel	Not Recommended	7.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/CamikaZSquirrel/	Story line is too short. When you do beat it and do the final task...it will ask you to do the item again, if you go back and reload your profile. Quite annoying.Far too many bugs and not enough content within the game for what you are paying for.Can tell this was a game the developers just threw out onto the market to make a quick buck, without really testing the product.
Jakethegreat	Recommended	10.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/8675019/	 I was writing an amazing masterpiece of a review, but then I accidently closed the page, so here is my final Review, but smaller - Game is enjoyable, but is very repetive (Same thing over and over)- AI is kinda wack OH AND I SWEAR TO GOD TRYING TO HIDE IS THE HARDEST♥♥♥♥♥♥EVER BECAUSE YOU MUST LOOK ON A CERTAIN PLACE ON THE TRASHCAN,ESC TO GET IN LMAOOO  
Sgt. Anus	Not Recommended	1.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/LargeSarge/	It is a fun game but the leveling system needs to be fixed, the fourth or fith ♥♥♥♥in mission I do I cannot complete stealthy because literally everything I need to break in successfully and NOT be seen is locked with level 2 and 4 abilities on the skill tree. Not a big deal right? Wrong cos instead of having seperate skill trees for the abilities you want and can/need to use early on in the game are locked behind other more usless abilities that you HAVE to unlock before you can even think about getting your foot in the door with say agility. best way to describe this is, say you wanna climb over the vines, well you need level 2 agility. Instead of having different skill tree types (kinda like Payday 2 where you have like the enforcer skill sets and the stealth skill sets ect) you only have one skill tree and all the other abilities are forced to be locked behind other more useless abilities. So in order to be effective you apparently NEED to upgrade two lockpicks before your "theif" can even learn to PICK UP A ♥♥♥♥ING BRICK. HOW THE ♥♥♥♥ DO YOU NOT KNOW HOW TO THROW A ♥♥♥♥ING BRICK? (its locked with LEVEL 1 AGILITY....HOW IS THAT ♥♥♥♥ING AGILE?) Like that really breaks the game, I wanna stealth all this♥♥♥♥♥♥but I can't I was tryoing to break a toliet and all I had was two lock pick types and the ability to throw a brick, I cant enter the people's house cos the ♥♥♥♥ing husband wont sleep and just keeps seeing me and struggling to go to sleep. The SECOND I climbed into the bedroom window (only open window) he IMMEDIATLY sees me and the cops are there faster than the ♥♥♥♥ing GTA V cops. There's challange and then there's just not thinkng the mechanics through, and this game becomes hard because the mechanics arent very well thought out. If the skill trees get fixed I'll probably play this again till then I'm guesing I'll just wait like i did with payday to get better. (it never did though :/)
The Antagonist.	Recommended	0.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Maleboulge/	Product received for free
MinoLex : AlexMihai	Recommended	15.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/AlexMihaiP/	Very Good game but it is to small.I have finish the game in 12 hours.Please do an updatre with new city and to buy more things like weapons cars and houses.
Sgt. Anus	Not Recommended	1.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/LargeSarge/	It is a fun game but the leveling system needs to be fixed, the fourth or fith ♥♥♥♥in mission I do I cannot complete stealthy because literally everything I need to break in successfully and NOT be seen is locked with level 2 and 4 abilities on the skill tree. Not a big deal right? Wrong cos instead of having seperate skill trees for the abilities you want and can/need to use early on in the game are locked behind other more usless abilities that you HAVE to unlock before you can even think about getting your foot in the door with say agility. best way to describe this is, say you wanna climb over the vines, well you need level 2 agility. Instead of having different skill tree types (kinda like Payday 2 where you have like the enforcer skill sets and the stealth skill sets ect) you only have one skill tree and all the other abilities are forced to be locked behind other more useless abilities. So in order to be effective you apparently NEED to upgrade two lockpicks before your "theif" can even learn to PICK UP A ♥♥♥♥ING BRICK. HOW THE ♥♥♥♥ DO YOU NOT KNOW HOW TO THROW A ♥♥♥♥ING BRICK? (its locked with LEVEL 1 AGILITY....HOW IS THAT ♥♥♥♥ING AGILE?) Like that really breaks the game, I wanna stealth all this♥♥♥♥♥♥but I can't I was tryoing to break a toliet and all I had was two lock pick types and the ability to throw a brick, I cant enter the people's house cos the ♥♥♥♥ing husband wont sleep and just keeps seeing me and struggling to go to sleep. The SECOND I climbed into the bedroom window (only open window) he IMMEDIATLY sees me and the cops are there faster than the ♥♥♥♥ing GTA V cops. There's challange and then there's just not thinkng the mechanics through, and this game becomes hard because the mechanics arent very well thought out. If the skill trees get fixed I'll probably play this again till then I'm guesing I'll just wait like i did with payday to get better. (it never did though :/)
ijsPod	Recommended	6.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ijspod/	TriHard 7
DC	Recommended	2.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Diseasedcrow/	I like the concept, its executed fairly well, AI seems a bit♥♥♥♥♥♥ I'm sure it'll improve :)
Negan	Recommended	15.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/srodrig25/	Product received for free
[HoV] AbdulSamet el-badadi	Recommended	1.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198384773821/	bu oyunu yapanların anasını sikiyim eğlenceli ama yeni sokak eklemeleri lazım kazım amcaları soymaktan bıktım amk
GimmeGimmeGimme	Recommended	23.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198010269578/	Awesome game... after awaiting this game for months, I have reached the 100% game content in 22 hrs.And now I will wait for the next updates for this game.. Everything was really well done.. some really minorbugs that I found, but I am sure the DEV's are working eagerly already to get rid of them.The only "bad" thing in this game is, that the story is pretty short (for now) after you finish the story, you have nothing really new to steal... Thank you for this game.. I bought it for 18€ I guess and it was totally worth it...Did I already mention? - I <3 this game - Thank you so much
SirWaffles The 3rd	Recommended	9.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/morshostibusmeis/	-Broke in to a home-Stole an Xbox-Took too long looting-Light comes on in the hallway-He didn’t notice the home had been robbed?????-Froze up then guy starts coming my way, so I hide under the bed-He goes to sleep in the same bed-I crawl from under the bed like a monster-Sneak to the window and forget to open slowly-He wakes up and calls the police -I ran to the border of the map like an illegal immigrant trying to get to the US10/10
Pinock	Not Recommended	19.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197987352556/	Unfortunately I didn't notice that authors of this game are the same authors of "Demolish and build" "masterpiece".Repetetive and not interesting game.
halfrets	Not Recommended	1.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198067230037/	Diggn the concept, no bugs or lags, works flawlessly, but the graphics, world, gameplay is uninspiring, dreary. Must sucks balls to be a thief.
FAZE XXAdrian	Recommended	16.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/34569810/	Product received for free
XXX133	Not Recommended	2.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/asd_gegeda/	REALLY ♥♥♥♥♥♥. NOT WORTH THE PRICE
Genises150	Not Recommended	0.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198029421733/	I Cant Reccomend it at this time,The Map feels Bare bones & their is alot of contentmissing, although their are some good features implementedi did not find the game to be an overly enjoyable experience. after the tutorial i was done.The Map is very dead, small & restricitve to about 20 houses their are no shops or different buildings other than the Pawn Shop which you fast travel too, the Ai need alot of work also, ambient sounds & Chatter aswell as Ai Behaviour.If you are willing to wait it out for new content, i reccomend waiting for it to go sale.
Saint6	Not Recommended	9.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198088514782/	This game is terrible.  The AI are dumb, there's no actual police chases, they just appear from nowhere and arrest you.  The mechanics are almost enjoyable, but replayability is non existent.  Save your 15 bucks.  This game is hardly worth $5.
Jimmy Dali	Recommended	26.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/JimmyDali/	Product received for free
Inspiron7567	Not Recommended	0.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198815587894/	horrible♥♥♥♥♥optimization...
ghost	Not Recommended	1.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/qcfred1991/	i hesitate to refund its not really fun and ugly looking
Rodiercz	Recommended	13.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/rodiercz/	Finally! new simulator game that is:- original- good optimization- nice graphic- almost no bugs- big progress in stealing.. at end you are de-montage cars like in CMS This game is just pure fun. I love this idea, its pretty simply..but its very hard to create polished game like this.  its like made from AAA studio :)  I cant wait for future updates and DLCs (i hope they will add it.. so game will not die) My score:  8/10-1 for instant travel, instead having larger map where you will manually drive -1 because there are no progress updates for your house/car/pc   :(  ~ driving car is very arcade, no mirrors..but on other side, when you are afk on drive, police will tow  you for blocking road :DD  police ai is very good
Smex Gamdom.com	Recommended	7.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/135795/	Very good and promising game, however if you are looking for a full game with lots and lots of different things to do you would want to wait untill the game is finishedGreat potential! Great value! unlike other overpriced series!
Awesome7Alex | Skinhub.com	Recommended	15.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/AwesomeAlex03/	Like the Game. I recommend this game for 10 or older in able to play this game. It would be weird for a 8 year old to play this game because they most likely wouldn't know what they would be doing. I believe above the age 10. People would be more mature on this topic of Theft.
Tigris	Recommended	14.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TIGRIS32/	The majority of people in the reviews play the game for 1 millisecond then say "ohhh the game is bad" That's steam reviewers for you.THIS IS GOOD GAME
snake_slayer360	Not Recommended	0.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/13445629/	Good game. But bad controls.Why is there a "camera control?" The game doesn't work with the camera movement and you have to set key binds for moving your camera. It's a great game but WHY THE HeCk ARE THERE CAMERA CONTROL IN THE SETTINGS? I can't use the mouse. Maybe it's only me and if so. I would like it to work.
N0S3C	Recommended	3.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/N0S3C/	So, the game is very fun, its cheap, the graphics are okay but the biggest positive this game has are the mechanics they are so good some complicated some not but its a thief simulator what would you expect. Also, the story is good from what I have seen so far and its pretty much perfect. :D
tyrannosaurus oof	Recommended	4.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198358748342/	very fun game, i recommend a lot :)
WBsteve	Recommended	2.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197989333825/	lots of funhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yq2qSELkm9s&t=5s 
XXRIPXX	Recommended	13.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198835975412/	great game, all the missions are different form each others, but the game content is short i hope they add more content in the future
Tiran	Recommended	12.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Dariustiran/	so boring because is like just stole and go back go stole  
slenderloris69	Recommended	14.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198377470979/	Awesome game! Really hoping for lots of new content. 10/10
Ziney	Recommended	1.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ziney1/	Great game graphics are pollished havent found any issues with bugs.
Gaurddog335	Recommended	2.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198368130026/	Devolpers if your hearing this then fix this issue. When i try the second lock picking minigame in the garage. It doesn't work. The problem is when the the thing hits the bottom and i click it says that its not in. I cant even pick the lock. It tells me to hit s to lower the pick. Which i did. Then it told me for when the pick reaches the bottom click the mouse button 0. Which I did, but it doesnt work. So i kept on doing it over and over again but it just doesnt work.
titanopteryx	Recommended	10.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/titanopteryx/	It's pretty fun. There's a story, but you can keep playing afterward. The houses start off easy but get more difficult as you progress. The game has a rpg level up system with xp and skills. You get xp based when you get back home with whatever you took. The xp comes from the items and also how stealthy you were. There's a big neighborhood with several houses. The story takes you to the houses one by one but you can freely progress forward or return to previous houses. The only real limit is how many skills you've unlocked.I recommend this game if you enjoy stealth gameplay. There isn't any fighting in case that's you're looking for.
Cloorhinee	Recommended	12.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198035301357/	Haven't put in serious hours yet...But so far its good, obviously the game has some glitches here and there but what can you expect , the game just came out. If you like a stealthy game with a bit of realism its waiting for ya pal :D
Sandalio!	Recommended	4.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198087638217/	been looking forward to this game for a bit. love the sneak and steal genre, still needs a bit more polish. but overall very fun! just dont minimise your game. if you do take note of your resolution. noticed it resets if you minimise the game.other than that just a few bugs here and there but still a fun game that put you on edge. especially when breaking into a house  with NPC's in it!
Wholesometrout0	Recommended	16.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198134668932/	it has a few blemishes and awkward npc movements/awareness but it was JUST released, and over all, its definitly worth the purchase as long as they continue to fix and add content.
CAZ42	Recommended	13.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198097568310/	I like it. Obviously not in America or you'd be getting killed over even a matress in a alley but great game. Crazy addicting, really fun game can't wait to see what's added next. 
BTdusk	Recommended	2.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198066596309/	Great immersive game. Has a real eerie feeling when robbing homes, love it. Y'all should add character customization though!
alexandreieml1	Recommended	13.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198331996913/	and you will pls add mor cars to buy and the space in the cars
rafey.asim2	Recommended	30.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Rafeyasim2/	I loved every bit of the game. This is what you call a proper simulator game. What I love the most about it that when you leave the computer, and try to jump down (to take a shortcut) it doesn't allow you because no one would "JUMP DOWN"2) The idea of "RENT A THUG" is a great way to earn alot of money3) The running speed of the thief is very accurate. Coz when you get caught, you run for you life  :PI loved each an every piece of the game and I would love to recommend it to anyone and everyone.9/10
[HUN]Private Mark	Recommended	26.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/PrivateMark/	The Thief Simulator is a great game, tries something new in a somewhat open world.Your task is mainly to... well... steal stuff, hence the name of the game.You start small and as you get more and more experience, loot, then money, you canbuy better equipment to try yourself by better houses.At the moment the house categries are:- Abandoned/Poor- Middle class- Wealthy - LuxuriousWith each category, breaking in and stealing stuff gets more and more harder.Maybe the house has more residents, or they wont go out at the same time,making it someone always being in the house.Your gadgets vary from manual  to mechanical, to eletronic use.To add something to realism, some items break if you try to force your way through.PROs:- Each house category is different, with AI having different daily routine- Thief tools are easy to use - Can steal a lot of stuff, almost every item in the house- AI is smart on some degree (if you park on their driveway, they will call the police)- Can buy informations of set house (routune, loot location, security infos)Game gives you a lot of challange whle not making everything extremely hard, true, you can turn offthe map, noise indicator, detection via "Hard mode" to make things more challenging.You are always on tension not to be detected and pull of a stealth "mission" whilegetting the most worthy loot.CONs:- Cops come way too fast (People see you in their house, scream and boom, cops are there in a minute)l understand that this is a game, time flies fast, but if they would run to the phone that is in the house or havea mobile phone animation that they are calling the cops, that would be nice. Like... you could cut the phone cable, so even they see you they can1t call the cops, yet after a while the neighbour would be alerted by the sound and they call them.- People on the streets are triggered by everything.You stand too long in front of them? CopsYou have a binocular out? Must be a thief! CopsYour car blocks a pixel of the road so they can't contiue go ahead? CopsYou walk on the grass close to the fence? Well... no cops, but they will call if you are there too long.Crouching at wierd place? Cops! "rips squating slavs*On the other hand, if they see you with a stolen "big" item, they get suspicious, only until you drop it... lol- As mentioned by other ppl, crouch walking can be buggy if you walk on stairs, or over obstacles.l couldn't go into the garage frm the outside because l was crouching.- If you drive away with a car, but you get "halted" by a guard, mission is over.l seen this in a youtube video, l find it kinda stupid, if you drive away with.. let's say 30km/h and someone shouts at you "halt" you just keep driving, maybe 1 or 2 bullet goes after you, but still can drive away.All in all, the game is really fun and worth buying it!What they could add to the game:- Free mode after you finish the game (sort of like new game+)- co-op mode, either for free mode or story mode- co-op 2 mode where 1 player has only the bag while the other has all the equipment, would be interesting to see something like that.
TheHairlessChimp	Recommended	6.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/HairlessChimp/	Good game I'm having fun with it. Jewlery and Cars take way too long to break down but other than that its worth the money for sure.
LadyQuackers	Recommended	17.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198274750335/	Super fun, I hope they plan on adding more levels because it's pretty short
Kyuuketsu	Recommended	9.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197995917598/	Very fun game. Thrilling, and makes you use your problem solving skills especially at the last house. Managed to finish the story mode in 8 hours, kind of sad that this is it so far. Although only played it on easy mode, I'll retry it in hard mode in the future.Definitely could use a little expansion:-Cars should be more common, and a car parts dealership as well as total disassembly of cars would be nice. I would not want the evidence laying in my garden, now would I?-Maybe after story mode unlock a sandbox gamemode where you try and make a living get nice house, car and work towards leading a luxurious life and not just for the maffia.-Eventually more neighbourhoods would be nice as well, after a few hours every house in game is easy. A randomly generated neighbourhood which changes on every visit.-Who have seen a thief only work with a little car? A pickup truck, a van or something upgradeable would be real great.Anyways, definitely a fun game, I look forward to future expansions and could recommend this game to anyone who like sneaking and puzzles. Especially to those who have hard time in Assasins Creed doing sneak missions.
Catastrophology	Recommended	13.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Kniperdolling/	Better than I expected.You can rob them during the day or the night.You can hide in ridiculous places.Cops are not very intelligent, they wont look inside wardrobe if you are hiding there, unless someone spotted you.I noticed the lock picking mechanism can be compared to skyrim. (level 1). Level 2 is like a standard household lock. The way you lock pick to enter is very similar to the real deal.Not sure about the deeper realism, but so far it looks great.RPG and talent tree is easy to understand.The down side is the driving. It's far from realistic, but this isnt a driving simulator. Cant really complain about that.
Brwnteee RLSwaps.com	Recommended	11.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198264080583/	Great game overall but theres still a lot of bugs, officers can catch you even when your hiding, i hid under a bed and the officer caught me when he was UPSTAIRS from the house
dennispcarlson55	Recommended	13.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198126875332/	It’s a fun game to pastime but I hope they add more to it.
BTdusk	Recommended	2.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198066596309/	Great immersive game. Has a real eerie feeling when robbing homes, love it. Y'all should add character customization though!
Cloorhinee	Recommended	12.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198035301357/	Haven't put in serious hours yet...But so far its good, obviously the game has some glitches here and there but what can you expect , the game just came out. If you like a stealthy game with a bit of realism its waiting for ya pal :D
Sandalio!	Recommended	4.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198087638217/	been looking forward to this game for a bit. love the sneak and steal genre, still needs a bit more polish. but overall very fun! just dont minimise your game. if you do take note of your resolution. noticed it resets if you minimise the game.other than that just a few bugs here and there but still a fun game that put you on edge. especially when breaking into a house  with NPC's in it!
Wholesometrout0	Recommended	16.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198134668932/	it has a few blemishes and awkward npc movements/awareness but it was JUST released, and over all, its definitly worth the purchase as long as they continue to fix and add content.
Gaurddog335	Recommended	2.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198368130026/	Devolpers if your hearing this then fix this issue. When i try the second lock picking minigame in the garage. It doesn't work. The problem is when the the thing hits the bottom and i click it says that its not in. I cant even pick the lock. It tells me to hit s to lower the pick. Which i did. Then it told me for when the pick reaches the bottom click the mouse button 0. Which I did, but it doesnt work. So i kept on doing it over and over again but it just doesnt work.
Ziney	Recommended	1.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ziney1/	Great game graphics are pollished havent found any issues with bugs.
Brwnteee RLSwaps.com	Recommended	11.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198264080583/	Great game overall but theres still a lot of bugs, officers can catch you even when your hiding, i hid under a bed and the officer caught me when he was UPSTAIRS from the house
dennispcarlson55	Recommended	13.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198126875332/	It’s a fun game to pastime but I hope they add more to it.
AvrilLavigneismylife	Recommended	2.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/juninho171/	Muito bom esse jogo, não é enjoativo, super recomendo nota: 6 porque não tem a fisica e graficos bem trabalhados mas para um simulador de ladrão tá otímo, mas a proposta de jogar vai da pessoa por exemplo se vc já foi roubado vc vai odiar.Lockpicking, Roubos a casas, Vandalismo.Esses são os principais tipos de crimes no jogoeu procuro pedir reembolso quando não gosto da proposta de um game, quando tem uma boa pra que desinstalar se você pode ter varios momentos de diversão.  NAO APOIO E NUNCA APOIAREI LADRÕES PRA MIM TEM QUE SE FD CABO POHA CABO
Hairy PIckle	Recommended	9.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198122269284/	Good but a little short
Reliving	Recommended	25.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198353310721/	fun and challenging great game
Azgarath[PL]	Recommended	20.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198020474812/	Love this game we want more i recommend this game great fun..... waiting for some DLC or Thief Simulator 2?????
Catalyst	Recommended	17.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198041582641/	Very fun game, but it does need a bit more content.
RockerMichael22	Recommended	5.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198090548217/	Spoiler Alert (you have been warned:This game was actually pretty cool, and actually pretty well detailed and accurate with things like hotwiring, lockpicking, and breaking into a car door.But what the hell was that ending, I trusted Vinny, I was not expecting to get bombed and then the credits to roll, what the absolute hell.
Ligma	Recommended	11.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/dbkpop/	Great game! I do have a few issues though. Firstly, the police arrive WAY to quickly. When a tenant sees me in their house and scream, they don't even call the police, they just show up. I also dislike how the police know EXACTLY where you are, and you can't escape by being in a different area except by going into a hiding space. Other than that, the mechanics of the game are smooth, the game is very fun, and I look forward to seeing this game and its community grow larger and better.8.5/10 too many pedestrians
Oshinh	Recommended	11.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/oshinh/	Beat the game in less than 12 hours. I seriously wish there was more content/neighborhoods/cars. Surprised this game isnt labelled as early access as I found a good amount of things wrong with the game. Examples include, but not limited to, climbing outside 2nd story windows and getting stuck in the roof and needing to revert to last checkpoint (and btw, you dont get checkpoints once you are inside of a house so I needed to restart the entire house), dropping items in tight spaces and them literally flying across the house and sometimes they even flew outside the house, and my car not making sound (or making weird sounds) sometimes when I drive it. The cops are also super unrealistic and theres no real threat when they are called on you (which happens a lot, someone literally once called the cops on me because I was on the sidewalk holding binoculars). And also the ending was very predictable and I wish it was different. All in all, I really enjoyed the time I did get with this game but I reaaaaaaally wish it wasnt as buggy and that there was a lot more than 12 hours worth of content, but I did enjoy what content there is.  
AvrilLavigneismylife	Recommended	2.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/juninho171/	Muito bom esse jogo, não é enjoativo, super recomendo nota: 6 porque não tem a fisica e graficos bem trabalhados mas para um simulador de ladrão tá otímo, mas a proposta de jogar vai da pessoa por exemplo se vc já foi roubado vc vai odiar.Lockpicking, Roubos a casas, Vandalismo.Esses são os principais tipos de crimes no jogoeu procuro pedir reembolso quando não gosto da proposta de um game, quando tem uma boa pra que desinstalar se você pode ter varios momentos de diversão.  NAO APOIO E NUNCA APOIAREI LADRÕES PRA MIM TEM QUE SE FD CABO POHA CABO
RockerMichael22	Recommended	5.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198090548217/	Spoiler Alert (you have been warned:This game was actually pretty cool, and actually pretty well detailed and accurate with things like hotwiring, lockpicking, and breaking into a car door.But what the hell was that ending, I trusted Vinny, I was not expecting to get bombed and then the credits to roll, what the absolute hell.
Azgarath[PL]	Recommended	20.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198020474812/	Love this game we want more i recommend this game great fun..... waiting for some DLC or Thief Simulator 2?????
Catalyst	Recommended	17.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198041582641/	Very fun game, but it does need a bit more content.
Stale Bread	Recommended	5.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198084552229/	Neat.
capvoid	Recommended	0.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198863860333/	Fine
Oshinh	Recommended	11.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/oshinh/	Beat the game in less than 12 hours. I seriously wish there was more content/neighborhoods/cars. Surprised this game isnt labelled as early access as I found a good amount of things wrong with the game. Examples include, but not limited to, climbing outside 2nd story windows and getting stuck in the roof and needing to revert to last checkpoint (and btw, you dont get checkpoints once you are inside of a house so I needed to restart the entire house), dropping items in tight spaces and them literally flying across the house and sometimes they even flew outside the house, and my car not making sound (or making weird sounds) sometimes when I drive it. The cops are also super unrealistic and theres no real threat when they are called on you (which happens a lot, someone literally once called the cops on me because I was on the sidewalk holding binoculars). And also the ending was very predictable and I wish it was different. All in all, I really enjoyed the time I did get with this game but I reaaaaaaally wish it wasnt as buggy and that there was a lot more than 12 hours worth of content, but I did enjoy what content there is.  
HOTKOKO	Recommended	22.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198364299017/	I think It's good simulator game. I enjoy your game.Keep going.คิดว่าเป็นเกมจำลองที่ดีครับ ผมชอบเกมคุณนะพัฒนาต่อไปครับ
QProJoeQ	Recommended	16.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/qprojoeq/	Thief Simulator is a fun casual game to pass time, yes it is a little buggy from my experience but not unplayable by any means. It was actually a very fun experience playing this game after college and what not, progressing through the skill trees and getting new items. One of the best feelings is when you've been trying to still that one car and on the 10th try you finally get away from the blimmin guard. I feel like the game needs polishing and the game story is too short, having said that it is a new game so I can't be too picky. The developers seem very active in updating the game, responding to discussions and listening to suggestions so that is promising. I hope maybe in the future they add more storylines or neighbourhoods and possibly co-op.Overall a good casual game if you're casual and not a tryhard who plays FPS's all the time.
Bigrigfrosty	Recommended	2.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/bigrigfrosty/	Fun game, with lots of skills and tools to unlock as you progress, time management is crucial when trying to break in and loot before tennants arrive back home, I have enjoyed it a lot so far and hope to see extra added content in the future such as customization to your own home and more leisure things to do in between thief missions, overall I would give this 4/5 stars as far as overall enjoyment goes, price is affordable too for what you get.
rynorules20	Recommended	12.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198070778699/	*TLDR - This is a great game for $20! I've played around 12 hours and it took about 10 hours to finish the main story. But it's 10 hours spent completely enthralled in the game. Before you know it, it's about out of content BUT the devs are WORKING DILIGENTLY and I'm keeping track of the updates because I can't wait to play again.   *Short but sweet. Worth 20 bucks and the devs are continually working to provide more content and fixes. So I will be back.
Slimpickins	Recommended	42.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198058021632/	So much potential. Graphics are good; what you want in a VIDEO game.  Visuals are important. Bad video is like going to a movie theater and watching cartoons on a big screen.  I would like to see more neigborhoods added and more content like stealing from a corporate office or providing espionage for a corporate rival or something along those lines. Better AI in the NPCs would be more realistic. eg security changes when their house is robbed more than once, etc. It's also way too easy to hide from police in the very house you were spotted in. Other than that... a great game full of potential.   Hope the devs don't leave this one alone!!
Bambieeta-	Recommended	12.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/shepherd01/	what's wrong with this game ??i do my job, i do♥♥♥♥♥♥,i steal everything he want but .. ???hahhh~ whatever dude i work for nothing7/10
Voxel	Recommended	14.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198057456675/	AI is extremely bad, game is alright tho. I wrote a long detailed review and it didnt get posted so here is this review of nothingness... :(
llShawnall	Recommended	8.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/llShawnall/	Good game, Can finally be a black person without the jail time
OffstageAlmond5	Not Recommended	1.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/offstagealmond/	I liked the game while I played it, but it definitely wasn't worth 15 pounds. The game is a sort of open world where you can scout out peoples houses and rob them for money. As you progress you get more skills and equipment etc, etc. The gameplay is quite fun but it just feels... unfinished.For the amount of money it is buyable at now (15 pounds/20 dollars) I just can't suggest it. I recommend you get it at a later state.
xieshuohuang	Not Recommended	1.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198243484932/	Get bored after an hour of playtime
T.tv | Fabric_Cat	Not Recommended	0.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kebabsolutezero/	Terrible.First mission "Hide the crowbar." I hid the crowbar. In the long grass next to a tree.Second mission, you can only break through the fence (you can't climb fences by the way, in a thief simulator, I want to live in the country the developers have based this on). I need the crowbar. But it's gone, hidden away and despawned. Sick.Make new profile. Don't hide the crowbar, just unequip it. Do the stupid tasks.Get stuck between your PC and the couch. Reload a save. Try again. Buy a screwdriver and a bobby pin for $20. On second thoughts, I don't want to live where the developers are.Break some dishes. Break a window. Just normal thieving things. More like Thug Simulator.Crash your car causing massive front end damage. $1 repair. Flip the car down a small rocky outcrop and watch it auto flip itself right again. $3 repair.Break into a house, get seen, don't give a ♥♥♥♥ because this game is a refund anyway. Get halfway through the task of smashing someone's toilet whilst they're inside the house. Don't get citizen's arrested by the occupiers. Don't get arrested by the Police. Instantly just lose the game and slowly face a random direction whilst horror-themed music plays because the Police impounded the car.GGWP Had so much potential but I have no idea how this has positive reviews.
DrPooChew	Recommended	2.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/DrPooChew/	nothing make my benis hard like stealing
jdubs730	Not Recommended	36.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jdubs730/	Not sure it can be called a completed game in it's current form. AI is terrible. Driving is wonky. Walking is difficult. You'll get stuck in doorways and on stairs or anywhere the surface changes. It's also a very tiny game. You get a single neighborhood of a dozen or so houses to rob and that's it. If it was bug free MAYBE it would be worth the $20 ask. I've played about 9 hours and I've gone in every house. Get it cheap during a sale
GrandPaSeb	Not Recommended	0.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198089225039/	the game is ugly, controls are clunky so when it comes to sneaking you will usually lose.
Massimo	Recommended	8.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198117724933/	<3333333333333333333333333333333
kackeroth	Recommended	1.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/kackeroth/	Full (or almost "full") controller support, please. Then I'll speak my mind.
Ludren	Not Recommended	0.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/LudrenDragon/	Game does not perform well, struggled too much following developers suggestions, not worth the effort. Refunded. Too bad, the concept seemed pretty fun.
kartul	Not Recommended	13.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Potatodealer2000/	to be honest this game is not worth 20€. finished the game in 10 hours.
Jujubunicorn	Not Recommended	0.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jujubunicorn/	Dont buy this game! The trialer and screenshots all paint a very good picture but this game is unfinished and boring.
- xlilcutie	Recommended	13.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/najtofficial/	Simple Game! Best spent buck in 6 months. An amazing game just needs more updates. (aka Bigger Cars)
Jimmy Neutron	Not Recommended	0.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/nboss35/	Couldn't get past first mission, crowbar disappeared from inventory when I was spotted and I never got it back
delanrecca	Recommended	10.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198819540550/	where can i find the save game location of this?
𝘼𝙣𝙙𝙚𝙧𝙨𝙤𝙣	Recommended	1.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/LieutenantAnderson/	░░░░░░░░░░░████░░░░░░░░░░░█░░█░░░░░░░░░░█░░░█░░░░░░░░░█░░░░███████▄▄█░░░░░███▄▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░
flexi123000	Recommended	9.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198295028716/	Very fun game and the graphics are also very good. The only thing I don't like is: You can only put 1 big item in the car. Also I would love to see steam cloud support.
MrCow5503	Recommended	7.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198215643293/	The game literally came out two days ago, so I assumed there would be some major bugs. I have played 4+ hours and haven’t seen any major bugs. The gameplay is very thrilling. There is just somthing about breaking into some rich persons house and stealing their♥♥♥♥♥♥that makes me happy.
🚾 Toilet 🚾	Recommended	2.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198118752967/	Would be much better with a coop, it's a very basic game but it is pretty fun, great to kill some time.
NafNaf	Recommended	22.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198194665733/	Good game, A lot of potential. Hope it will progress with more maps and features.After playing it for 18hrs I had some nostalgy about Hitman and after trying out new Hitman demo I can assure you that Thief Simulator is 200% better
0341motorman	Not Recommended	0.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/0341motormen/	get boring real quick
❀Torasan	Not Recommended	1.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/toratoratora343/	+ Rare&intresting theme + Thrilling while looting or running when being spotted + RPG !+ Full of potential to expand further !- Couldn't cross a low fence  - Could use some helping hand by recruit a group of thieves- Need a van or any vehicle with larger trunk  - Need sandbox mode  - Need more way to spend money  - furniture , car , house , yacht , plane  gun&drug- Need more costume , possibly selectable gender too  - Need a slower timer - 1 seconds = 1minutes in game that's too fast .So far I don't recommand it , let's see how it will devoloping in future . 
turteli	Recommended	0.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Veeppa/	im christian so i returned the game
Mr.Penguin	Not Recommended	19.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198068795149/	Good game but as of right now theres maybe 8-9 hours of gameplay before you arent doing anything other then stealing the same things, So as of right now i would not recommend buying at full price, Buy on a sale because 20$ for 8 hours of gameplay is alot (I only have 19 hours on it because i left it open all night long with my computer on)
Weird Anakin	Recommended	47.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ididntfightbears/	I got paid for breaking a toilet, 10/10
AllSaintsDay	Not Recommended	0.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/iAllSaintsDay/	Редкостная скокотень, шаришься и воруешь сковородки. Причем одни и те же, после перезахода в локацию :)24 минуты и запрос на возврат
Kubson_V12	Recommended	9.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/KuBsOn_V12/	Dobra gra na spędzenie czasu dobrze rozbudowana. :)
christensenj526	Not Recommended	13.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198106119584/	i cant play it the loading is buged
Freefall1984	Not Recommended	0.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Freefall1984/	I like the concept but the game looks like halflife 1, and I don't mean that in a good way. Cosmetically its very dated, and it doesn't run particularly well in spite of this. Hopefully I can come back to it in a few years but at the moment it's not working for me so well.  
Ace Thompson	Not Recommended	2.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198167720141/	not funn!!!!! it gets old like pc sim i do not recommend this game
DaedaliusRE	Not Recommended	0.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198043073709/	more like "unpolished - the game"
sMARTheartz	Not Recommended	8.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198107125433/	After i played this game for beginning (Greenview St) NPC is very dumb .Walking stuck in my car , I can't grab the painting at the window from the outdoor yyyyy it's make me feel arrgggg fixed it!!!!
msa#السعودية_العظمى	Recommended	31.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/alhazeir/	Product received for free
Landarini	Recommended	1.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198055893848/	funny game XDD keep working on it plse.
Jessønic	Not Recommended	0.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jessonic/	I didn't really enjoy the game, I'll consider buying again at a later date after some more updates.
Handsomest	Recommended	5.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/alreadyinused/	Very promising game, start improve it by adding contoller Support!
Mr  Honor	Not Recommended	7.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198282366259/	- Tons of bugs-Your saved file can be deleted by it self-0 optimization-Retard NPC's
Jessønic	Not Recommended	0.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jessonic/	I didn't really enjoy the game, I'll consider buying again at a later date after some more updates.
squirrelTITS	Not Recommended	5.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/shitbasket/	Fun but unrealistic. Who doesnt make security precaution's after your house was broken into the night before????
Canadium/Houtson	Recommended	7.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/miel141/	A very good game ! Well done
Sir crazysaw	Recommended	1.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/crazysaw/	"Welcome Back" to my review once you will play the game. 
Zenous	Not Recommended	0.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/amngame7/	Crash Simulator (Close Program Simulator)
JackSparrowsups.gg	Recommended	12.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198096768891/	THIS IS THE BEST SIMULATOR ABOUT THEIF I HAD PLAY.
Flynn151	Recommended	1.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198180371759/	i stole a tv
ⒶⓃⒾⓂⓊⒻⓃⒾⓀ	Recommended	5.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Animufnik/	Product received for free
Police Driver	Recommended	28.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/policecardriver/	Steam has Police wrong Written steam has Plice Written
Jayabb2	Not Recommended	4.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/jayabb2/	Game is alright i guess, Its a bit laggy still even with highend graphics card. Same as all games "Are You Sure" Really you need to stop this because its really annoying honest to god.
Foolarchbishop	Not Recommended	2.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/foolarchbishop/	Failed to initialize playerDETAILS:Failed to initialize Direct3D.Make sure you have at least DirectX 9.0c installed, have drivers for yourgraphics card and have not disabled 3D accelerationin display settings.InitializeEngineGraphics failed.SO,how to start this game? 
AHMED ALI	Not Recommended	0.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/AHMED-ALI/	Not good and not bad
JaimeWonder PMA	Not Recommended	1.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198328212356/	this game so bad.lagging so hard
letty.harv	Recommended	11.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198425405112/	this game is too hard can this somehow get to the creator to change how to use lvl 2 lock its too hard for me and i need it a bit easyier thank you very much if so
DOGE LOVER	Not Recommended	26.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198353539681/	I dont know why but my game freezes on 99% which is bloody annoying and I need help
callum superiorservers.co	Not Recommended	2.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198191174043/	would love to play this as seen many others play but i cant even get past the loading screen  instead  ive got a waiting for 99% to turn to 100% simulator.
Canada_Post	Not Recommended	0.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197993723751/	Really cool concept, but you will beat the game in 20 hrs. It runs a bit chunky and pretty repetative. For 10$ would be perfect
mohammad.wwe	Recommended	12.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198814839069/	GOOD GAME BUT MAYBE NEED SOME DLC
n00t.Viktor	Not Recommended	0.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198055549372/	i know this is just a stealing game, but the moment the cops see you, it's over. like why cant i punch the cop or DRIVE AWAY. it's looks fun but honestly. there a countles other games who are better, like payday 2. this is just a straight up bad game where you ahve to steal a couple useless items. fun idea but so bad executed. so refund it isalso if people actually like this then they dont know what a good game is, honestly -_-
Uriziel [BG]	Not Recommended	1.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/9uriziel-bg99999999991/	- Early Access is not completed have bugs- Need to add more animacions moving npcs to can to cnock them and rob them get keys or someting- Need more big map with more houses- DRM FREE Game- Tutorial or its a story hy cnows and its more than 2 hours i dont want some one call me on phone and say go rob this house i want to choise to rob this house or another house+ Good ideas+ Good Graphic For 1 Hour that i see on the game16,99€ nope no tanks need more work to pay that money
coolguytito5	Not Recommended	1.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198870152407/	Everytime i try to launch the game it doesnt work and that i cant play it
JackAndHisBoys	Not Recommended	1.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198444872235/	Useless I cannot play it I am very disapointed with Thief Simulator 0/10 Don't buy this game
royburstiner	Not Recommended	0.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198074797943/	It wouldn't be too bad, but driving sucks as you have to use keyboard This game needs a controller option. keyboard controls are not good for a game involving a lot of car use
Xenomaniac	Recommended	8.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Xenomaniac24/	Alot of People here say " it's unfinished " and " it's too wonky ". well, yea. The Game just came out. Imagine the Baby like a Child's birth. It doesnt just come out and impresses half the Hospital with stepdance and stand-up-comedy. Give it time before criticizing it. Im sure more updates will make the Game more exciting, and bug free.
Macky	Not Recommended	3.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/PresidentMacky/	Bad game
Mini Grim	Not Recommended	0.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Mini_Grim/	Loading Simulator 2018
JRambo101	Not Recommended	0.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198060878551/	My Intel core i5 Windows 7 laptop is 99% qualified for the game's minimum requirements. The only thing it lacks is NVidia graphics card. The lack of proper graphics card ought not have been the main or only reason for he crash! At the very most, the game should have been laggy. Would not have minded that. A crash, though? Unacceptable!
GreasyWeezy	Not Recommended	0.6	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198293051417/	THIS IS ONE OF THE WORST GAMES IVE EVER PLADE
Limey The Kind	Recommended	14.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198038861129/	This is actually a lot of fun. Quite chalenging to get through the houses stealing the best items as fast as you can while the people are either busy or out for a few hours. There are some little problems like I spent agaes trying to steal the car from 205 because I didn't know the scanner had already worked, didn't seem to be much in game to tell me I'd already got it done. I also had a lot of difficulty getting the gate open for one of the stealing car missions from the second map. Part of that was my fault for not buying the tips but having that button where it is seemed like a bit of a odd decission.I think the pacing of the game is just about spot on, never felt like I had a massive grind ahead of me to get the next level to be able to break into the next house. The bag size and the upgrades seemed to come at good times for where I was in the story.The voice acting for Vinny is a little rough, sounds very put on but it isn't terrible. I ran into a couple of bugs playing, I had the screen go black when I was stealing that car in 205 for the first time and the only fix I found was to load the checkpoint and one time I got out the car and it drove off without me then I got teleported back in the car but nothing really game breaking.Overall I've enjoyed this game and spent just over 10 hours on it in the last 2 days (most of them the day I bought it so it's a bit of a time machine). Would definitly recomend this for a nice causal game that will probably keep you more intrested than you might expect. Well done dev!
jgpatricks	Recommended	18.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198115700779/	Such a fun game to play!  Lots to do without feeling repetitive grind tasks.  , each house is different and requires different approaches.+Great graphics+Price+Fun
Spooky Stalin	Recommended	4.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198127354393/	Great game 100% worth the money
CJ	Recommended	12.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198063572659/	great game so far and i love it!though it would be nice to have a car upgrade system for more space, but there is probably an update coming on the car space thing because unlike klepto these developers are consistantly updating the game. if you are reading down here you are probably uncertain about this game JUST BUY IT 
themcbrahs	Recommended	5.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/themcbrahs/	Its like if Thief were in modern times or Like Payday 2 but singleplayer and you don't have the ability to hit anyone.Its certainly fun, although with some issues, like how cops are a little weird with them blazing at the speed of sonic, or how you collect info on the tenants of different buildings, or how even if you evade the cops, you can't actually get the stealth bonus when you head back to the Safehouse (That shouldn't really be the case, its too all or nothing even though there are 3 star ratings)Hopefully they continue to add different neighborhoods (Maybe even a large bank or store to rob as well?) cause the stealth mechanics in play are pretty well done, I give it a number out of a larger number
OllyTheCrosslop	Recommended	1.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/ollythecrosslop/	So far quite a good game. Lots more complexity to it than I expected from a glance of the skills you can aquire. Steady tutorial. The graphics aren't Triple A title quality (which I expected it to be this way) but so far a tidy game. The NPC's keep you constantly on edge which I like. It would be good to get a mutliplayer for this in the future (obviously it's early days) but don't take this game as a combat related game. This is really being a thief at its core. I recommend this to all who have the patience to play a stealth game.
Nicholas Silver-Blood	Recommended	12.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198102076999/	I want to start out saying that I really enjoyed this game, I found the gameplay satisfying and fun however I find that the difficulty and some of the stealth mechanics could use some work. One example being the detection and cops, imo the things that can set off the tenants to call the cops are incredibly small I.E. if they find a door unlocked anywhere in there house they instantly call the police, same with drawers and cupboards if they see one open they telepathicly message the police that something is wrong. I would change this so that if they see a door unlocked or a drawer open somewhere they get suspicious and after they see enough of these things such like 3 or 4 drawers open or 2 or 3 doors unlocked then they call the police, this makes it a bit easier to get the stealth bonus while also rewarding players for attempting to cover their tracks as they move through the house, although if they see something missing like a T.V. or a painting or if they see a broken window then they will call the cops. As for the Police I belive the cops are too easy, the cops were nothing more than a joke, just hide in a closet or under a bed and BOOM invisible I have done this many times with one house in particular in the house were you steal the second truck I broke in while both tenats were home, they called the police instead of running away or trying to escape all i did was calmly walk into there bedroom open the closet and hide inside then checked twitter on my phone while I was waiting for the cops to leave, then after that I left the closet and went into the garage, I forgot about the alarm it was the first car I tried to steal with an alarm, but don't worry just hide in the same closet eventually they left and boom free truck. My solution to this would be something along the lines of have the cops check some of the hiding spots in the area, however if they did that it might be too hard so idk maybe make that something for hard difficulty. Also, as a side note that dosen't really effect the gameplay in anyway can we please get a different ending the current one is really dissapointing.TL:DR In its current state its fun but I would wait for a sale to get it
Bluee	Recommended	10.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198093587689/	Very good game. Cant wait for the future of this game.
so_funny_m8_2	Recommended	0.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/socool11/	I personally really like it and recommend it , it may appear that i havent played much , but i play it offline because with steam running i get low frames , it does have its flaws and bugs but it released just yesterday so thats expected, cant wait to see what will the game become 10/10 from me
edelhammerballubhaiyoyoterimaaka	Recommended	3.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/veddysharma/	Awesome and fun game! the graphics could have been better , but the game is available for an affordable price! But the tactics are realistic.. Bravo to the developers! The pedestrians's models could have been better.. They look like they just came from the minecraft world lol.. the game is worth the money try  it..
Floydbro	Recommended	28.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197971086037/	Saw this being played online and thought it seemed to have a depth to it.After playing it for a few hours, I can confirm it's a decent semi polished game in it's current state, the mechinics and level design were great for the money.  As for the gameplay, it allows you to take your time and the sandbox element of almost picking any house around you is enticing.   The leveling up is good, and in terms of the graphics, they're not bad and ran smoothly - always a bit of a risk with cheaper titles that promise so much.In terms of cons, it's hard to be too critical of the game so soon after release, it's very playable.  I did have a glitch trying to drop a TV whilst croutching (which led to being spotted), and the lack of bringing multiple items in the car at once is a little frustrating.  I feel all of these issues will be ironed out, for example a bigger car may end up being added to be purchased (pickup or van would be fantastic), and a few UI problems are usually an easy fix.All in all, for the price it's really worth picking up, especially if you enjoy the looting/stealing elements.  There's also a real sense of satisfaction driving away from someones front door unnoticed will a car and backpack full of loot.  The game will only get better and I'm looking forward to it.
Papa ®NeoVevo™ skinhub.com	Recommended	18.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198271293088/	buy this game.It’s great and i’m throughly looking forward to updates and maybe a new new neighborhood to rob and a expanded story
Chernobyl Victim	Recommended	12.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198056448521/	I enjoy the game a lot. I've been choosing to play this over RDR2 that's how much I'm enjoying it. There are a couple flaws though. One being that whenever I try to steal a TV (Not a small TV) I put it into the back of my car but whenever I go to the Pawn shop it disapears. I tried this multiple times to just see if it was a one time thing but it's always gone when I get to the shop. I hope this is sorted soon.
DM2602	Recommended	13.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/DM2602/	Okay game, but with the right improvements it can be perfect. A lot of stuff I mention down below destroys the fun of the game in the longer term.Pro:- Detailed world- Great performance- Good graphics- Great concept of selling stuff and the home base, including the computer- A lot of different scenarios and quests to learn the basics and further- Great concept of observing people and learning their routines- You can buy a lot of gear and tools through the game, buy intel etc.Cons:- Car handling, you can't control the car at all if you're fast enough- You park the car for literally 1 minute somewhere else than the parking lot and the police is already on the way and will arrest you (I don't mean in the garage of someone else but on the grass between the walkway and the street. Normal IRL)- You can't put stuff in your trunk. Come on, some realism. Also only one big item can be put in the trunk and you have to go home and store it or sell it. At the beginning you can only take 3 items and you're full and need to go home while your trunk is totally empty and has a lot of space.- Everything resets as soon as you leave the area. Not bad in every case but sometimes it is.- People don't really sleep when they are asleep. Crouching under a window of a room where people are sleeping? Nope, detected and police already on your♥♥♥♥♥- People should call the police first. But no, they spot you and at least 2 police cars are almost immediately in front of the house. Maybe different difficulty settings for this would be an option.- Ability to jump? Maybe make it a skill, not as standard. But this should be an option IMO.The game could be nearly perfect if some of those points I mentioned would be changed/fixed. I'm still impressed, it's a small game but still running a lot better than many simulator games out there with much more publicity and publishers.
bestrindberg	Recommended	16.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198133558622/	Game's great, Love it.Has nice graphics,Well optimized,Fun story,Great attention to detail.**BEFORE YOU CONTINUE, THIS CONTAINS SPOILERS!**I'm not however to happy with the ending of the game, While being an alright plot twist, It's lacking, Heres why:Now i expected some kind of betrayal, but this was a bit too much.I find it fine that it was a bomb, But i think you should have been able to keep on playing, And some more i list below.I was expecting more of a "Oh i scammed you i took the painting for $1000 instead of $100000!" type of deal, But no, It just ends.You can somewhat continue playing the game afterwards, By simply exiting the game, Loading you save, And just not opening the box, But then there's nothing really to do, Cause there are no more missions to do, And the rent-a-thug site does not create any more missions for you to do after you've completed them all.Here's what i expected:A small scam type of deal, As mentioned above,Unlocking a new neighborhood that you could do more free roam type of robberies,Automatically generated missions on rent-a-thug,And everything getting respawned so you could steal more things.Here's what i'd like to see in the game:Randomized loot, Basically meaning that when you enter a house there are various different loot spawn locations, Wich there will be a random item of some tier that spawns in, As now every house has designated locations for loot, Like when i go to a certain house i know i can expect to find a radio outside, And two alarm clocks at an end table, It's to predictable.Cars, They're really good in this game, But i'd like them to be more randomized too, So like when you enter a house they might have a different car then they had before, So you get more variation.I'd like to be able to replace my car with the ones i steal, For example, If i were to steal a car i could remove it's license plate and get a new lock then i could use it for myself, That would be great!Took me ~11 hours to complete the game.Overall i think the game gets an 8/10When i first got the game i played it 9 hours straight and had a huge ammount of fun, But that sort of died down later on due to the ending, And there being nothing really to do,If you've been on the fence about this one, Consider all that i pointed out, Read some more reviews, Then make a decision.However do keep in mind that the game is still under development, So these things may change.I'd say it was worth the money i spent, Although i did expect more out of it.
Limey The Kind	Recommended	14.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198038861129/	This is actually a lot of fun. Quite chalenging to get through the houses stealing the best items as fast as you can while the people are either busy or out for a few hours. There are some little problems like I spent agaes trying to steal the car from 205 because I didn't know the scanner had already worked, didn't seem to be much in game to tell me I'd already got it done. I also had a lot of difficulty getting the gate open for one of the stealing car missions from the second map. Part of that was my fault for not buying the tips but having that button where it is seemed like a bit of a odd decission.I think the pacing of the game is just about spot on, never felt like I had a massive grind ahead of me to get the next level to be able to break into the next house. The bag size and the upgrades seemed to come at good times for where I was in the story.The voice acting for Vinny is a little rough, sounds very put on but it isn't terrible. I ran into a couple of bugs playing, I had the screen go black when I was stealing that car in 205 for the first time and the only fix I found was to load the checkpoint and one time I got out the car and it drove off without me then I got teleported back in the car but nothing really game breaking.Overall I've enjoyed this game and spent just over 10 hours on it in the last 2 days (most of them the day I bought it so it's a bit of a time machine). Would definitly recomend this for a nice causal game that will probably keep you more intrested than you might expect. Well done dev!
Yeddie	Recommended	2.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198155464410/	Although it is a ton of fun and has alot of potential, at this current point in time I feel like I kinda just repeat the same steps every building, don't get me wrong this game is alot of fun, will possibly buy again at a later date.
TequilaTate	Recommended	15.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198104963935/	While the idea of a "thief" simulation game might seem to alot of people like a really bad idea, this game never gets so simulation esque' that it could teach some one how. Even though it is a simulation game it still has a quirky and goofy feel to it. When being caught by police you simply restart from last check point, you never try and take out home owners, and you cant fight back or anything, its just simply a more down to earth stealth simulator where you get to be a little bad like you really always wanted too.While the gameplay might seem slow and dull at first it quickly picks up as the world opens up and you can steal from any house your equipment will allow. The story quest can seem somewhat repetative but if you take the time to plan out your strike, you can get some jobs and loot hints too try and get all the loot in one go makeing it a surprisingly challenging experiance. For an even bigger challenge you can turn on hardcore mode for even less HUD and a much more instinctual experiance. the overall content seems quick to playthrough if you figure out what mechanics you can abuse but the developers have been quick to issue small updates with bug fixes and small tweaks while at the same time seeming eager to take in community requests and add content updates as well as quality of life changes.Overall this game is a fun and quirky stealth simgame that never takes itself too seriously all while still keeping you entertained.
remery46	Recommended	5.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197997048487/	This game is really good! it tests your wits on being a thief. a really nice game i would recamend it!
r2c	Recommended	9.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198030579553/	Nice game, needs only a little more depth & customisation options but overall entertaining
Marcus	Recommended	9.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198167157608/	so far , one of my favourite games ! pluses-great immersion-difficulty-bunch of equipment-open mapsminuses-bugs-jewelery bench reflections-only one place for big loot in car9/10 gg 
Muesliperson	Recommended	13.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197985214910/	Great game concept. Had a lot of fun with it.The game is as difficult as you want it to be. Hiding in stuff is broken af and can save almost any fu*kup, so for your own pleasure, dont do it.Dont play on easy mode since it looked way too mundane.Little annoying were the occasianl lack of tutorials and the post work on high value items after stealing.
Joshy	Recommended	3.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198279616292/	Me and my girlfriend really enjoyed playing this game! It is really fun and keeps you on edge! Yes there are some funny bugs and glitches but it is a great game for a great price and can't wait to see the game grow some more!
bestrindberg	Recommended	16.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198133558622/	Game's great, Love it.Has nice graphics,Well optimized,Fun story,Great attention to detail.**BEFORE YOU CONTINUE, THIS CONTAINS SPOILERS!**I'm not however to happy with the ending of the game, While being an alright plot twist, It's lacking, Heres why:Now i expected some kind of betrayal, but this was a bit too much.I find it fine that it was a bomb, But i think you should have been able to keep on playing, And some more i list below.I was expecting more of a "Oh i scammed you i took the painting for $1000 instead of $100000!" type of deal, But no, It just ends.You can somewhat continue playing the game afterwards, By simply exiting the game, Loading you save, And just not opening the box, But then there's nothing really to do, Cause there are no more missions to do, And the rent-a-thug site does not create any more missions for you to do after you've completed them all.Here's what i expected:A small scam type of deal, As mentioned above,Unlocking a new neighborhood that you could do more free roam type of robberies,Automatically generated missions on rent-a-thug,And everything getting respawned so you could steal more things.Here's what i'd like to see in the game:Randomized loot, Basically meaning that when you enter a house there are various different loot spawn locations, Wich there will be a random item of some tier that spawns in, As now every house has designated locations for loot, Like when i go to a certain house i know i can expect to find a radio outside, And two alarm clocks at an end table, It's to predictable.Cars, They're really good in this game, But i'd like them to be more randomized too, So like when you enter a house they might have a different car then they had before, So you get more variation.I'd like to be able to replace my car with the ones i steal, For example, If i were to steal a car i could remove it's license plate and get a new lock then i could use it for myself, That would be great!Took me ~11 hours to complete the game.Overall i think the game gets an 8/10When i first got the game i played it 9 hours straight and had a huge ammount of fun, But that sort of died down later on due to the ending, And there being nothing really to do,If you've been on the fence about this one, Consider all that i pointed out, Read some more reviews, Then make a decision.However do keep in mind that the game is still under development, So these things may change.I'd say it was worth the money i spent, Although i did expect more out of it.
DM2602	Recommended	13.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/DM2602/	Okay game, but with the right improvements it can be perfect. A lot of stuff I mention down below destroys the fun of the game in the longer term.Pro:- Detailed world- Great performance- Good graphics- Great concept of selling stuff and the home base, including the computer- A lot of different scenarios and quests to learn the basics and further- Great concept of observing people and learning their routines- You can buy a lot of gear and tools through the game, buy intel etc.Cons:- Car handling, you can't control the car at all if you're fast enough- You park the car for literally 1 minute somewhere else than the parking lot and the police is already on the way and will arrest you (I don't mean in the garage of someone else but on the grass between the walkway and the street. Normal IRL)- You can't put stuff in your trunk. Come on, some realism. Also only one big item can be put in the trunk and you have to go home and store it or sell it. At the beginning you can only take 3 items and you're full and need to go home while your trunk is totally empty and has a lot of space.- Everything resets as soon as you leave the area. Not bad in every case but sometimes it is.- People don't really sleep when they are asleep. Crouching under a window of a room where people are sleeping? Nope, detected and police already on your♥♥♥♥♥- People should call the police first. But no, they spot you and at least 2 police cars are almost immediately in front of the house. Maybe different difficulty settings for this would be an option.- Ability to jump? Maybe make it a skill, not as standard. But this should be an option IMO.The game could be nearly perfect if some of those points I mentioned would be changed/fixed. I'm still impressed, it's a small game but still running a lot better than many simulator games out there with much more publicity and publishers.
r2c	Recommended	9.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198030579553/	Nice game, needs only a little more depth & customisation options but overall entertaining
Pool Noodle	Recommended	19.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/PoolNoodleTJH/	It's a pretty good game. Sometimes the AI and cops are a little wonky and confusing, but overall it's a good game. I have seen others saying it's too short, and I would have to agree. It took me 18 hours to complete it, but I probably coul have done it in 13ish. The ending surprised me and I don't know why.
Yeddie	Recommended	2.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198155464410/	Although it is a ton of fun and has alot of potential, at this current point in time I feel like I kinda just repeat the same steps every building, don't get me wrong this game is alot of fun, will possibly buy again at a later date.
TequilaTate	Recommended	15.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198104963935/	While the idea of a "thief" simulation game might seem to alot of people like a really bad idea, this game never gets so simulation esque' that it could teach some one how. Even though it is a simulation game it still has a quirky and goofy feel to it. When being caught by police you simply restart from last check point, you never try and take out home owners, and you cant fight back or anything, its just simply a more down to earth stealth simulator where you get to be a little bad like you really always wanted too.While the gameplay might seem slow and dull at first it quickly picks up as the world opens up and you can steal from any house your equipment will allow. The story quest can seem somewhat repetative but if you take the time to plan out your strike, you can get some jobs and loot hints too try and get all the loot in one go makeing it a surprisingly challenging experiance. For an even bigger challenge you can turn on hardcore mode for even less HUD and a much more instinctual experiance. the overall content seems quick to playthrough if you figure out what mechanics you can abuse but the developers have been quick to issue small updates with bug fixes and small tweaks while at the same time seeming eager to take in community requests and add content updates as well as quality of life changes.Overall this game is a fun and quirky stealth simgame that never takes itself too seriously all while still keeping you entertained.
remery46	Recommended	5.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197997048487/	This game is really good! it tests your wits on being a thief. a really nice game i would recamend it!
GTR192	Not Recommended	5.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198041099881/	Product received for free
Muesliperson	Recommended	13.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197985214910/	Great game concept. Had a lot of fun with it.The game is as difficult as you want it to be. Hiding in stuff is broken af and can save almost any fu*kup, so for your own pleasure, dont do it.Dont play on easy mode since it looked way too mundane.Little annoying were the occasianl lack of tutorials and the post work on high value items after stealing.
Joshy	Recommended	3.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198279616292/	Me and my girlfriend really enjoyed playing this game! It is really fun and keeps you on edge! Yes there are some funny bugs and glitches but it is a great game for a great price and can't wait to see the game grow some more!
freddy4ur69	Recommended	10.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198856950418/	after reading ur reply i contacted msi because this laptop is only 2 monthes old.... wasnt charger but motherboard needed reset... game works great again and charging so sorry for thinking it was game.
✪DemonRyth	Recommended	14.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198095828871/	Game is fun but sometimes the detection is a little bit messed up. Needs more neighborhoods and a longer story also time goes by way to fast i understand you need to be quick but seriously the timing should be slowed down.
CrackedLCD	Recommended	0.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/OmniCraftX/	This game is really just those one of a time games about a unnamed dude going thru peoples houses robbing then of their most valuable items but ill be the one to judge heres my thoughts on this game Positive Aspects🔹Nice Graphics with a lot of detail besides ground texture thats also on the negitive aspects🔹Great gameplay for me maybe not so much for you but its my judgement🔹Mechanics are decent but with the fallout lockpicking and oblivion lckpicking this game is turning to utter♥♥♥♥♥♥br>🔹The detail of the houses are as good as a game with graphics from games from 2010 can get🔹 This is both a negative and positive The furniture within the game look dated but we know its presentish day because of the newer cars but come on really? people can afford ♥♥♥♥ing jeep cherokee looking vehicles but they still have a BOX TV?!?!? then again i only just started and robbed a mansion and they have box tvs but a lamborghini in the garage what the ♥♥♥♥Negative Aspects🔸Has a common chance to crash on me when loading to the pawnshop🔸Picking up big items is a big pain in the♥♥♥♥♥due to lag crashes and well BUGS🔸Horrible driving mechanics (yes i know this is not a driving game its a steal the item game but its just the ♥♥♥♥ing car is janky as♥♥♥♥♥♥to drive)🔸 I forgot to say this but terrible ground textures i mean even a game from 2008 chould do better then that but everything else graphics wise are decent but arent something to get excited about🔸the price of the game needs to be lowended atleast to 15/16 dollars at this stageResult Rating   5/10 Ill recommend it only because it recently released and everyone in the reviews are argueing how this game is♥♥♥♥♥♥guys give the devs a break it  took them 3 years to make this and you give them nasty rude reviews? get a ♥♥♥♥ing life or atleast TRY to be ♥♥♥♥ing nice to the devs for bringing us a decent thief sim also please reply :)
MLG Javi	Recommended	6.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Jack98002/	A very fun game I payed 17 for this game and I have enjoyed it a lot. The game is being developed and to the developers credit they respond to critisim and suggestions. Not that many games do that it's being worked on but the game is still a lot of fun. I reccomend this game to anyone lots of fun.
MrT1mHD	Recommended	4.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/MrT1m/	Best Simulator!!!
TheDarkLord	Recommended	8.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198382230175/	Amazing game 99/10 Already played 8 hours of it amazing one of the best games i have played!
Trokan	Recommended	12.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/imbatrokan/	What a bombastic story ending :D
Benny	Recommended	10.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/bennylataupe/	Very good game. It's one of these games where we play without watch the time.If you see this game in seasonal sales, buy it !
Floydbro	Recommended	28.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197971086037/	Saw this being played online and thought it seemed to have a depth to it.After playing it for a few hours, I can confirm it's a decent semi polished game in it's current state, the mechinics and level design were great for the money.  As for the gameplay, it allows you to take your time and the sandbox element of almost picking any house around you is enticing.   The leveling up is good, and in terms of the graphics, they're not bad and ran smoothly - always a bit of a risk with cheaper titles that promise so much.In terms of cons, it's hard to be too critical of the game so soon after release, it's very playable.  I did have a glitch trying to drop a TV whilst croutching (which led to being spotted), and the lack of bringing multiple items in the car at once is a little frustrating.  I feel all of these issues will be ironed out, for example a bigger car may end up being added to be purchased (pickup or van would be fantastic), and a few UI problems are usually an easy fix.All in all, for the price it's really worth picking up, especially if you enjoy the looting/stealing elements.  There's also a real sense of satisfaction driving away from someones front door unnoticed will a car and backpack full of loot.  The game will only get better and I'm looking forward to it.
Papa ®NeoVevo™ skinhub.com	Recommended	18.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198271293088/	buy this game.It’s great and i’m throughly looking forward to updates and maybe a new new neighborhood to rob and a expanded story
iTz D Say	Recommended	13.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198089230910/	game is good but I feel like when my backpack is full i should be able to empty in the car and go back for more. needs more stuff to steal. cops respond way to fast I could see private secruity responding that fast if they are arlready guarding the area but not cops.
so_funny_m8_2	Recommended	0.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/socool11/	I personally really like it and recommend it , it may appear that i havent played much , but i play it offline because with steam running i get low frames , it does have its flaws and bugs but it released just yesterday so thats expected, cant wait to see what will the game become 10/10 from me
Nicholas Silver-Blood	Recommended	12.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198102076999/	I want to start out saying that I really enjoyed this game, I found the gameplay satisfying and fun however I find that the difficulty and some of the stealth mechanics could use some work. One example being the detection and cops, imo the things that can set off the tenants to call the cops are incredibly small I.E. if they find a door unlocked anywhere in there house they instantly call the police, same with drawers and cupboards if they see one open they telepathicly message the police that something is wrong. I would change this so that if they see a door unlocked or a drawer open somewhere they get suspicious and after they see enough of these things such like 3 or 4 drawers open or 2 or 3 doors unlocked then they call the police, this makes it a bit easier to get the stealth bonus while also rewarding players for attempting to cover their tracks as they move through the house, although if they see something missing like a T.V. or a painting or if they see a broken window then they will call the cops. As for the Police I belive the cops are too easy, the cops were nothing more than a joke, just hide in a closet or under a bed and BOOM invisible I have done this many times with one house in particular in the house were you steal the second truck I broke in while both tenats were home, they called the police instead of running away or trying to escape all i did was calmly walk into there bedroom open the closet and hide inside then checked twitter on my phone while I was waiting for the cops to leave, then after that I left the closet and went into the garage, I forgot about the alarm it was the first car I tried to steal with an alarm, but don't worry just hide in the same closet eventually they left and boom free truck. My solution to this would be something along the lines of have the cops check some of the hiding spots in the area, however if they did that it might be too hard so idk maybe make that something for hard difficulty. Also, as a side note that dosen't really effect the gameplay in anyway can we please get a different ending the current one is really dissapointing.TL:DR In its current state its fun but I would wait for a sale to get it
CJ	Recommended	12.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198063572659/	great game so far and i love it!though it would be nice to have a car upgrade system for more space, but there is probably an update coming on the car space thing because unlike klepto these developers are consistantly updating the game. if you are reading down here you are probably uncertain about this game JUST BUY IT 
Marcus	Recommended	9.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198167157608/	so far , one of my favourite games ! pluses-great immersion-difficulty-bunch of equipment-open mapsminuses-bugs-jewelery bench reflections-only one place for big loot in car9/10 gg 
DM2602	Recommended	13.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/DM2602/	Okay game, but with the right improvements it can be perfect. A lot of stuff I mention down below destroys the fun of the game in the longer term.Pro:- Detailed world- Great performance- Good graphics- Great concept of selling stuff and the home base, including the computer- A lot of different scenarios and quests to learn the basics and further- Great concept of observing people and learning their routines- You can buy a lot of gear and tools through the game, buy intel etc.Cons:- Car handling, you can't control the car at all if you're fast enough- You park the car for literally 1 minute somewhere else than the parking lot and the police is already on the way and will arrest you (I don't mean in the garage of someone else but on the grass between the walkway and the street. Normal IRL)- You can't put stuff in your trunk. Come on, some realism. Also only one big item can be put in the trunk and you have to go home and store it or sell it. At the beginning you can only take 3 items and you're full and need to go home while your trunk is totally empty and has a lot of space.- Everything resets as soon as you leave the area. Not bad in every case but sometimes it is.- People don't really sleep when they are asleep. Crouching under a window of a room where people are sleeping? Nope, detected and police already on your♥♥♥♥♥- People should call the police first. But no, they spot you and at least 2 police cars are almost immediately in front of the house. Maybe different difficulty settings for this would be an option.- Ability to jump? Maybe make it a skill, not as standard. But this should be an option IMO.The game could be nearly perfect if some of those points I mentioned would be changed/fixed. I'm still impressed, it's a small game but still running a lot better than many simulator games out there with much more publicity and publishers.
r2c	Recommended	9.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198030579553/	Nice game, needs only a little more depth & customisation options but overall entertaining
bestrindberg	Recommended	16.4	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198133558622/	Game's great, Love it.Has nice graphics,Well optimized,Fun story,Great attention to detail.**BEFORE YOU CONTINUE, THIS CONTAINS SPOILERS!**I'm not however to happy with the ending of the game, While being an alright plot twist, It's lacking, Heres why:Now i expected some kind of betrayal, but this was a bit too much.I find it fine that it was a bomb, But i think you should have been able to keep on playing, And some more i list below.I was expecting more of a "Oh i scammed you i took the painting for $1000 instead of $100000!" type of deal, But no, It just ends.You can somewhat continue playing the game afterwards, By simply exiting the game, Loading you save, And just not opening the box, But then there's nothing really to do, Cause there are no more missions to do, And the rent-a-thug site does not create any more missions for you to do after you've completed them all.Here's what i expected:A small scam type of deal, As mentioned above,Unlocking a new neighborhood that you could do more free roam type of robberies,Automatically generated missions on rent-a-thug,And everything getting respawned so you could steal more things.Here's what i'd like to see in the game:Randomized loot, Basically meaning that when you enter a house there are various different loot spawn locations, Wich there will be a random item of some tier that spawns in, As now every house has designated locations for loot, Like when i go to a certain house i know i can expect to find a radio outside, And two alarm clocks at an end table, It's to predictable.Cars, They're really good in this game, But i'd like them to be more randomized too, So like when you enter a house they might have a different car then they had before, So you get more variation.I'd like to be able to replace my car with the ones i steal, For example, If i were to steal a car i could remove it's license plate and get a new lock then i could use it for myself, That would be great!Took me ~11 hours to complete the game.Overall i think the game gets an 8/10When i first got the game i played it 9 hours straight and had a huge ammount of fun, But that sort of died down later on due to the ending, And there being nothing really to do,If you've been on the fence about this one, Consider all that i pointed out, Read some more reviews, Then make a decision.However do keep in mind that the game is still under development, So these things may change.I'd say it was worth the money i spent, Although i did expect more out of it.
mrsausage_	Recommended	1.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/mrsausage_/	fun.. abit dumb ..
Zaplon	Recommended	3.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/zaplongaming/	its an okay game as it is right now 11/21/18 its not really worth $20 maybe $10 it would be alot better if they would add more stuff in the game and fix some bugs
Mercuriusds	Recommended	11.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Aehael/	I really like this game. It is all it promised and it gets developed in the right direction. Currentlly the cops seem a bit unfair, but to be honest, it is ok, because it makes the game a little bit more challenging in a positive sense. urther ore the stealing of cars and all the mini games to solve little chalenges are really awesome. Just one shot in the dark: It would be awesome to et some feedback duing the dismanling of the car. Some better translations into german would be great(sometime really wired translations appear, but nothing game breaking.
FlysSky	Recommended	3.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198182201746/	good interaction with the npcvery funny with the npc
hollowfyre	Recommended	1.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/theoriginalhollowfyre/	I really enjoy this game. I'm really bad at it and I don't know whether or not to blame myself or the game mechanics (like the lockpicking and the driving...am I just really bad at it or is the game just insanely difficult to do?) Either way I enjoy it a lot. I like the idea of being a bad guy =p
Mada Mada	Recommended	13.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198029023488/	Steal it!
PIGL3T	Recommended	7.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/PIGL3T/	Excellent
austinjones530 A/1	Recommended	4.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198312547499/	This game is so fun. When i played it for the first time i could not stop playing it!!
facts	Recommended	10.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/bmdyy/	Boston Accent Simulator 2018
twitch.tv/dezmone	Recommended	22.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Dezmone/	This game is definitely stretching the price tag a little, but is totally worth it on a steam sale. That's definitely the best time to get the game. On top of that, small tweeks and additions to the game are made routinely and it adds replayability value, however the experience is mostly linear. If you're into those types of games, this game may be for you!
Junpei	Recommended	25.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/junpeikyu/	The Game is addictive! I played the Game for hours as I got it! Definitely recommended! I'm also happy to see many updates, like translation, bug-fixing, features and transparency by the developers!
AlpacaJack	Recommended	12.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/alpacajack/	Honestly... it's addictive. The game is incomplete, but devs are still actively working on it from what I understand. I played the game for hours straight on my day off, only stopping to eat lunch and dinner. Casual play will take you around 10-12 hours to complete the game in it's current state. Recommend if you're bored and you're looking for a couple hours of uninterrupted addictive binge gaming.It's a bit lacking in content, especially for the second neighbourhood and it does get a bit repetitive. More to come soon apparently, I'm lookign forward to it.Admittedly, since I've completed the game, I won't be playing it again until something has been added to it.. a second playthrough just doesn't seem that appealing except to see how fast a speed run would be.
Awootaro	Recommended	4.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198089478845/	spent 300 dollars and days of planning and scouting out a house just to run into it and break every object of value he had in his house for the fun of it. I am no longer a thief, but the embodiment of bad luck, I crave no monetary gain, just the satisfaction of ruining someones day, 10/10, good ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ simulator
Adamant Archvile	Recommended	10.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/TheAdamantArchvile/	This was a fun little budget thief game. If your favorite part of Deus Ex was breaking into people's homes and stealing their stuff, give this game a go.
austinjones530 A/1	Recommended	4.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198312547499/	This game is so fun. When i played it for the first time i could not stop playing it!!
IcyCold	Recommended	16.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/icycolddd/	Pros: Good graphics, strategy and mechanicsCons: Limited "levels", poor and buggy AI, long-winded reward processing mechanics
twitch.tv/dezmone	Recommended	22.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Dezmone/	This game is definitely stretching the price tag a little, but is totally worth it on a steam sale. That's definitely the best time to get the game. On top of that, small tweeks and additions to the game are made routinely and it adds replayability value, however the experience is mostly linear. If you're into those types of games, this game may be for you!
AMcG 	Recommended	10.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/AMcG/	Great game Rather ShortGreat Developers 
Arab Boi	Recommended	10.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/amirbosanac/	The game is a brilliant simulator with an okay story behind it. I wish a few features were added such as having the ability to maybe shoot the police or even get into a longer car chase with police but not just be in a certain radius and be caught. Also I would like to see some kind of  jumping element as it would just add to the realism of the game
hollowfyre	Recommended	1.9	https://steamcommunity.com/id/theoriginalhollowfyre/	I really enjoy this game. I'm really bad at it and I don't know whether or not to blame myself or the game mechanics (like the lockpicking and the driving...am I just really bad at it or is the game just insanely difficult to do?) Either way I enjoy it a lot. I like the idea of being a bad guy =p
Tribo	Recommended	9.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/xogx_tribo/	Didn't play the game a lot but allready like it, nice to steal the stuff, i will make this my IRL job.
hzdane	Recommended	24.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198809613342/	Kept an eye on this for a while, great game.. hooked already! Excited for updates, will include a wishlist soon!
ジョーイ (J6ey1)	Recommended	3.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/J6ey1/	really good game to come out and there lots stuff to do in game
Earl [PP]	Recommended	8.0	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198012489281/	One of the best games i played in the last years. Still not finished but a lot of fun.
slayercore	Recommended	3.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/4iD4n/	this game is very good mate
requiem stand	Recommended	1.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/thegunraiderz/	This review is for the steam nominating task
TheSpoi	Not Recommended	2.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/343574564646468468/	i like the concept and everything just some things arent too, realistic, like for example the lockpickingthey got the tumbler thing kinda right but thats not how it really works, i have a lockpick set and a practice lock so i would know also i mean you should be able to ko people cause you cant rob them blind with them around and lastly maybe for the car alarms etc something a bit more fun insead of clicking on a white line
Sato	Recommended	10.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/CuSato/	sneak mode on
jankat_d	Not Recommended	15.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198171598489/	The story is way too short and items are very limited. Need improvements to worth it.
IdioticShark	Recommended	5.9	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197973938427/	So as far as my segment on playing this game goes it's actually pretty fun and...well...funny. You're robbing the same neighborhood so many times and even if you're caught numerously no one will call the cops on you until you're caught in someone's house so legit everyone in this game either has short term memory loss or random bouts of amnesia. You can't hop fences (aka certain ones) unless you have these particular gloves that cost $1200 but if you dent your car it's $1-4 to fix. One time I ran from the cops by crossing the "safe life" and i could choose to go to the pawn shop or home and my car that I left in that neighborhood with my door and trunk wide open with a stolen TV in it was already there for me. It's like having a dog or a ♥♥♥♥ing horse that knows where to find you if you go missing, except it's probably a possessed car.  The story is you having to just do tasks and odd jobs for a guy name Vinny who sounds a stereotypical of a New York City accent as you think. I destroyed property in a house where no one lives in it ever and it's back to normal the next day. Am I bashing this game? On a realistic level kind of but to be honest the things that are wrong with the game make it so much better. I started this game and was almost late for an appointment four hours later. I'd recommend it if you want to pass the time or you want to be a theif with questionable capabilities in a town full of idiots. For its price it's worth it.
Jackson	Recommended	10.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Jdub2711/	The Police AI, and the civilians are sometimes stupid but it is still an excellent game, cant wait for them to update it.
Shia The Messiah	Recommended	10.4	https://steamcommunity.com/id/c0sm1cfps/	While I like the game, I wish that it didnt just end so ♥♥♥♥ing horribly. I felt like this game had the potential to be a legit simulator with more neighborhoods to case and endless gameplay. While the concept and game itself is ♥♥♥♥ing killer, it sucks that it doesnt continue and it is just a story. So, if you are looking for a good theft game to kill 10 hours on until the story ends, get it. If you are looking for a game that you can steal and grind in for endless hours, this wont be it. Sad. :(
|UGA| LostInMyThoughts	Recommended	2.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/LostInMyThought/	I love this game its just so beautiful and has some amaazing controls.
Uncle Tickles	Recommended	15.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/arisparithe1andonly/	I have lost way to many hours to this game. Its great fun
czechrebel	Not Recommended	0.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/czechrebel/	A game should grab you in the beginning. Instead it’s boring from the start.
A J Plays	Recommended	13.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198334999405/	Very fun
ZURQ	Recommended	8.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Zuurq/	you get to be jonny sins and do your thing
PIGL3T	Recommended	7.3	https://steamcommunity.com/id/PIGL3T/	Excellent
A Scientist	Recommended	14.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198138300889/	This game is an absolute banger!!! If updates keep comming in, I will definately be playing the game alot. Only bug I have found is the 100% completion achievement, which is broken with me.
Asblackcat6	Recommended	11.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198080384735/	While the game at the moment is lacking content. I can say what is in the game so far justifies the price. Each house feels like a unique challenge and is fun. The pace at which the developer adds content and fixes bugs should also be praised.
A J Plays	Recommended	13.2	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198334999405/	Very fun
ZURQ	Recommended	8.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Zuurq/	you get to be jonny sins and do your thing
brahmana	Recommended	11.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/brahmana/	Good Game but the main story a bit short, need improvement in the main story
Jackson	Recommended	10.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Jdub2711/	The Police AI, and the civilians are sometimes stupid but it is still an excellent game, cant wait for them to update it.
Marcus	Recommended	6.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Ninjablade/	You aint gonna be blastin anyone or beating anyone up, but this game is suprisingly fun.  If you have completed the thieves guild in Oblivion, you will have an advantage.
Uncle Tickles	Recommended	15.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/arisparithe1andonly/	I have lost way to many hours to this game. Its great fun
A Scientist	Recommended	14.1	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198138300889/	This game is an absolute banger!!! If updates keep comming in, I will definately be playing the game alot. Only bug I have found is the 100% completion achievement, which is broken with me.
gonnagitchu	Recommended	6.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198338347347/	I highly recommend this game for those of you that want a decent thief simulator. There is so much to discover and to learn as you progress through the game. The only issues/bugs that im am facing is AI, and hiding spots. What I mean by hiding spots is that the cops find you even though your hiding. I would be very happy if this was fixed, but its not that big of a bug. This game is getting a lot of content added, so it never gets boring and dry.
Mada Mada	Recommended	13.3	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198029023488/	Steal it!
LRD 27	Recommended	4.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/lrd27/	Simple but fun
brahmana	Recommended	11.1	https://steamcommunity.com/id/brahmana/	Good Game but the main story a bit short, need improvement in the main story
Jackson	Recommended	10.5	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Jdub2711/	The Police AI, and the civilians are sometimes stupid but it is still an excellent game, cant wait for them to update it.
Marcus	Recommended	6.7	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Ninjablade/	You aint gonna be blastin anyone or beating anyone up, but this game is suprisingly fun.  If you have completed the thieves guild in Oblivion, you will have an advantage.
John Smith	Recommended	7.6	https://steamcommunity.com/id/Visko_JohnSmith/	Very good open world game
|UGA| LostInMyThoughts	Recommended	2.2	https://steamcommunity.com/id/LostInMyThought/	I love this game its just so beautiful and has some amaazing controls.
Uncle Tickles	Recommended	15.0	https://steamcommunity.com/id/arisparithe1andonly/	I have lost way to many hours to this game. Its great fun
gonnagitchu	Recommended	6.5	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198338347347/	I highly recommend this game for those of you that want a decent thief simulator. There is so much to discover and to learn as you progress through the game. The only issues/bugs that im am facing is AI, and hiding spots. What I mean by hiding spots is that the cops find you even though your hiding. I would be very happy if this was fixed, but its not that big of a bug. This game is getting a lot of content added, so it never gets boring and dry.
Pongo	Recommended	14.7	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198238202062/	One of the best and more funniest games of the last time!!!!
Supraboosta	Recommended	8.8	https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198374387160/	Great game. Had alot of fun playing this. Wish there was more to the story, but plenty of playability for $20 IMO. Would highly reccomend.
beebide ujumine	Recommended	10.8	https://steamcommunity.com/id/lennuk911/	cool game, few bugs, game was too short and the game ended with a bang so basically there will be no updates?
